Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Lending Club continues to feel the pain from governance scandal
BBC Sport Wales meets up with one of the country's oldest tennis players, John Wright.
At 93-years-old, he's still serving up aces and challenging line calls at Haverfordwest Tennis Club, where he has run beginner groups since 1987.
And he has no plans of hanging up his racket any time soon, saying "age doesn't matter at all".
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
"The road is going to be closer to me than what it was, and I can't see around the corner pulling out of my driveway to see the traffic coming from town," said Lonnie Swink, who lives on the Texas side of the bridge.
There have been calls for railings to be put in place at the new relief route, which goes from Newbridge Industrial Estate through the Curragh Grange via Millfield.
At the Kildare-Newbridge MD meeting on January 17, Cllr Morgan McCabe said there is unexpectedly heavy traffic patterns in the area with numerous young children living locally.
KCC said a road safety audit will be done in March. A report issued said; “There is a HGV restriction in place; with relevant signage at each end of this route. In addition to standard bin lorries servicing the area, other vehicles are servicing the site where 19 apartments are under construction; adjacent to the Moore Avenue/Millfield laneway.
“The temporary construction-related traffic is authorised by Kildare County Council planning permission, and expected to cease by late summer when the apartments are complete.”
Serena Williams puts $12M Bel Air estate up for sale Powerhouse tennis superstar Serena Williams, arguably the best female player to ever wield a racket, listed her multi-acre estate deep in the poshly rustic Stone Canyon area of LA's Bel...
America's most expensive home is on sale for $350 million The most expensive home for sale in the United States is the grandiose mansion from the 1960s TV series “The Beverly Hillbillies,” which hit the market Monday for $350 million....
Police helicopters respond to call at Michael Bay's LA mansion According to a resident, Bay believed an intruder snuck onto his property and posed an “imminent danger” to the director.
Lori Loughlin and husband list remodeled Bel Air mansion for $35M The actress and fashion designer Mossimo Giannulli bought the house in 2015 for $14 million.
Kim and Kanye want $20M for their 'starter home' That's more than double the $9 million that Kim Kardashian and Kanye West paid for it in 2013.
We use cookies to personalize content, features and ads. We share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information from your use of the services.
Ramon Oladimeji The eight-year-old trial of a former governor of Oyo State, Rashidi Ladoja, for an alleged fraud of N4.7bn, was stalled on Tuesday due to lack of preparation by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission. The case, which was filed against Ladoja since 2009, had been scheduled to start afresh on Tuesday before Justice […]
The post Ladoja's alleged N4.7bn fraud case resumes March 1 appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
We use cookies for a number of reasons, such as keeping FT Sites reliable and secure, personalising content and ads, providing social media features and to analyse how our Sites are used.
Sen. Cory Booker, D-N.J., has recently introduced legislation to legalize marijuana at the federal level. His bill will no doubt inspire the standard criticisms, one of which is that legalization does not eliminate the black market. Kevin Sabet, director of the Drug Policy Institute, claims that “[e]ven under legalization, there's a black market.” This view contains a kernel of truth, but it misses the bigger picture.
Most consumers prefer, other things equal, to purchase from legal suppliers. This allows them to resolve disagreements about quality, service, and payment with lawsuits or by reporting to private and public watchdogs; it facilitates repeat shopping from a high-quality seller, and it avoids the risks of adulterated or excessively potent goods. Thus despite the costs created by regulation and taxation for most legal goods, black markets do not often arise.
Instead, black markets arise only when government policy forces markets underground by outlawing them or by imposing excessive regulation or taxation. After the United States repealed Alcohol Prohibition in 1933, most of the market returned to the legal sphere, except in states that continued prohibition or imposed excessive taxes.
One obstacle to moving the marijuana market fully above ground is that all state legalizations to date — and the regulatory frameworks imposed at the state or city level — impose substantial restrictions on the marijuana market. Details vary, but regulations generally limit the number of retail outlets, the specific products they can sell, the amount customers can purchase per visit, and the location of stores. Much regulation also restricts or bans home delivery, bars some individuals from obtaining retail licenses, and imposes a minimum purchase age of 21. Apart from this over-regulation, some states impose a tax burden that prices legal marijuana well above illegal marijuana.
A different obstacle to eliminating the black market is ongoing federal marijuana prohibition. Federal authorities can, and do, conduct busts and buys, prosecute violations of federal prohibition, and imprison those convicted. Moreover, federal banking regulation keeps marijuana businesses from operating legally, even in legalized states. The federal tax code also bars standard expense deductions for businesses that are illegal under federal law; this means that marijuana businesses face highly punitive tax rates. According to Fortune Magazine, a legal marijuana business owner can pay an effective tax rate as high as 90 percent.
Additionally, regulation currently protects those lucky enough to already have licenses. In Oregon owners of legitimate marijuana businesses are losing customers to the black market. They blame “delays in the state's permitting process for new entries into the recreational marijuana market, which acts as an artificial control on supply, which… in turn pushes customers to explore cheaper options.”
All these factors encourage continued black markets even under legalization.
The critics are therefore right that partial legalization will not eliminate the black market, but the solution is trivial: full legalization. Most importantly, federal law must legalize marijuana so that marijuana businesses can access the legal banking sector and comply with federal tax codes without putting themselves at a competitive disadvantage.
More broadly, the desire to control the marijuana market via regulation is misguided.
If regulation is mild, it has no meaningful effect. Consider a rule that limits purchases to one ounce per customer per month. For most users an ounce lasts at least a month anyway. And consumers who want more can purchase at multiple stores or have friends or family purchase for them
If regulation is instead strict, it promotes continuation of the black market. Consider a requirement for registration of every purchase and enforcement of the rule of only one ounce per month across all stores in a state. This would be expensive and would place real barriers to using retail stores, ultimately resulting in less tax revenue, more need for enforcement, and perpetuation of the illegal market.
Thus legalization without excessive regulation or taxation is the only way to eliminate the black market. And this approach has the added virtue of maximizing tax revenue from legalized sales, minimizing enforcement costs, and respecting the freedom of those who wish to consume marijuana.
Jeffrey Miron is director of economic studies at the Cato Institute and the director of undergraduate studies in the Department of Economics at Harvard University.
To send a letter to the editor about this article, submit online or check out our guidelines for how to submit by email or mail.
This story was first published on DenverPost.com
The tangled politics of transgenderism
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
Antonio Villaraigosa with Fresno Police Chief Jerry Dyer after a press conference outside the police department on May 29. María G. Ortiz-Briones mortizbriones@vidaenelvalle.com
Union to Further Elevate the Teforia Experience Through Masterfully Crafted Tea Offerings
MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Teforia Company, creator of the first-of-its-kind intelligent tea infuser, announced today a new partnership with one of the oldest and most well-established tea brands in the world, Yamamotoyama. The partnership includes the introduction of Yamamotoyama's world-renowned premium green teas to Teforia's masterfully crafted tea portfolio. Customers can experience the unmatched taste and health benefits of Yamamotoyama's green tea varietals by placing an order online at Teforia.com.
A longtime staple of healthy living, green tea has been consistently praised for its catechin (antioxidant) benefits, including its protection against degenerative diseases, many types of cancer and coronary heart disease. To bring these benefits to its customers, Teforia has partnered with Yamamotoyama, a trusted, family-owned company credited for popularizing green tea and making it accessible to tea drinkers worldwide.
"Partnering with a company with such an illustrious history such as Yamamotoyama is very exciting, particularly because Teforia and Yamamotoyama share a similar mission -- to unite age-old ritual with modern expertise in favor of the perfect cup of tea," said Allen Han, CEO of Teforia. "Yamamotoyama has been producing some of the most beloved and high-quality green teas for over 300 years, and we're honored to share those teas with Teforia customers."
This partnership, which includes tea sourcing, purchasing, shipping and packaging, marks the first of many to come for Teforia. The company, which is focused on elevating the tea experience through premium technology and exceptional teas, offers an exclusive range of teas with recipes crafted for Teforia by foremost tea masters.
"Partnering with Teforia was a natural choice for us," stated Nami Yamamoto, CEO of Yamamotoyama of America. "Teforia's ability to bring people together through ritual is something close to our hearts, and we look forward to elevating the Teforia experience with our tea offerings."
The Teforia infuser was designed with the best modern technology to give tea drinkers a moment of serenity and reflection away from the hustle of everyday life. From selecting a choice tea from Teforia's gourmet portfolio to witnessing the mesmerizing infusion process, the experience of unwinding with a cup of perfectly crafted Teforia tea is a delight not to be missed.
For more information on Teforia or to purchase Yamamotoyama teas for Teforia, please visit www.Teforia.com.
About Teforia
Teforia blends the ancient tradition of tea with first-of-its-kind technology into a sensory experience for the modern world. The company's flagship product, Teforia, is the first machine-learning tea infusion device that infuses the best cup of tea you've ever had automatically, with the tap of a finger. Part companion and part guide, Teforia helps you discover, enjoy and journey into the world of authentic and exceptional tea, all tailored to your own preferences. Led by founder & CEO Allen Han, Teforia was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Mountain View, California. For more information, please visit: www.teforia.com.
Cam Newton Ripped For Sexist Remarks To Female Sports Reporter
Within the last few years Cam Newton has been quite the controversial figure in the world of sports, a trend that has continued with his latest remarks. During a press conference after a recent game, the Carolina Panthers quarterback aimed very sexist remarks at a female sports reporter that now have him under fire.
Cam Newton responded to Charlotte Observer sports reporter Jourdan Rodrigue with dismissive and sexist remarks when she asked him a question about routes. The video of the exchange made the rounds on social media and Newton easily found himself in the middle of a sexism and misogyny firestorm. According to the L.A. Times, Newton has “expressed regret,” but Rodrigue said that Newton has not given her an apology at all and that his comments were “much worse” in the locker room. Meanwhile, an NFL spokesman has weighed in on the controversy as well.
Via L.A. Times:
NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said Wednesday night in a statement that Newton's comments “are just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalists who cover our league. They do not reflect the thinking of the league.” Drummond said the Panthers “strive as a department to make the environment for media comfortable for everyone covering the team.”
Meanwhile, Rodrigue released a statement through the Observer via email saying that Newton did not apologize when they spoke after the news conference. She said she “was dismayed by his response, which not only belittled me but countless other women before me and beside me who work in similar jobs. I sought Mr. Newton out as he left the locker room a few minutes later. He did not apologize for his comments.”
You can check out the VIDEO of Newton's controversial remarks to Rodrigue's question BELOW:
Cam Newton is being criticized for saying, “It's funny to hear a female talk about routes” during press conference. pic.twitter.com/e0zA7A3gJJ — Everything Georgia (@GAFollowers) October 4, 2017
Check out today's Top Stories here:
SOURCE: HelloBeautiful.com
Article Courtesy of HelloBeautiful
Picture Courtesy of Streeter Lecka, Getty Images, and HelloBeautiful
Tweet and Video Courtesy of Twitter and HelloBeautiful
Written by Mandy Pennington. Media by Tawnie Kozora.
Friends with a Music Major? You'll be okay.
There are many personality types and one of life's greatest struggles is finding a way to get along with all of them. When someone has different interests and passions than you, how do you relate to them? I am here to advise you on how to get along with an especially odd group: music majors.
People who have chosen to pursue a career in the unstable, unpredictable world of music are a rare breed. They have imaginative minds and lovable, scatterbrained personalities. They're the ones who are always running late but have so much to offer. They're the ones you love to be around because they radiate passion and ingenuity. There are many things you love about them but there are also many things that annoy you; here are some ways to get along with your best friend who happens to be a music nerd.
When you hear them singing in the shower, tell them they sound great. When they're practicing furiously and asking if you think they sound good, ignore their pitch issues and tell them they'll definitely be able to make a career out of it.
If that music major just so happens to be your roommate, please put up with the constant humming and the off-key guitar strumming. Everyone has their flaws.
When they can't decide what to wear for a recital and you don't see why it's so important… it's important. A recital is like a music major's prom. They look their best to perform their best. That's how it works, right?
When they're stressing about their upcoming ear training and sight-singing test, act like you sympathize even though you don't understand how it could possibly be so difficult.
When they're telling you what type of chord that train horn is or what note a siren is, don't hate them for being a know-it-all. Identifying a siren as a Bb is completely useless information, but admire their creativity and give them a pat on the back anyways.
When you want to hang out but they say “no, I need to practice”, don't roll your eyes. It's their livelihood on the line! The best thing you can do is sit in the practice room with them, eat your McChicken on the floor, and try to watch Netflix while they attempt to sing Handel and play Brahms.
When they're nerding out about music theory and the brilliance of tri-tones and how wonderful minor four chords are, tell them how annoying they're being. It's okay. Just be prepared for them to do the same to you when you rave about the Cubs or your biology paper. Listen to Debussy for hours even when you feel like jamming to the Chainsmokers, because they're studying for their music listening exam and they just need your support.
Above all, don't feel left out when you're hanging out with them and their fellow music majors. They may seem cliquey, but they just share a deep bond of love for the same thing. They will try to include you, so just nod and smile when you don't get them. Remember, you're a great friend for putting up with them and they love you for it. Though you may not understand what they're talking about half of the time, you secretly hate their original music, and you wish they'd realize they can't play the violin, you have a friend with immense passion and a big heart. In the end, they're worth it.
Author Esther Fleece shares her story of childhood trauma, abuse, and discusses how she found healing.
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments:
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The only man to be criminally charged in the San Bernardino terror attack has agreed to plead guilty to providing the high-powered rifles used to kill 14 people and injure nearly two dozen others and to plotting a mass killing with the gunman that they never carried out, court records say.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, admitted in a plea agreement released Tuesday that he bought the assault rifles used by Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, in the Dec. 2, 2015, attack at a public health agency. Farook and Malik were later killed in a gunfight with authorities.
Marquez also agreed to plead guilty to making false statements when he purchased the firearms used in the attack.
Prosecutors said Marquez acknowledged being a “straw buyer” when he purchased two AR-15 rifles from a sporting goods store that were used in the attack at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino. Prosecutors have said Marquez agreed to buy the weapons because the attackers feared Farook's Middle Eastern appearance might arouse suspicion. Prosecutors said there is no evidence Marquez participated in the San Bernardino massacre or had advance knowledge of it.
Marquez also admitted to plotting with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to massacre college students and gun down motorists on a gridlocked California freeway, though those attacks never occurred.
Federal officials said the duo had envisioned halting traffic on state Route 91 with explosives and then firing at trapped motorists, or tossing pipe bombs into a crowded cafeteria at Riverside City College.
Marquez said he backed out of the plot after four men in the area about 60 miles inland from Los Angeles were arrested on terrorism charges in late 2012, the FBI has said in court documents.
“While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center,” U.S. Attorney Eileen M. Decker said Tuesday.
Marquez, who could face up to 25 years in prison, is scheduled to appear before a federal judge on Thursday. His attorney didn't immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, said the plea agreement brought mixed emotions.
“It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day,” the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. “I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it.”
She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets.
“It is what it is,” she said. “Nothing's going to bring him back.”
Marquez and Farook first met in 2005 after Marquez moved next door to Farook's family in Riverside, about 55 miles east of downtown Los Angeles, officials said. The then-teens would meet in Farook's garage and Farook, a Muslim, began educating his new friend about his religion. Marquez converted and became a Muslim in 2007.
The FBI said the two began discussing extremist views shortly after Marquez converted. By late 2011, Marquez spent most of his time at Farook's home, where he read Inspire magazine, an official publication of al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula; watched videos produced by al-Qaida's affiliate in Somalia; and studied radical material online, federal officials said.
SINGAPORE--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Step into the latest crown jewel of Clarke Quay's entertainment and nightlife district, VLV Singapore, for a night of sublime pleasures -- from electrifying dance music to exquisite gastronomical delights. Housed along the iconic Singapore River in the oldest historic conservation mansion dating back to the 1880s, VLV marries Asian hospitality with premium dining, entertainment and exciting nightlife concepts in four unique zones: the Courtyard, Restaurant, Club Lounge and Riverside Dining -- all under one roof.
Planned as an ideal destination getaway to experience Clarke Quay's historical nuances, VLV's setting of a once traditional home to a Southern-Chinese gambier trader inspires the Chinese-styled mansion, embedded with history, culture and soul. Flanked by over sprouting greenery, the entrance to VLV retains its strong roots to Chinese architecture with an open Courtyard concept. Here, guests can look forward to a relaxing alfresco dining with live band performances -- perfect for unwinding from the stresses of the day with a selection of bespoke cocktails and canapés.
Retaining its principal old-world oriental charm matched with modern sophistication on the inside, VLV's four-pointed pavilion effortlessly mirrors a balance of bilateral symmetry, arranged with symmetrical corridors spanning over a 20,000 square feet Club Lounge on level one. The two sides of the central axle of the club coined -- Fire and Water Court -- regulates a foray of natural lighting with an impressive open sky roof akin to a Roman Impluvium. Secondary elements are peaked on the wings, underlying the club's composition of an enduring flow of a stellar clubbing experience -- with international DJ Mass Ramli behind the decks. Choose from VLV's exclusive selection of alcoholic delights, and take to the dance floor in high spirits.
Head past the club lounge and guests will find themselves in the lush dining areas of the Restaurant on level two. Amidst the grandeur of the restaurant, guests will enjoy a modern Chinese cuisine re-imagined by Executive Head Chef Martin Foo. Here you can find dishes such as Chairman's Crab, a mouth-watering signature dish featuring the freshest succulent crab, served with fish roe topped with bonito flakes. For maximum delight, order Chef Martin's specialty dish -- the VLV Peking Duck with a choice of Goma Hoisin or Truffle Foie Gras sauce. Paintings and mosaics are also commonplace, and many examples of these have been preserved in VLV today, amplifying the venue as the perfect combination to host communal dinner parties and private banquets.
VLV Riverside -- an alfresco dining venue offering a variety of live seafood will soon be launched.
Dolores Au -- CEO, VLV Singapore, commented, "VLV's entertainment and dining concepts matched with a pristine setting will bring guests to experience an abode of comfort, intimacy and space. Our guests will enjoy the multi-entertainment offerings, complemented with bespoke art accessories designed to encapsulate more than just the old-world charm of the venue. An example of tradition and modern sophistication co-existing, we pride ourselves on a modern take on the world stage -- positioning ourselves as a destination of choices in itself."
Encompassing a total guest experience from the first encounter till the last, VLV captures the totality of a day to night experience, bringing travellers and locals alike under one interconnected mix of unique culinary and entertainment offerings. Guests can now look forward to the warm welcome of the vibrant VLV. For more information, visit http://www.vlv.life/
Price stepped down as girls' basketball coach earlier this month after eight seasons and 10 wins shy of the Tigerettes' alltime wins record. That was roughly the same time frame E.J. Wood resigned as baseball coach to take a position in the Wilson County Schools central office.
The 49-year-old Price is no stranger to the diamond, having served on Wood's staff and as head coach at Watertown Middle before his wife, Kayla, became principal last year. He became pitching coach of the Purple Tigers this spring after Nathan Holcomb moved to take the same position under Mark Purvis at Mt. Juliet.
He pitched as a freshman at Trevecca Nazarene in the spring of 1987 before a pre-existing arm injury became too painful to endure. Price uses a different arm slot to throw batting practice now.
The decision to leave basketball was a family matter with the oldest son Seth playing baseball at Lindsey Wilson College and middle son Heath, entering his senior year at WHS, a college football prospect.
“In my heart, I decided I had done I could do with basketball,” said Price, who coached the Tigerettes to a District 8-A championship and is the first girls' coach to leave with a career winning record since 1950. He said leaving hoops will leave the holiday season, the busiest time of year in basketball, open to spend time with family. He's also anticipating watching Heath play football in college late in the season, either in a playoff or bowl game.
“I want to go to that,” Price said. “I don't want to miss it.”
The Purple Tigers lost four seniors from the recently-completed 7-20 baseball season with six or seven regulars, depending on who's pitching, returning.
“I'm excited about the new job,” Price said. “If we can come in and get after it, we'll be all right. I'm excited about what we got coming back.”
Price will also be the second coach to lead the Tigers in their on-campus facility which opened in the fall of 2014. Previous to the new school, Watertown played in the city-owned Three Forks Park since reviving the sport in 1988 following a five-decade hiatus.
“It's a beautiful facility,” Price said of the home of the Tigers. “A beautiful place to watch a game and play a game. All the things are in place to be successful.”
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud Pause
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
1:14 Idaho QB Matt Linehan apologizes for postgame comments directed at President Staben
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...'
5:14 Bogus Basin's 75th anniversary kickoff party
1:50 Brundage Mountain uses fireworks, torchlight parade to celebrate New Year's
3:06 Boise day shelter provides meals, clothing and much more
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
The Scottish government has approved on appeal LE20's Howpark Farmhouse wind farm, which will be located in the Borders region of Scotland.
The eight-turbine wind farm, which will be located between the 28MW each Drone Hill and Penmanshiel projects, had been rejected by Scottish Borders Council.
Related Stories UK savours renewables record
29 Mar 2018
RES Scots appeal blown away
27 Feb 2018 The council argued that there were already too many wind turbines in the immediate area.
However, the reporter appointed by the government to assess the appeal concluded that Howpark Farmhouse “would not add significantly to the landscape effect of the Drone-Penmanshiel cluster”.
Image: Pixabay
Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
How Boise police respond to hate crimes
1:54
Michael Thomas/ Getty Images Missouri Governor Eric Greitens addresses a crowd on February 22, 2017 in University City, Missouri.
Michael Thomas/ Getty Images Missouri Governor Eric Greitens addresses a crowd on February 22, 2017 in University City, Missouri.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. - A judge is scheduled to hold a hearing on a request from attorneys for Gov. Eric Greitens to disqualify St. Louis prosecutors from a felony case involving the governor's use of a charity donor list for his 2016 political campaign.
A felony charged was filed on Friday that accused Greitens of disclosing the donor list from The Mission Continues without permission from the charity.
During a hearing on Monday, defense attorneys did not say on what grounds they would seek to disqualify prosecutors.
Judge Rex Burlison agreed to hold a hearing on the request on Tuesday.
An affordable 100-unit apartment complex proposed near Milpitas' almost-done BART station cleared a key hurdle last week.
The Planning Commission endorsed the project on a 5-0 vote with Demetress Morris abstaining and Zehy Mohsin absent.
The development now will have to be approved by the City Council at a future meeting before construction can begin. It is proposed by Resources for Community Development, a nonprofit Berkeley-based affordable housing developer.
It would be built on a 1.26-acre plot at 355 Sango Court where a light industrial building currently stands, within a half-mile of the Montague BART station and the Valley Transportation Authority light rail station at Montague Expressway and Capitol Avenue.
The site is within Milpitas' Transit Area Specific Plan, a 437-acre area where more than 7,000 housing units are being built or are planned, along with nearly 1 million square feet of office and industrial park space and nearly 300,000 square feet of retail space.
The project calls for 100 to 102 apartments in a range of sizes and floor plans, all of which would be affordable to either extremely-low, very-low or low-income tenants, with the exception of a single manager's unit, according to a city staff report.
The developer is requesting a density bonus from the city to build more than the maximum 75 apartment units allowed for the area. In addition, the developer is seeking waivers and concessions to provide fewer parking spaces than otherwise required, avoid upgrading storm water lines and forego creating private open space for each unit, such as a balcony.
Planning staff told commissioners the waivers and concessions are recommended because the project meets local and state thresholds for needed affordable housing.
Some commissioners said they were concerned that only 57 parking spaces, including five guest spots, would be offered compared to the minimum of 128 required for a standard development in the city.
Because the “development consists solely of rental units with an affordable housing cost to lower income families” and is located within half a mile of a major transit station, it can have a parking ratio of one-half space per unit, the staff report said.
Commissioner Ray Maglalang said he's worried the dearth of parking spaces could result in another situation like one where residents who live nearby a cluster of apartments says they find themselves with inadequate street parking.
Baker Lyon, the project manager for developer Resources for Community Development, said 23 of the units would be studios available to tenants who earn $31,920 a year for the entire household and 40 would be one-bedroom units for those earning $71,820 a year.
Twenty-seven apartments would be two-bedroom units for households earning up to $86,220 a year and 12 would be three-bedroom units for those earning $99,000 each year.
Lyon said 20 of the units would be reserved for veterans and 20 for those with special needs, such as recently homeless people, seniors or people with disabilities.
Commissioner Morris abstained from from voting because she wanted to see a designated drop-off and pick-up area for ride-hailing services such as Lyft and Uber. She also wanted current Milpitas residents who meet the income requirements to be “first in line” for the new complex.
If the project is approved, Lyon told commissioners he expects construction to begin by March 2020 and completion by September 2021.
STORRS, Conn. — UConn's top three scorers hit just 14 of their 41 shots and the Huskies turned the ball over 15 times against winless Coppin State.
But Connecticut held on to win 72-59 on Saturday, behind 15 points from Jalen Adams, 14 from Terry Larrier and 13 from Christian Vital.
“We're not going to be sorry for winning the game,” said Vital. “Would we like to have won the game in a better fashion? Absolutely. But that's why it's a long season. We're student-athletes and we're going to try and learn from this.”
UConn (7-3) dominated in the paint, outscoring Coppin State 26-16, outrebounded the Eagles 50-26, including 21-5 on the offensive glass, and getting 21 second-chance points to just seven for their opponents from Baltimore.
Lamar Morgan scored a career-high 30 points to lead Coppin State (0-10). Morgan, a junior college transfer, came into the game averaging just 5 points, but hit eight of his 12 shots, including seven of 11 from 3-point range. Morgan's previous season high was eight points.
“He's shown it in preseason; he's shown it in practice,” said Juan Dixon, the former Maryland star who is in his first season coaching Coppin State. “It's just a matter of Lamar getting comfortable.”
The entire Coppin State team seemed comfortable early. KeAndre Fair opened the game with a 3-pointer and the Eagles scored the game's first eight points.
UConn didn't take its first lead until midway through the first half, 16-14 on a leaner in the lane by David Onuorah.
Consecutive baskets by Isaiah Whaley sparked the Huskies to a 12-0 run that broke a 20-20 tie.
Led by Morgan, Coppin State scored 11 of the final 15 points of the first half and trailed just 36-31 at the break.
The Huskies turned up their pressing defence and stretched the lead to 40-31 early in the second half, then held off the Eagles the rest of the way.
“We can't allow a lot of guys to get their career highs against us and that's the third game in a row that some guy's got their career high,” said UConn coach Kevin Ollie. “A guy coming in here averaging 5 points and gets 30? That's something we want to take pride in and we have to cut that out.”
THE BIG PICTURE
UConn: The game was played in the first snowstorm of the season, making it hard for fans to make the trek to campus. As a result, the school decided to give free admission to students. The official attendance was just over 3,000, the second straight game at Gampel Pavilion that has drawn fewer than 4,000 fans.
Coppin State: Coppin State's buses did not arrive at Gampel until after 1 p.m. because of the snow. The game was a homecoming for Coppin State's Fair and Jordan Hardwick. The 6-foot-7 Hardwick is from Wethersfield and played at Springfield Commonwealth Academy. Fair was a star at Hartford's Weaver High School.
A GOOD LOSS?
Coppin State's 74-71 overtime loss to Central Connecticut in November was the only game in which the Eagles have lost by fewer points. The team's average margin of defeat coming into this game was 24 points. They had dropped games by 43 points to both Cincinnati and Ohio University.
“I told them in the locker room, it's not about wins and losses right now,” said Dixon. “We're building a culture. We're building habits. If we continue to play with that kind of effort; we stay together, we share the basketball, we're going to be a very good team come March.”
HOME COURT ADVANTAGE
The win keeps UConn undefeated at home. The Huskies are 3-0 at Gampel Pavilion and 3-0 at the XL Center in Hartford. But all those wins came against mid-major teams. The Huskies next home game comes on Dec. 30, when they open their conference schedule against Wichita State.
UP NEXT
Coppin State: The Eagles head back to Baltimore to play at UMBC on Tuesday.
UConn: The Huskies have a 12-day break for exams before hitting the road for games on Dec. 21 at Arizona and Dec. 23 at Auburn.
Photo by Pete Vernon
At times it feels like Donald Trump has always been with us. Nearly four decades of coverage have made him a ubiquitous presence in the gossip pages and on magazine covers. With journalists understandably focused on the daily deluge of news from the Trump White House, we thought it might be helpful to put together a list of readings that provide windows into the life and times of the man in the Oval Office.
Unsurprisingly, given his testy relationship with the press, the profiles and investigative pieces on the list range from skeptical to outright hostile. But despite being burned time and again, Trump seems addicted to the limelight that comes with attention from the media. From Wayne Barrett's early investigations into a little-known, Queens-born developer to Maggie Haberman's look at Trump's life in the White House, the president has welcomed journalists into his life in ways few politicians ever have.
The profiles reveal an enduring interest in politics—by the late 1980s, Trump was floating the idea of running for president—and a fixation on a few issues, namely trade and crime, that would later become centerpieces of his campaign. With up to 204 weeks left in his term, you should have plenty of time to get through the 22 readings listed below. So pop open a browser tab or head to your local book store. Here is CJR's recommended reading on Donald Trump:
BOOKS:
Trump: The Greatest Show on Earth: The Deals, The Downfall, The Reinvention by Wayne Barrett
In 1978, the legendary investigative reporter Barrett first began covering “a 32-year-old, little known developer who had yet to build his first project.” Barrett's cover story for The Village Voice launched an obsession that cast him as the dean of Trump-watchers until his death on January 19, one day before his long-time subject was sworn in as the nation's 45th president. Originally published in 1992 as Trump: The Deals and the Downfall, the book was updated and reissued in August 2016.
The Making of Donald Trump by David Cay Johnston
Johnston, a Pulitzer Prize winning investigative journalist, first met Trump in Atlantic City during the summer of 1988. He described the future president as “a modern P.T. Barnum,” and, over the course of nearly three decades, chronicled Trump's business dealings and personal proclivities for The Philadelphia Inquirer and The New York Times. Also published in August 2016, The Making of Donald Trump offers a scathing look at the president's “lifelong entanglements with a major cocaine trafficker, with mobsters and many mob associates, with con artists and swindlers.”
The Trumps: Three Generations of Builders and a President by Gwenda Blair
Author and journalist Gwenda Blair traces the history of Trump's forebears, from grandfather Friedrich Drumpf's immigration from Germany, to father Fred's creation of a real estate empire, to The Donald's romantic entanglements and financial rises and falls. First published in 2000, Blair has added a new preface attempting to tie the characteristics she observed in Trump in the 20th century to the unexpected political success he's achieved over the past 20 months.
Trump: The Art of the Deal by Donald J. Trump and Tony Schwartz
Trump's 1987 best-seller combines standard autobiography with business advice. On the campaign trail, he called it his second-favorite book (after the Bible). Credited co-author Tony Schwartz emerged as a fierce critic of Trump the candidate, and claimed that Trump did no writing at all on the project. It's in this book that Trump coined the phrase “truthful hyperbole,” which he defines as “an innocent form of exaggeration—and a very effective form of promotion.”
RELATED: Donald and Melania Trump's relationship through a lens
MAGAZINE AND NEWSPAPER FEATURES:
The Expanding Empire of Donald Trump by William Geist, The New York Times Magazine, April 8, 1984
“Donald J. Trump is the man of the hour,” writes Geist in this profile that follows Trump from architectural meetings to hotel ballrooms, where he is hailed by the likes of late Yankees owner George Steinbrenner and then-NYC Mayor Ed Koch. “Spending a day with Donald Trump is like driving a Ferrari without the windshield,” Geist says. “It's exhilarating; he gets a few bugs in his teeth.”
Donald Trump Gets What He Wants by Graydon Carter, GQ, May 1, 1984
The seeds of future battles are planted throughout the first story that Graydon Carter wrote on Trump. “Hands small and neatly groomed;” “striver from an outer borough;” “a half-block-long Cadillac stretch limo with ‘DJT' vanity plates.” Many of the insults that would come to mark Carter's running feud with Trump—now the stuff of New York media legend—appear, in veiled form, in this article.
The last time Trump got this much attention, it was 1987 and he was on the cover of Newsweek http://t.co/g6ngkJwrTB pic.twitter.com/PjCRIDYcUH — Newsweek (@Newsweek) July 30, 2015
Citizen Trump by Bill Powell and Peter McKillop, Newsweek, September 28, 1987
“Donald John Trump—real-estate developer, casino operator, corporate raider and perhaps future politician—is a symbol of an era,” Powell and McKillop write. “For better or worse, in the 1980s it is OK to be fiercely ambitious, staggeringly rich and utterly at ease in bragging about it.” The Newsweek cover story catches Trump near the height of his 1980s celebrity status, riding in helicopters with boxing promoter Don King, taking out full-page ads criticizing US foreign policy, and feuding publicly with Mayor Koch.
Playboy Interview: Donald Trump by Glenn Plaskin, Playboy, March 1990
In perhaps the most revealing interview he's ever given, Playboy finds Trump just before his fall, “young, blond and a billionaire.” After nodding to rumors that Trump will buy Tiffany's, NBC, the New York Daily News or the Waldorf Hotel, Plaskin writes (jokingly), “And the Presidency? No, that takes an election, and it is clear that Trump is not that patient. Too much to do!” As for the interview itself, here's an answer that wouldn't look out of place on the campaign trail 26 years later: “I hate seeing this country go to hell. We're laughed at by the rest of the world. In order to bring law and order back into our cities, we need the death penalty and authority given back to the police.”
Trump: The Fall by Newsweek Staff, Newsweek, June 17, 1990
“For a high-rolling decade, Donald Trump was the King of Glitz…Like a modern-day Gatsby, he lived as lavishly as he spent,” Newsweek reporters write in this profile of Trump's financial downfall. The piece catches Trump in the midst of his attempts to negotiate his reported $3.2 billion debt load, all while his marriage to first wife Ivana was falling apart. Even if he succeeded in holding onto his empire, they wrote, “the Trump ‘mystique' may never recover.”
Trump Solo by Mark Singer, New Yorker, May 19, 1997
Singer visited Trump as the real estate mogul's second marriage was dissolving, but whose financial comeback was already underway. He found a man defiant and boastful, happy to engage in the sort of “truthful hyperbole” (or, in some cases, outright fantasy) that Trump had described in Art of the Deal. Towards the end of the article, Singer judges Trump as having “aspired to and achieved the ultimate luxury, an existence unmolested by the rumbling of a soul.”
The Art of the Donald: The Trumpster Stages the Comeback of a Lifetime by Mark Bowden, Playboy, May 1997
Bowden finds Trump in the midst of his comeback, but brings readers to that redemption only after explaining how it all went wrong in the early 1990s. By the time of the article, “Donald has discovered what all celebrities eventually find. If you're doing well, there's nothing written about you that can hurt you. And if you're doing poorly, there's nothing written about you that can help.”
Donald Trump: How I'd Run the Country (Better) as told to Cal Fussman, Esquire, August 2004
Back in the public eye as host of The Apprentice, Trump got an Esquire cover story. Though the Iraq war began more than a year before this interview ran, Trump has often pointed to it as evidence that he had been against the war from the start. “My life is seeing everything in terms of ‘How would I handle that?'” Trump told Fussman. “Look at the war in Iraq and the mess that we're in. I would never have handled it that way.”
36 Hours on the Fake Campaign Trail with Donald Trump by McKay Coppins, BuzzFeed, February 13, 2014
Three years ago, McKay Coppins spent a couple days riding in chauffeured SUVs, on a private flight, and sleeping at Mar-a-Lago as Trump toyed with the idea of running for governor of New York. Coppins, who Trump would later call “a dishonest slob” and a “slimebag reporter,” got the sort of access journalists today can only dream of. In hindsight, his conclusions read like a dare: “Trump very badly wants to be taken seriously as a potential political candidate and not be written off as a man-boy who cried wolf. But, at the same time, he plainly has no interest in actually running for office.”
Brilliant read from BuzzFeed US: "36 Hours On The Fake Campaign Trail With Donald Trump" by @mckaycoppins. http://t.co/hYE2xiZdMg — Jim Waterson (@jimwaterson) February 16, 2014
Donald Trump and the Central Park Five by Amy Davidson, New Yorker, June 23, 2014
In one of the darkest moments of Trump's early forays into politics, he took out a full-page ad in The New York Daily News calling for the state to bring back the death penalty for the teenagers known as the Central Park Five. The boys were convicted after providing coerced confessions, and were finally exonerated in 2002 when DNA evidence proved that another man had been responsible for the attack and rape at the center of the case. That wasn't enough for Trump, who called the city's 2014 settlement with the Central Park Five “a disgrace.”
Trump's War on “Losers”: The Early Years by Bruce Feirstein, Vanity Fair, August 12, 2015
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Spy magazine delighted in sticking pins in the ballooning image of Donald Trump. Editors Graydon Carter and Kurt Andersen coined the moniker “short-fingered vulgarian,” which reappeared on the campaign trail in memorable fashion. Feirstein, a contributing editor at Spy, remembers, “we fact-checked his books and his finances (with predictable results), trolled him by sending miniscule checks—as low as 13 cents—to see if he'd cash them (he did), and wrote up his all-but-forgotten business debacles…And yet, none of it stuck.”
Donald Trump Is Not Going Anywhere by Mark Leibovich, The New York Times Magazine, September 29, 2015
‘‘I've had much more than 15 minutes of fame, that's for sure,'' Trump tells Leibovich in this profile, written in the early fall of 2015, as Trump stubbornly held to his lead in the crowded Republican primary field. In one revealing passage, Leibovitch writes: “I asked whether he had ever experienced self-doubt. The question seemed to catch Trump off guard, and he flashed a split second of, if not vulnerability, maybe non­swagger. ‘Yes, I think more than people would think,' he told me. When? ‘I don't want to talk about it.'”
Trumpology: A Master Class, Politico Magazine, May/June 2016
Susan Glaser and Michael Kruse brought together five Trump biographers for a roundtable discussion of precious source material for those eager to explain Trump's surge toward the GOP nomination. It's vital reading for those interested in background on the man who would be president. Politico reconvened the panel several times, most recently in the days before Trump's inauguration.
Donald Trump's Ghostwriter Tells All by Jane Mayer, New Yorker, July 25, 2016
In the mid-1980s journalist Tony Schwartz spent 18 months with Donald Trump, getting to know the man and his ideas in order to ghostwrite what would become the international best-selling Art of the Deal. After Trump announced his candidacy and emerged as a front-runner, Schwartz emerged as a fierce critic of his former subject, telling Mayer, “I genuinely believe that if Trump wins and gets the nuclear codes there is an excellent possibility it will lead to the end of civilization.”
The Choice 2016, Frontline, September 27, 2016
Frontline's excellent look at the shaping of candidates Trump and Clinton examines the experiences that brought each of them to the verge of the White House. The documentary looks at Trump's difficult, if privileged, childhood, meteoric rise to the heights of New York celebrity, and flirtations with running for office. It theorizes that, ultimately, Trump was spurred on by an uncomfortable evening at the White House Correspondents Association dinner.
Trump boasts about his philanthropy. But his giving falls short of his words. By David Fahrenthold, The Washington Post, October 29, 2016
David Fahrenthold and his trusty notepad were the media darlings of the 2016 campaign. Starting with a simple question about whether Trump had actually donated the money he promised to veterans' groups, Fahrenthold embarked on a reportorial odyssey in search of evidence of Trump's giving. In this piece, published just before the election, he explains his process and his findings regarding the “ardent philanthropist.”
Donald Trump: The Ugly American by Graydon Carter, Vanity Fair, November 2016
No one does imperious disdain quite like Carter. The Vanity Fair editor traces his relationship with the man who was days away from being elected president from their first meeting in 1983 through encounters at the White House Correspondents Association dinner to the insult that appears on the menus of Carter's Greenwich Village restaurant (“Waverly Inn—the worst food in city.”)
Graydon Carter alleges Trump bought copies of his own GQ profile to keep people from reading it: https://t.co/9JVm9rKoGs pic.twitter.com/sBVRcQk7q1 — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) October 4, 2016
A Homebody Finds the Ultimate Home Office by Maggie Haberman, The New York Times, January 25, 2017
Cable television, Lay's potato chips, and “beautiful phones.” These are a few of the things Donald Trump enjoyed during his first week in the White House. Despite an oft-repeated aversion to the “failing” New York Times, Trump got on the phone with Maggie Haberman to discuss his adjustments to the new digs.
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Pete Vernon is a CJR Delacorte Fellow. Follow him on Twitter @ByPeteVernon.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
By Radio.com Staff
Mariah Carey's manager, Stella Bulochnikov, blasted Dick Clark Productions over her client's botched performance on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve broadcast earlier this week.
Related: Mariah Carey Shades Ariana Grande, Demi Lovato
In a statement to Billboard, Bulochnikov said that Carey's in-ear monitors weren't working ten minutes before the performance. “They then changed the battery pack, and they were still not working on the frequency four minutes before the show. We let them know again, and they just kept counting her down and reassuring her that they will work as soon as they go live, which never happened — at which point she pulled them out but could not hear the music over the crowd.”
Bulochnikov added, “After the show, I called [Dick Clark Productions'] Mark Shimmel and I said, ‘What the f— happened?' He said, ‘Let me call you back,' then called me back and confirmed the in-ear [monitor]s were not working and asked if I would make a joint statement. I said, ‘No way.' I asked him to cut the West Coast feed. He said he could not do that. I asked him why would they want to run a performance with mechanical glitches unless they just want eyeballs at any expense … It's not artist friendly, especially when the artist cut her vacation short as a New Year's Eve gift to them.”
Dick Clark Productions released its own statement, saying that the flub wasn't their fault. “In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television, however, an initial investigation has indicated that dcp had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance. We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge her tremendous accomplishments in the industry.”
Carey has since addressed the flub with a humorous tweet, saying “S— happens.”
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — Books filled the Greenville Convention Center for the Friends of the Sheppard Memorial Library annual book sale.
This tradition has been going on since 1991.
The sale began on Friday and runs until tomorrow (2/4).
Proceeds go to the Friends of the Library and shared with the library when needed.
The most recent funded project is the new Pitt County book mobile.
“This is a wonderful event because it provides funds for the library,” said co-chairman of the book sale, Dick Wolfe. “It provides an outlet for people to donate things to the library. It provides the general public with a wonderful opportunity to buy great books at greatly reduced prices.”
Any kind of books are being sold. 90 percent of the books were donated and sell for prices such as one, two, or three dollars. Sunday will conclude the sale, with a full bag of books going for five dollars.
A car plowed into a crowd of peaceful counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Aug. 12, 2017, killing at least one person and wounding dozens others. Earlier, hundreds of white nationalists and counter-protesters chanted, threw punches, hurled water bottles and unleashed chemical sprays on each other. Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency. The rally had been planned to protest Charlottesville's decision to remove a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee from a downtown park. One night earlier, fights broke out when hundreds of white nationalists marched through the University of Virginia campus carrying torches.
A white nationalist rally turned violent in Charlottesville, Virginia on Aug. 12.
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out […]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of […]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For a quarter century, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved […]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear […]
The Problem With America's New Streetcars
One of the hallmarks of federal transportation funding during the Obama administration was a new willingness to support streetcar projects. With the first wave of these projects now in service, their shortcomings are becoming more apparent.
A report published earlier this year in the Journal of Transport Geography sheds light on the limits of these streetcars: They were always intended mainly to spur real estate investment, not to address urban mobility needs. As author David King explains, streetcar backers were often more concerned about land development than the transportation system.
The new streetcar segments typically run a short distance — a few miles at most — in mixed traffic, and they aren't well-integrated into existing transit networks. So it should come as no surprise that ridership is often underwhelming.
On Detroit's QLINE streetcar, for example, ridership dropped 40 percent after M-1 Rail, the company that operates the 3.3-mile route, started charging a $1 fare last month. Passengers now take about 3,000 QLINE trips each day. A spokesperson for M-1 Rail told NextCity he “fully expected ridership to dip a little bit” once the fare took effect.
The primary benefits of streetcar projects were always intended to be related to development. King examined the official cost-benefit analyses that streetcar sponsors submitted to the Federal Transit Administration. About three-quarters of estimated benefits derived from economic development, not transportation-related improvements, he found.
Washington (AP) -- A watchdog report ordered in 2012 by Dr. Ronny Jackson — President Donald Trump's nominee to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs — found that he and a rival physician exhibited "unprofessional behaviors" as they engaged in a power struggle over the White House medical unit.
The report, reviewed Tuesday by The Associated Press, suggested the White House consider replacing Jackson or Dr. Jeffrey Kuhlman — or both. Kuhlman was the physician to President Barack Obama at the time, and had previously held the role occupied by Jackson: director of the White House Medical Unit.
The six-page report by the Navy's Medical Inspector General found a lack of trust in the leadership and low morale among staff members, who described the working environment as "being caught between parents going through a bitter divorce."
"There is a severe and pervasive lack of trust in the leadership that has deteriorated to the point that staff walk on 'eggshells,'" the report found.
Trump suggested Tuesday that Jackson might want to withdraw. Jackson has been hurt by the emergence of allegations about inappropriate workplace behavior, including over-prescribing prescription drugs and drinking on the job.
The inspector general report reviewed by The AP includes no references to improper prescribing or the use of alcohol.
According to the report, Jackson admitted he had failed to shield the White House medical unit from the leadership drama. He is quoted saying he was willing to do what was necessary to straighten out the command, even if it "meant finding a new position in Navy Medicine."
The report stated that the "vast majority" of those interviewed said Kuhlman had "irrevocably damaged his ability to effectively lead." It added that "many also believe that CAPT Jackson has exhibited poor leadership," but attributed those failures to the relationship with Kuhlman.
The report quoted unnamed members of the White House medical unit who, while participating in a focus group, used phrases like "Worst command ever," ''No one trusts anyone" and "The leaders are child-like."
Jackson was named Physician to the President in 2013, after Kuhlman left the unit entirely.
Trump said Tuesday he would stand behind Jackson, calling the White House doctor "one of the finest people that I have met." But he questioned why Jackson would want to put up with the scrutiny, which he characterized as unfair.
"I wouldn't do it," Trump said. "What does he need it for? What do you need this for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country?"
He said Jackson would make a decision soon.
Trump spoke at a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron shortly after the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee announced that Jackson's confirmation hearing, scheduled for Wednesday, would be postponed indefinitely while senators looked into the allegations.
The committee chairman, Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., and the top Democrat on the committee, Sen. Jon Tester of Montana, said, "We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review."
Asked if Jackson's nomination is still viable, Isakson responded, "We'll see."
The two lawmakers sent a letter to Trump on Tuesday requesting additional information about Jackson, who has served as a White House physician since 2006. It demands any communication between the Pentagon and the White House for the last 12 years regarding "allegations or incidents" involving him.
Allegations began surfacing late last week involving Jackson's workplace practices, including claims of inappropriate behavior and over-prescribing prescription drugs, according to two aides granted anonymity to discuss the situation. The complaints the White House heard include that he oversaw a poor work environment and that he had drunk alcohol on the job, according to an administration official who demanded anonymity to speak on a sensitive personnel matter.
A doomed nomination would be a political blow to the White House, which has faced criticism for sloppy vetting of Cabinet nominees and tough confirmation battles in a Senate where Republicans hold a slim 51-49 majority. Prior to Jackson's nomination, Trump had told aides and outside advisers that he was fond of Jackson personally and was said to be particularly impressed with Jackson's performance at the White House press room podium in January, when he offered a glowing report on the president's physical and mental well-being.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said the American people were the losers in a shaky nomination effort. The Trump Cabinet, he said, "is turning into a sad game of musical chairs."
Trump selected Jackson to head the VA last month after firing former Obama administration official David Shulkin following an ethics scandal and mounting rebellion within the agency. But Jackson has faced numerous questions from Republican and Democratic lawmakers as well as veterans groups about whether he has the experience to manage the massive department of 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans.
___
Associated Press writers Hope Yen, Lisa Mascaro, Catherine Lucey, Alan Fram and Matthew Daly contributed to this report.
Sulu blood drive successful
SULU – The Sulu Provincial Women's Council or SPWC successfully conducted a blood drive in coordination with the Philippine National Red Cross or PNRC in the southern province of Sulu.
SPWC President Shihla Hayudini said the Valentine's Day event was participated by at least 80 organizations, including police and military, in an effort to raise health awareness and help the PNRC in collecting blood.
Former Sulu Governor Dr Sakur Tan (Datu Shah Bandar) also donated blood during the event.
PNRC Administrator Preciosa Chiong also praised the SPWC leadership and its members, including Governor Toto Tan and Vice Governor Nurinisah Tan for their unwavering support to the event.
She said the donated blood will be used for medical emergencies and she thanked the donors for their commitment and help in the blood drive. (Ahl-franzie Salinas)
Like Us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/mindanaoexaminer
Follow Us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/MindanaoExamine
Read Our News on: http://www.mindanaoexaminer.com /http://mindanaoexaminernewspaper.blogspot.com/
Share Our News
Digital Archives: issuu.com/mindanaoexaminernewspaper
368 total views, 368 views today
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Angela Merkel leads Europe's fight for liberal values
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
WINNIPEG – The latest acreage report by Statistics Canada failed to surprise most investors in the canola market, however it still could leave futures looking overpriced, according to a trader.
“It certainly is a negative number,” said Ken Ball, of PI Financial in Winnipeg, referring to the agency's estimate for canola.
Statistics Canada pegged acreage in 2018/19 at 22.7 million acres, up significantly from the March estimate of 21.4 million. Canadian farmers seeded 23 million acres in 2017.
Most participants expected a jump though so the number itself wasn't much of a surprise. Still, it comes in the wake of a sharp drop down by U.S. soybeans which have lost well over US$1.50 since late May.
ADVERTISEMENT
“It (canola) is certainly higher priced compared to the other U.S. markets,” he added. “Leaving it vulnerable to the downside.”
Still, others thought canola acreage would be much higher.
“We thought there were more canola acres out there,” said Neil Townsend of FarmLink Marketing Solutions in Winnipeg. The advisory group pegged acreage 23.4 million.
He added StatsCan's durum forecast also came as a surprise. The agency forecast durum at 6.2 million acres. That compares to last year's total of 5.2 million acres.
“We thought it would be much lower than that,” he said, adding their estimate was closer to 5.5 million.
One of the other crops to see its acreage cut in the report was flax. StatsCan predicted just 885,000 acres would be grown in the coming year, down from over a million acres last year.
“Flax used to be a third of the acreage in Manitoba,” said Bill Craddock, a trader who also farms and owns an aerial spraying operation near Winnipeg.
As for canola, one analyst feels the market could be due for a significant move as early as next week.
ADVERTISEMENT
“There is something about the Canada Day time-frame,” said Mike Jubinville of ProFarmer Canada in Winnipeg.
“(After it's over) we tend to either abruptly change direction or accelerate the trend we were previously on,” he said.
The following table is a recap of Statistics Canada's acreage report as of
June 2018. Pre-report expectations are provided for comparison purposes. Figures are in a million acres.
Photo: Erik Weiss
By Hayden Wright
Last night (March 18), Liam Gallagher cut his performance at Lollapalooza Chile short because of a severe chest infection — but The Killers picked up slack from the former Oasis frontman's setlist by performing the indelible hit “Wonderwall,” giving fans a taste of what they missed.
Related: Oasis' Liam Gallagher Blames Brother Noel's Wife for Keeping Band Apart
Singer Brandon Flowers explained that the performance was meant as a tribute to his “king” Liam.
“We heard you missed out on a couple of songs today that you wanted to hear,” Flowers told the crowd. “This is in no way meant to disparage anything [Liam] did… but any night that ‘Wonderwall' is being sung by a lot of people is a good thing.”
During his Lollapalooza Chile set, Gallagher announced, “My voice is absolutely smashed. I'm not just going to stand here all night screaming out for everybody sounding f—— horrific… I'm very sorry I can't sing the tunes.”
See The Killer's tribute to Oasis here.
Raised in a renowned politically conservative household, Tatiana Clouthier is the unexpected force behind the leftist third-time presidential candidate. Can she finally push him over the finish line?
MONTERREY, Mexico — Tatiana Clouthier still had 264 characters left to fill on Twitter after she was done eviscerating her boss's rival. “Who do you propose?” she responded to José Antonio Meade, a candidate in Mexico's upcoming election, after he tweeted that the country needs a “serious president.” His reply — “Me myself” — became a meme, turning Meade into the digital laughingstock du jour, and Clouthier, campaign manager for the presidential frontrunner, Andrés Manuel López Obrador, into a social media darling. An assertive but measured woman from business-friendly Northern Mexico, Clouthier was an unlikely but strategic choice for López Obrador, a 64-year-old leftie known for his repeated angry outbursts and tired populist rhetoric after two failed attempts at the presidency. Clouthier has injected wit and lightness into López Obrador's movement. Without her, “the campaign would be stale,” said Gilberto Miranda, a political expert who meets with Clouthier informally on Saturdays to brainstorm campaign ideas. “It would be the same old campaign.” Instead, Clouthier has drawn a fresh, young fanbase that is highly receptive to quick and cutting comebacks — a drastic change from López Obrador's long, pensive pauses between words and sentences. “Jajajaj @tatclouthier is a SAVAGE !! TEN,” journalist Javier Risco tweeted after her response to Meade. Clouthier, 53, responded with a photograph of herself, a sunglasses emoji over her eyes.
@jrisco
Her followers have dubbed her the Queen of Twitter and even asked her to be the candidate, instead of López Obrador. At the very least, “Tatiana, you be the candidate in 2024,” wrote one Twitter user. BuzzFeed News spent 12 hours exclusively with Clouthier over a period of two days earlier this month, during which she provided some of her most extensive comments to the press since taking over the front-runner's campaign. Her calm, direct, and playful influence over López Obrador has given him an advantage he lacked during his two previous campaigns — and may help push him over the finish line, at last.
Advertisement
Sitting in her no-frills living room on a recent Saturday morning, Clouthier waved off a question about her evolving politics. Until 2005, she was a member of the National Action Party, or PAN. Her father, Manuel Clouthier, was the PAN's presidential candidate in 1988. The conservative party ended the 71-year-long authoritarian grip of the Revolutionary Institutional Party, or PRI, in 2000, only to see it return to power in 2012. “The right and left no longer exist,” she said. Today, it's about “putting people front and center … and people are focusing more on personal stories.” López Obrador's political journey has raised flags both in Mexico and abroad following the recent rise of populists around the world — from the victory of Donald Trump in the US to the gains seen by Marine Le Pen in France, as well as the success of Brexit in the UK. Citing his threats of expropriations and disdain for the country's elite class, critics accuse López Obrador of having a messiah complex.
Drawing lessons from his previous presidential bids and tapping into these global fears, he toned down his socialist, intransigent rhetoric this year. He vowed to retreat to his ranch in Southern Mexico if he loses in July, quelling fears that he would wreak havoc on Mexico City like he did in 2006 after calling on protesters to shut down the main avenue for months. He has also attempted to calm concerns among some in the business community by promising a hands-off approach with the Central Bank. Last month, López Obrador told the crowd at a bankers convention in Acapulco, Guerrero State, that his government would not confiscate goods, a widespread fear in financial circles in Mexico. “Andrés Manuel has evolved,” said Clouthier. “The bankers, too, have understood that he doesn't eat children.” If elections were to take place this week, López Obrador would get 48% of the vote, according to a recent poll published by national newspaper Reforma. Part of his strength, the poll suggests, is his ability to confront Trump, whose bellicose attitude toward Mexico has soured relations between the two neighbors. On Sunday, during the first presidential debate, López Obrador called Trump a “show-off.” "Dialogue, dialogue, and more dialogue," said Clouthier about the US-Mexico relationship under a potential López Obrador administration. But pressed for details, she smiled and quietly pointed to her T-shirt: “Not your piñata.”
Advertisement
Originally from Sinaloa, in Northern Mexico, Clouthier moved to Mexico City to work as a legislator for the PAN in 1991 and then again in 2003. Even though she had left Culiacán, her hometown, when she was a teenager because her parents worried that she would be kidnapped by local thugs, Clouthier was terrified about living in the capital, known at the time for its sky-high crime rate. That's where she first came across López Obrador, who was then serving as mayor of Mexico City. “I knew him before I met him,” Clouthier said. She praised what she said was his ability to get crime rates down. Soon parks began filling with people. “I didn't understand why the people who criticized him would then go and copy his policies,” she added, referring to social assistance programs that were later adopted by the federal government. In 2006, a year after she had quit the PAN for, in her eyes, looking more and more like the PRI, mutual friends invited Clouthier and her family to a dinner party where López Obrador would be. Her mother declined the invitation; her husband went, begrudgingly. In walked “a prudent, simple man. My husband says he was taken by how restrained [López Obrador] was in his eating and drinking,” she said. “He was surprised to see a politician who let others talk.” The two hit it off. After a brief introduction, López Obrador asked Clouthier to join his presidential campaign. Though neither of them followed up, Clouthier says she “quietly” voted for him. They spoke again in mid-2010, and in 2012, she joined his second presidential campaign. In December, López Obrador invited Clouthier to his ranch in Chiapas, in Southern Mexico. “He wanted to show off the trees he had recently planted,” she said. During a walk around the property, López Obrador asked her to be his campaign manager. Clouthier says her biggest worry was the time she would miss with her children, living in her family's home in Monterrey. She spends several days a week traveling to Mexico City or touring parts of the country with López Obrador. When she's home, she says her days revolve around her family: She goes for morning runs, takes her son to school, attends meetings, and cooks and cleans her compact two-story, plainly decorated house.
Her children keep her centered, she says. “Oh, keeping up with ‘Aunt Tatis'!” her teenage daughter said with a dismissive laugh when Clouthier introduced her to a reporter while running a family errand on a recent Friday evening. (The nickname was coined by Clouthier's younger fans.) That day, Clouthier spoke to López Obrador on the phone three times. To reach him, she either calls his spokesperson or his wife. They never text each other. Despite pleas from her Twitter followers, Clouthier says she doesn't have presidential aspirations; she says she doesn't even want a high-profile position in López Obrador's administration because she wants to be near her husband, who is in remission from cancer. Many Mexicans, however, believe she will play a key role in López Obrador's cabinet if he wins. Her assertiveness and influence are far from the norm in Mexico, where politics remain male-dominated and machista. But Clouthier refuses to call herself a feminist, saying the term is outdated. For her, the task now is figuring out what to do with the gains women have won — it's no longer about carving out space for women in the workplace, for example, but about ensuring access to nurseries, places to breastfeed, and flexible schedules. When she's not on the road or preparing for TV and radio appearances, Clouthier goes door to door in a working-class neighborhood in Monterrey asking people to vote for López Obrador and handing them newspapers from Morena, the political party he founded in 2014. She is part of a strategy to soften voters in Northern Mexico, where less than 30% of López Obrador's votes came from during his last two presidential bids. This time, getting more support from the region, the wealthiest in Mexico, is fundamental. During a recent visit to Valle Verde, a neighborhood not far from her house, Gabriel Beltrán, a convenience store owner, told Clouthier he plans on voting for rightist populist Jaime Rodríguez Calderón, an independent candidate from Nuevo León, the state where Monterrey is located. “Think about it, you still have 70 days,” Clouthier told him with a smile. Beltrán stared at her for a few seconds, pensive. “I like and respect you. For you, maybe I'll change my mind,” he said.
It hasn't been an easy road. Women with high political aspirations in Mexico still pay a high price. Clouthier was heavily criticized after Mexican media published a photograph of her resting her hand on López Obrador's arm and her head on his shoulder, the two of them laughing, in January. “You must have so much accumulated rancor to not care what other women will think about you invading the personal space of whom you think will be president,” Javier Livas Cantú, a former member of the PAN, wrote in an open letter. The image, Clouthier said, was captured shortly after López Obrador announced her new position as his campaign manager at a public event. When Clouthier got off the stage and took her seat next to him, he whispered in her ear proudly: “You gave a speech as a candidate and I as your campaign manager.” Snap. The photograph hangs on a wall near her living room. She refused to respond to Livas Cantú. “It says more about him than it does about me,” she told BuzzFeed News. Clouthier has become a calming force for López Obrador, who is still reminded of his combative, intolerant speeches and interviews after his narrow loss in 2006's presidential election. After accusing the business community of financing a smear campaign and calling on supporters to occupy Avenida Reforma, Mexico City's most emblematic thoroughfare, he swore himself in as the “legitimate president of Mexico.” Clouthier speaks slowly, her voice even, her words carefully thought out. The tone she uses at home to address her husband — “love” — is almost identical to the one she uses during work events. But as the campaign has heated up, her signature serenity has already been tested. She recently joined Javier Lozano, one of Meade's spokespeople, for a roundtable with journalist Carmen Aristegui. With an authoritative tone, Lozano accused López Obrador of wanting to “forgive and forget” drug war criminals (the candidate floated the idea of an amnesty for cartel kingpins in December). Clouthier nervously shuffled the Post-its she had set on the table in front of her. “This isn't going very well for you,” he said, shaking his head disapprovingly. Smugly, Lozano pulled up López Obrador's proposal and read an excerpt out loud: “I do think that we should not forget, but we should forgive.” Suddenly, her confidence returned — Lozano had overplayed his hand. “One thing is to read and another is to comprehend. You sound like a functionally illiterate person,” Clouthier burst out. Clouthier's team later told her she had taken it too far, but she says she was feeling overwhelmed and needed to subdue him. “I hit him exactly where I needed to,” she said. • This story can be read in Spanish here.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Karla Zabludovsky is the Mexico bureau chief and Latin America correspondent for BuzzFeed News and is based in Mexico City. Contact Karla Zabludovsky at karla.zabludovsky@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
PETERSBURG, Alaska (AP) – Now that marijuana businesses are up and running in Alaska, a resident of a small town on Prince of Wales Island is hoping to get support from the town's voters to open up a pot business of his own.
KFSK-FM reports (http://bit.ly/2l64HuY) that Brian Wilson Jr. has submitted application materials to the state to start a cultivation business in Coffman Cove, but the process is on hold until the town's voters approve marijuana operations locally.
The matter has already been voted down once, but Wilson says he's looking to get another public vote this summer. He plans on educating voters about how the marijuana industry could benefit the town of about 200 people.
City Council members say only a handful of votes kept pot businesses from opening in Coffman Cove.
.After an outpouring of support for Superintendent Hilaria Bauer, the Alum Rock school board has reconsidered ousting her from her post while voting to terminate key contracts with its troubled contractor.
The move comes as frustrated parents urged the Santa Clara County district attorney to open a criminal investigation into leadership of the troubled district.
Late last week, parents Flor DeLeon Jacobo and Jeff Markham sent a letter to District Attorney Jeff Rosen on behalf of families in the school district asking his office to look into Alum Rock's relationship with Del Terra Real Estate Services, a firm hired to oversee a series of bond-funded construction projects at the district. The move to remove Bauer, the parents say, is a smokescreen to distract from mismanagement by the school board that oversees the district.
The pair also submitted a complaint to the state's Fair Political Practices Commission.
“We're hoping one of the two will pick it up,” Markham said.
Echoing a state audit released last year, the letter with a list of complaints raises questions about fraud, conflicts of interest and mismanagement of funds in the low-income district, which serves mostly children of color.
The letter alleges that the district, at the board's behest, has paid Del Terra millions of dollars over several years and received little in return. Several board members have received campaign donations from the company, and parents have voiced concern that the board awarded projects to Del Terra that should have gone to other firms and green lit questionable payments to the company.
But those concerns have largely fallen on deaf ears, with several members of the board blaming Bauer for any wrongdoing. On Tuesday evening, the board had been scheduled to discuss Bauer's dismissal, a move Markham and other parents dismissed as a political maneuver.
On Tuesday morning, parents, students and community groups held a press conference to protest the possible ousting of Bauer and urge the district to cut ties with Del Terra.
In a recent strongly worded letter to the board, San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo, who has little control over the city's schools but spoke at the conference, said he supports Bauer and is concerned about the allegations involving Del Terra.
“The board must address these concerns with the utmost urgency and transparency,” Liccardo said, “and any action to remove Dr. Bauer could only be interpreted as retribution and further deepen the rift between the board and the community.”
A spokesman for the district attorney's office said the office had received the letter of complaints and was reviewing it. The district attorney's office has been looking into Alum Rock for more than a year, but declined to say whether it's investigation into the beleaguered school district remains open.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Del Terra did not immediately return a request for comment.
Related Articles San Lorenzo: Student's tip leads to gun in backpack; teen arrested
Ash Kalra, Jim Beall call for audit of troubled Alum Rock school district
Milpitas High School music teacher charged with sexual battery
Brentwood students rally against transfer of teacher who knelt in protest
Pick for new Palo Alto High principal riles some parents “I for one would rather focus on the education of our kids,” board president Esau Herrera said Tuesday afternoon in response to a question about the complaint filed by DeLeon Jacobo and Markham. “Nothing new is presented in that allegation…It's rehashing the same politics that have bene stated since day one.”
Herrera declined to say whether he favored firing Bauer.
The new complaints come just days after Assemblyman Ash Kalra and state Senator Jim Beall called for a state audit of the board of trustees.
GRAYSON, KY (WAVE) - A school cafeteria manager from Carter County, Kentucky has claimed the coveted title of Food Network Star.
Jason Smith beat two other competitors Sunday night on the Food Network to win his own cooking show, according to WLEX.
During the 11-week process, Smith beat out several challengers.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Kentucky Science Center to host week of eclipse events
+ Clean-up continues after train derailment in Hardin Co.
+ Speedway disputes claim of skimming at Louisville store
"Gosh. For once in my life, I'm speechless," Smith told Food Network Star. "I'm very honored. I'm very humbled by being named the next Food Network Star. I'm very excited. It's just one of those things that's hard for me to even put into words. I feel like I have made an accomplishment beyond accomplishments that I've ever set for myself. Or it still hasn't sunk in. I don't know what to say."
During Sunday's show, Smith credited his mother for his success.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
A Philippine flag flutters from BRP Sierra Madre, a dilapidated Philippine Navy ship that has been aground since 1999 and became a Philippine military detachment on the disputed Second Thomas Shoal, part of the Spratly Islands, in the South China Sea. Source: Reuters/Erik De Castro
32 Social Buzz
THE EDITORS of the state-operated Philippine News Agency (PNA) are in hot water after a series of editorial blunders in recent weeks, with one lawmaker calling for them to be fired.
During a press conference on Saturday, the country's Communications Secretary Martin Andanar described the editors of the government media outlet as “idiots” and lamented the “mistakes just keep coming.” He threatened to re-assign them to the remote islands of Jolo and Basilan.
The most recent of these mistakes was the erroneous use of the Dole logo – a tinned pineapple producer – as the accompanying image for a story published about the Philippines Department of Labour and Employment (DOLE) last Friday.
Earlier in the week, the PNA published a pro-Beijing opinion piece directly from China's state newswire Xinhua, which referred to a Hague ruling in favour of the Philippines against China about the contested South China Sea as an “ill-founded award.”
SEE ALSO: China ‘elated' by the Philippines foreign policy under Duterte – state media
The PNA reported Andanar's comments with a markedly different tone in a story entitled “Andanar avows trust in government workers.”
None of the secretary's angry remarks were included, but he was rather quoted as saying: “We trained them and we remain to believe they are good workers, but we are investigating and someone will answer based on the investigation.”
While the Dole picture incident is an awkward oversight, it is less damaging than publishing an explicitly pro-Beijing opinion piece. China and the Philippines are at odds over territorial claims in the South China Sea, which the latter refers to as the West Philippine Sea.
SEE ALSO: Philippines, China still at odds over South China Sea a year after Hague ruling
Last year, The Hague found China had “no historical rights” based on its so-called “nine-dash line” map. Beijing claims some 90 percent of the contested waters.
The Xinhua opinion piece entitled “Time to turn a new leaf on South China Sea issue” republished by PNA referred to the Hague's ruling against China as “unilaterally delivered by an ad hoc tribunal.”
“The situation in the South China Sea has stabilised and improved thanks to the wisdom and sincerity of China and the parties concerned,” it continued. Xinhua and the Global Times newspaper are mouthpieces for the views and policies of the Chinese Communist Party.
After several days of widespread backlash on social media, the PNA eventually took down the piece.
So China is now a ghostwriter of the Philippine News Agency. They took the islands and now they took over PNA's website. RP❤️China🤣🤣 — Rino P (@dagapusa) August 9, 2017
In late July, an opinion piece from another Communist Party-controlled media outlet People's Daily Online – authored by a PNA journalist Jelly Musico who is interning at People's Daily – reported China was “elated” with the Philippines' “independent” foreign policy under President Rodrigo Duterte.
“We have noted relevant remarks made by President Duterte. China speaks highly of that,” Chinese Foreign Ministry official Lu Kang was quoted as saying.
SEE ALSO: Philippines, China still at odds over South China Sea a year after Hague ruling
Under Duterte's leadership, the Philippines has distanced itself from its traditional ally the United States and seeks closer economic and political ties with its northern neighbour China.
The Chinese government last month provided a large arms shipment worth US$7.35 million to assist the Philippines military in their fight against Islamic State-inspired Maute Group militants in Marawi City, Mindanao.
Duterte quipped last month “what is very consoling is that all of the American properties are already in the hands of the Chinese.”
“Communications Secretary Andanar should fire the editors responsible for the erroneous news posted by the PNA if only to serve notice this pattern of embarrassment is not tolerated,” said parliamentarian Ben Evardone, himself a former journalist. “Give them the boot.”
SEE ALSO: Philippines: Duterte says US hotel now ‘in the hands of the Chinese'
“Bear in mind PNA, being the government's news website, should provide accurate information to the public. Whatever it posts reflects on the government,” he said as quoted by the Philippine Star newspaper.
Another recent embarrassment for the PNA was its usage of a historical Vietnam War image with a story about the ongoing fighting against Muslim militants in Marawi.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Emmanuel Macron and Donald Trump at the White House on April 24.
French President Emmanuel Macron proposed negotiating a new deal with Iran to contain its nuclear program in a bid to keep the U.S. on board.
Speaking at a joint press conference with President Donald Trump on a state visit to Washington, Macron said the agreement should block Iranian nuclear activity through 2025, end the country's ballistic missile program and contain Iran's broader influence in the Middle East.
Thomas Gunderson's story has gone viral.
Gunderson was shot in the leg during the Las Vegas mass shooting.
But when the President walked into his room to greet him, Thomas stood up to shake his hand. He says no matter what, he always stands for the flag, the anthem and the president.
The Manager, Nigeria Airspace Management Authority (NAMA), Owerri Airport, Mr. Paul Akalazu has decried the low level of staff in the service of the agency at the Owerri airport.
Akalazu, who spoke in an interview with newsmen at the Owerri airport recently, noted that under-staffing is one of the major challenges the agency is facing at the airport.
He said that the Owerri airport has only three air traffic controllers, even as busy as the airport is, pointing out that the agency in a normal circumstance is supposed to have up to five or six air traffic controllers.
The airspace manager frowned at the rate the staff strength is going down steadily, even as people keep on retiring from service without a replacement.
“We have a situation here where staff keep retiring everyday without a replacement. We have made request from the higher authority, but where are the staff?, Akalazu asked.
On the airlines operations at the airport, the airspace manager explained that they have four regular schedule airlines that come to the Owerri airport.
The airlines according to him include the Arik airline, Airpeace, Dana and the Aero Contractors airlines, adding that other private jets also usually bring in politicians and businessmen at the airport.
“Don't forget that Owerri is strategically positioned to coordinate traffic for Abia, Anambra and part of Ebonyi States.
“I would remember that Governor Rochas Okorocha has started the move. By the time the cargo shed he is building is completed and some other things like Customs, Immigration come in, and with the approval from the presidency, the airport is already having an international status, but basically cargo- oriented “, he said.
Power outage hits Brussels airport, causing many delays
hello
BRUSSELS -- A power outage has hit Brussels airport, delaying departing planes and leaving hundreds of people stranded outside the terminal.
Florence Muls of Brussels airport says the outage hit at 5 a.m. (0400 GMT) Thursday and specifically affected the luggage and air conditioning systems.
Early morning departures were immediately affected and hundreds of people were left waiting outside.
Muls says after the outage was fixed, people were slowly let back in the building. Dozens of flights were delayed.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Hello sweeties!
I've discovered the prettiest pink lip color of the season and is SUQQU Extra Glow Lipstick 111 Fireworks / Koihanabi. It's part of SUQQU Summer 2018 UK Exclusive Gradation Couture Collection that launches this Thursday so keep an eye on it. Honestly I have a super strange relationship with SUQQU lipsticks or blushes. To tell you the truth it never happened to me before and this is how it goes.
SUQQU lipsticks or blushes don't really appeal to me when I look at the shades, but once I put them on my lips or cheeks, I'm completely in love with them. I always thought the blushes look too intense for me but on my cheeks they look perfect. With SUQQU Extra Glow Lipsticks the thing is the colors don't look that appealing to me in the tube, but on the lips they are amazing. Let's take an example from our star of the day here SUQQU #111 Fireworks / Koihanabi Extra Glow Lipstick.
Where to buy:
UK Launch Date – from 26 April 2018 exclusively at Selfridges | 10 May 2018 at Harrods
SUQQU Extra Glow Lipstick 111 Fireworks Review, Swatches, Photos
Since this happened to me more than just two, three times, I have to test the products in person and apply them before I make a purchasing decision. When I received the new #111 Fireworks shade it really looked more coral to me on the tube so I wasn't that excited about it. You know I'm mostly wearing pink on the lips and a coral has to look really and juicy so I would wear it.
Our color here transformed into a beautiful vivid ultra-pink on the lips. I was stunned by how much I liked the color of my lips. A true, vivid juicy pink with light cool undertones and a juicy sheen. Poor lipstick it hasn't left my purse since I put it there as I want to always have it with me on the go.
I don't even care if I'm not wearing this shade that day, it just has to be in my bag. I know I can't last more than two days without using it (trust me that often for a blogger who has to test lip products everyday). The finish is juicy, with a bit of shine without being to glossy but just enough to add freshness to your lips. The formula is very lightweight and feels so moisturizing on the lips. I just feel my lips hydrated throughout the wear and I don't even feel the need to apply my lip balm.
It creates that beautiful effect of plumped lips, making them appear fuller. The formula doesn't sink into lip lines. I'm totally recommending this type of lipstick (SUQQU Extra Glow Lipstick) especially to those with dry lips or older women who feel the need of a more intense hydration from a lipstick. This may not be your shade, as not everyone is so excited about pink as I am, but there are so many other shades in this range. If you are not hooked on the matte lipstick trend and you are looking for a bit of natural sheen and comfortable sensation and moisturizing throughout the wear then check out SUQQU Extra Glow Lipstick range. 🙂
This lipstick has a good color payoff with a semi-opaque coverage. I see it as an innocent, fresh and feminine shade. One that you can wear throughout the day for a casual, natural or girly girl look. It has slightly cool undertones so it slides into my favorite pink category. I've always liked more the pinks with cool undertones rather then the warms. 🙂
The wearing time takes me close to 4 hours without leaving a stain behind. I haven't felt my lips dry for a second throughout the wear. Even after the color wears off my lips are soft and feel moisturized. If I do have a meal the color won't linger for too long on my lips or it will transfer a bit on the glass.
I don't mind reapplying this color throughout the day as long as it keeps my lips moisturized and looks perfect.
Here are some of my recent photos where I'm wearing this shade. I'll let you be the judge of how beautiful this color is. 🙂
Enjoy more photos!!!
Loyola fans sign petition to get Sister Jean on 'The Ellen Show'
hello
Sister Jean Dolores-Schmidt has always been a campuswide celebrity at Loyola. But now with the men's basketball team making its first Sweet Sixteen berth since 1985, the 98-year-old basketball-loving nun's stardom has grown to what she would call "international" status.
With all the attention Sister Jean has received, Loyola sophomore Tanea Crawford decided it's time to get the nation's March Madness darlin' on The Ellen DeGeneres Show.
Crawford created an online petition on Change.org shortly after Loyola upset third-seeded Tennessee in the second round of the NCAA Tournament Saturday.
The original goal of 500 was met within the first 24 hours.
The petition has more than 1,600 times names of Monday morning, and its popularity and circulation is rapidly increasing.
For the full story, click here.
A 9-year-old South Carolina boy sold lemonade to help his sick baby brother raised nearly $6,000 in two hours!!
Andrew Emery wanted to help his parents pay for the medical bills for his little brother Dylan who suffers from Krabbe disease, a rare and often lethal neurological condition.
So what did Andrew want to do with all his lemonade earnings?? He said, “I'm gonna spend it on doctor's bills and stuff, and buy him a teddy bear too.”
How cute is this kid!?!
Click here to read more!
HHS spokesman Kenneth Wolfe said Wednesday that 8,887 migrant children were in shelters on April 30, meaning there was a 22 percent increase in the last month.
The increase comes after Attorney General Jeff Sessions said this month that the administration was going to take a “zero tolerance” approach by seeking to prosecute all families crossing the border illegally. Now, when parents are charged with improper entry, a misdemeanor on the first offense, they are jailed and separated from their children. The children are then referred to the ORR.
The numbers do not include children who are in the care of family sponsors, Wolfe said, noting that about 93 percent of all unaccompanied children are released to sponsors.
And over 30,000 children have been referred to ORR so far in fiscal year 2018, he said. There were 40,810 referrals in all of fiscal year 2017.
Wolfe added that the government has 1,218 beds on reserve if they are needed.
And while those numbers do not specify children who actually arrived at the border unaccompanied, or children who were rendered unaccompanied after they were separated from their families, immigrant activists said they were not surprised at the increase.
“It is not a surprise at all that ORR is running at incredibly high rates of capacity,” said Jennifer Podkul, director of policy at Kids in Need of Defense (KIND), a group that represents migrant children.
She said the situation was much different from when a surge of Central American children sought to cross the border in 2014.
“Now, the government has manufactured their own crisis because they're taking these children away from their parents,” she said, adding, “ORR is really being squeezed if they're required to take these children.”
This is the fastest-growing language in American homes And the results are prompting the US Census Bureau to explore the tricky task of adjusting the language on its questionnaires to accommodate the new surge.
Student says he was removed from flight for speaking Arabic LOS ANGELES — A University of California, Berkeley, student who came to the US as an Iraqi refugee says he was unfairly removed from a flight at Los Angeles International...
Mysterious Arabic banner hung from top of Texas high-rise A Texas mayor wants federal agents to investigate after a black banner with Arabic-style writing was seen mysteriously hanging from the top of a government-owned building on Monday. The banner,...
NY school apologizes for reciting pledge of allegiance in Arabic PINE BUSH, N.Y. — A school in upstate New York has apologized for reciting the Pledge of Allegiance in Arabic after complaints from district residents who lost family members in the...
Tunisian women waging 'sex jihad' in Syria Tunisian women have traveled to Syria to wage ‘sex jihad' by comforting Islamist fighters battling the regime there, Interior Minister Lotfi ben Jeddou has told MPs. ‘They have sexual relations...
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Scene from the rollover crash one Losee Road and the IR215. (Photo: NHP)
Scene from the rollover crash one Losee Road and the IR215. (Photo: NHP)
Nevada Highway Patrol said speed and weather conditions played a role in a deadly crash Tuesday morning.
Troopers responded to the single-vehicle rollover crash at 5:19 a.m. near Interstate 215 and Losee Road.
According to Trooper Travis Smaka, of NHP, a White Chevrolet Silverado went off the roadway and rolled over. A 47-year-old man, who was the only person in the vehicle, was ejected.
He was pronounced dead at the scene, Smaka said.
Smaka said he was not wearing a seatbelt.
NHP's Fatal team is investigating the crash.
Motorists were urged to use alternate routes.
Further details were not immediately released.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. (AP) — De'Andre Hunter scored 15 points, Kyle Guy added 14 and second-ranked Virginia smothered struggling Syracuse 59-44 on Saturday.
Virginia (22-1, 11-0 Atlantic Coast Conference), which beat the Orange 68-61 in January, has won 14 straight and is off to its best start in conference play since the days of Ralph Sampson, who led the 1980-81 team to a 12-0 start.
Syracuse (15-8, 4-6), in desperate need of a signature victory, was coming off a four-point loss at Wake Forest in which it shot 30 percent (15 of 50), and the offensive futility continued against the nation's best scoring defense.
The Orange shot under 40 percent in the January loss to the Cavaliers and fared worse the second time around. Syracuse finished 17 of 50 (34 percent) and its 44 points were its fewest ever in the Carrier Dome.
The Orange needed big games from its top three scorers — Tyus Battle, Frank Howard, and Oshae Brissett — and they didn't deliver. Battle finished with 15 points on 6-of-17 shooting, Howard was 4 of 17 for 11 points and Brissett had nine points. Syracuse was 4 of 20 from beyond the arc.
Syracuse entered the game ranked fourth in the nation in field-goal percentage defense (37.7 percent), just behind Virginia, but the Cavaliers exhibited their usual patience on offense and hit 12 of 24 shots in the first half to take a 10-point lead at the break. None came from second-leading scorer Devon Hall, who missed the only shot he attempted.
As expected, the game was a methodical, slow-paced slog with each team repeatedly shooting at the end of the shot clock, especially the Orange. The Cavaliers, who never trailed, found room inside the Orange's 2-3 zone and hit three jumpers from the foul line in the opening 15 minutes.
Virginia built its biggest lead of the period with help from the long ball during an 11-0 run late. Ty Jerome hit a 3 from the top of the key with 6:32 left for a 23-18 lead and Hunter hit another from the left corner just over two minutes later.
Jerome's second 3 of the period completed the surge and was a beauty of teamwork. Instead of going up for a putback after a strong rebound under the basket, Isaiah Wilkins zipped a pass to the right corner to a wide-open Jerome, and he swished it.
Syracuse managed just one basket in the final seven minutes, a 3 by Battle with just under a minute left as the Orange were held to 8-of-23 shooting (34.8 percent), 3 of 11 from beyond the arc (27.3).
The Orange, who had to work hard for every shot, got a jolt of applause from the home crowd on Frank Howard's dunk off a steal by Marek Dolezaj that moved Syracuse within 36-27 early in the second half.
The good feeling was short-lived. Mamadi Diakite hit a fall-away jumper along the baseline at the shot-clock buzzer after nearly losing the ball out of bounds, and Guy followed with a long fall-away 3-pointer from the right wing for a 41-27 lead with 13:23 left.
Diakite matched his season high with 12 points.
The Cavaliers put the game away with a 12-0 run midway through the second half and finished 23 of 47 shooting (48.9 percent).
POLL IMPLICATIONS
The Cavaliers are on a serious roll and are poised to take over the top spot if Villanova stumbles.
INVISIBLE MAN
Syracuse center Paschal Chukwu was a factor in the first game between the teams, notching a career-high 16 rebounds and scoring nine points in 35 minutes. The 7-foot-2 Chukwu had zero points and three rebounds.
BIG PICTURE
Virginia: Virginia continues to subdue its opponents with its stifling defense and has separated itself from the rest of the conference. No other team in the ACC has fewer than three losses. The Cavaliers have road games against Florida State, Miami, Pittsburgh and Louisville before closing out the regular season at home against Notre Dame.
Syracuse: The Orange have three more chances to notch a signature victory to bolster their resume for NCAA Tournament consideration, with games still on the schedule against No. 4 Duke, No. 19 North Carolina and No. 20 Clemson. Last season, the Orange had three upsets of top-15 ranked teams on its home floor and so far this year they have none. Syracuse also only has one road win in conference play, and that came against last-place Pittsburgh, which is winless in 10 conference games.
A rate hike is likely coming to Canada this summer. The Bank of Canada announced this morning the interest rate would remain at 1.25 per cent, but with the rise in inflation, led by gas prices, analysts believe a hike could be coming in July.
The price of crude is on the rise again, which helped the TSX break a five-day losing streak. The Bay Street index opened higher and is up to 15,963. Experts say supplies are dwindling with no action from world producers despite promises to increase production to offset losses from Venezuela and Iran. The price of US crude is climbing to 68.20 a barrel.
The Loonie is also coming back to life thanks to the BoC announcement and the increase in oil prices up to 77.64 cents US.
Across the border the Dow is up 222 points to 24,584.
It took Real Star Upendra quite long to enter politics. We guess the star had a few things to be sorted before he entered politics. Nonetheless, Upendra has now declared that he will form his own party.
The actor, who has spoken about the need for praja-kaarana, praja-keeya and praja-neeti, has announced that he will form a group of people who can truly work for the nation and not just follow him.
The actor has dreams big enough to change the face of democracy, as we see it today. His entry to politics might have received some rebuttal from both political and film arenas, but the actor has a firm believer in another colleague from the same industry.
Yes, we are talking about Rocking Star Yash. Despite Upendra receiving mixed reactions from both his fans and peers in the industry, Yash has lauded the star's move and pledged his support.
Yash, while addressing the media, announced his support to Upendra and insisted that the actor should have taken this step a little early. He also heaped praises for Upendra's plans of giving back the power to people through transparent ruling.
Scroll down to read more of what Yash said about Upendra..
PLAYERS OF THE DAY
Trae Young is the name everyone knew as No. 12 Oklahoma head to Austin to take on Texas, but it was another freshman point guard — Matt Coleman — who left as the star of the show.
Coleman finished with 22 points and a pair of assists, doing quite a bit of the work defensively on Young, who finished with 19 points and 14 assists but shot 7-for-22 from the floor and 2-for-14 from three.
It's great to see Coleman playing well. Texas is trying to cope with the fact that one of the players on the roster (sophomore Andrew Jones) is in a battle with leukemia, and that means that more of the load has been hoisted upon Coleman. He's answered the call.
So has Kerwin Roach, who finished with 19 points, four boards and four assists. He's become arguably the best perimeter player for the Longhorns in recent weeks, scoring at least 16 points in five of the six games since returning from injury.
THE REST OF SATURDAY'S STARS
SHAMORIE PONDS, St. John's : Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No. 4 Duke at home.
: Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No. 4 Duke at home. COLLIN SEXTON, Alabama : Sexton finished with 17 points, eight boards, six assists, two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No. 23 Florida by 18 points.
: Sexton finished with 17 points, eight boards, six assists, two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No. 23 Florida by 18 points. JEROD HARPER, Auburn : 14 points and 14 assists isn't a bad night. That's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt.
: 14 points and 14 assists isn't a bad night. That's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt. JOCK LANDALE, Saint Mary's : Landale was terrific, finishing with 34 points, 18 boards and four assists as No. 13 Saint Mary's won at San Diego.
: Landale was terrific, finishing with 34 points, 18 boards and four assists as No. 13 Saint Mary's won at San Diego. TREVON BLUIETT, Xavier: Bluiett finished with 31 points on 9-for-16 shooting on Saturday as the Musketeers held off Georgetown. He made this shot to force the overtime.
TEAM OF THE DAY
Oklahoma State desperately needed to win at No. 7 Kansas on Saturday if they wanted any chance of getting back to the NCAA tournament this season, and they did just that.
The Pokes were up by as many as 18 points in the first half, as the Jayhawks spent 40 minutes playing like they thought all they had to do to win at home was to show up. Kendall Smith led the way with 24 points, five boards and five assists for OSU while Cameron McGriff chipped in with 20 points.
This is the third game that Kansas has lost in Phog Allen this year. Bill Self entered the season having lost just 11 times in that building in his tenure with Kansas.
Kansas, on the other hand, is now tied with Texas Tech for first place in the Big 12.
GAME OF THE DAY
I don't know how Indiana did it, but somehow they shot 28.8 percent from the floor and 4-for-19 from three and still managed to have a potential game-tying heave at the buzzer bounce off the back of the rim.
The Spartans got up double-figures early and seemed to throw this thing into cruise control. The Hoosiers slowly but surely chipped away, creating another mind-bending stat: Michigan State, with the biggest front line in college basketball, finished with 29 total rebounds and just three offensive boards on Saturday while Indiana had 25 offensive rebounds despite starting a front line that stands 6-foot-6 and 6-foot-8.
The final score ended up being 63-60 despite Michigan State's best efforts to give this one away.
WTF???? OF THE DAY
St. John's entered Saturday having lost 11 straight games.
It is February, and the Red Storm do not own a single win in the Big East. It's been something of a disaster for Chris Mullin, one that has him fully on the hot seat.
So obviously, with No. 4 Duke coming to town, the Johnnies … played their best game of the year?
Shamorie Ponds popped off for 33 points while Bashir Ahem added 19 points and Tariq Owens chipped in with 17 as St. John's erased a seven-point halftime deficit to beat the Blue Devils. Duke was absolutely torched by Mike Krzyzewski after the game — and deservedly so — which has me asking: How is a team as talented as Duke is so reliant on Marvin Bagley III?
WHAT ELSE DO YOU NEED TO KNOW?
Remember when we thought that No. 21 Kentucky making that thrilling comeback and winning at West Virginia would be the turning point in their season? LOL. After needing overtime to beat Vanderbilt at home during the week, the Wildcats lost at Missouri in a game were the Tigers were more or less in control throughout. Kentucky was a trainwreck in the first half, digging themselves too big of a hole to dig out of. Kassius Robertson had 16 points and four assists to lead the way for Mizzou.
Whatever funk No. 10 Texas Tech was in earlier this year, they are out of it now. The Red Raiders won their fourth straight game on Saturday, knocking off TCU at TCU. The final score was 83-71, but it really wasn't that close.
Whatever funk No. 15 West Virginia was in the last three weeks, they look to be out of it now. The Mountaineers beat Kansas State by 38 points.
The two best teams in the SEC continue to be No. 18 Tennessee and No. 11 Auburn. The Volunteers absolutely smashed Ole Miss on Saturday, eventually winning by 33 points, while the Tigers held off Vanderbilt at home. It's a shame these two teams already played this season. It didn't get near the fan fare it deserved.
Deandre Hunter had 15 points and six assists off the bench for No. 2 Virginia as they knocked off Syracuse, 59-44.
Corey Sanders went for 31 points, seven boards and three assists, but it wasn't enough as No. 3 Purdue beat Rutgers in Piscataway, 78-76.
No. 19 North Carolina got back to their winning ways, snapping a three-game losing streak against Pitt. The most noteworthy part? Theo Pinson was healthy, finished with 13 points and eight assists and played as the back-up point guard.
Jacob Evans had 19 points as No. 8 Cincinnati knocked off UConn in Hartford.
Isaiah Washington did everything he could — 26 points in total — to get Minnesota a win in Ann Arbor, but it was not meant to be. No. 24 Michigan won 76-73 in overtime.
BITCOIN
ZeroEdge hopes to become the online gambling industry's default cryptocurrency, although its chances of achieving this goal are close to, er, zero.
ZeroEdge Bet plans to commence a pre-initial coin offering (ICO) of its Ethereum-based Zerocoin cryptocurrency token at the end of this month. The token will be used exclusively on the ZeroEdge platform, which plans to offer 0% house edge casino games and fee-less sports exchange betting.
Technically speaking, ZeroEdge's house edge isn't always zero, as its slots carry a house edge of 0.01% while other games require players to play “a perfect strategy” in order to achieve a zero house edge. Since this scenario is unlikely, the site acknowledges that human frailty “will induce the house edge inadvertently.”
At any rate, this lack of a traditional house edge means ZeroEdge's business model is based on the theory that, as more bettors buy and use Zerocoin – the supply of which will be fixed at 777m – the token's value will increase, which will not only enrich ZeroEdge's backers, but also (theoretically) players.
In fact, ZeroEdge suggests that Zerocoin is ideal for individuals who don't actually want to use their tokens to gamble. Buy-and-forget investors are advised to get in early, as “the most inexpensive Zerocoin will ever be is during the initial crowd-sale.”
ZeroEdge also hopes to eventually spawn a network of white-label gambling sites, each of which will be required to hold a certain amount of Zerocoin tokens, further boosting demand.
By its own admission, ZeroEdge's business model depends on perpetual growth – a rather optimistic market cap table included in its white paper tops out at 3m monthly users – which will be hard to achieve without a serious marketing campaign.
ZeroEdge says it will allocate 40% of its ICO proceeds to “mass-scale marketing” but the company appears to be betting more on the belief that positive word-of-mouth will create “a virtuous loop of more attention creating more demand” for its token.
Spoiler alert: it won't. Launching a new gambling site is hard enough without adding the additional hurdle of requiring users to buy a proprietary token from parties unknown that can't be used for any other purpose.
Not to mention Ethereum's inherent security concerns, scaling challenges and its anti-dilution issues, which will make appreciation of this token an even steeper uphill climb.
What's more, the online gambling industry already has a default cryptocurrency, Bitcoin Cash (BCH), which not only has the advantage of speedy transactions and low processing fees, but it can also be used for a host of other purposes as is, without the need for further conversion.
One final observation: ZeroEdge claims that part of the rationale behind its 0% house edge is that the gaming industry is contributing to gambling addiction without doing enough to mitigate problem gambling activity. ZeroEdge's apparent solution to this ‘indefensible” situation isn't to pledge money to support problem gambling treatment, but to reduce gambling operator income.
Among ZeroEdge's long-term goals are “entering the fiat gambling market,” which seems unlikely, unless the company is willing to change its name to SomeEdge. Regardless, one hopes this shift into the traditional gambling world they despise so much will be accompanied by a suitably large contribution to problem gambling mitigation programs.
Bottom line: there are enough ‘me too' tokens out there that are fated to leave investors licking their wounds, and the value of Zerocoin will ultimately live down to its name.
Comments
Hollywood talent agency CAA inks deal with media mogul Li Ruigang
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
BUCKSPORT — Voters from Bucksport, Verona Island, Orland and Prospect on Tuesday approved the 2017-2018 Regional School Unit 25 (RSU 25) budget, which the RSU 25 Board had been working on for months.
The $14,338,915 budget is a 2.63 percent increase over last year's budget. Voters from each of the RSU 25 towns gave the budget their preliminary approval at last month's budget meeting at the Bucksport Middle School.
RSU 25 Superintendent Jim Boothby said the primary drivers for the budget increase are personnel costs, which involve salaries and insurance. Still, Boothby was pleased to say that the insurance number only increased 5.33 percent, which is the lowest increase the district has seen in eight years.
Boothby said the special education budget also has increased along with the number of students who receive special services. He said that number is 240 students, or 22 percent of the student body. The total student population is up this year at 1,080.
“Last year we were at 1,059,” Boothby said. “We're seeing a positive trend.”
The amount that RSU 25 will receive from the state in general purpose aid for the 2017-2018 year has not yet been determined. Voters at the budget meeting approved a warrant item that allows the School Board to use those funds to reduce the local assessments for education, increase capital reserve funds, increase expenditure or a combination of the options.
Still, Boothby said the board will consult with district communities before it commits to spending that aid money in any way.
“We will always involve the communities before any action is taken by the board,” he said.
Report: Kings considering trading up for No. 3 pick
The Sacramento Kings may be preparing to move up in the NBA Draft.
League sources told Keith Pompey of Philly.com that the Kings are strongly considering trading the No. 5 and No. 10 overall picks to the Philadelphia 76ers in exchange for the No. 3 pick.
Sources indicate that the Kings are particularly interested in Kentucky guard De'Aaron Fox and Kansas forward Josh Jackson. The Kings are apparently concerned enough that both players could go in the top four to entertain the trade, and are said to be particularly enamored with Fox, with one source saying he wouldn't fall past Sacramento fifth overall.
From Philadelphia's perspective, they would want to be confident that one of their top targets could be drafted at No. 5 before pulling the trigger on such a deal.
It's rather funny, because the third pick was originally Sacramento's to begin with, as one of the men involved has been quick to note. It's a risk for the Kings, who need all the help they can get, but they clearly have some players high on their draft board.
The skyline of Austin, Texas, where Texas Monthly is headquartered. Photo by KBaucherel via Pixabay
Texas Monthly is hiring an ombudsman.
The magazine's move comes in response to a CJR story, published on January 26, that reported on an apparent deal made by Texas Monthly Editor-in-Chief Tim Taliaferro with Bumble, the female-centric dating app. Bumble's founder, Whitney Wolfe Herd, appears on the newsstand cover of the magazine's February issue.
Texas Monthly staffers reached out to CJR with concerns that the cover spot had been decided on a promise that Bumble would spend up to $30,000 boosting the story using paid social media promotion. Taliaferro, whose arrival at Texas Monthly in the fall of 2016 was marred by his suggestion (and subsequent denial after CJR reporting) that the storied magazine known for sharp political reporting would be focusing more on lifestyle coverage, denied that there had been any formal deal or agreement, and insisted that no journalistic ethics had been violated. But emails sent by Taliaferro to Bumble and obtained by CJR, detailed in our prior story, suggest there was prior discussion about the cover, including paid social media promotion.
ICYMI: The story BuzzFeed, The New York Times and more didn't want to publish
On Friday, Texas Monthly Chairman and CEO Paul Hobby said in a statement that the magazine had hired Pulitzer Prize-winning editor Rich Oppel, formerly of the Austin American-Statesman, as ombudsman to the magazine—and acknowledged that Taliaferro's emails with Bumble representatives were problematic, but denied any deal with Bumble.
“Taliaferro's communications with Bumble publicists may have incorrectly appeared to be a blurred line between the editorial and business sides of the magazine,” Hobby writes in the statement. “When it comes to Texas Monthly‘s journalism, even the appearance of impropriety can be damaging and is not acceptable. Taliaferro has acknowledged his misstep and regret to our staff, who care deeply about upholding the highest standards of journalism.”
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
Oppel will review the magazine's “processes and organizational structure” and make recommendations to the publication, according to the statement.
Read the statement in full here.
ICYMI: “I spent 45 minutes on the phone with Megyn Kelly asking her to not run that show”
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Alexandria Neason is CJR's Senior Staff Writer. Follow her on Twitter @alexandrianeas.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – In a Facebook Live post on January 14th, Samuel Moss seemed excited to get back home to Nassau with the boat he just bought in Hialeah.
A couple hours later, Samuel's life was much different.
He ran out of gas and spent the next 16 days waiting for a rescue at sea.
Samuel's doing fine now. As a boater, diver and lifeguard he relied on his skills. He purposely drifted into a high traffic area off the Florida coast.
“I saw a boat came close,” he said, and “I hit a flare, then the boat stop. It must have taken me for police or something it just turns around and speed off.”
Samuel survived on the limited food and water he had with him.
“I had like cheddar chips, Famous Amos [cookies] and Doritos,” he said. “I would crush all of them in one to get like a big sugar high.”
Around day 13 a big wave came and washed away his supplies. Lucky for him the boat didn't sink and three days later he was spotted 10 miles off the Palm Beach coast.
When the coast guard got to him his body nearly gave out.
“I so tired,” he recalled. “That's when all my strength just give and I just get, all the pain started into me.”
With just some bumps and bruises, his doctor said he's very lucky. He was in bad shape.
“His body already started to break down his muscles,” said his ER Doctor Kevin Buford from St. Mary's Medical Center. “He had definitely gone in to what we call the starvation mode where his body was absorbing his own fat in order to survive.”
Asked what he's grateful for?
“Life,” said Samuel. “Another shot at life.”
Samuel will head home to Nassau next week. This time, he plans to fly.
By Music News Group
Credits: Brendan Walter; ABC/Randy HolmesLorde performed at the Outside Lands festival in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park on Sunday, and received an assist from her Melodrama producer Jack Antonoff.
During the set, the Bleachers frontman joined the New Zealand singer for a stripped-down cover of the Paul Simon song “Me and Julio Down by the Schoolyard.”
The pair sat together at the edge of the stage for the performance, with Lorde handling lead vocals while Antonoff strummed an acoustic guitar. For the last line of the song, Antonoff made a reference to Lorde's birth name, singing, “Me and Ella in Golden Gate Park.” You can watch footage from the duet now on YouTube.
Lorde has a few more festival dates lined up for the fall, including Bumbershoot in Seattle and Life Is Beautiful in Las Vegas. She'll kick off a North American headlining tour next year in March.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
Despite losing the motion, Avery's attorney has not given up the fight. Apparently, the decision came as a surprise to both sides, as they had recently reached an agreement regarding testing certain pieces of new evidence, and amending the motion for a new trial based upon the anticipated test results. However, the judge considering the motion was unaware of the planned tests and amendment .
'Making a Murderer' subject Steven Avery had his motion for a new trial denied by a Wisconsin judge this week. The motion for a new trial was based upon new evidence, including DNA evidence and witnesses that were never provided to the defense by the state.
New Evidence Not Good Enough
The judge ruled that the new evidence presented by Avery's attorneys just was not good enough to make a difference. Specifically, she explained that, weighed against the evidence presented at trial, the expert reports Avery's attorney presented in the motion were ambiguous, and just not strong enough to sway the result.
In short, to successfully persuade a judge to grant a new trial, a convicted defendant must be able to show that new evidence is so strong that a reasonable probability exists that it would result in a different outcome. Moving for a new trial is a procedure that is separate from filing an appeal. Generally, either there needs to be new evidence, or some other miscarriage of justice, like juror misconduct or a prosecutor withholding evidence, for a new trial to be granted.
The Fight's Not Over
At this stage, Avery's attorney is hoping that the ruling can be set aside, or vacated, based upon an agreement between her and the state. However, for this to occur, the court would need to approve the agreement, which may be a tall order, given the judge just dealt with a 1,000 plus page motion with a six page order, and may not want to do so again so soon.
If the court does not vacate this ruling, Avery will need to appeal the ruling, which may or may not be successful, as often appeals cannot correct every mistake.
Related Resources:
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
BEAVERCREEK, Ohio (WDTN) -.A key match up in the GWOC east tonight where 4 and 2 Wayne paid a visit to 5 and 1 Beavercreeek. Both teams coming off tough losses were looking to get back on track tonight.
Wayne was on the leader board early in the game, 14 to 0. After the Warriors scored another touchdown, the Beavers finally found a rhythm.
Wayne goes on to win this game 42 to 14.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
By Rob Kiser
rkiser@aimmediamidwest.com
and Josh Brown
jbrown@aimmediamidwest.com
TIPP CITY — For the Piqua boys basketball team, it is a scenario that has played out too many times this year: a bad first half — followed by a great comeback — only to be unable to finish at the end when the opportunity was there to win.
And it did one more time Friday night.
This time, it came at Tippecanoe High School, where the Indians dropped a 73-68 decision to the Red Devils — which doesn't really reflect how close the Indians were to having a chance at win.
Instead, Piqua drops to 7-11 overall and 4-7 in Greater Western Ohio Conference American North Division play, while Tippecanoe improved to 11-7 overall and 6-5 in GWOC American North play.
After rallying from a 15-point deficit in the third quarter to tie the game before falling behind again, Piqua again rallied and a four-point possession tied the game at 67-67 with 2:09 remaining.
First, as Quirri Tucker was going in for a layup, Tippecanoe was called for an intentional foul. Tucker made one of two free throws, then Devon Brown had a 3-point play to tie the game at 67.
After a steal by Tucker at the 1:35 mark, Piqua stepped on the baseline with the ball to give it back to Tipp with 1:25 to go. The Red Devils' Cade Gingerich was fouled as he went up for a rebound with 59.1 seconds to go — as the Red Devils had made a living on second and third opportunities at the offensive end all night.
With 59.1 seconds to go, Gingrich sank two free throws. Piqua ran the clock down under 20 seconds, but a long 3 was off the mark. Tippecanoe's Josh Wildermuth grabbed the rebound and fired a length-of-the-court pass to Noah Bledsoe to put Tippecanoe up 71-68 with 12 seconds to go.
After Hayden Schrubb made one of two free throws, Tipp added two free throws with 2.3 seconds to go for the final margin.
Tipp had jumped out to 9-0 and 11-2 leads in the first half, with the Red Devils scoring on five of their first six possessions.
When Schrubb hit a 3 with 6:21 remaining in the half, Piqua was back within 23-19. But, just as quickly, Tipp went on a 15-4 run to open a 38-23 lead, with Wildermuth scoring 13 points in the opening two quarters, and Piqua could only close to within 41-29 by halftime.
The Indians started the third quarter with an 18-6 run to tie the game at 47 with 1:45 remaining in the third quarter. Tucker had eight points in the run, while Brown and Ben Schmiesing had four each.
Tipp answered with the next seven points and took a 56-51 lead to the fourth quarter.
Piqua found itself down by as much as eight in the fourth quarter, before coming up short after rallying to tie the game.
Brown led Piqua with 24 points. Tucker had 18 points and Schmiesing added 15 points and eight rebounds.
Wildermuth led Tipp with 25 points. Caiden Smith had 15 points and seven rebounds, Tyler Skaggs had 10 points and eight rebounds and Ben Sauls and Noah Bledsoe both scored eight.
Piqua was 27 of 54 from the floor for 50 percent and seven of 11 from the line for 64 percent. Tipp was 26 of 60 from the floor for 43 percent and 18 of 25 from the line for 72 percent. Tipp won the battle of the boards 32-25 and had 11 turnovers to Piqua's 12.
Piqua hosts Xenia Tuesday, while Tippecanoe travels to Greenville Friday.
Troy Christian 55,
Yellow Springs 29
YELLOW SPRINGS — The Troy Christian Eagles took one more step toward a Metro Buckeye Conference championship Friday night, shutting down a potent Yellow Springs offense on the road to win 55-29 for the Eagles' 12th straight victory.
James Anderson led Troy Christian (16-2, 10-1 MBC) with 19 points, 15 rebounds and five blocked shots, Ben Schenk added 12 points and Trent Huelskamp and Jackson Kremer each scored six as the Eagles pulled out to a 29-14 lead by halftime and never looked back.
“This was our best defensive effort as a group,” Troy Christian coach Ray Zawadzki said. “We held one of the league's leading scorers, Tony Marinelli (18.1 points per game) to no field goals and only four points. The kids were locked in and very disciplined. It was a great road win for the kids, and I'm really proud of them.”
Troy Christian hosts Miami Valley Tuesday before a big showdown against Legacy Christian on Friday.
Tri-Village 46,
Miami East 39
CASSTOWN — The Miami East Vikings took a lead early in the fourth quarter at 31-30 against Tri-Village Friday night, but the Vikings were outscored 16-10 in the final eight minutes in a 46-39 Cross County Conference loss.
“The game was tight throughout,” Miami East coach Allen Mack said. “We trailed 14-12 after one, 23-18 at half and 30-29 after three, then we went up 31-30 in the fourth with what may have been our only lead of the game before getting outscored 16-8 the rest of the way.”
Brendon Bertsch led the Vikings (7-11, 3-6 CCC) with 10 points, Austin Rutledge and Austin Kearns each had six and Parker Heim and Jack Runner each had five.
Miami East travels to Newton Tuesday.
Dixie 46,
Milton-Union 44
WEST MILTON — Milton-Union (2-16, 0-9 Southwestern Buckeye League Buckeye Division) maintained control for three quarters Friday night, but the Bulldogs were outscored 17-7 in the final quarters in a 46-44 loss to Dixie — the team's ninth straight loss.
Milton-Union travels to Waynesville Tuesday to kick off a four-game season-ending road trip.
Ansonia 70,
Covington 63
COVINGTON — Covington fell to 4-13 overall and 3-6 in the Cross County Conference Friday night as the Buccaneers were unable to dig out of a big hole and fell 70-63 to visiting Ansonia.
Braden Miller scored 19 points, Bradley Wiggins added nine and Andrew Cates scored eight for the Buccs, who trailed by as many as 12 in the second half and got to as close as two in the fourth quarter before falling.
After facing Coldwater Saturday, Covington travels to Tri-Village Tuesday.
Other scores: National Trail 69, Newton (3-14, 1-8 CCC) 37. Arcanum 61, Bradford (1-15, 0-9 CCC) 38. Anna 71, Lehman (6-10) 47.
* Girls Basketball
Tippecanoe 62,
Greenville 28
TIPP CITY — One Greater Western Ohio Conference American North Division championship wasn't enough for the Tippecanoe girls basketball team.
The Red Devils (18-2, 13-0 GWOC American North) clinched its second outright division title in as many years in the league on Saturday, defeating visiting Greenville 62-28 for their seventh straight win overall and 28th straight in division play.
Tippecanoe needed only to win Saturday's to clinch at least a share of the title. But second-place Butler's loss — which fell to 10-3 in the GWOC American North — at Troy on Saturday, coupled with the Devils' win, handed Tippecanoe the title outright with two games still to play.
Three Red Devils were in double figures in the game. Maddie Frederick led the way with 16 points, Allison Mader added 14 and Cali Stewart scored 13, with Kendall Clodfelter scoring seven and Chloe Schretzman chipping in five.
Tippecanoe hosts Troy Wednesday before finishing the regular season at Butler on Feb. 10.
Milton-Union 60,
TC North 14
WEST MILTON — Milton-Union won its second straight and third in its last four Saturday afternoon, routing Southwestern Buckeye League Buckeye Division foe Northridge 60-14.
Kristen Dickison scored a game-high 26 points, Beyonce Bobbitt added 10 and Morgan Nemeth scored six as the Bulldogs (9-10, 6-5 SWBL Buckeye) took an 18-5 lead after the first quarter, didn't allow Northridge to score more than five in any quarter and even shut the Polar Bears out in the fourth.
Milton-Union travels to Franklin Monroe Monday.
Newton 46,
Marion Local 32
MARIA STEIN — Newton's Tatum McBride scored 23 points Saturday, leading the Indians (14-6) to a 46-32 win at Marion Local in non-league play.
Newton travels to Franklin Monroe Thursday.
Other scores: Piqua (6-13, 4-9 GWOC American North) 47, Sidney 19. Arcanum 57, Lehman (8-10) 39.
Rob Kiser can be reached at (937) 451-3334. Contact Josh Brown at (937) 552-2132, or follow @TroyDailySports on Twitter.
Israel's preference is not that the Iranian nuclear deal should be nixed but that it should be extended indefinitely, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's close ally, Energy Minister Yuval Steinitz, revealed Monday in an interview with The Jerusalem Post at his office in the capital.
Steinitz, who will be speaking at the April 29 Jerusalem Post Conference in New York, explained Israel's policies on Iran as the United States and European Union negotiate the fate of the 2015 landmark international nuclear deal.
“The Iran deal is bad for us and the world for many reasons, especially its 10-year limit, which leaves only seven years left,” Steinitz said.“Therefore, it must be fixed and extended to an unlimited agreement or at least one that can last decades, and increased inspections must be added to prevent Iran cheating.”Asked about the possibility that US President Donald Trump could decide to pull out of the deal, Steinitz said: “I would prefer a fixed version of the agreement, with changes in the length of the agreement and its surveillance.”Steinitz was among the first to warn that the Iran deal, known as The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, would persuade Arab countries to enrich in uranium. He said Saudi threats to start a nuclear program proved his warning that the deal would enhance instead of limiting proliferation.Asked about concerns that Trump canceling the deal would lead to Iran running to nuclearization, Steinitz said the possibility of that is low because the Iranians know such steps could lead to a conflict with the US and harsher sanctions.Steinitz said the international community should no longer tolerate issues that are not in the deal, such as Iran's aggressive takeover of countries in the region and its support for terrorism. He said those issues must be expressed in international decisions and lead to more pressure on Iran.To that end, Channel 10 News reported on Monday night that the US and top EU countries were closer than ever to an agreement on new sanctions on Iran's ballistic missile program, its regional aggression and even on increased inspections, but not on the agreement's controversial “sunset clauses.”Reuters reported from Brussels that France urged the EU on Monday to consider new sanctions on Iran over its involvement in Syria's civil war and its ballistic missile program, as Paris tries to persuade Washington to preserve the 2015 nuclear deal with Tehran.Trump has given the European signatories a May 12 deadline to “fix the terrible flaws” of the deal, which was agreed upon by former US president Barack Obama, or he will refuse to extend sanctions relief on Iran.In response, the three European signatories – France, Britain and Germany – have proposed new EU sanctions targeting Iranians who support Syria's government in that country's civil war and Tehran's ballistic missile program, according to a confidential document seen by Reuters.“We are determined to ensure that the Vienna accord is respected,” French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told reporters on arrival for talks with his EU counterparts, referring to the city where the 2015 deal was signed.“But we must not exclude [from consideration] Iran's responsibility in the proliferation of ballistic missiles and in its very questionable role in the Near and Middle East,” he said. “That must also be discussed to reach a common position.”The confidential document cites “transfers of Iranian missiles and missile technology” to Syria and allies of Tehran, such as Houthi rebels in Yemen and Lebanon's Shi'ite Hezbollah.Britain, France and Germany raised the sanctions issue with fellow EU foreign ministers on Monday, who discussed what strategy to present to Trump. But with time still to run until May, sanctions did not dominate the debate, diplomats said.Iran's foreign ministry criticized Le Drian's comments, saying there could be no negotiation over what Iran says are purely defensive weapons.“We were hopeful that after his recent visit to Tehran and negotiations with Iranian officials, he would understand the realities of the Islamic Republic's defense policies,” Fars news agency quoted Iranian spokesman Bahram Qasemi as saying.Iranian Foreign Minister Muhammad Javad Zarif on Twitter accused the West of “sheer hypocrisy” in selling large quantities of weapons to countries in the region while “whining about Iran's defensive missiles.”Reuters contributed to this report.
Two men attacked a subway rider as he checked his Metrocard balance at the Flushing/Main Street 7 train station Wednesday in Queens.
Police say a pair of attackers beat a man who was trying to refill his MetroCard at the Flushing/Main Street subway station.
The 43-year-old victim was standing in line at the subway station attendant booth to add money to his MetroCard just before 2 p.m. on Jan. 22., authories said. He then stepped off the line to check the balance using a self-service swipe device mounted outside the booth.
Shortly after, a dispute began between the victim and the suspects as he tried to resume his position in line. Authorities said the suspects shoved him toward the station stairs and beat him unconcsious before fleeing the scene.
Top Tri-State News Photos
The victim suffered cuts to his face and was taken to New York Presbytarian Queens Hospital for treatment.
The suspects are believed to be in their 20s and 40s, police said.
Anyone wiht information regarding the attack is asked to call the NYPD's Crime Stoppers hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS or submut their tips online by logging on to the Crime Stoppers website.
It isn't the stats, even if they show Russell Westbrook on pace to become just the second player ever to average a triple-double for a full season.
It is the eyes. That is what makes Westbrook stand out to Knicks coach Jeff Hornacek.
“Look at his eyes. That guy has that determined, ‘I am going to do it' look in his face all the time,” Hornacek said Tuesday, after practice at the Knicks' training facility. “That is what you want as a coach. You see that and say, ‘OK, you know that guy is going out there, he doesn't take plays off.' I assume he is probably practicing that way, that is who he is.”
But Westbrook, who the Knicks see up close Wednesday in Oklahoma City to finish the pre-All-Star schedule, is also the NBA's top scorer at 30.9 points per game entering Tuesday. Plus, he is the league's third-leading assist guy at 10.1 per game and the 12th-best rebounder at 10.4. If he keeps it up, he will join Oscar Robertson as the only players to average a triple-double for a full season.
The Big O did it in 1961-62 for the Cincinnati Royals with 30.8 points, 12.5 rebounds, 11.4 assists.
“Westbrook is a competitor. We are going to have to do a lot of different things to slow him down,” Hornacek said. “Do you let him get 30 points and get his numbers and stop everybody else? Or do you try to stop him and hope the other guys aren't hitting on you? If we play our team defense like we did the other night against San Antonio, help each other out … then you are OK.”
Westbrook had 27 points, 17 rebounds and 14 assists in a 112-103 Thunder win over the Knicks at the Garden Nov. 28.
Charles Oakley has sort of been in the news lately. Hornacek played against Oakley and his ferocious elbows. Did he ever catch one?
“Probably. He must not have given me stitches, I would probably remember that,” Hornacek said. “Back then we got hit all the time. … He came in a year before me and left two years after. All 14 of my years were played against him. I always remember that there were certain guys, and he was definitely one of them, that when you drove down the lane, you were going, ‘OK, I know he is going to foul me so be ready for it,' and then go get up and take your two free throws.”
Carmelo Anthony would prefer to rest up over the All-Star break but would consider going as a sub for Kevin Love, who will miss six weeks with knee surgery. Anthony, however, said he would be thrilled if teammate Kristaps Porzingis were chosen. Porzingis finished sixth in the East frontcourt voting and the five ahead of him either are going or are injured. Commissioner Adam Silver decides.
“I would love for him to get it,” Anthony said. “If he has an opportunity to get it and they call for him, I would love for him to take that spot and kind of represent New York down there in New Orleans.”
As for himself, Anthony said, “That's something I have to talk to my family about. I would really like to utilize this break, now that I already put in my mind that I wasn't going, I'm not going. I think I can use this break physically, mentally.”
Hornacek said he wants the Knicks' defensive effort he saw Sunday against the powerful Spurs to continue.
“Hopefully [they] continue to trust each other and put in that effort,” Hornacek said. “Defensively it is very difficult, it is not easy. You've got to scramble a lot. You've got to guard your man and go help on another guy and you might have to scramble to another guy.
“When you are moving around like that, making teams make extra passes, yeah, they may make some but a lot of times it is out of their rhythm and it screws them up. … We need that great effort.”
A Message from Incoming President Tania Tetlow to Alumni, Donors and Volunteers from Loyola University on Vimeo.
Tania Tetlow, recently named as the 17th president of Loyola University New Orleans and the first layperson to serve in that role, recorded a series of greeting videos in which she introduces herself to students, faculty, parents, alumni and university donors. In the videos, Tetlow describes her life growing up around the university in a family of Jesuit priests, even being “sung to sleep with Gregorian chant,” and promising to work with all the groups to improve the university in the fall.
Her message to alumni is above. To see all the videos, see Loyola University's page at Vimeo.
Entry Into Cinema
Shivaji Rao entered Tamil cinema with the aid of his Bangalore friends and methodical guidance from his mentor, K. Balachander. But life wasn't a bed of roses for the young aspiring actor.
Tamil cinema was inundated with formidable stars like MGR, Sivaji Ganesan, Gemini Ganesan, Jai Shankar, Sivakumar etc., who were conventional actors complimented with appealing physical appearance.
Kamal Haasan was already an established star who was deemed as the youth heartthrob. Amidst such stiff competition, there entered a beginner with a rugged look, messed up hairdo and an unconventional Tamil diction.
Tamil cinema witnessed a change with the introduction of this young aspirant. Until then, the actors were seen to be performing accordingly to the camera's convenience while he made the camera follow him.
Be it the effective dialogue delivery, flipping action of cigarettes, twirling his shades or sophisticated walking style, Rajinikanth swayed the audience (younger generation in particular) who were mesmerized and swooned by the actor's on-screen antics.
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Formula 1 could now ban windtunnels outright if it wanted regulations that restricted resources but rewarded creativity, reckons Red Bull chief technical officer Adrian Newey.
The designer behind many of the most successful F1 cars of the last three decades said he accepts the need for the championship to cut costs and become more of a level playing field.
While opposing any suggestion of reviving the budget cap concept, Newey believes there is plenty more scope for rules that restrict teams' resources.
"My personal view is that [F1] should be a battle of drivers coupled with the creativeness of engineers," he told Sky Sports F1.
"That means it shouldn't purely be battle of resources, which is what it has tended to become on the engineers' side.
"It would be entirely possible to come up with a set of regulations that would reward creativity more than simply the number of people [in a team].
"A budget cap is very difficult to implement but you could come up with resource restrictions, certainly on the chassis side, most of them aerodynamic driven.
"You could restrict research resources much more heavily than we do, perhaps scrap windtunnels altogether, be much more restricted on the CFD runs.
"If you restrict the resources there wouldn't be [any] point having so many engineers because they couldn't feed it through the funnel."
Newey is also sceptical about the value of F1's hybrid engine format.
He believes there has been little successful technology transfer to road machinery, despite this being a key aim of the regulations introduced in 2014.
Underlining that his view was a "personal opinion, which I'm sure will be a very controversial one", Newey predicted that manufacturers' proclamations of road relevance would prove hollow.
"All this blurb which a few manufacturers would like to put out, that it improves their road car product... if that is the case then those manufacturers in the future, five years at the most, should be demonstrably ahead of their rivals in the automotive sector," Newey said.
"Somehow I suspect that will not be the case, which tends to say it is marketing blurb."
The group “Citizens Against Brothels” started a petition to get the ban thrown on the next ballot, but not everyone agreed.
Things have been heating up in Pahrump after a push to ban brothels. The group “Citizens Against Brothels” started a petition to get the ban thrown on the next ballot, but not everyone agreed.
The petition had more than 600 signatures Wednesday. It needs 1,963 by June 15 to be added to the ballot.
Kay Landwher is part of the group aiming to shut down these places once and for all. She ministers at brothels and said she's seen the damage the brothels do to women.
"These brothels are not a good thing for the community and they're not a good thing for the women who work in them," Landwher said.
She said having legal brothels seems to put a stamp of approval on sex trafficking. She also said many of the girls still have pimps and are being treated horribly.
However, at South Valley Baptist Church, Senior pastor John Morris said “no” when he was asked to pass the petition around his congregation.
"It's kind of like, well, 'Why are we focusing on one thing? I just don't think that's how if we're to be Christ-like, that that's what Christ would be doing," Morris said.
He pointed out Nevada has gambling and drugs, and said alienating one group isn't the way to go.
"It would fall into the gospel where it teaches, ‘Let he who is without sin cast the first stone,'" Morris said.
Morris also said safety is a major factor.
"There would be no more weekly health checks, or whatever they do where it's regulated. They would find a place whether it be Backpage or Craigslist or whatever," Morris said.
However, the people who signed the petition think there's already no regulation, and that the voters should decide what they want.
"This needs to go to the people. What do the people want?" Landwher said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Picture of two adult bikes with a kids bikes speaks louder than words
❤️ A post shared by Laura Kenny (@laurakenny31) on Feb 14, 2017 at 12:02pm PST
Laura Kenny seems to have announced that there could be another Kenny to add to the clan with a post on Instagram.
The four-time Olympic gold medallist and wife of track sprinter and fellow Olympian Jason Kenny, posted a picture on Tuesday night of a kid's balance bike next to two adult bikes with a simple heart emoji.
Well wishes flooded in immediately after the posting, with most people clicking onto the implied message pretty quickly.
24-year-old Laura and 28-year-old Jason, who both took multiple gold medals at the last Olympic Games in Rio on the track, married in a ceremony in September 2016, and it looks like now they could be set for their next adventure.
>>> Laura Trott wins omnium gold medal to become Britain's greatest female Olympian
With only just over three years until the next Olympic Games take place in Tokyo in 2020, the pregnancy could give Laura time to ensure she's ready to compete again and target an unprecedented third double gold medal haul.
Kenny (née Trott) took golds in both the team pursuit and the omnium at both London 2012 and last year's Games. She'll still only 28 when the next Olympics roll around, and already holds the title of Britain's greatest female Olympian.
The new Kenny will be born into a family of elite cycling success, with Jason becoming joint holder of the highest number of Olympic Golds for a British athlete (6), with Sir Chris Hoy.
How long until we see another Kenny take to the boards?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It was standing room only at CBRE's recent Midlands Market Outlook breakfast at 55 Temple Row.
More than 100 of the region's real estate professionals heard guest speaker Deborah Cadman, chief executive of the West Midlands Combined Authority, give an overview of the organisation's work and achievements.
She also announced the creation of a Brownfield Institute, to free up disused land for new homes.
CBRE's research director, Andrew Marston, analysed prospects for the regional property market.
The group approved $335,000 to repair two sections of roofing at the school district's new central office on Harding Drive after district leaders originally hoped to delay the project for three to five years.
Wilson County Deputy Director of Schools Mickey Hall said the district needed to expedite the roofing project due to leaks caused by recent rain and sections of the roof being out of warranty.
The roofing areas cover the Wilson County Adult High School section and board of education room.
The funds will come from the district's general purpose school fund.
The group also approved $140,000 for the county's PEG channel, which will broadcast on YouTube and television channels. The channel will feature educational videos about government, county events and information and more, according to Wilson County Mayor Randall Hutto.
Commissioners also honored retiring Mt. Juliet High School principal Mel Brown and the Wilson County Ag Extension office.
Brown announced his retirement earlier this year after 14 years as the school's leader and 45 years in education.
Brown started his education career at Two Rivers High School in 1966. In 1972, he moved to McGavock High School, where he also served as assistant football coach and head baseball coach after several Metro Nashville schools closed.
As head baseball coach, he amassed 582 wins, three Tennessee Secondary Schools Athletic Association state championships, three TSSAA state runner-ups, seven “coach of the year” honors and averaged 29 wins per season. The McGavock High School baseball field is named “Mel Brown Field” in his honor.
Brown served as assistant principal at Hillsboro High School from 1992-96 and Lebanon High School during the 2003-2004 school year before he was appointed principal at Mt. Juliet High School.
March is Extension Month in Tennessee, which recognizes the national educational program supported by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Wilson County 4-H, a program of the agriculture extension, has 2,124 members, including 75 participants on judging and competitive teams, and 209 in special project groups.
Wilson County's 4-H program includes archery, cooking club, sewing club, livestock group, horse group, honor club, after-school groups, home-school groups and more.
Commissioners also voted to retain current Wilson County attorney Mike Jennings in the same role. Jennings' compensation will be just less than $87,000.
It's the time of year when the Hallmark Channel plays their cheesy Christmas movies continuously and this year Netflix didn't want to miss out on the opportunity.
They debuted their own Christmas movie titled A Christmas Prince. It has all the sickly sweet romance expected of a Christmas movie of this kind.
But Netflix is now concerned about people who have watched their movie for 18 consecutive days.
The company tweeted their concern Sunday by asking "Who hurt you?"
However, the tweet didn't go over well. Many people responded in the same manner one does when you get the "Are you still there?" screen while watching Stranger Things. Don't judge us.
Maybe it's all the mania surrounding Meghan Markle and Prince Harry?
Regardless, for all you Christmas movie junkies out there, Netflix will premiere another original cheesy flick Friday, Dec. 15, called Christmas Inheritance. Let's hope it's as ridiculous and addicting as A Christmas Prince.
There's a new Android-oriented Humble Bundle today, and this one comes your way courtesy of Noodlecake. For a few bucks, you can get up to 11 games. You get to pick your price, so as little as a one greenback entitles you to some DRM-free gaming fun.
As with all the recent mobile bundles, this one has three tiers. At the bottom level you have four games that are unlocked if you pay $1 or more: Invert, Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP, Alto's Adventure, and Pug's Quest. The next set unlocks if you pay above the average, currently hovering around $4.57. That adds, Vugnettes, Shooting Stars, Tower Dwellers, and Caterzillar. Go up to $5 or more and you get Framed 2, The Bug Butcher, and Snowball.
As usual, all the games are DRM-free, and the version of Alto's Adventure (a free-to-play game) has in-app purchase content unlocked. Your payment goes to Humble Bundle, the developers, and charity. You can even change the split however you want. This bundle will be live for two weeks from today.
Provinces, SANA- Units of the Syrian Arab army carried out a military operation against the remnants of Daesh terrorist organization in the northeast of Hama city during which they seized control of the villages of Abyan, Abu Al-Qusour and Telal Talihan.
A military source told SANA that the operation resulted in killing and injuring a number of terrorists and destroying their hideouts and weapons.
He pointed out that the engineering elements canvassed the liberated area and cleared it completely of mines and booby traps.
On Friday, army units regained control over the villages of Abyan, Jib Zureik, Abu Khandeq Janoubi and Mazra'et al-Aw in the northeastern countryside of Hama, eradicating the last terrorist groups and destroying their weapons.
In Idleb Province, the army, continuing its operations to eradicate the last gatherings of Jabhat al-Nusra terroristsin the southeastern countryside of Idleb, took control of Maasran village, a military source said to SANA, adding that heavy losses were inflicted upon the terrorist organization in personnel and weapons.
SANA's reporter said that an army unit, along with allied forces, launched a military operation on Jabhat al-Nusra terrorists' positions in Tal Touqan village, about 15 km to the west of Abu Dahour airport.
The reporter added that the operation ended up with seizing full control of the village after eliminating terrorists and dismantling the explosive devices and mines planted heavily in the civilians' houses and agricultural lands.
With regaining control over Tal Touqan village, which is located on the road between Abu Dahour town and Saraqeb, the Syrian Army achieves a new step towards tightening its grip on the hideouts of Jabhat al-Nusra in the strategic city of Saraqeb. The terrorist organization turned Saraqeb to be their main position to plan and carry out their attacks.
The reporter mentioned that the air force destroyed a convoy of military vehicles for Jabhat al-Nusra terrorists including tanks and cars equipped with different machine guns in the east of Saraqeb on Aleppo-Idleb road.
The reporter said that the army cut off the terrorists' movement routs between Saraqeb and Maaret al-Nu'man and this increased the state of confusion and collapse in the ranks of al-Nusra terrorists and its affiliated Takfiri groups.
In Homs, the army units seized a large quantity of weapons prepared to be smuggled to the armed groups in Talbiseh, in Homs northern countryside.
According to a field commander, an army unit ambushed a terrorist group while smuggling a quantity of weapons from Izz al-Din town to Talbiseh, about 13 km north of Homs city.
The field commander said that a member of the terrorist group was killed as an army unit pursued the other members who fled away towards Izz al-Din village, leaving behind a quantity of weapons and ammunition.
English bulletin
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Sun Sentinel Miami Heat beat writer, Ira Winderman joined the Big O Show on 560 WQAM to discuss the Heat's future now that the season is over for them. They also talk about Chris Bosh's comments while appearing on Larry King and the ongoing NBA playoffs.
On Chris Bosh- “He understands what the Heat have to do, what Pat Riley has to do. I think reality has set in. I don't think it'll be as contentious as it was at the beginning. I think Chris has moved on in his life. There's going to be another step for him.”
On the NBA playoffs- “This is a year the East looks wide open. There's no way the Clippers team I saw on Saturday is going to beat Golden State.”
On Miami trading for Carmelo Anthony- “Pay Riley will always kick the tires on something like this.”
On what free agents he would like to see for the Heat- “The free agent I like is Danilo Gallinari.”
On the HEAT's draft pick- “I think this draft is so good, if you can trade up, do it. Everyone has a number attached to them.”
Follow WQAM on Twitter | Facebook
New research has illustrated the vital role tourism plays in supporting local communities across Scotland.
The study, carried out by VisitScotland, has revealed that in some communities of Scotland, such as Argyll & Bute and the Highlands, tourism employment accounts for nearly double the national average of 9%.
Tourism has the biggest impact on employment in Argyll and Bute with 17% of the population employed in the sector. Other areas that lead the way in tourism employment include Highlands (14%), South Ayrshire (13%) and Orkney (12%).
Between them, Edinburgh, Glasgow, the Highlands, Aberdeen City and Fife accounted for almost half of tourism employment in 2015 with 103,400 jobs. Overall there are 217,000 jobs relating to tourism in Scotland.
Local authorities have long recognised the important contribution of tourism to their local areas providing infrastructure that is essential for its growth, captured in the National Tourism Development Framework. The aim of this framework is to highlight the activity and investment that exists to ensure the visitor journey is as smooth and efficient as possible.
Local authorities that include the most tourism businesses relative to their population are Argyll and Bute (13.5%), Dundee (11.5%), North Ayrshire (11.3%), West Dunbartonshire (11.3%) and the Highlands (11.0%).
The top ten most visited regions in Scotland by overnight visitors are:
1. Edinburgh (2,276,000 trips)
2. Highlands (1,777,000 trips)
3. Glasgow City (1,682,000 trips)
4. Argyll and Bute (891,000 trips)
5. Perth and Kinross (721,000 trips)
6. Dumfries and Galloway (702,000 trips)
7. Aberdeen City (661,000 trips)
8. Fife (528,000 trips)
9. Stirling (432,000 trips)
10. South Ayrshire (373,000 trips)
Tourism Secretary Fiona Hyslop said: “Tourism is a key part of our economy, right across Scotland. As VisitScotland's figures show, it is vital in supporting some of our most fragile, rural communities.
“The Scottish Government and our public bodies are working in partnership with the industry to create sustainable and inclusive economic growth for everyone, throughout the year.”
Malcolm Roughead, Chief Executive at VisitScotland said: “Tourism is more than a holiday experience – it is integral to sustain communities across Scotland by generating income, creating jobs and stimulating social change. More and more people are realising just how important the sector is to the economy and these figures illustrate this vital impact that is growing year on year.
“Scotland's reputation as a quality destination relies on continued investment and innovation to ensure that current provision meets future demand. VisitScotland is working with stakeholders and businesses across the country to ensure that this happens and ultimately every visitor gets a quality experience every single time.”
For more information about the importance of tourism to Scotland, visit www.visitscotland.org
'Roo Women Overcome Cold Shooting to Top Tigers
SHERMAN, Texas – The Austin College women's basketball team got 19 points and 20 rebounds from Bryce Frank and the ‘Roos overcame shooting just 33.3% from the field to top Colorado College 71-54 on Friday night in Hughey Gym. The ‘Roos are now 16-5 overall and 9-1 in Southern Collegiate Athletic Conference play.
The ‘Roos got off to a hot start, with Ann Savage knocking down a pair of threes while Addison Walling and Kacie West each buried a trey of their own. Reagan Chiaverini's triple gave Austin College a 19-6 advantage with 3:15 left in the opening quarter, but the Tigers would close with an 8-2 run to cut it to a 21-14 difference after the first.
Walling knocked down another trey to get the second quarter started, but Colorado College fought back and pulled to within three at 24-21 on a Casey Torbet triple. However, Meghan Lewis answered with a three of her own to make it 27-21 with 6:08 left before halftime. Austin College got the lead to seven at 34-27 but McKenzee Gertz hit a three to trim it to a four-point game, and that's where things would stand after two quarters.
Torbet and Gertz each hit a trey to open up the third quarter to give the Tigers a 36-34 lead, but Frank scored six in a row and Caitlyn Collins swished a three to give Austin College a 43-38 advantage with 4:36 left in the third. Gertz would hit another three to pull the Tigers to within two, but Chiaverini scored to make it 47-43 heading into the fourth.
Walling hit a jumper and Frank scored four quick points to give the ‘Roos some breathing room, and Lewis converted a three-point-play to put Austin College on top 56-46 with 5:41 remaining. From there, the ‘Roos would hit 8-of-8 from the free throw line in the final two minutes, and a bucket by Collins sealed things with 12 seconds left.
The 20-rebound performance by Frank was the second time in the last three games she's notched at least 20 boards, and with 19 points that makes her fifth straight double-double. She added three blocked shots and two steals in the win. Savage finished with 12 points and handed out seven assists while coming away with three steals, and Lewis scored 10 points with four steals to round out the ‘Roos in double-figures in the scoring column.
Torbet scored 14 points with nine rebounds and Gertz added 13 points and eight boards, while Jade Odom scored 10 points with eight rebounds for the Tigers. Colorado College shot 37.3% from the field but 53.3% from three-point range.
Austin College had a 44-36 advantage on the glass, while forcing the Tigers into 19 turnovers. The ‘Roos also hit 17-of-18 from the free throw line in the game.
The ‘Roos are back in action in Hughey Gym when they host the University of Dallas with tipoff set for 6:00 p.m.
Austin College Men Fall Short Against Colorado College
SHERMAN, Texas – The Austin College men's basketball team battled back and forth with visiting Colorado College all game but the Tigers pulled away in the final minutes to hand the ‘Roos a 71-64 loss on Friday night in Hughey Gym. The ‘Roos are now 4-17 overall and 2-8 in Southern Collegiate Athletic Conference play.
Both teams struggled to find an offensive rhythm early, with the score knotted at six points apiece four minutes into the game. An Austin Wells three pointer gave the ‘Roos a 12-11 edge with 11:10 remaining, and after the Tigers grabbed a 15-14 lead, Josh Hardwick's three with 8:38 left gave the ‘Roos a 17-15 advantage. After the ‘Roos took a 22-19 lead, the Tigers would respond with seven unanswered to go ahead 26-22, and Colorado College held a 28-25 lead heading into the locker room.
Kameron Hill knotted things up early in the second half with a three to make it 34 apiece, and Wells, Kam Hogan, and Hill again hit threes to put Austin College ahead 43-38 with 15:43 left in the game. Eric Houska scored eight in a row for Colorado College to put the Tigers on top 46-43, but the ‘Roos wouldn't go away and a basket by Zachary Nickens gave Austin College a 49-48 edge midway through the second half.
The two teams traded baskets with Michael Holland scoring to give Austin College a 55-54 lead with six and a half minutes remaining, but six straight points for the Tigers made it a 60-55 game with 4:05 on the clock.
The lead grew to eight before Austin College managed to trim it to a 65-61 deficit on a pair of free throws by Justice Mercadel with 1:58 left, and a three-point-play by Mercadel got the ‘Roos to within three at 67-64 with 51 seconds remaining. However, that's as close as things would get and the Tigers would add four late free throws to ice the game
Hogan and Mercadel each scored 14 to pace Austin College, with Hogan adding five assists and two steals while Mercadel grabbed five boards and came away with two steals of his own. Hill finished with 13 points as the only other ‘Roo to reach double-digits.
Cooxooeii Black led all scorers with 23 points and pulled down a game-high 12 rebounds for Colorado College, and Houska finished with 19 for the Tigers.
Austin College will be looking to bounce back tomorrow when they host the University of Dallas with tip time set for 4:00 p.m.
Austin College athletic teams participate as a member of the NCAA Division III and the Southern Collegiate Athletic Conference.
A Grand Reception On The Cards
Virat and Anushka will be hosting a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on 21st December which will be followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on 26th December.
The newly wed couple will travel to South Africa where Virat will start prepping for the upcoming series and Anushka will spend New Year's Eve with him and return in the first week of January to begin the next schedule of Anand L Rai's film with Shah Rukh Khan in Mumbai. She will also start prepping for Sui Dhaaga as the shooting for the same starts in February 2018 with Varun Dhawan. Anushka will also be busy with the marketing and promotions of Pari which is releasing on 9th February.
Virat, on the other hand, will be playing the series in South Africa for 2 months which includes three Tests, six One Day Internationals (ODIs) and three Twenty20 International (T20I) matches.
A reminder from the Nevada County Assessors Office. Your property taxes are due today. Payments can be made in person at their office or through the drop box up until 5pm. Payments made through the mail must have a December 11 postmark to be considered timely. If mailing today, you should get a hand-stamped postmark to avoid any chance of penalty. Online payments can be made until 11:59pm.Taxes are normally due on the tenth of December, but you get an extra day this year because the tenth was a Sunday.
–gf
‘Hire A Man' a romantic comedy movie, showing in cinemas across the nation and directed by Desmond Elliot, has sold over N8 million in it first three days. The movie which opens in cinemas last Friday has been adjudged as the favourite Nollywood movie in cinemas at the moment. Speaking about the success of the movie, the producer Chinneylove Eze says, “HIRE A MAN was inspired by
Google's pop-up marketing might be limited in scope, but it seems like fun. Last year Google did a donut-related promotion that saw the company giving away bags containing either a pair of the baked goods or a Google Home Mini. Now residents or visitors in New York, Chicago, LA, and Atlanta will be able to enjoy some good old-fashioned Google Home Mini Golf. (Get it? Home Mini, Mini Golf?)
Details are sparse, but google describes it as a "voice (and putter) activated journey," so there may be a bit more to the course than simply tapping a ball around. Odds are, it should show off some of the company's Assistant-powered hardware features in one way or another.
Get your putters ready! Tomorrow, Google Home is opening a voice-activated mini golf course. Learn more at https://t.co/mtsVCpWPG7. #HeyGoogle pic.twitter.com/fizlWr3QAY — Made by Google (@madebygoogle) May 29, 2018
The schedule for Google's US golf tour is as follows:
New York, May 30 - June 4
Chicago, June 14 - June 17
Los Angeles, June 30 - July 5
Atlanta, July 26 - July 29
You can RSVP for a specific location and time at the promotional site Google has for the mini golf events. Happy putting.
Sokoto Government denies paying Alfas N91million to pray for Buhari
The Sokoto State Government has denied that Governor Aminu Tambuwal paid N91million to 90 Islamic clerics popularly known as Alfas, to pray for President Muhammadu Buhari in Mecca. Tambuwal's spokesman, Imam Imam, said the reports were “untrue and misleading”. He quoted the story published by PM News on Twitter and wrote: “Very very untrue and […]
Sokoto Government denies paying Alfas N91million to pray for Buhari
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
From the start, we viewed Fearless Girl as a marketing stunt for the Boston financial firm that installed the statue in mocking distance of the iconic Charging Bull. Now it turns out that State Street Corp. itself seems to have a sexism problem.
Set up in the dead of night, but with city permission, back in March, the defiant pixie turns the bull into a symbol of Wall Street sexism, which she seems to be staring down.
Yet it came with a plaque obliquely advertising State Street's feminist-branded SHE funds.
As part of the p.r. campaign, the world's third-largest asset manager, also vowed to use its market share to push for more women on corporate boards.
Oops: While State Street still denies it ever discriminated, it's paying out $5 million to settle federal Labor Department charges that it underpaid hundreds of female employees and more than a dozen black workers.
That includes women serving in senior vice president, managing director and vice-president positions.
All of which makes Fearless Girl look as feminist as those infamous ads of yesteryear for Virginia Slims cigarettes.
The Nevada County Grand Jury is looking for some new members when the new session convenes this summer. The panel consists of 19 members, and its responsibility is to investigate certain county agencies or procedures. Those investigations vary from year to year. Gordon Mangel has retired from a law enforcement career, and has been on the jury for a couple of years now…
Listen to Gordon Mangel
Jury Foreperson Thomas Achter (OCK-ter) says most people think the idea of the grand jury is to find incidious and criminal elements inside the county, but that's not what happens…
Listen to Thomas Achter
The grand jury year starts in July, but there is an Open House at the Rood Center tomorrow. They'll have copies of previous reports, and information about what kind of time requirements are needed to be on the grand jury. The open house is from 11am to 1pm at the Rood Center.
–gf
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17M1U
More on this NBC News
Actor Harrison Ford, an experienced pilot who collects vintage planes, almost crashed into an American Airlines 737 passenger plane on Monday while attempting to land at John Wayne Airport in Orange County, California, according to NBC News.
The close call has prompted an FAA investigation, which could result in anything from a warning to suspension of Ford's pilot's license.
Ford has been involved in a series of crashes and near-misses while flying, including incidents in 1999, 2000 and 2015.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Getty
With just days remaining before World Cup qualifying ends, the race is tightening in both the CONCACAF and CONMEBOL tables. Tuesday, October 10 marks the final day of World Cup qualifying, and we'll have a better idea of the field of teams.
Only two teams in CONCACAF and CONMEBOL have clinched a birth in the 2018 World Cup. With matches still on the schedule, Mexico has won the CONCACAF group, while Brazil has won the CONMEBOL group.
The United States is on the fringe of making the World Cup. Heading into their match with Panama, the United States would need a playoff victory after the initial qualifying matches to make it to Russia. The USMNT is hoping to do enough in their final two matches to not need a playoff.
According to the MLS, the top three CONCACAF teams clinch World Cup births. The fourth team will head to a playoff against Asia's fifth place team.
The USMNT needs strong performances in their final two matches against Panama and Trinidad & Tobago to be playing in Russia next year. According to ESPN, CONMEBOL is guaranteed 4.5 spots in the World Cup. The top four teams at the end of the October 10 matches will automatically advance to the 2018 World Cup.
South America has one of the closest World Cup qualifying races in the world. The group has eight teams with 20 or more points fighting for the guaranteed four spots. As it stands now, Uruguay, Chile and Colombia would join Brazil as World Cup teams. Soccer fans are in danger of missing out on Lionel Messi and Argentina in the 2018 World Cup.
Here's a look at the latest CONCACAF and CONMEBOL standings.
CONCACAF Standings
TEAM PTS WIN DRAW LOSS 1. Mexico- x 18 5 3 0 2. Costa Rica 15 4 3 1 3. Panama 10 2 4 2 4. United States 9 2 3 3 5. Honduras 9 2 3 3 6. Trinidad & Tobago 3 1 0 7
CONMEBOL Standings
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Eight kittens have been rescued from a house fire in Eastwood.
The incident happened last night shortly after 9pm on the ground floor of a property on Addison Villas.
Firefighters from Eastwood and Heanor used four breathing apparatus and two hoses to extinguish the fire and a pressure fan to clear the smoke.
The crews then boarded up the property and left it in the hands of the occupants shortly before 11.30pm.
Dick Clark Productions rejects Mariah Carey's sabotage claim
hello
Mariah Carey performs at the New Year's Eve celebration in Times Square on Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016, in New York. (Photo by Greg Allen/Invision/AP) Associated Press
Mariah Carey performs at the New Year's Eve celebration in Times Square on Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016, in New York. (Photo by Greg Allen/Invision/AP) Associated Press
NEW YORK -- Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged her live performance on its "New Year's Rockin' Eve" special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special in Times Square made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through her short set, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of her songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted "(expletive) happens." Her representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties, and in an interview with Billboard she said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance.
"She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously," Perna told Billboard. "A shame that production set her up to fail."
Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and she flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when she got on stage.
"However, that was not the case, and they were again told that her earpiece was not working," Perna said. "Instead of endeavoring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live."
In a statement released on Sunday, the production company called such claims "absurd."
"As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists," it said. "To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd."
It said that in "very rare instances" there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance.
"We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge her tremendous accomplishments in the industry," it said.
A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for her rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.
Ironically, Carey was Dick Clark Productions' first live performer for the broadcast in 2005, when it went off without any such problems.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
LEGASPI CITY—“Instead of an award, recognition or at least commendation, I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization...
Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad said on Wednesday that the search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 that ended this week with no trace found may be resumed if new evidence comes to light. “We have to come to a stage where we cannot keep searching for something we cannot find,” Mahathir told a news conference. “If we find any new information, we may resume the search,” he said.
Flight MH370, carrying 239 people, vanished on a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8, 2014, becoming one of the world's greatest aviation mysteries. A privately funded underwater search for the missing jet ended on Tuesday.
Officials from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement conducted raids in at least 6 states this week, arresting illegal immigrants and providing a glimpse into what the country can expect from Trump's “law & order” administration.
The raids reportedly took place in Georgia, Illinois, New York, California, North Carolina, and South Carolina. The criminals were arrested at their homes and workplaces. Rep. Joaquin Castro told the Washington Post that he talked to an official at ICE's San Antonio office, confirming they had “launched a targeted operation in South and Central Texas as part of Operation Cross-Check.”
“People are panicking,” Atlanta immigration attorney Hiba Ghalib told the Post. “People are really, really scared.”
Rumors were circulating of ICE using checkpoints in Texas and North Carolina, though the agency calls these reports “dangerous and irresponsible.” The fact remains that if these people were not in our country illegally and breaking laws, they would have nothing to fear. David Marin, ICE's field director in Los Angeles, told reporters that 75 percent of the 160 people detained in the operation in Los Angeles this week had felony convictions; the rest had felony convictions or were living here illegally.
“Dangerous criminals who should be deported are being released into our communities,” Marin commented.
ICE officials also told NBC News that 200 criminal illegals had been arrested in Georgia and the Carolinas.
“We're talking about people who are threats to public safety or a threat to the integrity of the immigration system,” Department of Homeland spokeswoman Gillian Christensen told the Post.
What do you think of the ICE's crackdown on illegal immigration? Is this the kind of security our country needs?
Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom, has appointed a new Secretary to the State Government and sacked four commissioners. According to Tahav Agerzua, the Special Adviser to the governor on Media and Publicity, the new SSG is Tony Ijoho, who replaces Targema Takema. The sacked commissioners are Odeh Agih, Information; Mnyim Mwuese, Women Affairs; Nick Wende, […]
Kenora city councillor Sharon Smith is clear when it comes to her ambitions for 2017.
“I'm looking forward to us moving ahead with health care in our community,” Smith says. “The Northwestern Health Unit is my board and I really believe that we need to be investing in public health. I think that is absolutely the way to deal with the issues that we have in northwestern Ontario.”
Smith notes that northwestern Ontario's health care issues are more significant than anywhere else in the province.
For more information:
New community health care recruiter for Kenora
Grand chief, Mayors uniting to tackle health care crisis
After Roseanne Barr's racist comment caused the cancellation of her hit ABC show, Barr had an unusual defense, blaming the insomnia medication Ambien.
Ambien's manufacturer, Sanofi SNY, +1.93% SAN, -1.54% however, quickly denied any role in the controversy and emphasized its commitment to diversity early Wednesday.
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
Ambien has long been sold to help induce sleep, and it's particularly popular in the U.S. Once a blockbuster, the drug's sales have dropped in recent years as it has faced generic competition, and it brought in about $320 million in revenue last year.
Read: ‘Roseanne' canceled by ABC after its star attacks Obama ally Valerie Jarrett with racist tweet
Like other widely used sleeping pills, the brand is known to have some strange, though rare, side effects, commonly after drinking alcohol or taking other medicines that make users sleepy.
The drug's label warns that side effects may include “getting out of bed while not being fully awake and [doing] an activity that you do not know you are doing.”
See: How America has changed since ‘Roseanne' premiered in 1988
Perhaps most notoriously, patients have reported driving while asleep. Other such issues have included sleepwalking and other unconscious nighttime activities, such as cooking and eating, having sex and talking on the phone.
The list of reported activities, as Sanofi noted, does not include racism, or tweeting, though “abnormal thinking and behavior changes” have been reported, the drug's prescribing information notes, including “decreased inhibition (e.g. aggressiveness and extroversion that seemed out of character), bizarre behavior, agitation,” among other things.
Barr, a supporter of President Donald Trump, played a Trump supporter in the rebooted show “Roseanne,” which aimed to depict working-class Americans in a divided country. But the show has also been criticized for normalizing harmful ideologies, including around race.
But the reboot's downfall was a Tuesday tweet by Barr that compared Valerie Jarrett, a former White House adviser to former President Barack Obama, to “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby.”
ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey called the statement “abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values,” and cancelled the show.
Barr later tried to excuse her words, tweeting that “it was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting - i went 2 far,” and describing what she said as “unforgiveable.”
She also claimed that it had occurred before.
no, i didnt i blamed myself. stop lying. Yes, I have had odd ambien experiences on tweeting late at night-like many other ppl do. I BLAME MYSELF OK? it's just an explanation not an excuse, Ok, bully? — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Shares of the U.S.-listed Sanofi stock rose 1.3% in morning trade. Shares have declined 2.4% over the last three months, compared with a 0.03% lift in the S&P 500 SPX, +1.09% and a 1.8% decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.97%
Police say a Chevrolet Silverado (not the one pictured) hit a cab driver in Falmouth, Massachusetts. DAVID ZALUBOWSKI AP
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Two contenders for the Republican U.S. Senate nomination in Virginia clashed Saturday in the first debate of the primary race. Corey Stewart, a candidate for governor last year, and state Del. Nick Freitas of Culpeper squared off in a debate before the Virginia Tea Party in Richmond. The Richmond Times-Dispatch reports that Stewart, chairman of the Prince William Board of County Supervisors, tried to portray Freitas as politically inexperienced. He said Democratic U.S. Sen. Tim Kaine would “chew him up and spit him out.” Freitas said Stewart has divided the Republican Party and has “some problems with the truth from time to time.”
Kaine is seeking a second term in the Senate after his 2016 loss in the presidential election as Hillary Clinton's running mate. Stewart and Freitas are the only two candidates so far who have submitted enough signatures to qualify for the June 12 GOP primary ballot. The deadline is March 29. Freitas defeated Stewart in a straw poll of 217 people at the Tea Party's spring conference. Freitas drew 65 percent to 35 percent for Stewart, according to Tea Party chairman Rick Buchanan.
On stage, both two candidates supported the tax cut signed by President Donald Trump last year and called for cuts in federal spending. Both called for stronger enforcement efforts against illegal immigration and both agreed with Trump's concept of building a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico. Stewart said he's not afraid of getting into the gutter to fight Democrats and can stand up to Republican leadership when needed. Freitas spoke of his 11 years in the military, including two overseas combat tours, and said he wanted to focus on the power of the individual, not the government.
Occasional announcements sent by Streaming Media, or on behalf of our advertising partners, on what we feel are important offers, developments, publications, and events in the streaming/online video industry.
Read all about it - You can't afford to be without this twice-weekly newsletter - sign up today to get your breaking streaming and digital media news!
DirecTV Now and PlayStation Vue Each Getting $5 Price Hike
Many cut the cord because they didn't like the constant price increases and bloated lineups of cable. But the skinny bundles haven't learned that lesson.
Page 1
What's a price-sensitive viewer to do? Both DirecTV Now and PlayStation Vue will raise subscription fees by $5 per month.
Starting July 26, AT&T will raise the price of monthly plans for new and existing customers by $5. That means its entry-level 60-channel Live a Little plan will go for $40 per month, the 80-channel Just Right Plan will be $55 per month, the 100-channel Go Big plan will be $65 per month, and the 120-channel Gotta Have It plan will be $75 per month. Surprisingly, its To-do y Más bundle of Spanish and English language content will stay at $45 per month.
AT&T says raising the price of its lowest tier to $40 is in line with the rest of the market. In June, AT&T announced Watch TV, a streaming service available for free to certain wireless customers.
Soon after the news broke, Sony announced it will raise prices for all four of its tiers by $5 per month. It's cheapest option, Access, will go for $44.99, while its top Ultra plan will cost $79.99 per month. Sony says the rise is needed to keep up with business costs. Sony's increase will begin July 24.
The AT&T move has raised eyebrows since only last month the company said merging with Time Warner would likely lead to lower prices for DirecTV customers.
Last week, Sling TV raised the monthly price of its Orange tier by $5 to $25, and introduced ad-supported free content for returning customers using Roku devices.
Page 1
MUNCIE, Ind. (WISH) — A Ball State student was arrested over the weekend after allegedly raping a woman.
The investigation began Sunday morning when a female student reported being raped at an apartment complex in Muncie. The woman then told officials that 19-year-old Ianne Sierra committed the act at the Haven Apartments.
Sierra told investigators that he knew the victim since the beginning of the school year and that she'd been contacting him and wanted to spend the night due to a fight with her roommate.
The two would later meet at Sierra's apartment where Sierra propositioned the victim to being “friends with benefits,” while the two were inside his bedroom. After she declined, the victim told investigators that the suspect pinned her arms down and began kissing her up and down her neck, before committing the sexual assault.
Ianne admitted to investigators that he was intoxicated during the events and that the victim told him “no” five times before the assault.
Sierra faces charges a felony charge of rape.
He has since bonded out of the Delaware County Jail.
Agnyaathavaasi
Trivikram Srinivas and Pawan Kalyan's Agnyaathavaasi hit the screens during Sankranthi and opened to a good response at the box office despite receiving unflattering reviews from all corners. The negative WOM soon caught up with the film and it ultimately proved to be a disappointment for all concerned. Agnyaathavaasi also had Keerthy Suresh and Aadhi in the lead.
Touch Chesi Chudu
The year started on a bad note for Ravi Teja when his Touch Chesi Chudu opened to a poor response at the box office and failed to impress the critics. Shot against a budget of Rs 30 Crore, it ended with a final distributor's share of Rs 9 Crore and proved to be a disaster. Touch Chesi Chudu also featured Raashi Khanna and Seerat Kapoor in the lead.
Naa Peru Surya
Featuring Tollywood's 'Stylish Star' Allu Arjun in the lead, Naa Peru Surya was one of the biggest releases of the year and hit the screens on May 4, 2018. Unfortunately, it underperformed at the box office and its distributors suffered losses.
Nela Ticket
The second Ravi Teja starrer to feature on the list, Nela Ticket hit the theatres on May 25, 2018 and proved to be a box office dud. It ended with a distributor's share of around Rs 9.5 Crore and received negative reviews.
Officer
Officer marked Nagarjuna's first film with Ram Gopal Varma in over two decades and hit the screens on June 1, 2018. Featuring the veteran actor in the role of a cop, it sank without a trace and failed to impress the movie buffs.
Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose, has approved an increase in the maternity leave period for women in its public service from 12 to 16 weeks. Permanent Secretary in the State Ministry of Information, Youth and Sports Development, Mr. Kola Ajumobi, said this on Monday at a public enlightenment forum in Ado Ekiti, the state capital. […]
Cassie Aylward, Newstalk 580 CFRA
An investigation is underway after a fire at Sir Robert Borden High School in the west end, according to Ottawa Fire.
Fire says calls came in around 9:20 p.m. Wednesday reporting thick, black smoke coming from the roof of 133 Greenbank Road.
The blaze was quickly knocked down and declared under control about 15 minutes later.
No one has been reported hurt. Investigators are at the scene.
It's not yet clear if classes at Sir Robert Borden will be cancelled Thursday.
The following spills were reported to the Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission in the past two weeks.
Information is based on Form 19, which operators must fill out detailing the leakage/spill events. Any spill release that may impact waters of the state must be reported as soon as practical. Any spill of five barrels or more must be reported within 24 hours, and any spill of one barrel or more, which occurs outside secondary containment, such as metal or earthen berms, must also be reported within 24 hours, according to COGCC rules. Spills and leaks typically are found during routine maintenance on existing wells, though some actual "spills" do occur among the 23,000-plus wells in the county.
KERR MCGEE OIL & GAS ONSHORE LP, reported Dec. 5 a tank battery spill about 4 miles northwest of Keenesburg, near Weld County roads 22 and 49. About five barrels of condensate and about 515 barrels of produced water spilled. A temporary produced water tank overflowed, causing the release.
PDC ENERGY INC., reported Dec. 4 a tank battery spill about 1 mile northwest of Kersey, near U.S. 34 and Weld road 51. Between one and five barrels of produced water spilled. An open valve caused the release.
NOBLE ENERGY INC., reported Dec. 1 a partially buried vessel spill about 6 miles south of Auburn, near Weld roads 38 and 47. Between one and five barrels of produced water spilled. Historical impacts were discovered during plug and abandon activities.
NOBLE ENERGY INC., reported Nov. 30 a flowline spill in Greeley's Rover Run Dog Park, 5207 F St. Between one and five barrels each of oil, condensate and produced water spilled. Historical impacts were discovered after plug and abandon activities.
Recommended Stories For You
DCP MIDSTREAM LP, reported Nov. 30 a pipeline spill east of Greeley, near Weld roads 62 and 47. Between five and 100 barrels of condensate spilled. A third-party construction crew hit a three-inch gathering line, resulting in natural gas and condensate being released from the pipeline.
KERR MCGEE OIL & GAS ONSHORE LP, reported Nov. 29 a well spill about 1.5 miles south of Hudson, near Weld roads 6 and 41. Between one and five barrels of drilling fluid spilled. A restriction of flow formed within an onsite shale shaker, allowing drilling fluid to travel outside of the downstream collection bin.
EXTRACTION OIL & GAS INC., reported Nov. 29 a tank battery spill about 1 mile southeast of Erie, near Weld roads 6 and 5. Between one and five barrels of produced water spilled. The historical impacts were discovered while removing the produced water vessel.
NOBLE ENERGY INC., reported Nov. 27 a partially buried vessel spill about 6 miles east of Gilcrest, near Weld roads 38 and 43. Between one and five barrels of produced water spilled. The historical impacts were discovered while removing the produced water vessel.
Photo: Xinhua / Joe Russo / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Bruno Mars and Cardi B are made to collaborate: They proved that on the infectious, joy-inducing remix of his 24K Magic track “Finesse.” They further proved it with the song's spirited, endlessly watchable video. Then they rubbed our noses in it during a show-stealing live performance at the GRAMMYs.
Related: Bruno Mars Drops ‘Finesse' Remix Featuring Cardi B
Bruno and Cardi's chemistry is impossible to ignore and their fans want more, more, more. So last night, Bruno (whose album swept the major categories at this year's GRAMMYs) floated an idea: He and Cardi should hit the road together.
“What if I told you I wanna do one more U.S tour so we could celebrate 24k Magic together one last time…..” he tweeted, before adding: “Annndddd…what if I told u imma bring my lil sis @iamcardib on tour so we can really turn your city upside down! Make this finale a party!!”
Cardi responded to Bruno's proposal: ““Mhhhhhhmmm🤔🤔🤔That sounds like a great idea @brunomars?”
As you may recall, Bruno already crisscrossed the United States promoting 24K Magic. That was before a massive GRAMMY tailwind and a chart-topping remix featuring rap's brightest new star. Stay tuned, Cardi and Bruno may bring “Finesse” to a city near you this year… in living color.
See Bruno's tweets here:
What if I told you I wanna do one more U.S tour so we could celebrate 24k Magic together one last time..... —
Bruno Mars (@BrunoMars) February 02, 2018
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Diplo has a brand-new look, and it's his hottest yet.
Related: Diplo Donates $100k to Vegas Victims' Relief Fund
The notorious DJ took it upon himself to join Kanye West's Yeezy Season 6 promo campaign, sharing his own inimitable take on a recent photo shoot for the collection.
In case you missed it, the shoot features the likes of Paris Hilton, model Amina Blue and adult film actress Lela Star all posing as Kim Kardashian from a series of famous paparazzi photos.
Diplo hopped on social media to share his very unofficial contribution to the campaign, which is quite frankly, flawless.
See the stunning results below.
Don't just take our word for it. Kim Kardashian herself has seen the photos, and she's all about them, sharing her response on Twitter.
A topless Diplo rocking a waist-length blond wig is one very hot Diplo. Here's hoping he holds onto this edgy new style for a while.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, made a brief court appearance Tuesday dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit. He showed no emotion as he stated his name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered him remanded in custody until he appears by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack. Court documents identified them as: Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, Beverly Smith, Robert Anderson, and So Ra.
The names of the murder victims were not mentioned on the information charging Minassian.
Minassian's father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Police will be holding a press conference at 3 p.m. that will be live-streamed.
House Agriculture Committee Chairman Mike Conaway, R-Texas, joined at left by Vice Chairman Glenn Thompson, R-Pa., announces the new farm bill, officially known as the 2018 Agriculture and Nutrition Act, at a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington, Thursday, April 12, 2018. The bulk of the bill's spending goes toward funding SNAP, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. J. Scott Applewhite AP Photo
The National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT) allowed Vedanta Ltd to make an upfront payment of Rs 5,320 crore to lenders for acquisition of Electrosteel Steels.
A two-member bench also said this payment would be subject to the outcome of the petition filed by Renaissance Steel challenging Vedanta's bid.
“During the pendency, the parties may act as far the approved resolution plan and the resolution applicant may deposit the upfront amount to Committee of Creditors subject to the order of the appeal,” the NCLAT bench headed by Chairman Justice S J Mukhopadhaya said.
The bench also clarified that if Renaissance Steel wins the case, then the Committee of Creditors (CoC) will have to return the money to Vedanta.
The appellate tribunal also reserved its order over Renaissance Steel's petition.
On May 17, NCLAT admitted the petition of Renaissance Steel challenging Vedanta's bid for debt-ridden Electrosteel.
Renaissance Steel's resolution application was rejected by the CoC of Electrosteel Steels.
Earlier on May 1, NCLAT had directed maintaining status quo in the case pertaining to the sale of the debt-laden firm to Vedanta Ltd.
Renaissance had submitted before the NCLAT that Vedanta is not eligible to bid for Electrosteel under section 29 A of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code as one of Vedanta's affiliates in Zambia — a unit of its UK-based parent Vedanta Resources Plc — had been found guilty of criminal misconduct.
Electrosteel owes lenders more than Rs 13,000 crore, of which about Rs 5,000 crore is to State Bank of India alone.
Last month, the Kolkata bench of the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) had cleared Vedanta's Rs 5,320-crore resolution plan for Electrosteel, rejecting objections by Renaissance Steel.
The same jury found Roof guilty last month of 33 counts of federal hate crimes resulting in death, obstruction of religion and firearms violations.
The jury will be seated again to determine whether to put Roof to death but first the judge must decide whether Roof can serve as his own attorney or whether he will be represented by court-appointed lawyers.
U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel, whose decision was expected on Monday, said he was keeping the proceedings closed in order to avoid sequestering the jury.
Gergel said he was concerned jurors would inadvertently hear potentially prejudicial information from the hearing if reporters were allowed to cover it, ruling that protecting Roof's right to a fair trial outweighed the media's right to view the hearing.
The judge rejected arguments from press attorney Jay Bender and Assistant U.S. Attorney Jay Richardson, who wanted an open hearing. Gergel also banned relatives of the victims from attending.
The judge previously found Roof competent to stand trial after a hearing held in November ahead of the guilt phase but on Monday was due to hear new testimony from forensic psychiatrist James Ballenger, who examined Roof for five hours over the weekend, Gergel said.
Roof's standby lawyers filed a motion arguing that Roof was not competent to stand trial or represent himself after he revealed at a hearing last week that he would present no evidence or witnesses during the sentencing phase.
His announcement raised "in especially stark fashion the question of whether the defendant is actually unable to defend himself," the lawyers said in a court filing.
A team led by prominent capital defense lawyer David Bruck represented Roof during the guilt phase of the trial.
Roof has opted to represent himself for the sentencing phase, due to begin on Tuesday, and has sought to keep jurors from hearing evidence about his competency and mental health.
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 4 July 2018:
The report of the Governance Transition Committee appointed by President Julius Maada Bio on 6 April to review the status of Sierra Leone's government departments, ministries and agencies, the economy, as well as public assets, has been submitted to President Bio by committee chairman – professor David Francis.
The report which is said to have exposed massive corruption and mismanagement of public affairs by the former Koroma government, will today be presented to the country's media at a press conference in Freetown, which will be chaired by professor Francis for questions and answers from local journalists.
The report is said to contain details of ex-President Koroma's ‘frantic' plunder of state assets, racketeering by customs and National Revenue Authority officials, widespread tribalism by the APC government, and massive theft by its top officials, including president Koroma.
The committee recommends that president Bio sets up a Special Commissions Court, led by a serving judge, to prosecute APC officials whose corruption and plunder of state's assets were particularly significant.
Global Times reports that it has been exclusively briefed by several members of the Transition Team on the report's damning contents. They include:
The fraudulent sale of government's 30% share in Sierra Rutile – acquired in 2005 by President Tejan Kabbah's government – for a mere $12 million by John Bonoh Sisay and his cousin President Koroma, apparently to themselves, in 2012. When Sierra Rutile was bought over by the Australian company Iluka Resources for $375 million, the 30% share they had purchased earned them $113 million.
The report says that the country was losing $390 million every year because customs officials and NRA officials were under-invoicing and deliberately misrepresenting imported and exported goods. Cement, for example, was recorded as rice, because cement is taxed and rice is not. Cooking oil, which is taxed, was recorded as water, which is not taxed. The report recommends that the import of water should be banned.
The report says that the government owes some $1.4 billion to local contractors and vendors, but most of those contractors and vendors are APC cronies or relatives and business partners of ex-President Koroma.
The report says that Koroma's government purged people of Mende ethnicity in government agencies and commissions, and promoted those of his Temne, Limba and Loko ethnicity with no regard for qualification or merit.
It says that Koroma employed hundreds of APC partisans to useless jobs, which shot up the government's wage bill by millions of dollars a year.
The report rejects ex-President Koroma's claim in his handover notes that he left a robust economy.
The report says that Koroma left a ‘broken' economy with an external debt of $1.6 billion and domestic debt owing to the commercial banks and other financial institutions amounting to $658 million. Interest on the loans alone, it claims, amount to $262 million per year but government's domestic revenue generation was projected to amount to a mere $539 million because of all the under-invoicing and tax, customs and duty waivers this year.
The report documents the sale of civil servants' and ministerial quarters by the APC government in its final three months in office to mainly APC partisans at extremely low, under market prices. For example, Fanny Koroma, the daughter of former works minister Alimamy Petito Koroma, bought a well-appointed house on Wilkinson Road for Le.100 million, or $12,000. The price of a plot of land in that area is several times more than that.
Moreover, as we reported yesterday, the monies deposited in a special account for the sale of 29 of those government properties were stolen by the APC by the time President Bio took over.
Ex-President Koroma also sold several government properties to his friend, Mohamed Wanza, a notorious criminal who President Kabbah was stripped of his citizenship and deported.
The former President also bought, at very low prices, government properties on Spur Road and elsewhere that a Cabinet Conclusion had declared must be kept in reserve.
Another of the report's most damaging findings, according to the briefing to Global Times, was that the Transition Team found experts at the Sierra Leone Roads Transport Corporation who claimed that 100 buses bought by Minister of Transport and Aviation, the grimy Leonard ‘Logus Balogun Koroma, in China in 2014 were massively overpriced.
The SLRTC, for whom Logus bought the buses as a loan to be repaid, had advised against the purchase but were ignored, the report says. In fact, the SLRTC is emphatic that the $12 million allegedly spent by Logus to buy the buses in China can be used to buy 200 better buses.
Many of the Chinese buses have already been wrecked, and that are no spare parts for them. The team recommends a thorough of this deal as well as several other dubious deals costing hundreds of millions of dollars entered into by the APC. They include the Mamamah Airport project and the contract to purchase cars for Paramount Chiefs.
The Sierra Leone Telegraph will bring you full analysis and comments on the content of the Report ponce its made public later today.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
The A76 has been closed in southern Scotland due to what police have described as a "significant" gas leak.
The route was shut about one mile north of Kirkconnel in Dumfries and Galloway at about 16:00.
A short statement said that the road was likely to remain shut for several hours as a result of the incident.
Police Scotland said further updates would follow and advised people to share the information about the busy route.
A spokesman said there was no danger to the public but the road, which leads to New Cumnock, was being shut as a precautionary measure.
He added that no buildings had been evacuated as a result of the incident.
Gas engineers are at the scene to try to trace the source of the leak and tackle it.
She Is None Other Than Sara Ali Khan!
Yes, that's absolutely true! Even before her debut film 'Kedarnath' hits the marque, Sara Ali Khan has bagged her second film. This time, we would get to see her romance Ranveer Singh on the big screen in Rohit Shetty's Simmba.
A Fresh Pairing
Rohit Shetty and Karan Johar have signed Sara Ali Khan for the film, which will be directed by Rohit. Sara will be seen opposite Ranveer, who plays the role of a notorious cop, Sangram Bhalerao. The film, which brings together the fresh pairing of Ranveer and Sara, also marks the debut collaboration between Rohit Shetty and Karan Johar.
Check Out The Official Announcement
Dharma Productions tweeted, "A stunning fresh face + the unlimited energy of a superstar + the craft of the 2 biggest filmmakers = BLOCKBUSTER already! #Simmba @karanjohar @apoorvamehta18 @RanveerOfficial #SaraAliKhan
Ranveer On Working With Rohit Shetty In Simmba
Earlier while speaking to Pinkvilla, Ranveer had said, "I am so lucky to be working with Rohit Shetty, he is the king of masala films. People are looking forward to us working together and I am happy to see that kind of excitement level. These are the types of films I have grown up watching. Masala films are in my blood and I'm very excited to be working in Simmba. Better who than Rohit Shetty, the king of that genre, so I m definitely looking forward."
'It's An Incredible Feeling'
He further added, "If I have to give myself credit, I have made my own luck and opportunities could come my way. Now that it has, I am over the moon and I can't tell you how lucky I feel in and as Simmba in a Rohit Shetty film. It's an incredible feeling."
Simmba Is Not An Exact Remake Of Temper
Filmmaker Rohit Shetty had earlier clarified, "We have bought the rights of Temper but our film is not exactly a remake. We wanted to take four-five scenes from Temper but we thought it's better to buy the rights. It's what we did with Singham. Our film was different from the original Singham except a few scenes. Here also, we have written our own film taking the exact idea."
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder refused to halt the flow of crude oil through twin pipelines in a Great Lakes waterway as they are inspected for gaps in exterior coating, saying there was no imminent threat of a spill and the shutdown could cause a shortage of propane needed for winter heating.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
'People Will Never Forget How You Made Them Feel'
"My Ash,
A woman like you who is in harmony with her spirit is like a flowing river, never stagnant. She goes where she wants to without pretence; and arrives at her destination prepared to be herself and only herself.
People may forget what you said, they may also forget what you did but they will never forget how you made them feel."
Aishwarya, A Living Example Of Courage
"You are a living example that courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently! Your deep strength and pure energy introduces you even before you speak!
Rekha Praises Aishwarya In The Most Beautiful Way
"The worst thing you did was to be present with the ‘present' with gratitude. You pursued the things you loved doing; and then did them so well that people can't take their eyes off you.
You on your own are enough with nothing to prove to anyone. Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take but by the moments that take our breath away."
Rekha Calls Her 'Cool' Moon-faced
"You've come a long way, baby. Having endured many hurdles, like the phoenix you rise! And I cannot pen down in words how proud I am of that little ‘cool' moon-faced girl who took my breath away the very instant I first laid my eyes on her."
Rekha Blesses Aishwarya Rai Bachchan
"You always gave better than the best to all the roles you were bestowed with but my most cherished character of yours is the role of the complete ‘Amma' that you are, to the little bundle of pure joy called Aaradhya.
Keep loving and spreading your magic. Two decades of Aishwarya Rai Bachchan- wow!
Aashirwads and duas I wish for you more goodness and blessings; much more than your heart can contain!
Love you. Jeete raho. Rekha Maa."
You must be a Premium Subscriber to read: Financial Times
Gibraltar wants to rock to ICO beat
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Shrenu Shares The Horrific Incident
"As a kid I used to spend my vacations at my grandparents' town! Those days we travelled in a local bus! And when the seats used to be occupied my grandfather used to request someone to share the seat for me! Similarly one uncle offered to nanu that "il make her sit on my lap"." - (sic)
Shrenu Molested At The Age 6
"He willingly agreed thought at least I won't get tired, he made me sit on his lap! Me as a child couldn't know what's gonna happen to me I dozed off, only woke up to the feeling of being inappropriately being touched by that uncle!" - (sic)
The Actress Narrates Shocking Story
"I could sense something's wrong but I went all numb and thought it's ok for him to hold me like that! I could see my naanu standing a little away from me but couldn't tell him anything not then not later!" - (sic) (Image Source: Instagram)
She Wishes She Would Have Spoken About It & Punished The Man!
"I wish I would have spoken about it, I wish that man would've gotten his share of punishment for molesting a 6 year old!" - (sic)
Ishqbaaz Actress Further Writes
"Not once but so many such incidents have happened , I've known from my friends but we never talk about it! Never raise our voices cz we are scared of how the society will eventually not believe us and we don't stand for ourselves!" - (sic)
Ishqbaaz ‘Me Too' Moment
"What's happening with Gauri is something I'm sure we all have faced on some or the other level in our lives! And that's why m so glad we did this track so that women can come out and speak. If we don't own our truth anybody else will. This is just a small attempt to create a space for all of us to share our stories and raise our voices! #ishqbaaaz #metoo." - (sic)
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
SEATTLE (CBSMiami) – The 13th start of Ariel Miranda's major league career was his best.
The 28-year-old Cuban threw seven shutout innings, Robinson Cano and Nelson Cruz hit first-inning homers, and the Seattle Mariners cruised to a 6-1 win over the Miami Marlins on Monday.
Seattle earned its fourth victory in a row after a 2-8 start to the season.
A Christian Yelich fourth-inning single was Miami's only damage against Miranda until the third time through the order, and Yelich's solo homer in the ninth inning accounted for the lone Marlins' run of the night.
Miranda (1-1) tossed 97 pitches, striking out five while walking none and allowing just four hits. It tied Miranda's longest start as a Mariner, and he never before had an outing of more than six innings in which he held the opposition scoreless.
“He was really in control of the game the whole night,” Mariners manager Scott Servais said. “He had a little hiccup there in the sixth … but he got through it. Happy for him. He's throwing the ball really well — against a team, the middle of their lineup is tough. They can really swing the bats.”
Mariners starters have gone at least seven innings and allowed one run or fewer in three of the past four games.
For the first time this season, Cano and Cruz hit back-to-back homers. Jarrod Dyson walked to lead off the game, and Cano hit a 441-foot laser beam into the center-field seats. Cruz followed with a shot that landed not 30 feet away to give the Mariners an early 3-0 lead.
“Robbie absolutely crushed the ball,” Servais said. “Cruz said he didn't get it all, but that's Nelson Cruz. I think Taylor Motter got it all, the one he hit (in the fifth inning). It's great to see those guys get it going. That's what drives the train is the middle of our lineup.”
Leonys Martin went the opposite way with a single to lead off the fourth. He stole second, got to third on an error and scored on Jarrod Dyson's bloop double into left field. Cano then got his third RBI with a double off the wall in left-center.
Former Mariners star Ichiro Suzuki grounded out in all three trips to the plate but made a leaping grab at the wall in left field in the eighth that drew a roar from the crowd. He was greeted with multiple standing ovations and chants “Ich-i-ro” through his at-bats, plus during a pregame ceremony honoring his 3,000th career hit, a milestone he reached last season.
“It's been so long,” Suzuki said through his translator. “I could have been forgotten. For them to do that for me, I'm very thankful. It kind of reaffirms that this is a special place.”
Marlins starter Tom Koehler (0-1) lasted just four innings, allowing five runs on seven hits and walking three. He did pitch around some damage, striking out the side in the homer-riddled first inning, and he left the bases loaded in the third.
Jose Urena relieved Koehler after the fourth inning and finished the game. If not for a Taylor Motter blast into the left field bleachers that capped Seattle's scoring in the fifth inning, he would have completed four clean frames.
Motter's home run was Seattle's only hit off Urena, who struck out two while throwing 53 pitches.
“Jose kind of saved us there,” Marlins manager Don Mattingly said. “That's not what we're looking for to start the trip, but not having to use anybody else out there was about the only silver lining pretty much the whole night.”
By The Sports Xchange
Kansas City Royals' Hunter Dozier crosses the plate after hitting a solo home run during the seventh inning of the team's baseball game against the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Kansas City, Mo. Charlie Riedel AP Photo
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — John Gibson made 37 saves for his fourth shutout of the season, rookie Joseph Cramarossa scored his fourth goal and the Anaheim Ducks beat the Minnesota Wild 1-0 on Tuesday night.
Gibson stalled the league's fourth-highest scoring team, beating Minnesota and former coach Bruce Boudreau for the first time in three meetings.
The Wild were 0 for 5 on the power play and lost in regulation for the first time in six games and the fifth time since the start of December, a span of 34 games. Devan Dubnyk made 22 saves.
Cramarossa scored for the first time in 16 games 4:38 into the first period. Corey Perry's shot from Dubnyk's left side was stopped, but the puck dropped near Dubnyk's feet and Cramarossa alertly tapped it in.
Following the goal, Anaheim went nearly 10 minutes without a shot. Gibson had the cushion he needed, though.
Minnesota had 13 shots on goal in the first period and then peppered Gibson in the second with another 16 shots. The Wild outshot the Ducks 37-23 in the game.
Closing against Anaheim has proven to be a tough task for any team this season. The Ducks have allowed the fewest third-period goals in the NHL this season.
Minnesota had plenty of chances. The closest was Christian Folin's slap shot early in the third that deflected hard off the post behind Gibson. The Wild were shutout for the second time at home this season.
Minnesota had scored four power-play goals in the past two games and had 13 in its previous 13 home games. The Wild were a league-best 30.1 percent on the power play at home this season heading into the game and sixth overall.
NOTES: Ducks F Antoine Vermette was ejected in the third period with a game misconduct for abuse of an official. … Anaheim scratched D Sami Vatanen for the fifth straight game with a lower-body injury. The team listed him as day-to-day. … Minnesota scratched D Matt Dumba for the second game in a row with a lower-body injury. … The Wild reassigned C Tyler Graovac to Iowa of the American Hockey League after he cleared waivers. … The Ducks finished a season-long, six-game road trip at 2-3-1. Their last home game was Jan. 31.
UP NEXT
Ducks: Return home Friday night against the Florida Panthers.
Wild: Host the Dallas Stars on Thursday night.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
LeBron James did this on Tuesday night. It's a no-look nutmeg assist and it's phenomenal and wow, there is just so much going on here.
It's a two-handed between-the-legs pass. LeBron turned his head to even further throw off all the Timberwolves defenders. Kyle Korver was chilling at the 3-point line. LeBron didn't have to make that pass. He had options.
This is probably the greatest pass LeBron has ever made. Yes, he has pulled off no-look over-the-head passes and other incredible no-look passes, but do any of these compete with the no-look nutmeg?
I don't think so. None of those seem better — and yet somehow, I feel like he can do even better, though. I don't know how, but he's LeBron James.
One more thing to note: LeBron is averaging a career-high 8.8 assists per game this season.
In this May 28, 2018, photo, President Donald Trump speaks during a Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Va. Trump on Tuesday seized on an error by liberal activists who tweeted photos of young-looking immigrants at the U.S.-Mexico border in steel cages and blamed the current administration for separating immigrant children from their parents. The photos were taken by The Associated Press in 2014, when President Barack Obama was in office. The photo captions reference children who crossed the border as unaccompanied minors. Evan Vucci AP Photo
Lifetime's newest movie, The Simone Biles Story: Courage to Soar premieres on Lifetime tonight. The film is based on the book “Courage to Soar: A Body in Motion, A Life in Balance,” which was written by Simone Biles and was released in 2016.
The movie follows Simone Biles through the sacrifices and hard work that ultimately ed her to win 19 Olympic and World Championship medals and cemented the stake as one of the greatest gymnasts of all time. After a trip to a gymnastics training center when Simone was only 6 years old, a local coach recognized her gift for the sport.
Simone Biles pursued her dream though it meant giving up high school football games, prom and starting college at UCLA. The film premieres Saturday, February 3 at 8 p.m. EST on Lifetime. It will be followed by the special “Biography Presents: Simone Biles: American Gold,” which airs at 10:02 p.m. EST.
Read on to meet the cast of Lifetime's new movie.
Jeanté Godlock as Simone Biles
smile… 🙂 #paulgregoryphotography A post shared by Jeanté Godlock (@jea_nte) on Jan 12, 2018 at 10:07am PST
Jeanté Godlock stars as gymnast Simone Biles. Godlock was born and raised in South Central Los Angeles. She has a passion for sports, fitness, acrobatic gymnastics and 10 years of training experience, making her a good fit to play the Olympic gymnast in the new film. She landed the lead role in an independent film titled Dear Dodd, which releases in 2018.
Julius Tennon as Ron Biles
Julius Tennon stars as Ron Biles, Simone's father. Tennon was born on December 24, 1953 in the United States. He is now an actor and producer known for his work in Small Soldiers, Dazed and Confused, and Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. He is married to Viola Davis and has one child.
Tisha Campbell-Martin as Nellie Biles
Tisha Campbell-Martin stars as Nellie Biles, Simone's mother. Campbell-Martin is an American actress and singer known for her roles as Gina Waters-Payne on the FOX series Martin and as Janet Marie Johnson-Kyle on the ABC series My Wife and Kids. More recently, Campbell-Martin stars in Real Husbands of Hollywood as herself. She was also a celebrity guest on The $100,000 Pyramid and performed voice acting on 6 episodes of Legends of Chamberlain Heights.
Raven Bowens as Adria Biles
A post shared by Raven Bowens (@raveybaby_) on Dec 22, 2017 at 11:28am PST
Raven Bowens stars as Simone Biles' sister in the new film. Bowens is an American actress and producer known mostly for her work on Mr. Student Body President, The New Edition Story and Future Man. She has also made appearances in Tattoo Girlfriend, Madden Rivals, The New Edition Story and Seize. She co-produced Meat Puppet: The Filmed Experience in 2017.
Also Starring
Chicago White Sox bullpen still a work in progress
hello
The Chicago White Sox's bullpen is far from set as the team focuses on rebuilding the rest of the roster. When the time comes, GM Rick Hahn said the Sox will see which of their minor-league prospects, like Carson Fulmer, separate themselves from starters and bullpen guys. Associated Press File photo/Sept. 2017
For the last 15 months, Chicago White Sox general manager Rick Hahn has spent most of his waking hours shaping the future lineup and starting rotation.
When the time is right, Hahn will get around to addressing the bullpen.
"As we project our future bullpens, we're going to have to be a little bit patient and see how some of our minor-league prospects develop," Hahn said. "Some of them are going to fulfill their promise as potential top-end starters and join future rotations for us. Some others are going to wind up playing critical roles in what we hope will be a quality bullpen in the future.
"At this time, we have to continue to let them develop and see which ones separate themselves."
There is a lot to watch on the Sox's bullpen of the future front.
Zack Burdi was projected to be the closer as early as this season when he was drafted No. 26 overall in 2016.
That projection has been pushed back. Burdi, a Downers Grove South High School product, is expected to miss the entire upcoming season after having Tommy John surgery in July.
"It shows you can make the best laid plans and sometimes the baseball gods laugh," Hahn said after Burdi went down with the elbow injury last summer while pitching for Class AAA Charlotte. "But certainly, part of what we're trying to accomplish here is accumulate as much talent as possible knowing that things happen. One way to insulate yourself against the unpleasant surprises is having a critical mass of options in the system and that's what we're trying to accomplish."
The White Sox drafted two promising relief pitchers -- Tyler Johnson (fifth round) and Kade McClure (sixth round) -- in 2017.
They also have a pool of minor-league starters that might pitch out of the bullpen when they reach the majors. Carson Fulmer, Dylan Cease, Dane Dunning, Alec Hansen, Spencer Adams and Ian Clarkin are all in that group.
To fill out this year's bullpen after trading David Robertson, Tommy Kahnle, Anthony Swarzak, Dan Jennings and Tyler Clippard last season, Hahn acquired veterans Joakim Soria and Luis Avilan in a January trade from the Dodgers.
Hahn also brought in experienced bullpen arms like Jeanmar Gomez, Robbie Ross, Bruce Rondon and Rob Scahill as bridge relievers to 2019.
Holdovers Nate Jones, Juan Minaya, Gregory Infante and Danny Farquhar add more depth.
"Anytime you can add more additional late inning options, guys who are used to pitching in high leverage situations, it can only make the choices that the manager has stronger and make his job a little bit easier over the course of the summer," Hahn said.
After Robertson was traded to the Yankees last July, Minaya took over as the White Sox's closer and converted 9 of 10 save opportunities.
Manager Rick Renteria has several options at closer this season. Soria was a setup man for the Royals the past two years, but the 33-year-old righty has 204 career saves and is comfortable pitching in the ninth inning.
"It's not something I'm looking for, but if they give me the chance I will be happy to have that role," Soria said.
More than a decade after Nick Saban took over as the coach of Alabama, the rest of the Southeastern Conference is still trying to figure out how to consistently beat him.
A lot of coaches have tried. A lot of them have ended up unemployed.
Now a new group will take a shot.
Five of the league's 14 programs — including Texas A&M (Jimbo Fisher), Mississippi State (Joe Moorhead), Arkansas (Chad Morris), Florida (Dan Mullen) and Tennessee (Jeremy Pruitt) — have a new head coach. Ole Miss coach Matt Luke is in his first season as the permanent head coach after working last season under an interim tag.
For those schools, recent spring practices were vital in trying to quickly establish a winning foundation in the unforgiving conference.
Morris — who came to the Razorbacks after three years at SMU — knows it's a daunting challenge.
“I definitely think this is an extremely tough league. The best league in college football,” Morris said. “It's been proven year in and year out. But with that being said, I can't control the other teams. What I can control is the Arkansas Razorbacks.”
Pruitt said building an elite program requires much more than on-the-field adjustments.
“Eventually around here when we have things the way we want it, I won't have to police them anymore,” Pruitt said. “They'll police themselves because there will be folks so vested in the program, that paid the price … they're not going to let any of their teammates, roommates or whoever let them down so they'll confront them.
“But until then, I'll be the one that does all the confronting.”
Saban, now in his 12th year at Alabama, still has the Crimson Tide far above the competition. The program won a fifth national championship in nine seasons in January and shows no sign of slowing down.
Alabama's dealing with its own transition after losing both co-ordinators and several other assistant coaches to other jobs. Pruitt, who is now the Volunteers' coach, was the former defensive co-ordinator.
“We have six new faces around here, but they all seem to fit in and they're all doing extremely well,” Saban said. “I'm excited about them and I like every one of them and to be honest with you, we're very, very fortunate and hit a home run with the guys we were able to hire.”
Alabama's national championship victory makes it easy to forget that Auburn won the SEC's Western Division after beating the Tide in the Iron Bowl. The euphoria was short-lived after the Tigers lost to Georgia in the SEC Championship Game and then watched as Alabama was picked for a spot in the College Football Playoff.
Auburn coach Gus Malzahn is entering his sixth season — tied for the second-longest tenured in the SEC. The Tigers hope that the relative coaching longevity can give them an advantage in the race to challenge the Tide.
Georgia will try to repeat as SEC champions after losing star running backs Nick Chubb and Sony Michel. Third-year coach Kirby Smart won 21 games during his first two seasons with the Bulldogs.
——
Some other things to watch across the Southeastern Conference:
FLORIDA REGROUPS
Florida turned to its past to find a new head coach during the off-season, hiring Mississippi State's Dan Mullen . The 45-year-old Mullen was the offensive co-ordinator at Florida when Tim Tebow was quarterback and helped the Gators win national titles in 2006 and 2008. Mullen — who has built a reputation as a quarterback guru — will try to rebuild an offence that's mostly sputtered over the past decade.
JIMBO IN COLLEGE STATION
Texas A&M made arguably the most impressive coaching hire in the SEC when it lured Florida State's Jimbo Fisher to College Station . Fisher won a national championship with the Seminoles in 2013 and will try to do the same with a Texas A&M program that's been stuck in the middle of the SEC Western Division since it joined the league in 2012.
TENNESSEE REBOOT
It's been a lost decade for Tennessee's football program, which has mostly struggled since longtime coach Phillip Fulmer was forced out in 2008. The Volunteers now turn to Pruitt , who was the defensive co-ordinator at Georgia and Alabama before coming to Knoxville. Tennessee has plenty of uncertainty on the roster, including at quarterback. Jarrett Guarantano started six of the final seven games last year, but must hold off a challenge from Stanford graduate transfer Keller Chryst, who will arrive on campus during the summer.
ALABAMA QBs
The quarterback competition between Jalen Hurts and Tua Tagovailoa should continue into preseason camp. Tagovailoa broke a finger in his left, passing hand and was limited throughout the spring, sitting out the A-Day game. Hurts, who is 26-2 as the starter, turned in an unimpressive scrimmage performance. Hurts' father, Averion, indicated to Bleacher Report that the junior would transfer if he didn't win the starting job. Neither passer was made available to the media during the spring.
ORGERON IN YEAR 2
LSU coach Ed Orgeron had a rough start to his first full season after losses to Mississippi State and Troy, but the Tigers recovered and finished with a respectable 9-4 record. Orgeron's second year should also be challenging. The Tigers have several starting spots up for grabs and must figure out answers before a brutal schedule that includes games against Miami and Auburn in the first three weeks of the season.
——
More AP college football at http://www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25 .
——
AP Sports Writers John Zenor, Steve Megargee and Kurt Voigt contributed to this story.
I hope that you're ready for Duke to be the biggest story in all college basketball for the second straight season.
Because it's happening.
Late on Monday night, live on Sportscenter, Marvin Bagley III, who may just be the best basketball prospect in the world that is not currently on an NBA roster, announced that he will not only be attending Duke for his one-and-done season, but that he'll be reclassifying and enrolling this season.
This is not much of a surprise, mind you.
We all pretty much knew that this was how the Bagley saga was probably going to end up playing out, which means we've all had time to think through just how this decision is going to affect what happens during the 2017-18 season.
For me, it will bump Duke up to No. 1 in the NBC Sports Preseason Top 25, and I hardly imagine that I'll be alone in that sentiment.
With Bagley now in the fold, Duke has four five-star prospects enrolling in this class, including the potential No. 1 pick and two more borderline top five recruits in point guard Trevon Duval and big man Wendell Carter. Throw in scoring machine Gary Trent Jr., and that's a well-rounded, talented recruiting class. All four of those freshmen should be expected to start alongside Grayson Allen, the most well-known and disliked college basketball player in the country who, according to Mike Krzyzewski, is finally healthy and back to playing like the guy that was an All-American as a sophomore and the Preseason National Player of the Year as a junior.
Youth is going to be a major issue. Allen is the only rotation player that is an upperclassman, and the other two returnees are Marques Bolden and Javin DeLaurier, neither of whom got much experience playing last season. Depth is going to be another problem as well, as Duke's reserves will likely be made up of some combination of Bolden, DeLaurier and freshmen Alex O'Connell and Jordan Tucker.
The talent on this roster, however, is undeniable, just like last season.
But unlike last season, the pieces actually fit together. Duval should be excellent at the point, and while he finally gives the Blue Devils a point guard to replace Tyus Jones, he has a reputation for being more of an attacker than a ‘pure point guard'; frankly, Duval is the biggest concern I have with this team. On the wings, Trent and Allen are scorers with three-point range that will spread the floor and make defenses pay for helping off of them. Carter, who many believe to be the second-coming of Al Horford, should be able to handle his own on the block, and his face-up game is better than you may realize.
And then there's Bagley, who is the ideal for what Duke is looking for at the four spot. He's big enough that he can defend as a four — or even a five — but he's skilled enough to play on the perimeter in four-around-one lineups. The Blue Devils did not previously have a guy that can fill that Jayson Tatum, Jabari Parker, Justise Winslow, Brandon Ingram role, and Bagley is probably better suited to do it than any of them.
At the very least he should being the most on the defensive end. He's actually built like an NBA big man as opposed to effectively being an oversized guard.
It's all there.
And I totally understand why you don't want to hear it. I don't really want to say it, not after this led to this led to this, ending in this.
But the simple fact of the matter is that Duke, right now, has the most talented and well-rounded starting five in college basketball.
They deserve to, at the absolute least, be in the conversation for preseason No. 1 team in the country with Arizona, Michigan State and Kansas, and you'll have a hard time convincing me they shouldn't top those rankings.
Let's assume most voters agree with me on that.
What that means is that the Blue Devils will be preseason No. 1 with the potential No. 1 pick in the 2018 NBA Draft on their roster alongside Grayson Allen, the most famous — well, infamous — college basketball player we've seen in at least a decade.
And I haven't even mentioned that we still have to wait to find out if and when Bagley will clear by the NCAA.
I hope you've gotten over your Duke fatigue from last season.
Because, without question, Duke. Is. Back.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Iyanla Vanzant talks about the new season of her show, “Fix My Life” on OWN. The season, she's helping out Neffie, Keyshia Cole‘s sister, who worked her way into the hearts of viewers on Keyshia's reality TV show. Iyanla explains why Neffie reached out to her, the crisis she was going through that many women deal with, and why her situation was unique. Iyanla also explains why she hasn't spoken to DMX since their tumultuous time working together.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
Plus, she talks about Evelyn Lozada‘s return to Basketball Wives, saying “a different Evelyn is going back to Basketball Wives” and working with ex-NBA wife Laura Govan, who was “reinventing herself.” Click on the audio player to hear more in this exclusive interview on “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show.”
RELATED: Gary's Tea: How Iyanla Vanzant Went Too Far On “Fix My Life” [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
RELATED: Iyanla Vanzant Tries To Fix Gary With Da Tea's Life! [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
RELATED: Why Iyanla Vanzant Is Disturbed By Chris Brown [EXCLUSIVE AUDIO]
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Philadelphia Eagles running back Jay Ajayi heads upfield during practice at the team facility in Philadelphia on Jan. 26. The Eagles face the New England Patriots in Super Bowl LII on Sunday in Minneapolis. Matt Rourke AP
Golf fans — fans of Tiger Woods, rather — are so emotionally tied up in his success that it's tough to see things clearly. Tiger doesn't do much to help matters by constantly underplaying his injuries, it must be said, but if the latest news on the 14-time major champion proves to be true, it's tough to deny reality any longer.
Via USA TODAY‘s Josh Peter:
On Monday, a Q&A session with the media scheduled for Tuesday was postponed until today. On Tuesday, the news conference was scrapped altogether. “After receiving daily treatment the last several days on his on-going back spasms, Tiger Woods has again been advised by doctors to limit all activities and will not hold a press conference Wednesday,'' Greg Bell, a member of the tournament's PR team, said in a statement.
Tiger Woods' agent, Mark Steinberg, followed up with ESPN about the release:
“This is more precautionary,” Steinberg said in a phone interview with ESPN.com early Wednesday morning. “This isn't about him not doing a press conference. What is going to be accomplished? What is he going to say? That he hopes his back spasms calm down.
Tiger's latest back flare-up is the product of a long, commercial flight to Dubai, an injury so severe that it forced a withdrawal from that tournament and others. Now, through some combination of not wanting to talk about it and not wanting to hurt his back even more, he's skipping press conferences.
I, like many fans, don't want to see a supreme legend of the game go out this way. I've tried to remain optimistic about the whole thing. It's simply not true to say there's no path for some form of comeback. Tiger is not the first — and he won't be the last — golfer to suffer a severe back injury.
Tiger wouldn't even be the first to figure out how to deal with it. To do so he'd need to overhaul his swing and make preventing back injury his first, second and third priority. Rocco Mediate, who suffered severe back problems of his own, did exactly that. Even in his most recent return, Tiger Woods' swing looked more or less the same. You can't beat a back injury in golf. It'll always be there; the best you can do is manage it.
Maybe Tiger does something no top-level competitive golfer has ever done before: only play four events a year — the four majors. Enough with the trips to Dubai and the week-in, week-out appearances. Tiger's first (and in many cases, only) goal throughout his career has been winning majors. It's become painfully obvious he can't do that maintaining any semblance of a regular schedule, so perhaps all that's left is to strip it down entirely.
Tiger could get through this, but it'd require massive, sweeping, unconventional changes. The kind golf has never seen before. The question, rather, isn't whether it's possible, but instead whether Tiger Woods should even bother trying.
—
A large proportion of gay men on dating apps lie about their age, height or weight, a new survey reveals.
Out of almost 4,000 guys, three out of ten said they lied, in a grabhim.net survey.
Only three per cent said they lied about how well endowed they were, however—perhaps not surprising given that 83 per cent said they sent dick pics.
Over a quarter of the men surveyed said they thought most of the guys they went on to meet in person were less attractive than they had been led to expect.
Most said they needed to see at least three photos of another guy before agreeing to meet, but 30 per cent said they had met up without seeing a picture.
Half of the initial meetings between guys who meet on apps are at one of their homes.
The most popular app was Grindr, used by 29 per cent of guys, with Scruff coming second at 16 per cent, and others using apps such as Tinder and Jack'd.
HIV-negative guys said they were unlikely or highly unlikely to initiate contact with someone whose profile said they were living with HIV.
Almost half of guys living with HIV said they disclosed their status in their profile, and 90 per cent said they would disclose it before sex.
Just 10 per cent of positive men said they would only disclose their status if specifically asked.
Almost three quarters of the survey respondents said they were looking for more than a hookup—such as dating or a friend with benefits relationship—from using the apps.
Around half of the guys who do get together after meeting on an app end up hooking or dating.
Research earlier this year showed that young gay and bisexual men are also using hookup apps to make like-minded friends.
By Gail Finke
The statues can't be repaired, but Christ's love can't be harmed, said Father Satish Joseph, pastor of Immaculate Conception Church in Dayton.
Long before dawn on Wednesday, two people visited the parish's Shrine of Our Lady of Belmont – twice. They didn't come to pray, but to topple several of the statues brought here from Italy in 1958.
Smashed beyond repair, the statues were discovered early in the morning. The police reports were made, the security camera footage was turned over, the social media posts went out… and people started coming.
“We didn't' expect the kind of support we got from the neighborhood,” said Father Satish. “People just walked in and said, ‘How can I help?' A tavern put a bottle out for donations to repair the shrine. People from around the country saw the Facebook page and wanted to help.”
Catholics, non-Catholics, even atheists. “Several people started setting up online funds for us. We didn't ask them to. I asked them to close them, and set up one for the parish” because so many people wanted to contribute.
The “Dayton Daily News” wrote about the damage. Local television news captured the schoolchildren praying by the wreckage.
“We asked them to pray three Hail Mary's for the people who did this,” Father Satish said. “We told them not to meet anger with anger.”
Thursday, he said, some of those children brought flowers to leave in the grotto. “People have been coming by all day to pray and to light candles,” he said.
It's not the first time the shrine has been vandalized. Shortly after its construction, Father Satish said, some of the statues were defaced with tar. In 2011, statues and other church property was spray-painted with Satanic signs.
“We had a professional crew clean it, and give everything a special coating so that if it ever happened again, the paint could be removed,” he said. “But this time they weren't painted, they were smashed to the ground.”
The central figure of Mary was not toppled, but a flower pot was smashed into her crown, and a Hula Hoop was hung around her neck.
The shrine will be rebuilt, Father Satish said, although whatever replaces the broken statues will look different from the figures people have visited for decades.
“I'm not angry at all, I'm just sad,” he said. “For me the sadness if for the people who would express whatever pain they have this way, for that kind of poverty.
“At Immaculate Conception, our theme is to think like Jesus, talk like Jesus and act like Jesus. On Sunday, I am going to say that this is the mystery of the cross. Violence never wins. No matter how much you try to destroy God's love – and the cross is the most violent thing there is – more love comes from it.”
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — A U.S.-based rights group says Iran has sentenced an Iranian-American art dealer and his wife to prison for being Zoroastrians.
The announcement early Wednesday by the Center for Human Rights in Iran marks the latest case of a dual national being imprisoned by Iran in a closed-door hearing before its hard-line Revolutionary Court.
The group says art dealer Karan Vafadari was sentenced to 27 years in prison. It says his Iranian wife, Afarin Neyssar, who has permanent residency in the U.S., received a 16-year sentence.
The group cites a letter that Vafadari wrote to it from Tehran's Evin prison for the information.
The sentences have yet to be reported in Iran. Iran's mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) — The University of Kansas did not produce any written reports of an independent examination of its athletics department amid a federal investigation of corruption in college basketball because an external report wasn't necessary, Chancellor Douglas Girod said.
The university review came before Kansas was named earlier this month as one of the schools where a former Adidas representative allegedly arranged payments to parents of athletes to ensure the athletes committed to the schools.
Girold said Monday he was given verbal briefings after last fall's review but he didn't receive any written reports. The university's review was prompted by an Oct. 11 memo from the NCAA requiring Division I basketball programs to examine their men's basketball programs “for possible NCAA rules violations, including violations related to offers, inducements, agents, extra benefits, and other similar issues.”
On April 13, Girod said in a statement that he had “complete confidence” that the athletics department had followed all rules.
“We didn't feel the need to release an external report,” Girod said. “What we needed to be sure of is that we are comfortable and confident in the way our team operates and in meeting any and every requirement necessary.”
When The Lawrence Journal-World filed an open records request seeking all written reports related to the review Kansas officials said no such records exist. The newspaper said without a written report it was difficult to determine what the university examined and what methods were used.
Kansas hired an outside law firm but said the firm only provided assistance on technical matters.
Girod said Monday the examination reviewed several records to determine whether there is anything the university should be concerned about and found nothing.
The latest federal indictment in the wider investigation alleges that a former Adidas executive paid a mother and a guardian of two basketball players at least $130,000 to ensure they would play for the Jayhawks. No Kansas officials were implicated.
“We have gone back to look at anything we have access to, and we can't find any evidence of that,” Girod said. “But we don't have access to everything. That is all we really can do — make sure that on our side of the house we are doing everything appropriately and properly.”
She's a real Donaldganger.
Dolores Leis Antelo is making Spain's Costa da Morte great again – thanks to her uncanny resemblance to President Trump.
The farmer from Nanton, La Coruna, was photographed clutching a hoe and gazing into the distance, an image that hearkens to Trump wielding a golf club on one of his greens.
On social media, where the snap has gone viral and been retweeted almost 5,000 times, Antelo has been dubbed the “Donald Trump of the Costa da Morte,” reported Newsweek, which cited a report in La Voz de Galicia.
“My photo seems to have traveled far. I say it is because of the color of my hair,” she told the Spanish news outlet.
Even her complexion hints at Trump's skin tone, thanks to the rays of sunlight breaking through clouds of dust she raises while planting potatoes.
Her daughter Ana said: “Imagine if we were in Donald Trump's family!”
But unlike the president, she doesn't own a cell phone or post anything online — including on Twitter.
“I have never been curious to have one but I do look at what my daughters show me. They say this picture will make me famous but I don't get why,” she said.
Kamal Haasan, the veteran actor, is one of the finest talents, Indian film industry has ever seen. As we all know, Kamal Haasan is not only an exceptional actor, director, and writer, but also a strong follower of Indian cinema.
Photo Courtesy: Behindwoods
Recently, the multifaceted talent picked his 70 all-time favourite Indian films, for the 70th Independence day special edition of Hindustan Times. Interestingly, Kamal Haasan's favourites list include eight Malayalam films, something which the industry can be proud of.
Have a look at Kamal Haasan's favourite Malayalam films here....
Chemmeen (1965) The first film in Kamal's favourites list. The classic movie, which was an adaptation of Thakazhi's classic novel of the same name, was directed by Ramu Karyat. Chemmeen had featured Sathyan, Sheela, and Madhu, in the lead roles.
Anubhavangal Paalichakal (1971) The movie, which featured the legendary Prem Nazir-Sathyan duo, was also adaptation of Thakazhi's popular novel of the same name. The movie was scripted by Thoppil Bhasi and directed by KS Sethumadhavan.
Nirmalyam (1973) The movie, which was written and directed by MT Vasudevan Nair, was an adaptation of his short story Pallivalum Kalchilambum. Nirmalyam won the National Film Award of 1973, for the Best Feature Film, while PJ Antony won the Best Actor trophy.
Swapnadanam (1976) Swapnadanam, which has been considered as one of the finest works of KG George, is another Malayalam film in Kamal Haasan's favourites list. The highly acclaimed movie has won the National Film Award of 1976, for the Best Feature Film in Malayalam.
Kodiyettam (1978) The fifth film in Haasan's list is Adoor Gopalakrishnan's classic movie, Kodiyettam. Bharath Gopi went on to bag the National Film Award trophy for the Best Actor, for his performance in the acclaimed movie.
Ee Nadu (1982) Kamaal Haasan's another favourite Malayalam film is the Mammootty-Ratheesh starring political drama, Ee Nadu. The 1982-released movie still remains as one of the best works of IV Sasi-T Damodaran duo.
Namukku Parkkan Munthiri Thoppukal (1986) Namukku Parkkan Munthiri Thoppukal, the Mohanlal-Padmarajan movie which has been considered as one of the classic love stories of Malayalam, has also found a place in Kamal Haasan's favourites list.
Thaniyavarthanam (1987) The 1987-released Mammootty movie, which marked the debut of Lohithadas as a scenarist, is another favourite Malayalam film of Kamal Haasan. Thaniyavarthanam, which was directed by Sibi Malayil, was a huge critical and commercial success.
Surprisingly, Kamal Haasan hasn't chosen even a single Malayalam film of 1990's and 2000's in his favourite films list. Instead, the multiple National Award-winner went on to choose the classic films of 1960's to 1980's in his favourite Malayalam films list.
Kamal Haasan has enlisted his 22 films in various languages, among his 70 all-time favourite Indian films list. He has also picked several classic films from Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Marathi, Bengali, and Hindi films, as well as a silent film, in his favourite list.
The actor, who released his favourite Indian films list pointed out that these films are strictly his personal favourites. Kamal Haasan also admitted that he has not watched several iconic films of Indian film industry.
Syrian band brings music of Aleppo to Berlin
hello
In this Dec. 18, 2016 picture Abdallah Rahhal, singer of Musiqana, a Syrian band based in Berlin, performs during a concert marking the release of their record at the former silent movie cinema Delphi in Berlin. Musiqana draw both German and Syrian people to their concert of traditional Arab music, although the band admit it is difficult to perform while the humanitarian disaster in and around Aleppo continues to unfold. Associated Press
In this Dec. 18, 2016 picture Abdallah Rahhal, singer of Musiqana, a Syrian band based in Berlin, performs during a concert marking their record release at the former silent movie cinema Delphi in Berlin. Musiqana draw both German and Syrian people to their concert of traditional Arab music, although the band admit it is difficult to perform while the humanitarian disaster in Aleppo continues to unfold. Associated Press
In this Dec. 18, 2016 picture Abdallah Rahhal, singer of Musiqana, a Syrian band based in Berlin, waits to perform a concert marking their record release at the former silent movie cinema Delphi in Berlin. Musiqana draw both German and Syrian people to their concert of traditional Arab music, although the band admit it is difficult to perform while the humanitarian disaster in Aleppo continues to unfold. Associated Press
In this Dec. 18, 2016 picture, Musiqana, a Syrian band based in Berlin, perform during a concert marking their record release at the former silent movie cinema Delphi in Berlin. Musiqana draw both German and Syrian people to their concert of traditional Arab music, although the band admit it is difficult to perform while the humanitarian disaster in Aleppo continues to unfold. Associated Press
BERLIN -- Instead of bombs there were beats. Guitars took over for guns. And there were cheers, not screams. But Aleppo was never far from the minds of the band Musiqana and the crowd at its record release concert in Berlin.
"I didn't know if I should cry or be happy," said Samaa Hijazi, a 20-year-old medical student has been in Germany about five years but grew up in Syria. "I was thinking about the times my father sang these songs. I sang them together with my brother. And they are all still in Syria."
Lead singer Abdallah Rahhal, 28, is an Aleppo native, and the band's music is the city's version of Arab Tarab, a traditional Arab music often referred to as "musical euphoria," with emotional and poetic lyrics.
They've been working on the five-track, self-produced recording called "The Beautiful One" since forming as a band in January, but almost called off the release party, saying it didn't feel right to celebrate and dance while the humanitarian disaster in and around Aleppo continued.
But in the end, they decided it was better to go ahead with the performance on Dec. 18, bringing their Tarab songs, known to most in the Arab world, to a European audience.
"Every day there is tragedy, and every day we play music," said guitar player Adel Sabawi, who is from Damascus. "We came here not to make the people happy but we have a message: it is true that we are displaced, but we have music, and we have traditional music, and we try to bring it here."
The five band members are all recent arrivals, part of a wave of hundreds of thousands who have made their way to Germany over the past two years. They met at an event called "refugees in concert," and have since played more than two dozen concerts as a band, the largest one with the Berlin Philharmonic orchestra in front of 1,500 people.
The record release concert drew a mix of Germans and Syrians to a 1920s venue that used to be a silent film cinema before becoming a vegetable warehouse in what was once East Berlin.
Many Germans had come to learn more about the Syrian culture of the migrants that are living next to them.
"I was simply curious," said Heike Winter after the concert. "I wanted to get to know these people and their music. And I'm really happy that they brought their culture here."
Rahhal said the last 12 months has provided the band the opportunity to "tell the German people about our culture. About our music. About how we make parties."
He says he also hopes interacting with his German hosts will help them see him and his bandmates as something other than refugees.
"Refugee, that's not my name. And it is not my work. I'm a singer. I'm a Syrian man," he said. "But the problem is that my situation is that I'm a refugee. It is only the situation."
Ryan Mayer
Houstan Texans defensive end J.J. Watt has become known nearly as much for his charitable work off the field as for his play on it during the last few years. In recognition of that charitable work, Baylor University College of Medicine presented Watt with an honorary doctorate degree in Humanities of Medicine on Tuesday night.
Watt was honored alongside Houston Emergency Medical Services director Dr. David Persse for their efforts in the wake of the damage caused by Hurricane Harvey in the Houston area last year. Watt raised over $37 million for various relief efforts in the aftermath of the storm.
Baylor president, CEO and executive dean, Dr. Paul Klotman praised the pair for their work during the ceremony.
NEW YORK (AP) — After a brief, flawless “Auld Lang Syne,” it was all downhill for Mariah Carey on New Year's Eve.
A representative for the million-selling superstar cited technical difficulties for a disastrous appearance on “Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest,” which aired on ABC and was the subject of widespread mockery on social media.
Carey's mood seemed to range from frustration to resignation as she struggled with the pre-recorded musical tracks. Telling the revelers jammed into Times Square that there had not been a sound check for her hit song “Emotions,” she lamented that “we're missing some of these vocals, but it is what it is.”
“Let the audience sing,” she decided as she paced the stage.
“I'm trying to be a good sport here,” she said, adding her own sarcastic review of the performance. “That was … amazing.”
The next song, “We Belong Together,” went no better. At times, she lowered the microphone from her mouth and the music, vocals and all, kept playing, making it clear she was lip-synching.
“Unfortunately there was nothing she could do to continue with the performance given the circumstances,” Carey spokeswoman Nicole Perna said Sunday.
A representative for Dick Clark productions did not immediately return an email seeking comment.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
HENDERSON, NV--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Firma Holdings Corp. ( OTC PINK : FRMA), through its subsidiary GracePoint Mining Corp, is pleased to announce that, in its partnership with Atlas Minerals Holdings II, the processing of mineralized tailings has begun at the Aldama Plant, located in Aldama, Chihuahua.
Additionally, the Joint Venture is pleased to announce that is has acquired control of 50,000 tonnes of tailings with gold / silver values that appear to be economic, based on limited initial sampling and recover-rate testing.
Processing at the Aldama Merrill Crowe processing plant will start a pilot-test run of tailings at the rate of 40 tonnes per day. If the gold and silver grades contained in the tailings confirm the vender's representations and the results of Gracepoint's limited initial sampling, the plant will continue to process these tailings until it reaches its full estimated "Phase 1" throughput capacity of 2,000 tonnes per month, which should occur before the end of the second month of operation.
GracePoint holds an exclusive tolling lease with the Aldama Merrill Crowe processing plant, including an option to purchase the company that controls the plant. The plant was completely refurbished in 2014, as a tolling facility, for the processing of local and regional ores and concentrates. The facility is in excellent condition, fully permitted, fully staffed, and immediately operational.
Additionally, the Joint Venture Agreement announced on November 7, 2016, has been terminated. All interest in the underlying project, the Cobriza Groupings, was returned to the previous owner.
About Firma Holdings Corp. (http://www.FirmaHoldings.com)
Firma currently holds active subsidiaries in mining and technology.
GRACEPOINT MINING CORP currently has five mining projects that encompass over 48,000 acres in Mexico. The 100% owned Don Roman district has 70+ distinct structures identified within 8 km diameter of centralized processing mill; the 100% owned Picacho group has 9 gold-bearing veins over 4 mineralized target areas with an aggregate vein strike length of over 10.8 km; the 50% Joint Ventured Magistral project, which includes the exclusive rights to process approximately 1.2 million tonnes of mineralized mill tailings, grading an average of 2.06 gold per tonne (79,000 ounces of gold), and is in close proximity to the 100% owned 500 TPD Dynamic Cyanide counter current system plant; the 50% Joint Ventured Durango Smelter Project; and the 50% Joint Ventured Aldama Project.
Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: The statements contained herein are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, certain delays beyond the Company's control with respect to market acceptance of new technologies or products, delays in testing and evaluation of products, and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Please read the full disclaimer at www.FirmaHoldings.com. Please read the full disclaimer at www.FirmaHoldings.com.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Ii's a big week for Sam Smith. With ‘Too Good At Goodbyes' climbing the radio charts, he just released a second new single ‘Pray'. Tomorrow he will be musical guest on SNL. Now we get the ‘gift' he teased fans about.
The new album ‘Thrill Of It All' will be released November 2nd, you can pre-order HERE. The track list is below:
Too Good at Goodbyes
Say It First
On Last Song
Midnight Train
Burning
Him
Baby, You Make Me Crazy
No Peace feat. Yebba
Palace
Pray
The tour is accompanied by a tour! Tickets go on sale November 12th, 10 am and come with a copy of the new album. Below are the tour dates including Chicago, United Center, August 15, 2018.
All the hard work you do for your business will be for naught if you can't get clients or customers to actually pay you.
If you sometimes have issues closing deals and collecting payments, an upcoming webinar may be able to help. DocuSign is hosting the webinar, Make it Rain Money: Close Deals Faster and Speed Up Collections on March 13. It will feature concrete tips you can use to improve the invoicing process and improve your chances of getting paid.
By attending the event, you also get access to whitepapers and ideas to improve your company's systems related to payments and invoicing. Learn how to sign up for the webinar in the Featured Events section.
That's just one of the upcoming events that could benefit your small business. Check out even more opportunities in the list below.
To see a full list or to submit your own event, contest or award listing, visit the Small Business Events Calendar.
Advertisement
Featured Events, Contests and Awards
WEBINAR: “Make it Rain Money: Close Deals Faster and Speed Up Collections”
March 13, 2018, Online
Would you like to bring revenue in the door faster? Do you want every edge possible to get paid fast? Register today for this webinar to learn how other small businesses are eliminating their pain points in the contract and invoicing process, through use of electronic signature and invoicing apps. Walk away with concrete tips for how to get contracts signed and invoices paid faster. Plus, get access to DocuSign whitepapers with actionable ideas for how to improve YOUR company's systems. Register today!
Are you an Entrepreneur and need to get away and take a break? Ready to recharge, rejuvenate in new surroundings and be inspired by other like minds? Then, you can't miss the 4th annual Entrepreneurs Cruise! Entrepreneurs Cruise 2018 takes place April 22nd to 29th, 2018 onboard the Royal Caribbean ‘Oasis of the Seas' Cruise Ship departing Orlando (Port Canaveral), Florida, sailing to Philipsburg (St. Maarten), San Juan (Puerto Rico), Labadee (Haiti). Register today!
DigiMarCon East 2018 Digital Marketing Conference takes place May 10th to 11th, 2018 at the luxurious New York Marriott Marquis in Times Square, New York City.
It's the one digital marketing event you can't afford to miss! Whether your goal is to reinforce customer loyalty, improve lead generation, increase sales, or drive stronger consumer engagement, DigiMarCon East 2018's agenda will help attendees enhance their marketing efforts. Sessions will focus on building traffic, expanding brand awareness, improving customer service and gaining insight into today's latest digital tools. Register today!
TECHSPO Houston 2018 is a 2-day technology expo which takes place JUNE 6 – 7, 2018 at the luxurious Houston Marriott Eaton Centre Hotel in Houston, Ontario. TECHSPO Houston brings together developers, brands, marketers, technology providers, designers, innovators and evangelists looking to set the pace in our advanced world of technology. TECHSPO Houston 2018 promises to be better than ever and we're excited to see all the amazing tech companies and talent that will join us. Register today!
This small business virtual conference is dedicated to supporting entrepreneurs at all stages who are stuck in the daily grind of building their businesses and struggle to get solid advice and guidance. An amazing panel of experts in various disciplines and business coaches will share tips & tricks on topics including Growth, Marketing, Management & Business Building for Success. Register today!
More Events
More Contests
Public Vote to Crown America's Most Unique Small Business Underway
November 08, 2018, Online
This weekly listing of small business events, contests and awards is provided as a community service by Small Business Trends and SmallBizTechnology.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A longtime volunteer and co-founder for the MLM Christmas Store, which started back in 1973, received a well-deserved award recently.
Those who volunteer with Pat Welsh say she is very shy, but they thought she deserved to be recognized, which is why they nominated her for Fox 4's Pay-It-Forward Award.
Those who know Pat say she works year round on the store and helps coordinate the 500 volunteers it takes to successfully run the store each Christmas.
"This has been her passion for many, many years," said Kelly Seward, who was one of the people who nominated Welsh for the award. "And she is amazing. I`ve known Pat since my first day working here, and if it`s 100-degrees out in July or if it`s 3-degrees in January, Pat is working on the Christmas store or in our warehouse."
Seward said she waited all year to nominate Welsh.
"There`s no way we can count how many things are in people`s homes that Pat has touched, that she`s bought or she`s packaged up, tallied, given out," Seward said. "So she`s paid it forward more ways than we can ever count."
Welsh was shocked when presented with the award and $300. She even asked if this was real. Watch the video above to see her reaction.
FOX 4 loves your ideas for our future Pay-It-Forward stories. To nominate someone who's not a relative, click on this link.
Collin MacGregor
There are a lot of different weapons in Destiny 2, but some of the most powerful are Exotics. However, some excel far more than others in both PvE and PvP activities. Perhaps one of the most intriguing Exotics is the Kinetic pulse rifle the Vigilance Wing. Unlike Power and Energy, there are not a ton of Kinetic Exotics to choose from, so the Vigilance Wing mainly has to compete with Legendary weapons. However, with so many useful Exotics such as the Merciless, Borealis, and Skyburner's Oath one has to question if this gun is even worth your time.
Let's break down the Vigilance Wing and see how it holds up:
Vigilance Wing Perks:
Harsh Truths: Weapon fires in a 5-round burst. When a nearby ally is killed you gain health regeneration and movement speed.
Weapon fires in a 5-round burst. When a nearby ally is killed you gain health regeneration and movement speed. Corkscrew Rifling: Slightly increases range, stability, and handling speed.
Slightly increases range, stability, and handling speed. Alloy Magazine: Faster reloads when the magazine is empty.
Faster reloads when the magazine is empty. Last Stand: Improved performance when the wielder is the last living member of a fireteam.
Improved performance when the wielder is the last living member of a fireteam. Composite Stock: Slightly increases stability and handling speed.
PvE Performance
When it comes to PvE (Player vs Environment) the Vigilance Wing is a pretty hard pass. While the five-round burst is nice for outputting damage, the perks are incredibly underwhelming. Having most of the gun's special abilities trigger upon having a teammate die is not ideal, especially in late-game activities. If you end up being the last man on your fireteam then something has gone horribly wrong and that improved performance is not going to save you.
In terms of its actual functionality, the Vigilance Wing is incredibly stable and what recoil it has is incredibly manageable. You can easily land critical hits consistently and with little issue, allowing you to maximize that special five-round burst. The drawback to this component is that you will burn through ammo very quickly, especially in trickier, more elaborate fights. If you are looking for a PvE Exotic then avoid the Vigilance Wing, it's just not worth it when weapons like the Sturm and Sweet Business perform far better.
PvP Performance
Even though the MIDA Multi-Tool is reigning supreme right now, the Vigilance Wing is still a surprisingly strong option. The Harsh Truths perk activates fare more frequently, allowing skilled players to make the most of this weapon. As long as you stick with your team this is a fairly easy to truly push this weapon to its limits. However, keep in mind this weapon is only really effective if you can consistently land headshots on foes. This weapon deals 13 damage per bullet on a body and 18 when it hits the head of a Guardian.
Keep in mind that most users will be able to see you on the radar, so consider pairing the Vigilance Wing with the Knucklehead Radar. This weapon is not for those who want to play hyper aggressive, so take advantage of its range to pick foes off. While there are some better choices for Kentic PvP weapons this Exotic is a solid choice if you are looking for something different. Just make sure to play with your comrades otherwise this is simply a mediocre pulse rifle.
From Inside Line Promotions
STILLWATER, Okla. (March 19, 2018) – Zane Hendricks is slated to make his sprint car racing debut on April 6-7 when the Lucas Oil ASCS National Tour presented by SawBlade.com invades the dirt track at Texas Motor Speedway in Fort Worth, Texas.
The current USAC P1 Insurance National Midgets driver for Tucker-Boat Motorsports will pilot a sprint car for Brad Loyet, who is currently recuperating from injuries suffered in a shop accident earlier this year.
“I'm really excited about racing a sprint car for the first time,” Hendricks said. “This deal just kind of came up out of nowhere. I can't thank Brad and Joe Loyet enough for this opportunity. I wouldn't be anywhere near where I am in my racing career without their help. Since he's unable to race himself this year, Brad has openings for funded drivers in his 410, 360 and midget cars. We encourage anyone who is interested to take advantage of the great opportunity to work with the Loyets.”
There was no particular reason that Hendricks chose to make his first start at Texas Motor Speedway other than it fits his and Loyet's schedules.
“We just decided to race at Texas because Brad was anxious to get to a track soon and I had that weekend open,” he said. “I'm excited about it and maybe a little nervous. I've never sat in a sprint car before. And it will definitely be the biggest track I've ever raced on. But that might be a good thing for my first time since the cars should get a bit more spread out than on a smaller track.
“This is the only sprint car race we have planned for now. We've talked a little bit in the past about maybe doing some non-wing sprint car stuff, like maybe with the WAR Series, sometime in the future. And we've considered someday racing a sprint car on a regular basis, especially since the cost of racing a 360 is about the same as a midget. But first we'll see how things go that weekend.”
Hendricks's midget racing schedule for this season will remain intact.
“We're still focused on driving for Tucker-Boat Motorsports on the USAC tour this season,” he said. “We are also planning on running about 12 to 14 POWRi National races.”
The Delhi's Patiala House Court on Wednesday reserved its order on Congress leader Shashi Tharoor's anticipatory bail plea for tomorrow, in connection with the death case of his wife Sunanda Pushkar.
Meanwhile, the Special Investigation Team (SIT) opposed Tharoor's anticipatory bail plea in Patiala House Court.
“We will wait for the order.it is listed for tomorrow. We have argued it in the court and let's see what the results state. The report today which has been filed in the court is contrary to their own charge sheet that has been filed one month back,” advocate Vikas Pahwa told media here.
“Anyways, they have taken a stand and the court will pass the order,” he added.
On June 5, the Delhi court had issued a summon notice to Tharoor in the connecting case.
Tharoor, who has been charged for “abetment to suicide and cruelty” in the case, was asked to appear before the court on July 7. The court had also taken cognizance of the charge-sheet filed in the case.
Earlier on May 24, the Delhi court, which was hearing the case, transferred the matter to the Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate (ACMM), Samar Vishal.
The court had said, “Since he (Tharoor) is a sitting Member of Parliament, the matter is being sent to the special designated court for politicians, that is ACMM Samar Vishal. Matter be taken up on May 28.”
On May 14, the Delhi Police had filed a charge sheet in the court, in which it named Tharoor as an accused, under sections 306 (Abetment of suicide) and 498A (Husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Tharoor, however, had dismissed the charge sheet filed as “preposterous”.
Sunanda was found dead under mysterious circumstances in a suite of a five-star hotel in Delhi on the night of January 17, 2014.
Family law is a collective term used in describing those laws that deal with any matter that has a significant impact on family relationships, like abuse, custody, divorce and adoption. In this write-up, you will get to learn one or two things about family law in Nigeria. Yes, you are not a lawyer; be that as it may, you still need to get adequately informed about these things.
Family law is very broad. As a result, only the marriage and divorce aspects will be covered in this write-up.
• Marriage
According to section 49 of the Marriage Act, there is limited recognition of foreign marriage between parties, one of whom must be a citizen of Nigeria. When a Nigerian decides to get married to a foreigner, such a marriage must be contracted before a Nigerian official or a Nigerian court official with a minimum rank of a Secretary. If not, such a marriage will not be counted as valid by the Nigerian family law.
Section 3(1)(c) of the Matrimonial Causes Act provides that “A marriage will be declared as void if such marriage is not a valid marriage under the law of the particular place or location or country where the marriage had taken place, especially by reason of failure of the husband and wife to comply with all the requirements of the law in that particular country. With respect to the form of solemnization of marriages”
• Divorces & annulment
The Nigerian family law gives recognition to marriage dissolution decree or nullity if it is made in accordance to the law of a foreign country with respect to that under section 81 (2-9) of the Matrimonial Causes Act.
If a marriage had been dissolved in a foreign country, it is recognized as dissolved in Nigeria too, provided the dissolution was done in line with the guidelines of the foreign country.
• Grounds for divorce
The only ground for divorce under the Nigerian law is if the marriage has completely broken down and it is not retrievable. The petitioner must make case to satisfy the court of law that there is lack of consummation in the marriage, and that there is case of adultery and the fact that the petitioner finds it very intolerable to live together with the respondent.
Other grounds for divorce are highlighted below
° The other party to the marriage has been away from the petitioner for a given period of time and therefore provides reasonable ground for the presumption that he or she is dead.
° The other party to the said marriage, for the minimum period of 1 year, has failed to comply with a decree of conjugal right and restitution.
° The parties involved in the marriage have been living separately for a continuous period lasting for at least three years before the petitioner filed the petition.
° The parties to the marriage have lived apart for at least two years continuously after the petition has been filed and there is no objection to the divorce on the part of the respondent.
Once marriage breaks down, the court has the power to settle property or allocate financial resources at the instance and also for the benefit of the parties and the children produced in the marriage.
Source: http://vastfinder.blogspot.in/2017/01/family-law-in-nigeria-all-you-need-to.html
One of the multiple endings of Salman Khan starrer will have Salman Khan in a double role. While the makers have shot multiple endings to maintain the suspense of the film, the latest development suggests Salman Khan to have a double role in one of the multiple endings.
Race as a franchise is known for its twists and turns, elevating the level of action and suspense, the third installment of the franchise is presenting yet another shocking turn of events. With the double bonanza of Salman Khan, Race 3 is all set to stir the excitement amongst the fans even more.
Race 3 takes the Race franchise to an all-time high with action a notch higher and suspense that will leave you at the edge of your seats. With the action sequences being shot extensively in Thailand, Abu Dhabi and Mumbai, it is set to break the box office records.
Marking the festive season of Eid, Race 3 proves to be a complete festive bonanza, with action, family drama, suspense, romance and promise of blockbuster songs.
Starring an ensemble cast of Salman Khan, Jacqueline Fernandez, Anil Kapoor, Bobby Deol, Saqib Saleem and Daisy Shah, the action thriller is undoubtedly one of the most awaited films.
Produced by Salman Khan Films and Ramesh Taurani under the banner of Tips Films, Race 3 is directed by Remo D'souza and will hit theatres on 15th June 2018.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — One of the most powerful state lawmakers in Minnesota is leaving the Legislature.
Republican House Majority Leader Joyce Peppin announced Wednesday she would retire to take a private sector job. Peppin is a seven-term lawmaker from Rogers who had served as House Majority Leader since 2015.
Peppin says she never considered the Legislature a full-time career and is ready to return to the private sector. She is taking a job as Director of Government Affairs and General Counsel for the Minnesota Rural Electric Association.
House Majority leaders are integral legislative leaders who help run floor sessions and keep a majority's party together on critical votes. Peppin's departure adds an extra layer of intrigue to the 2018 election in which all 134 House members are on the ballot.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Neighbours hold basement ‘dig downs' to ransom
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
NewsCatholic Church
NEW YORK, April 18, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – The Vatican has lent a collection of historical liturgical vestments and other sacred objects from the Sistine Chapel's sacristy to a New York gallery for a secular exhibition. While many Catholics may consider the Vatican's inclusion of the items approaching sacrilege, a Vatican cardinal is defending the decision.
The event running May 10-October 8 at the Metropolitan Museum of Art is titled Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination.
The show includes an exhibition of women's dresses modeled after clerical clothing worn by priests and bishops. It also includes a dress showcasing a naked Adam and Eve that has a revealing transparent top. It also includes a woman's dress modeled after a nun's religious habit, with a mock rosary as part of the design.
Also included is a woman's outfit featuring a short black skirt with a brazen sleeveless-and-shoulderless top that features an icon of Our Lady with the Christ Child.
Many of the items were created by fashion designers who say they are Catholic. Our Lady of Fatima stressed modesty in dress in her 1917 appearances to the three children, warning that “certain fashions will be introduced that will offend Our Lord very much.”​
Another clothing item meant to be worn by a man imitates the papal regalia, including the mitre (ceremonial headdress).
Andrew Bolton, the Museums' Head Curator, explained in a promotional video that “the design certainly gravitates toward religious imagery for provocation.”
The exhibition aims to "examine fashion's ongoing engagement with the devotional practices and traditions of Catholicism," states an overview of the exhibition on the museum's website.
"Serving as the cornerstone of the exhibition, papal robes and accessories from the Sistine Chapel sacristy, many of which have never been seen outside The Vatican, will be on view," the overview adds.
Cardinal Gianfranco Ravasi, the Vatican's “cultural minister,” defended his decision to lend the sacred articles to the secular event. He denied that the Vatican's participation in the event was “unfitting,” reported German bishops' news website Katholisch.de on April 10.
The Cardinal said that there can be a dialogue between the Church and the fashionable world of beauty. He contributed an essay to the exhibition's catalog.
According to Ravasi, fashion is an important form of today's communication. While the exhibition shows luxury objects – which is not part of the Church's life – Ravasi explained that the Church still has to try to enter “that part of the other world where there exists evil.”
Ravasi, who is the President of the Pontifical Council for Culture, has sent to New York more than fifty masterworks from the Vatican collection.
The Vatican has sent to this art exhibition the following religious items, according to a Vogue article:
The pieces range in date from the mid-18th to the early 21st centuries and encompass more than 15 papacies. The earliest is a mantle worn by Benedict XIV, and the latest is a pair of red shoes worn by Saint John Paul II. Several of the pieces have never been seen outside the Vatican, including a suite of 12 vestments commissioned by Empress Maria Anna Carolina of Austria for Pius IX. Dating to the mid-19th century, they required 15 women more than 16 years to complete.” Another highlight, he added, will include a papal tiara given to the same pope, Pius IX, by Queen Isabella II of Spain that contains 19,000 precious stones, 18,000 of them diamonds.
The fashion exhibition was made possible with the help of the fashion company Versace, whose founder, Gianni Versace, was an LGBT icon.
Stocks at record levels after Yellen remarks
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
PORTLAND, Ore.—- Part of Naito Parkway near N.W. Davis street Has been approved 15,000 people are using the better Naito cycle track. $165.000.00 was invested to enhance the key signals and make necessary improvements. The Crosswalk on Steele bridge ramp gives key access to Waterfront Park.
Reducing conflict between cars turning onto the bridge. All changes make it easier for cyclists on lower deck of the bridge. They won't have to use the Esplanada. More cycle tracks and protected bike lanes will be a proven safe way to get around by bike.
Aretha Franklin cancels concerts due to doctor's orders The singer has been ordered by her doctor to stay off the road and rest completely for at least the next two months.
Jennifer Hudson to play Aretha Franklin "[Hudson] will be cast in the biopic, to be filmed next year, of Aretha, and Aretha has chosen Jennifer to play her,” Clive Davis said Saturday.
Aretha Franklin says she's 'doing well' “I've lost a lot of weight due to side affects of medicine, it affects your weight," the Queen of Soul shared.
Aretha Franklin's friends comment on her health Tuesday morning Franklin was trending on Twitter with murmurs she was on her deathbed.
Aretha Franklin to perform at Elton John's AIDS gala John's annual AIDS charity event on Nov. 7 at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York.
Aretha Franklin is opening a nightclub in Detroit after retirement The Queen of Soul announced her retirement this year and said 2017 would be her last year of doing concerts.
Plaque honoring Aretha Franklin placed at childhood home Mayor Jim Strickland unveiled the plaque on Wednesday at the small wooden home where the singer was born in 1942.
Detroit names street after Aretha Franklin The street-naming launched four days of events for the inaugural Detroit Music Weekend.
Photo: Ron Elkman / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Pitbull is bringing his Dale energy to the United Nations.
The Miami-based pop star will address the U.N. in New York City on March 22 about the global water crisis on World Water Day (via ABC News).
Related: Pitbull Helps Puerto Rico Cancer Patients with Private Plane
The Clean Water organization has announced Pitbull as the Clean Water Here Ambassador for the event.
The rapper will also receive the 2018 World Water Champion Award for his global humanitarian efforts, which includes sending his private plane to Puerto Rico to help cancer patients.
Pitbull is at the forefront of this year's “Clean Water Here” awareness campaign, which includes Bruno Mars, Pink, Maroon 5, Demi Lovato, Monica and Juanes.
Chrissie Hynde: ‘Let's just have a ball'
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
The wedding venue of Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli was held at the countryside resort in Tuscany, Italy and it's the second most expensive holiday destination in the whole world and is owned by Mr. John Phillips, a former US ambassador to Rome and an Obama appointee during his administration.
John Phillips, bought the entire hamlet and turned it into a luxury resort called Borgo Finocchieto which can only be accessed by the rich and the powerful. The countryside resort comprises of a grand manor house with 22 suites and several villas clustered around a central piazza.
PRESS RELEASES
19th March 2018 (Debert, Nova Scotia, Canada) – The Peerplays Blockchain Standards Association (PBSA), has grown its team more than 200% with 10 new hires ahead of a series of launches on the Peerplays blockchain this year.
Among the hires joining the PBSA team, which is headquartered in an ex-military nuclear bunker in Nova Scotia, Canada, are seven developers and hires filling four newly created operations positions.
The PBSA, which promotes provably fair gaming standards for the Peerplays blockchain, is bolstering its team in preparation of the launch of several new DApps in 2018.
These include Bookie, a decentralised sports betting exchange, and 5050Labs, a gaming project designed to aid organisations with fundraising.
PBSA president Jonathan Baha'i said: “Since launching last year, the PBSA team is expanding rapidly and it is fantastic to be able to welcome so many talented new faces.
“The Peerplays blockchain will be powering a series of revolutionary products throughout this the year, so it was critical that we put a world-class team in place to ensure these products are delivered to the very highest standards.
“The PBSA is always on the lookout for exceptional people who can help the Peerplays blockchain fulfil its potential, and we will continue to expand in the coming months.”
For more information, please contact:
Square in the Air Communications
David Bartram
+44 (0) 20 3586 1978
david@squareintheair.com
About Peerplays Blockchain Standards Association (PBSA)
Peerplays Blockchain Standards Association (PBSA) is a non-profit organization registered under the Canada Not-for-profit Corporations Act.
The PBSA promotes provably fair gaming standards for the Peerplays blockchain globally, by encouraging and supporting the development of the Peerplays blockchain and related infrastructure for the benefit of the Peerplays blockchain.
It also conducts supporting research pertaining to the Peerplays blockchain, promotes awareness and education, engages in advocacy with relevant industry bodies, and provides assistance and funding with other activities that support the Peerplays blockchain.
Comments
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
SIT suspect that the four leaders, one of them a retired Army Colonel, of a pro-Hindutva outfit hatched the plot to kill Gauri Lankesh and other rationalists. The 6 persons arrested in connection with the case so far were only the executioners.
SIT suspect that the four leaders, one of them a retired Army Colonel, hatched the plot to kill Gauri Lankesh and other rationalists.
The Special Investigation Team (SIT), probing the murder of journalist-activist Gauri Lankesh, has revealed that 4 top-level satraps of a pro-Hindutva outfit hatched the plot to kill her and other rationalists.
According to reports, the 6 persons arrested in connection with the case were only the executioners and 4 other persons were involved in conceiving the entire plan. The investigators have launched a hunt to nab these 4 accused.
Updating….
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
BLADWORTH, SK--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) - New road signs honouring the memory of impaired driving victim Danille Kerpan will be unveiled this Tuesday, October 10 -- the third anniversary of the crash that tragically claimed her life.
Danille's parents, Melanie and Allan Kerpan will join The Honourable Joe Hargrave, Minister Responsible for Saskatchewan Government Insurance, and MADD Canada for the sign unveiling ceremony on Tuesday afternoon.
Media are invited to attend the sign unveiling and hear from special guests.
Date: Tuesday, October 10, 2017 Time: 2 p.m. Location: Townline Road, 1 kilometre east of Highway 11, near Bladworth, Saskatchewan Special Guests: Melanie and Allan Kerpan The Honourable Joe Hargrave, Minister Responsible for Saskatchewan Government Insurance Andrew Murie, MADD Canada Chief Executive Officer Steve Sullivan, MADD Canada Director of Victim Services
Two signs will be permanently installed near the location of the 2014 crash which killed Danille, on Townline Road, south of Bladworth in Saskatchewan.
Roadside memorial signs are a powerful and lasting way to honour victims and to remind motorists about the tragic consequences of impaired driving. MADD Canada thanks the Kerpan family for their courage, and the Government of Saskatchewan for its leadership in establishing this roadside memorial for victims of impaired driving.
Hungary plans to detain asylum seekers in shipping containers
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Diamonds have generated a lot of money and loads of love stories. But diamonds have also launched wars and heartache.
Now, start-up companies are growing the sparkles in labs instead. De Beers is the largest diamond dealer in the jewelry box. It's been around 130 years, you know the tagline, “diamonds are forever”. In the past it wasn't very nice about “lab diamonds,” saying the real-deal, or nothing.
BUT folks worry about the ethical ramifications around mining diamonds, especially Millennials. So, The Hustle reports that De Beers now has a new company, called Lightbox Jewelry.
Guess what? They'll now sell lab-grown diamonds (“oh, is that wild or farmed?”).
That company is supposedly coming to Oregon. We'll keep our eye on it.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The prospect of Reading Elvis turning on the Christmas lights has received huge support in the town.
The festive event, held at Broad Street Mall, marks the beginning of the eight week Christmas trading period, and last week it was revealed a campaign had been launched to make the local celebrity the star attraction this year.
So far the overwhelming response to Trevor Absolom's idea has been positive, and the manager of the Reading town centre mall didn't exactly dismiss the idea either.
However, he did say whoever switches on the light would need to draw in the footfall traders in the shopping centre are used to.
And it seems lots of people would go to see Reading Elvis - AKA Dave Allon - turn on the lights, with 91 per cent of people taking part in our poll saying so.
One reader Phillip Baker said: "I think thats a brilliant suggestion. To me he is a real local celebrity and not the like the wannabes from programs like Big Brother."
Would you go to see Reading Elvis turn on the Christmas lights? Survey of 898 getreading readers
And in agreement, Trevor Nixon wrote: "Brilliant. Reading Elvis brings the meaning of good will to Reading folk.
"Let's celebrate someone who's from the town, Reading Elvis will do it for free, boss Graham Mountford hasn't dismissed the idea yet so lets just see."
Another Reading man Anit Lanu added: "My whole family are behind this!
"We the public should choose and he is Reading through and through. One lovely harmless man who we all love."
While Jenny Terry said: "Only going if Elvis switches them on! Won't bother otherwise."
Mr Mountford has been contacted for a further comment.
Are you sure we're not back in the ‘90s?
With everyone playing Crash Bandicoot, Wipeout and a spiritual Banjo-Kazooie successor, we're starting to wonder whether we somehow passed out in a DeLorean during the New Year's celebrations.
Most interesting of all these retro rebirths, though, is Sonic the Hedgehog. He was one of the biggest stars of the decade, but ever since? He crashed harder than Macaulay Culkin. That's not down to any lack of trying on Sega's behalf, either. We've seen Sonic undergo more reboots than Batman and James Bond combined.
But now, it seems Sega (with the help of developers Handcannon and PagodaWest Games) has finally figured out the best way to get their mascot running at full speed again – return him to his Mega Drive origins.
City of Las Vegas Mayor Carolyn Goodman announced a 'no caps' social media challenge and placed a bet with Washington, D.C.'s mayor ahead of the Stanley Cup Final.
On Friday morning, Mayor Goodman officiated the challenge on Twitter using '#nocaps' as the Vegas Golden Knights prepare to play the Washington D.C. Capitals on May 28 after her on-air radio interview with The Chet Buchanan Show.
Knights' fans who wish to take part in the social media challenge can change their auto-capitalization option in their phone settings.
In addition to the #nocaps challenge, the City of Las Vegas is encouraging fans to wear the team's colors on "Knight Up Days" when the Knights play, according to a release.
In a separate tweet, Mayor Goodman declared a friendly Stanley Cup Final bet with D.C mayor Muriel Bowser. The losing city's mayor must wear the winning city's team jersey and send a local treat basket, Goodman said.
Knights' fans who wish to take part in the social media challenge can change their auto-capitalization option in their phone settings.
The Knights and Capitals are scheduled to play Monday, May 28, Wednesday, May 30, June 2 and June 4; and, if necessary, June 7, June 10 and June 13.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
A dog dressed in Santa Claus costume take part in the Santa Claus Run in Budapest, Hungary.
REUTERS
Another year has come upon us all. That means WWE's 2K series is ready to build upon its solid foundation.
WWE 2K18 is arriving with all the bells and whistles featured in past entries while also improving upon its mechanics in big and little ways. And as expected, its roster will offer a massive gathering of Hall of Famers, current Superstars and up and coming talent from the developmental brand. This year's main cover star (Seth Rollins) perfectly encapsulates the themes present in this year's WWE 2K installment – “Redesign, Rebuild, Reclaim.” The only AAA-developed wrestling game on the market wants to make sure its fanbase has everything they requested from before and more.
With all that being said, let's get into everything you need to know about the 5th WWE game under the 2K banner.
1. 29 New Superstars Will be Making Their Debut
WWE 2K18 has now taken the claim for its series as being the entry that features the biggest roster to date. 29 all new Superstars will be joining the already massive collection of Superstars who've starred in past installments. Members of the Cruiserweight Division such as TJP and Akira Tozawa, NXT stars such as No Way Jose and Ember Moon and more are just some of the new names you can expect to see this year. And of course, past Superstars who've updated their appearance and entrance will have those changes reflected in-game. For example, Jinder Mahal's transition from lowly jobber to WWE Champion is perfectly represented by his new entrance (which can be viewed below):
2. Adjustments are Being Made to MyCareer, MyPlayer and Other Legacy Modes
Like last year's release, WWE 2K18 is set to make its experience all the more lifelike and up-to-date as possible. The visuals are stronger than they've ever been, plus audio changes (such as the in-game NXT arena crowd reflecting the relatively lower volume of their cheers) have been made. Plus this year's commentary team will compose of Michael Cole, Byron Saxton and Corey Graves.
Fans of the older SmackDown games will be happy to know that eight Superstars will once again be able to simultaneously fight in the ring (six for the Nintendo Switch Version). Along with that change to the in-ring action, the Royal Rumble Match has been retooled for the better and now you'll be able to easily pick up or drag your opponent to specific points.
WWE.com made sure to describe the two main areas that will be enhanced for MyCareer mode and a cool new MyPlayer feature:
– Renewed focus on compelling stories for MyPLAYERs: 2K will introduce a more in-depth story for MyPLAYERs, the players' created Superstar in MyCareer, to follow. The MyPLAYERs can pursue two distinct routes to glory in this virtual MyCareer Universe: a “Company Man” path which focuses on supporting the General Managers, or a “Fan Favorite” path that puts the onus on MyPLAYERs to have the best matches and in-ring interactions. – The ability to roam freely backstage: MyPLAYERs now have access to an expansive backstage area in MyCareer that will allow them to seek out new side quests and interactions with other Superstars. Rather than sifting through tedious menu options, MyPLAYERs can choose their next adventure just by approaching a Superstar backstage and striking up a conversation. – MyCareer will add the ability for friends and family to actually invade a MyPLAYER's ongoing experience. MyPLAYERs can now invade their friends' MyCareer save, and vice versa. Invading MyPLAYERs can act like any other Superstars in the backstage area, meaning they can become a new tag team partner, a rival or an unlikely partner for an in-game side quest.
3. Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson” is the Brains Behind This Year's Soundtrack
WWE legend Dwayne Johnson aka “The Rock” has been handed the reins for this year's soundtrack curation. You can read up on his official statement above on why he selected the following songs listed below:
– Blues Brothers – “Soul Man”
– Boston – “Smokin'”
– Bruno Mars – “Runaway Baby”
– Disturbed – “Down With The Sickness”
– Eazy-E – “Boyz-N-The-Hood”
– George Thorogood & The Destroyers – “One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer”
– Joe Walsh – “Rocky Mountain Way”
– Kanye West – “Black Skinhead”
– Kid Rock – “You Never Met a White Boy Quite Like Me”
– ¡MAYDAY! (feat. Tech N9ne) – “Last One Standing”
– Tech N9ne (feat. Krizz Kaliko, Serj Tankian) – “Straight Out The Gate”
4. The Season Pass Comes With MyPlayer Boosts, Roster Additions and More
Five DLC packs have already been announced, which will release throughout late 2017 and early 2018. These packs can be bought separately or all together by obtaining WWE 2K18's Season Pass. Fans can look forward to getting new roster members, moves and MyPlayer boosts. Check out the full slate of DLC packs below:
1. Accelerator Pack – $5 – Players will gain access to all unlockable content available at launch in the game's VC Purchasable section (excluding downloadable content). Players can also decide the overall rankings and attribute levels for all playable characters throughout the life of the product. 2. Enduring Icons Pack – $10 – Matt & Jeff Hardy (The Hardy Boyz)
– Ricky Morton & Robert Gibson (The Rock'n'Roll Express)
– Beth Phoenix 3. MyPlayer Kick-Start Pack – $10 – Players will gain access to unlock and boost MyPlayer ratings and attributes made available at launch as part of the game's MyCareer mode. Players can also unlock all clothing made available at launch that provides attribute boosts in MyCareer. 4. New Moves Pack – $4 – tiebreaker
– Crash Landing
– Pumphandle Death Valley Driver
– Swinging Sleeper Slam 5. NXT Generation Pack – $10 – Aleister Black
– Drew McIntyre
– Elias
– Lars Sullivan
– Ruby Riot
5. WWE 2K18 Comes in a Standard, Deluxe and Collector's Edition
WWE 2K18's pre-order bonuses are plentiful. The Standard Edition's goodies includes two playable versions of of WWE legend Kurt Angle – “American Hero” (2001) and ECW “Wrestling Machine” (2006). Fans who decide to pre-order the Deluxe Edition get access to the Season Pass, Early Access that lets them play the game on October 13, immediate access to the MyPlayer Kick-Start Pack, two playable versions of John Cena (ECW One-Night Stand 2006 & WrestleMania 26 from 2010) and playable WWE legends Batista and Rob Van Dam.
And finally, WWE 2K18's Collector's Edition (which has been nicknamed the “Cena (Nuff)” Edition) offers the following physical and digital bonuses:
– a copy of WWE 2K18's Deluxe Edition
– access to the Season Pass
– playable WWE legends Batista and Rob Van Dam
– two playable versions of John Cena (ECW One-Night Stand 2006 & WrestleMania 26 from 2010)
– two playable versions of of WWE legend Kurt Angle – “American Hero” (2001) and ECW “Wrestling Machine” (2006)
– exclusive premium packaging, which includes a unique cover sleeve
– an exclusive Mattel John Cena/”Cena Nuff” action figure featuring alternate T-shirt options
– a Fanatics Limited Edition Commemorative Plaque with a piece of the ring mat and a hand-signed photo from John Cena that celebrates his 16th WWE Championship victory at the 2017 Royal Rumble
– WWE SuperCard limited edition in-game cards featuring John Cena, Batista and Rob Van Dam, as well as an exclusive “Cena (Nuff)” card back
Buy WWE 2K18 here.
Buy the Deluxe Edition of WWE 2K18 here.
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17Lzm
— Military life can be tough for couples separated on special occasions like Valentine's Day. How do you say "I love you" from a remote location halfway around the world? A group called the Golf Capital Chorus offered an answer. They spent Tuesday serenading the spouses of deployed members of the military.
Alan, Frank, Jerry and Vern are retired residents of Pinehurst who have been singing together in a barber shop quartet for years. One of their regular gigs is to stand in for soldiers who can't be home on Valentine's Day, delivering musical messages of love.
Dressed in plaid knickers, bow ties and blazers, they sing for free, and the payoff is in the reaction. Frank Horton says the Valentine serenades create special memories for the spouses and the singers, like the deployed husband who met his wife, got engaged and got married on Valentine's Day.
"When we sang to her, and it got into the first song, and she immediately teared up," he said, "because he was away and she was left with the children."
"We've had times when their husband calls them on the phone while we're singing to them. It becomes pretty emotional, and sometimes it's hard to sing," Jerry Ritter said.
On Tuesday, it was Nicole Bullock, wife of Staff Sgt. Joshua Bullock, who got the holiday surprise. Her husband is stationed in the Middle East, but, through the chorus, he managed to deliver a special Valentine.
"I think is beyond unbelievable," Nicole Bullock said. "I'm shocked. We have been together for over 13 years."
Her message back to him?
"Joshua, I love you more than anything, and I can't wait until you come home," she said.
The chorus sings for free as their gift to deployed soldiers. For those who aren't deployed, the cost is $40, and for civilians it is $50. The Golf Capital Chorus donates those funds to local charities.
Even those who missed out on Valentine's Day can schedule their services. They sing on birthdays, anniversaries and other special occasions.
Kater Kennedy of Frost scored a 79-point ride in the ranch bronc division, and finished second overall at the 65th Annual Chisholm Trail Rodeo last weekend in Nocona. (News photo by Eric Viccaro)
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: How Trumponomics will set the pace for market uncertainty in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Billy interviewed John Rzenik of Goo Goo Dolls and in the interview they talked about the band's upcoming tour, their new EP, writing songs, dealing with music critics, and more.
Billy asked John whether the band still needs to practice. “This band definitely needs to rehearse. Because we all live in separate cites,” John said. “We all have got to get together and scrape the rust off.”
On why they came out with an EP, ‘You Should Be Happy', instead of a full album. “I didn't feel like waiting around for two years. Like get done with the tour and then go into making a record and sitting there trying to write ten songs. I had a couple of songs, I had a couple of new songs that I really loved and I thought they were great…No body buys albums any more everybody buys singles, so take the best material you've got and put it our every few months,” he said.
During the conversation the subject of music critics came up, and how the band deals with bad reviews. “Once this guy really really slammed us. And I got a hold of his phone number…and I called him. And I said to him, “How much did they pay you to write that crap review of us?' and he's like, “It doesn't matter.” And I was like, “I'll pay you twice as much just to leave me alone.” And he was very very insulted,” John said.
Billy asked the band where they fit into today's music genres. “I don't know where we fit in…If I can write a good song and a lot of people can relate to it, that's the only space I want to fill,” He said “I'm just trying to stay focused on being a good songwriter.”
Listen to the complete interview in the audio above.
Goo Goo Dolls will be at The Pavilion at Irving Music Factory on Wednesday September 6th. You can get tickets to that show right HERE.
Review by Dakota Arnold
Score: 9/10
Citizen Kay is a Ghanaian-born Australian raised, artist who has been writing and producing his own music in the public eye since 2013 and has very recently become a favorite of mine among emerging artists. His sophomore album, Belly of the Beast, is a near – masterpiece that uniquely combines the traditionally Afro-American music styles of jazz, funk, and hints of gospel with hip-hop to produce one of the best albums I've listened to in a while. Citizen Kay does an amazing job at combining the use of natural instrumentals with synthetic beats and arranging them within the tonal context of his lyrics.
Within much of the album Kay talks about his journey with himself and his ability to grow as a person. He approaches this topic from the complexities of going back to his roots in order to look to the future. He tackles the path he's walked, going from an insecure kid in “These Kicks,” into an adult that is finding his place in a world where the odds are against him as a Black male in a white dominated society and the odds against his people in the song “Never Again.” This is a story that will resonate well with young people of color who at some point growing up become keenly aware of the fact that they are a minority, and that fact places a large weight on our shoulders in a society where the more you are labelled as a minority, (especially from an intersectional standpoint,) the more the world is against you. The way he portrays this story, is extremely engaging in terms of his rhythmic deliveries alongside music that is often used to convey the Black experience: hip hop and funk.
Kay's ability to engage with the audience with traditionally Black rhythms and instrumentals is showcased throughout Belly of the Beast. The song “Please Tell Me Bout It” (my personal favorite,) uses extremely funky beats in tandem with his hip hop lyricism to challenge racism in the modern world and creates an almost defiant tone in its confrontation of the topic. The song immediately following “Please Tell Me Bout It”, “Barred”, is a great example of Kay going back to instrumental roots of this genre to prove the continuity of a present day problem. Here he uses a clip from a “colorblind” Australian, and raps between certain sentences within the clip with an intensity reminiscent of 90s gangsta rap, and the lyrical meaning of someone directly confronting the oppressors in a racist hierarchy.
These themes and instrumentals continue throughout the entire album, while he navigates the racial sphere of the 21st century and his place in it, while he establishes that he still needs to grow as a person, and confronts his relationship with God and his love for the people closest to him as apart of his redemption story. Truly my only gripe with this album is that it almost loses its momentum in the second half. A couple of these songs feel like the rhythm of Kay's rapping don't fit properly with the instrumentals, especially in the song “Company I Keep” and a tiny bit in the first half of “Never Again.” Although after the first chorus of “Never Again” the song recovers its momentum and so does the album as a whole. If you are partial to jazz instrumentals used in modern hip hop songs (which I am a sucker for) there is a very nice interlude within the song which creates a more engaging atmosphere for “Company I Keep” overall. These gripes, while they do distract a little from the movement of the album and the arrangement of the songs themselves, do not make the album or its meanings bad overall. In fact, they are the only things keeping it from being a complete masterpiece. Personally I believe that this album is essential for any hip-hop fan that wants to broaden their scope of not only this genre, but get a taste of other traditionally Black music genres, as well as listen to a beautifully told story by a very unique artist.
You can follow Dakota on Twitter @ay__arnold. This review was edited by John Wright of the WPTS Editorial Board.
Listen here…
Open in Spotify
Danone targets €1bn savings as it signals slower profit growth
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Question of the Week 2: April 6, 2017
“Neil, my crape myrtle doesn't look like it's going to put out any leaves. Is it dead? What would have caused that?”
(Question is primarily coming from North Texas.)
The plant isn't dead, but the top growth apparently is. It froze in that early January really cold weather. However, the root system will still be alive, and you will soon be seeing new shoots pop up around the base of the old trunks.
Those new shoots will be your clue that you have lost the top growth. As soon as you see them, cut the old trunks off as close to the ground as you can. Waiting even a couple of weeks will make that all the more difficult as the new shoots quickly grow taller.
You will probably get 25 or 30 new shoots sprouting up. Leave all of them for a couple of months. Yes, it will look really odd to see a shrubby mass where you had a tree just last fall, but you need to let them grow in size so that you can determine which are the straightest and strongest.
By late spring or early summer you'll be able to thin them out so that only eight or nine remain. Let them grow the rest of the summer, then thin them down to five or six this fall. You leave extras because they are quite brittle and easily snapped by a mower, pet or errant football or Frisbee.
Next spring, once they have become somewhat woody, they are likely to be 6 or 7 feet tall. At that point you can thin them down to the final number of three or five (odd numbers look best). If you're concerned that they're still brittle and could be snapped in a windstorm, put 1×1-inch stakes alongside them for a few months.
Will this all happen to your plant again? Yes, it could if another really bad cold snap plows through. But in the meantime you'll be pleased with how quickly your plant recovers and looks great again.
Continued Below
Advertisement
Note: This is the very same procedure we recommend for crape myrtles that have been topped in the past, when gardeners want to restore them to their natural growth forms.
As a side comment, when we began The Crape Myrtle Trails of McKinney in 1999 with the intent of planting all known varieties in the same city so we could compare factors such as winter hardiness, we soon found that five full-sized varieties were less durable in North Texas cold. Four are hybrids from the USDA National Arboretum breeding program, and they are Natchez, Tuscarora, Muskogee and Sioux. The fifth is a popular old red type called Country Red.
Each of these has frozen three or more winters in the McKinney plantings during those almost 20 years. For that reason we no longer recommend them for North Texas landscapes. They should be fine in Central and South Texas.
Posted by Neil Sperry
Virat - Anushka Wedding: Shah Rukh Khan and other Bollywood celebs congratulated the new couple
A host of Bollywood celebrities wished actor Anushka Sharma and Indian cricket captain Virat Kohli a happy married life as the duo tied the knot in Italy on 11th Dec.
In one of the most-awaited weddings in tinsel town and the playing fields, the two got married in a private event, attended by close family members and friends, at a resort in Tuscany, Italy.
Karan Johar Tweeted.. Filmmaker Karan Johar, who directed Sharma in his last directorial Ae Dil Hai Mushkil, tweeted, "Huge congratulations and tons of love to @AnushkaSharma and @imVkohli ....beautiful couple and I wish them and their loved ones the best years ahead..." Abhishek Bachchan Wrote.. Actor Abhishek Bachchan took to Twitter and said, "Many congratulations to @AnushkaSharma and @imVkohli on their wedding. God bless and welcome to the club!" Sridevi Too Congratulated The Couple Actor Sridevi tweeted, "Congratulations, may this partnership last forever... God Bless @anushkasharma @viratkohli #VirushkaWEDDING" Richa Chadha Wished The Newlyweds Fukrey star Richa Chadha said, "Congrats guys. Wish you marital bliss, peace and may you continue to smash goals in the face, like @imVkohli smashes tidy 6s. Love." Neha Dhupia's Sweet Message Actor Neha Dhupia wrote, "What a catch @imVkohli ...and what a shot @AnushkaSharma ... happiness , always!" Reception Details Sharma and Kohli, who were married with Hindu wedding rituals, will host a reception in New Delhi on December 21 followed by another bash in Mumbai for their industry friends and cricketers on December 26. Virat & Anushka Dated For Four Years The celebrity couple, who had been dating for four years, were tight-lipped about their wedding plans despite the hype in the media. In October, a newspaper reported that an Italian wedding may be on the cards for the couple.
The rumours intensified after Kohli was rested for the ODI series against Sri Lanka. Sharma and Kohli, both 29, first met on the sets of a commercial. PTI
President Maithripala Sirisena says in order to make the National Food Production drive a success, the Government will remove all the taxes on imported Agricultural Technological Equipment.
He made these remarks addressing the inauguration ceremony of the National Food Production Battle held at the premises of the paddy field of Thibbotuwawa, Kekirava, yesterday (06).
Holding the ‘National Wap Magul Ceremony' the 2017/2018 Maha Season was started with a new strength under the National Food Production Battle launched under the guidance of President Maithripala Sirisena with the aim of taking forward the national food production programme, by overcoming the challenges of the climate changes, with a new strength continuously in a sustainable manner to revive the agricultural sector of the country.
Expressing his views the President further stated that the year 2018 will be named as the Year of Local Food Production, to take forward this national programme in a comprehensive manner.
The President pointed out the issues occurred as a result of partitioning many coconut estates including the estates in the Coconut Triangle, into small blocks mostly for housing projects and emphasized the need of introducing a National Housing Construction Policy to control this situation in the future.
President Sirisena further emphasized that all citizens of the country, irrespective of political, ethnic, religious or cultural differences, should unite to achieve success in the national food production programme, which makes the country self-sufficient while eliminating the poverty. He also requested all those who blamed the government and protest against it to join hands with this initiative, keeping aside their protest rallies, as true citizens who love the country.
“The National Food Production Battle is not limited to the ceremony today or to a period of just one week. It is a beginning of a comprehensive national program to be carried out under a three-year plan. All government and private institutions and all other related sections should contribute to this, considering this as a responsibility beyond the duty”, the President said.
“The government will implement the required program to create a good living standard to the children of farmers by freeing the farmers from loan burden, providing better education to the children earning them a good social recognition. The government also will take any action to increase the production process by providing required facilities and resources to the agricultural sector”, he stated.
The government has given instructions to the officials to notice about the relief to be given to the farmers by state and private banks, under this national food production program. The President said that the government has requested private companies to implement a subsidized program for farmer to buy agriculture related equipments.
President Sirisena said the budget – 2018 will include number of proposals to strengthen the agricultural economy and the economic situation of the farmers.
The President presented Mahaweli land deeds, Mahaweli scholarships and agriculture insurances at this occasion. He also delivered paddy seeds among the farmers affected by draught. He also presented Commendations to outstanding farmers and the prizes to the winners of home gardening in 2017.
Director General of Mahaweli, Gotabhaya Jayarathne presented the Agricultural Plan 2017 – 2018 to the President. President Sirisena presented the book on soil conservation to the school children.
(President's Media)
Prithviraj has some big and prestigious projects in his kitty and one among This is the upcoming period movie Kaaliyan, the official announcement of which was made a few months ago. It was announced that the big budget venture will be directed by S Mahesh and will have its script penned by BT Anil Kumar. The movie also will pave way for the entry of popular music director Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy to the Malayalam film industry.
Meanwhile, Prithviraj is busy with the works of his other upcoming ventures. The audiences have been eager to know about the commencement of shoot of Kaaliyan. Now, certain updates have been doing the rounds regarding the same on the social media.
According to the reports, Rajeev Nair, the producer of Kaaliyan had met Prithviraj in the sets of the actor's upcoming film 9. The photos of the same have been doing the rounds on social media. According to a Facebook post send out by POFFACTIO, the producer was there to discuss about the pre-production works of Kaaliyan and the team is expected to begin the shoot by the second half of 2019.
The Facebook post by POOFACTIO is read as "#Kaaliyan producer Rajeev Nair (Magic Moon Productions) with Prithviraj Sukumaran at 9 - Movie location Manali, for discussion on pre-production updates and shooting schedules.. We are expecting to start on second half of 2019! Need your prayers and support for the upcoming audition and pre-production works.. Thank you..(sic)
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
"We do not have a lot of staff because I'm a bit difficult and crazy." Source: TripAdvisor
IN A CITY renowned for its delicious street food, it's not easy to stand out. But that's exactly what one 70-year-old street vendor has managed to do, bagging a coveted Michelin star for her generous helpings of seafood noodles.
Jay Fai, or Auntie Fai as she is affectionately known, accepted the award at ceremony at the Grand Hyatt in the capil last week. Dressed in a white chef's outfit, the eccentric chef looked a world away from her usual cooking attire of beanie hat, black apron, and ski goggles – used to protect her eyes from the hot oil.
“Before, I knew the Michelin name but I did not know it had to do with cooking,” she told AFP after obtaining the star.
SEE ALSO: Thailand crowned the friendliest country in Asia for vegetarians
“I am very proud,” she said, adding that she must be back in the kitchen Thursday. “We do not have a lot of staff because I'm a bit difficult and crazy.”
Famous for its noodles with prawns and crab, cooked over charcoal fires, Jay Fai's looks like any other humble Bangkok street food eatery. An open front kitchen, with stools spilling onto the street as the hustle and bustle of city life goes on around diners.
But Jay Fai isn't your ordinary vendor, and her prices reflect this with a typical speciality costing upwards of US$20. One local food blog described it as that place Ferraris and Bentleys park street side to get their fix.
SEE ALSO: China and Japan are home to a third of the world's best restaurants
The restaurant was one of 17 in the city awarded stars – a highly sought-after accolade awarded after months of secret inspections by the French tire company's food critics.
Other recipients are some high-class Thai restaurants, but predominantly consisted of French haute cuisine restaurants, such as Le Normandie, where a jacket is “compulsory for gentlemen during dinner.”
This is the first Bangkok guide that Michelin has produced. The Thai capital joins Singapore, Shanghai, Seoul, Hong Kong, Kyoto and Osaka, and Tokyo as Asian food hubs deemed worthy of Michelin's famed red guide, first released for motorists in 1900.
Employment in the U.S. jumped by more than anticipated in the month of January, according to a closely watched report released by the Labor Department on Friday.
The report said non-farm payroll employment surged up by 200,000 jobs in January after climbing by an upwardly revised 160,000 jobs in December.
Economists had expected employment to increase by about 180,000 jobs compared to the addition of 148,000 jobs originally reported for the previous month.
The Labor Department said the unemployment rate came in at 4.1 percent in January, unchanged from the three previous months and in line with economist estimates.
Meanwhile, the annual rate of growth in average hourly employee earnings accelerated to 2.9 percent in January from an upwardly revised 2.7 percent in December.
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Economic News
What parts of the world are seeing the best (and worst) economic performances lately? Click here to check out our Econ Scorecard and find out! See up-to-the-moment rankings for the best and worst performers in GDP, unemployment rate, inflation and much more.
Sri Lanka has dropped Lasith Malinga from the one-day international squad to face Pakistan in a five-match series starting next week, raising doubts if the fast bowler will feature in the team's plans for the 2019 World Cup.
Malinga, feared for his awkward action and toe-crushing yorkers, returned to international cricket during June's Champions Trophy following a knee injury that kept him out of the World Twenty20 last year.
But the 34-year-old has not been as effective since his return and has managed 10 wickets from 13 ODIs since his return. He has taken 301 wickets from 204 matches in his career.
Sri Lanka, who lost 5-0 to India at home recently, will also be without former captain and all-rounder Angelo Mathews, who is struggling with a calf injury.
The first ODI will be played on Oct. 13 in Dubai with the teams also slated to play a three-match Twenty20 series.
Squad: Upul Tharanga (captain), Dinesh Chandimal, Niroshan Dickwella, Lahiru Thirimanne, Kusal Mendis, Milinda Siriwardana, Chamara Kapugedara, Thisara Perera, Seekuge Prasanna, Nuwan Pradeep, Suranga Lakmal, Dushmantha Chameera, Vishwa Fernando, Akila Dananjaya, Jeffrey Vandersay
(Reuters)
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Teenage star Christian Pulisic scored with a brilliant touch to complete a field-length attack just eight minutes in, then split the defense with a pass that set up Jozy Altidore for the first of the forward's two goals and put the United States back on track for next year's World Cup with a 4-0 rout of Panama on Friday night.
Pulisic fed Altidore for a 2-0 lead in the 19th. Altidore converted a penalty kick with a chip in the 43rd after Bobby Wood was fouled, and Wood added a goal in the 63rd.
The U.S. ended a three-match winless streak in qualifying and with 12 points and moved two points ahead of Panama into third place — the last automatic berth — in the North and Central American and Caribbean region. Honduras has nine points going into its match Saturday at Costa Rica, which is second with 15.
Goal difference means the Americans put themselves in great shape to reach an eighth straight World Cup, almost certainly with a win Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago and likely with a draw if Honduras fails to win Saturday. The U.S. is plus-five to minus-two for Panama and minus-seven for Honduras.
The region's fourth-place team advances to a playoff next month against Australia or Syria.
“We could have finished better on the day and scored more goals,” U.S. coach Bruce Arena said.
Playing his first international match since he turned 19 last month, Pulisic was moved to central midfield from the flanks by coach Bruce Arena and sparked the attack from the opening whistle with pace and ball control seldom seen from Americans.
After Gabriel Gomez broke free from Omar Gonzalez and shot over the crossbar, Tim Howard's goal kick was headed forward by Bobby Wood about 10 yards past midfield.
Altidore one-timed the ball ahead to on a sprinting Pulisic, and the midfielder reached back with his left leg to flick the ball ahead. Pulisic jumped to avoid Roman Torres' challenge and used the outside of his right foot to play the ball forward. As goalkeeper Jaime Penedo came off his line, Pulisic used the outside of his right foot again to play the ball wide and jumped over Pinedo's outstretched arm. At the edge of the 6-yard box and just 2 yards from the endline, Pulisic reached with his right foot to slot the ball in, completing a 112-yard U.S. move. Pulisic tumbled over as the ball rolled in for his eighth goal in 19 international appearances, his fourth in the hex.
Pulisic created the second goal when he played the ball between his feet and faked Michael Murillo on the left flank Pulisic broke ahead and fed Altidore, who split the center backs and redirected the ball in from 5 yards for his first goal of the hexagonal. At that point, Pulisic had played a part in 11 of the Americans' 14 goals in the hex.
After Wood and Altidore failed to convert good chances, Wood drew the penalty kick when he exchanged passes with Paul Arriola along a flank, broke past Felipe Baloy, spurted diagonally into the penalty area and was pushed down by Armando Cooper. As Pinedo dived to his left, Altidore chipped the ball down the center for his 41st international game.
Hacked down several times by Panamanians, Pulisic was removed in the 57th minute and walked out to a standing ovation from the sellout crowd of 25,303 at Orlando City Stadium, which opened in February,
Wood added his 10th international goal off a pass from Arriola.
Panama was trying to move into position to qualify for its first World Cup. The Panamanians were 90 seconds from advancing to a playoff against New Zealand four years ago, when Graham Zusi and Aron Johannsson scored late goals at Honduras, which dropped Panama behind Mexico and into fifth place.
Notes: All U.S. players stood at attention during “The Star-Spangled Banner” and all but Jozy Altidore and DeAndre Yedlin had their right hands over their hearts.
Authorities identify Algonquin women killed in crash
hello
The two Algonquin women killed Sunday in a three-vehicle crash have been identified as 58-year-old Elizabeth A. Jay and 78-year-old Louise J. Schreiner.
Jay was driving eastbound on Route 62 in Algonquin about 3:12 p.m. when her vehicle crossed the centerline and struck two oncoming vehicles, one of which was being driven by Schreiner, McHenry County Coroner Anne Majewski said.
Jay was taken to Centegra Hospital-Huntley, where she died at 3:48 p.m. from blunt trauma to the chest, according to an autopsy conducted Monday. Schreiner, whose car was hit head-on, suffered blunt trauma to the head, neck and chest, Majewski said. She was pronounced dead at the scene.
The driver of a third vehicle was taken to the hospital with nonlife-threatening injuries, Algonquin Deputy Police Chief Ryan Markham said.
Algonquin police are still investigating the cause of the crash, which occurred just west of Sandbloom Road. Witnesses told police they saw Jay's vehicle suddenly swerve to the right and strike a curb before veering to the left and accelerating quickly into oncoming traffic, Markham said.
"It sounds like there was some very sudden erratic driving on the part of the one driver," he said. "She drove head-on into westbound traffic at a very high rate of speed."
Authorities do not believe drugs or alcohol played a role in the crash, Markham said. Police are considering other factors, such as a medical issue, distracted driving or a mechanical failure.
A tight Merkel-Schulz race will revitalise Germany
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Virginia is poised to expand Medicaid after a hard-fought legislative battle, making it one of a growing number of states where there is interest in expanding the program after Republicans failed to repeal the Affordable Care Act last year.
The Virginia Senate on Wednesday approved expansion of Medicaid, the state-federal program for the low-income, and the bill now heads to the House of Delegates, where it is widely expected to pass. Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam has signaled he will sign the bill, making the state the 33rd to expand Medicaid under the ACA.
Efforts are under way in other states, but the outlook is far from certain.
Organizers who support Medicaid expansion in Utah learned this week that they had obtained enough signatures to put the initiative on the ballot in November, potentially expanding coverage to more than 100,000 people. A push is also under way to get expansion on the ballot in Idaho. The odds look less likely in other red states. Organizers are trying to get expansion on the ballot in Nebraska, but GOP Gov. Pete Ricketts has been opposed, saying it would be an expensive burden for state taxpayers.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Effects of E. coli outbreak in lettuce ripple through U.S. food-supply chain.
AOL's Steve Case sells estate to Saudi government for $43 million.
SAN FRANCISCO, CA and TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) -
WHO:
Achievers Solutions Inc., an industry leading provider of employee recognition and engagement solutions
WHAT:
Will host the Toronto SHRM 2017 Preview Workshop.
WHEN:
Friday, April 28, 2017 from 7:45 - 11:45 a.m. EST.
WHERE:
190 Liberty Street
Toronto, Ont.
Canada
To register, visit: https://www.eventbrite.ca/e/toronto-shrm17-preview-workshop-tickets-32572342754.
DETAILS:
Hosted by Achievers, the Toronto SHRM 2017 Preview Workshop will offer attendees a sampling of what's on the agenda for the SHRM Annual Conference and Exposition scheduled for June. The half-day event will deliver select program highlights, including the session "Re-inventing What Incentives Mean to a Global Organization" presented by David Brennan, general manager of Achievers. Attendees will also have the opportunity to learn more about trending topics in HR in addition to meeting the Canadian SHRM delegation leader and networking.
HR professionals, recruiters and hiring managers who are considering attending the SHRM Annual Conference in New Orleans, La. are encouraged to attend this special event. Tickets can be purchased for 25 Canadian dollars. For full program details and registration information, visit: https://www.eventbrite.ca/e/toronto-shrm17-preview-workshop-tickets-32572342754.
About Achievers
Achievers' Employee Recognition and Rewards solution provides companies with a robust foundation for their employee engagement initiatives by enabling both social and rewards-based recognition. Designed for today's workplace, Achievers' innovative cloud-based platform can increase employee engagement and drive business success. It empowers employees to recognize and reward each other in real time and aligns employees with company values and goals. Delivering millions of recognitions annually, the Achievers platform inspires employee loyalty, engagement and performance. Visit us at www.achievers.com. Achievers is a subsidiary of Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc., and is headquartered in Toronto and San Francisco.
XENIA — A Dayton man was arraigned via video in Greene County Common Pleas Court May 25 for alleged felonious assault and murder.
According to the indictment, a grand jury found that on March 8 Kali N. Christon allegedly caused the death of an individual as a result of committing or attempting to commit an offense of violence, and “did knowingly cause serious physical harm” to the individual.
Fairborn Police Department officers were dispatched to a Fairborn home March 8 to respond to a non-breathing child, a police report says.
The murder charge is punishable by imprisonment for an indefinite term of 15 years to life. Felonious assault is a second-degree felony.
Judge Michael Buckwalter is assigned to the case. Attorney Griff Nowicki said he will represent the defendant.
Christon is being held in the Greene County Jail on a $250,000 no 10 percent bond. Court records indicate a a pre-trial is set for Tuesday, June 5; a final pre-trial for Wednesday, June 27 and a jury trial for Monday, July 16.
Christon http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/05/web1_Christon.jpg Christon
By Anna Bolton abolton@aimmediamidwest.com
Contact Anna Bolton at 937-502-4498 or follow @annadbolton on Facebook.
Contact Anna Bolton at 937-502-4498 or follow @annadbolton on Facebook.
No one knew exactly what DeepMind was up to when it was acquired by Google a few years back. Now DeepMind is an Alphabet company, working on big machine learning problems like how to beat humans at Go, improving AI problem-solving, and making computer-generated speech more realistic. On that last count, you can experience the fruits of DeepMind's labors right now if you've got an Android phone or a Google Home. The “WaveNet” voice engine is now available in Google Assistant.
Google launched Assistant about a year ago as an evolution of its existing Google voice command system. For the first time, Google voice interactions were available not only on phones, but also as a part of your home with the Google Home smart speaker. Assistant gives you access to Google search data, device control, and smart home integrations. It's available on all Android phones running v6.0 or higher by long-pressing the home button. So, you don't have to buy a Google Home to experience Assistant.
The voice model used in Assistant at launch wasn't bad, but Google just rolled a vastly improved version of the voices for English and Japanese. DeepMind confirms these are implementations of WaveNet, which it first demoed in 2016. At the time, WaveNet was too computationally intensive for use on consumer devices, but just over a year later and that's changed. You can experience the new Assistant voice below or open Assistant on your phone and go to Settings > Preferences > Assistant Voice.
WaveNet is a form of parametric text-to-speech (TTS) that is entirely synthetic. Until recently, virtually all TTS systems were based on concatenative systems. In concatenative TTS, a large volume of high-quality recordings of a real voice are chopped up and reassembled to form the words. This is expensive and still won't sound entirely human. Parametric TTS is cheaper, but it often sounds even more robotic.
DeepMind used a convolutional neural network that was trained on a large sample of human speech. The resulting speech synthesizer can generate more believable voice waveforms from scratch with over 16,000 samples per second. The audio from WaveNet picks up on natural inflection and accents better, which prevents the flat “robotic” feel from creeping in as often.
The new WaveNet model running as part of Google Assistant is 1,000 times faster than the demo version, allowing it to generate 20 seconds of high-quality audio in just one second. DeepMind promises a full paper soon that will detail how this was accomplished.
Now read: 25 Best Android Tips to Make Your Phone More Useful
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be, you're not alone.
Americans work hard, and it takes a physical and mental toll, not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time, according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday. But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing.
In 2015, RAND researchers, along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles, began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs. What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers.
This kind of data, examining workplace conditions in the U.S., has not been collected for decades. "We have excellent data on wages, on training ... but we don't know much about the conditions of work," says Nicole Maestas, an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study.
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they don't have enough time to do their jobs, with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time. This was most prevalent among white-collar workers. Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed.
In addition, 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse, threats, humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month; or they experienced bullying, harassment or sexual harassment in the past year.
"One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work," says Maestas. Her survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board, verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college. Younger women and women of "prime age," defined in the survey as ages 35-49, experienced the most unwanted sexual attention.
But people who have "good" bosses — or bosses who respect them, praise them, work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats, Maestra notes.
"Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem," she says, when it comes to a hostile work environment.
American workers feel, by and large, that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills. Still, many workers, particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree, have little control over their work schedules. Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before.
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable, and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs.
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting, it is still a rare option for many workers. The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours.
No matter where we work, friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs. Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement "I have very good friends at work," while 53 percent of men agreed.
While the emotional support helps, many jobs are simply tough on the body. Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time. While workers who don't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well, particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day.
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early. It's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the "right" job, Maestas says.
"We've got more people retiring than ever, and there just aren't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy," she says, so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older, experienced workers.
Additionally, 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke, fumes, infectious materials, extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time. "That was strikingly high," Maestas says.
Saba Waheed, the research director at UCLA's Labor Center who was not involved in the study, says she was also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey.
"We have a lot of great laws, but we need better enforcement," she says.
While she largely praises the survey's comprehensiveness, Waheed says she would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines, as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers. "I would really love to see race in here," she says, as well.
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant.
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years. Maestas and her team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018.
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration.
ESTACADA, Ore. (AP) – The ex-girlfriend of an Oregon man accused of killing his mother on Mother's Day and then cutting off her head and carrying it into a store says her ex-boyfriend's eyes “did not look right” beginning two months before the incident.
The Oregonian/OregonLive reported Tuesday that court documents state Heather Suydam noticed a drastic change in Joshua Webb's behavior before the incident.
The 36-year-old Webb remains held in jail on charges of murder and abuse of a corpse in the May 14 death of his mother, 59-year-old Tina Webb.
Suydam told authorities that Webb called her on April 8 “and told her about an `odd squid pulsing sensation' he was having in the back of the head.”
Webb also faces charges in the stabbing of a cashier and death of his dog at the family home.
Katey Sagal never planned to go into acting. Music was always her first love. Back in the 1970s, Sagal was a backup singer for greats like Bob Dylan and Bette Midler. While Sagal still loves music and plays in a band, the Golden Globe winner is now a household name in Hollywood. Best known for playing Peggy Bundy on “Married… With Children”, Sagal plays a police officer named Randy DeLuca on CBS's “Superior Donuts.” The role of a cop is a much different one for Sagal and her character DeLuca is making her return to the force after being on leave.
Sagal plays an important role on a show in “Superior Donuts” that isn't afraid to tackle the most controversial issues in our world today. Tonight, the show addresses sexual harassment in the workplace and has dealt with the topics race relations and immigration in the past.
CBS Local's DJ Sixsmith chatted with Sagal about her experience on “Superior Donuts”, the importance of tonight's episode and how she made the jump from singer songwriter to top flight actress.
DJ Sixsmith: You've worked on many different television shows in your career. How does “Superior Donuts” compare to the rest?
Katey Sagal: Well, they're all different. First of all, I play a cop, which was interesting to me. I have a daughter, but you never see her and that is not the main focus of my character. This show deals a lot with current events that are going on. It's the most diverse bunch of people, it's a very diverse show. It's super funny and the people on there are super funny. I've been involved with funny shows before, but the difference is that this doesn't take place in somebody's house. The show takes place in a donut shop and it's a different kind of family environment. Nobody is blood-related, but everyone gets along as a family.
DS: You mentioned how the show deals with a lot of different current topics. Tonight's episode dives into sexual harassment. How important is this episode given what is going on with the #MeToo movement?
KS: I think this is a really important topic. I can't rate it with all of the very important topics in the world right now, but it's definitely up there. My character Randy, who is a police officer, has been on leave and decides to go back to the force. She wants to be a detective and talks to her old boss to put in a good word for her. He says he'll do that for me, but he asks if I can do something for him. He says he has an HR complaint against him from a rookie cop about sexual harassment. You come to find out that he is guilty and Randy calls him out on it. It's one of the serious moments we have on our show, but it ends with lots of humor. It's palatable and smart and that's how we deal with things. We deal with a lot of issues going on in the country and from all different perspectives like police brutality, race issues and immigration. We are not bent towards one particular point of view, we cover all points of view.
DS: Taking a step back, how did your role on “Married… With Children” and winning a Golden Globe change the course of your acting career?
KS: It was such a career changer because my focus had been music up until that point. I still always play music, but my pursuit was as a singer songwriter. That's what I was gearing myself towards and I had some moderate success with it. I then became open to other fields because I needed to make a living. This career was really the right fit. It's just been an amazing journey. It was definitely not my plan in terms of where I thought I was going, but it's worked out really well.
DS: You aren't playing music full-time anymore, but how do you incorporate it into your life now?
KS: I just love to play music. I have a band right now where we pretty much just play for fun and it's not about making a living and they're great musicians. It scratches that itch for me. I'd like to say that I wish I had become a successful musician, but I'm really happy with where my life is.
DS: Finally, what has been the greatest challenge of your career?
KS: There have been several challenges because life is full of challenges. I don't know if I can specifically say one. I definitely had some demons that needed to be sorted out along the way. I was able to do that and not mess things up. Life has always got some challenges, but that makes it interesting.
Watch Sagal in “Superior Donuts” tonight at 9pm EST/PST on CBS.
(Agencia CMA Latam) - The Brazilian telecommunications company Oi canceled an extraordinary shareholder meeting that would take place Feb. 7, arguing that it would violate a court decision.
The court approved the company's judicial recovery plan and determined that "the pertinent changes, including the company's by-laws, do not require an Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting and may be carried out by the company's management bodies."
The court ruling also says that "convening a shareholders' meeting, in this case, would reinstall the instability strongly rejected by the court throughout this judicial recovery process."
The Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting was convened by Bratel, Oi's shareholder and a subsidiary of Pharol (former Portugal Telecom), and aimed at discussing an alleged violation of by-laws in the judicial recovery plan's approval.
The company claimed that the capital increase operations in the plan would result in an "unjustified dilution of shareholders" that there was "undue privileges" for some groups of creditors, who would receive "billionaire commissions and free delivery of Oi's securities."
by Agencia CMA Latam
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Economic News
What parts of the world are seeing the best (and worst) economic performances lately? Click here to check out our Econ Scorecard and find out! See up-to-the-moment rankings for the best and worst performers in GDP, unemployment rate, inflation and much more.
Chizza, Chicken + Pizza = Chizza
Thank you Kentucky Fried Chicken for making a food fusion so amazing it has created a new word.
Chizza is a pizza with KFC fried chicken as the crust. Then they throw on marinara sauce, cheese, and toppings on it. Chizza.
KFC rolled this masterpiece out in India and the Phillipines but, the expansion is ON! They are moving into other Asian countries now, could North America be next??
Please?? Are you listening KFC?????
CHECK IT OUT BY CLICKING HERE!!
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Imprisoned rapper Meek Mill was released from prison Tuesday, after the Pennsylvania Supreme Court granted his release request.
Mill was released from the facility in Chester, Pennsylvania, at around 6:45 p.m., NBC Philadelphia reported. Mill later attended the Philadelphia 76ers playoff game against the Miami Heat, where he rang the ceremonial bell before the game. The team and the NBA posted video on Twitter.
The hip-hop star was sentenced to serve 2 to 4 years behind bars for a probation violation from a 2008 conviction on drug and firearm charges. In its order, the court cited prosecutors' statements that there are "credibility issues with a police officer who was a 'critical witness.'"
"I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time," the artist stated on Twitter. "While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive."
Last week the Philadelphia district attorney's office, which prosecuted Mill, whose given name is Robert Rihmeek Williams, said charges from that 2008 case should be vacated over questions about the credibility of the officer who arrested Mill. Philadelphia prosecutors have said they support a new trial for Mill.
Buffalo Grove
Public hearing on tap for proposed Link Crossing project
The village announced that a public hearing regarding the Link Crossing Development project, originally scheduled for May 17, will be held during the Planning and Zoning Commission (PZC) meeting at 7:30 p.m. June 21 at Village Hall, 50 Raupp Blvd. K. Hovnanian Homes is proposing a residential development, named Link Crossing, that would be located on approximately 50 acres at the southeast corner of Buffalo Grove Road and Brandywyn Lane. The project has been reviewed over the course of two previous public hearings, and the proposal continues to be under review by the PZC as it proceeds through the public hearing process. Any questions or comments on the project can also be addressed by contacting Village Planner Nicole Woods at (847) 459-5539 or via email at nwoods@vbg.org.
Deerfield
Fine Arts Commission seeks works for public display
The village is soliciting artwork loans from area artists as part of the fourth year of the Deerfield Public Art Program. Participating artists must be willing to loan works of art for up to one year. The Deerfield Fine Arts Commission will review artwork proposals submitted by artists interested in displaying their work in the community. The program is seeking paintings, murals, drawings and other pieces to be displayed at Village Hall, the Public Works Facility, Deerfield Park District facilities, the Deerfield Public Library and other government buildings. The program is open to artists who are professional and of serious intent, and artists working in any permanent media. Art students working with practicing artists/teachers may be considered. Though previous experience in public art is not required, artists should be knowledgeable of materials, techniques and public art processes. Appropriateness in terms of scale, material, content and placement is also required. Artists can submit up to three pieces of art for consideration, and all selected artwork must be delivered in ready-to-hang form for immediate display. The artwork submittal deadline is July 10. Applications are available online at www.deerfield.il.us. Completed applications must be delivered or mailed to David Fitzgerald, Management Analyst, Village of Deerfield, 850 Waukegan Road, Deerfield, Ill. 60015 or emailed to dfitzgerald@deerfield.il.us. For more information, call (847) 945-5000 or visit www.deerfield.il.us.
Niles
Village to host document shredding/electronics recycling event
The village, in partnership with SWANCC (Solid Waste Agency of Northern Cook County), will host a document destruction and electronics recycling event from 9 a.m. to noon June 24 at the Public Services Department, 6849 W. Touhy Ave. Residents from Niles and other SWANCC communities are eligible to participate. Materials will not be accepted from non-SWANCC residents, businesses, schools or institutions; IDs will be checked for verification of residency. Participants will be limited to six file boxes or paper bags (no plastic bags) of documents for destruction. All plastic, metal clips or binders must be removed. Paper will be cross-shredded on-site. Accepted electronics items include answering machines, cable receivers, camcorders, cameras, CD, DVD and MP3 players, cell phones, computers, computer monitors and cables, converter boxes, fax machines, electronic keyboards and mice, PDAs, power tools and cords, printers, satellite receivers, scanners, shredders, small house appliances, stereo equipment (non wood), telephones, TVs, typewriters, video game consoles, VCRs and zip drives. Dehumidifiers, humidifiers, air conditioners, vacuum cleaners, refrigerators and other large home appliances will not be accepted. For more information, call (847) 588-8000 or visit www.vniles.com.
Dolton
Griffin Institute for Performing Arts opens for business
The Griffin Institute for Performing Arts, 14200 Chicago Road (No. 117), officially opened for business June 3. Founded by accomplished educator and musician Dr. Roosevelt Griffin, the Griffin Institute provides music, theater and dance education for children (ages 5-18). Eight-week sessions are taught by highly qualified instructors and include both formal instruction and artistic expression, from beginning to advanced stages of ability. Private and group lessons (with varying pricing) are available. In addition to offering instruction, the Griffin Institute will serve as a resource for other student-related components, including leadership training, college financial planning and visits, guest speakers and musicians, mentoring and other enrichment activities. Griffin, whose many achievements include the 2017 Chicago Jazz Institute of Chicago's Educator of the Year Award and being named a 2015 Golden Apple recipient and 2017 Grammy Music Educator finalist, founded the Griffin Institute to enhance the lives of children in the community through the performing arts. For more information, call (708) 973-4354 or visit www.thegriffininstitute.org.
Tinley Park
Village names winners of Youth Scholarship program
The village reported that winners of the Community Resources Commission's annual Youth Scholarship program were announced at a recent Tinley Park Village Board meeting. This year's winners are Grace Cooke, Theodore Trost and Ryan Murphy (Lincoln-Way East High School); Christian Hecht and Hailey Radakovitz (Providence Catholic High School); Jessica Ford and Marina Ibrahim (Tinley Park High School); and Leah Schissler (Andrew High School). The winners each received a $1,000 scholarship to attend the college of their choice. To be eligible to win, students were required to display outstanding service while maintaining academic excellence.
Elk Grove Village
Village to host five-day RotaryFest at Lions Park
The village will host RotaryFest 2017 from 6-11 p.m. June 14 and 15, 6 p.m. to midnight June 16, 2 p.m. to midnight June 17 and 2-10 p.m. June 18 at Lions Park, 150 Lions Drive. The event includes carnival rides and games, a variety of food vendors, a beer stand, raffles for nightly prizes, a car show (7-9 p.m. June 16), fireworks and live music. Headliners include The Rob Post Band (8 p.m. June 14), 7th Heaven (8:30 p.m. June 15), 16 Candles (9:30 p.m. June 16), Hi Infidelity (10 p.m. June 17) and The Fortunate Sons (6 p.m. June 18). Admission is free. For more information, call (847) 439-3900 or visit www.elkgrove.com.
–Cook County News Briefs–
Canada has been taken for a ride by Kinder Morgan.
By Nick Cunningham, Oilprice.com
In a desperate bid to keep its last remaining proposed oil pipeline alive, Canada has decided to buy Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain Pipeline system for an estimated C$4.5 billion.
Canada will pay Kinder Morgan for the money that the company has already spent on the expansion project as well as for the existing Trans Mountain pipeline, which has a capacity of about 300,000 bpd.
Trans Mountain runs from Alberta to British Columbia and the proposed expansion would be a twin line that would triple the system's carrying capacity to 890,000 bpd. British Columbia has vowed to block the pipeline even though the federal government supports the project. BC's opposition had nearly killed the project…and still might finish it off despite the gamble by the federal government to nationalize the pipeline system.
As Reuters discovered, it appears that Canada has been taken for a ride by Kinder Morgan. The Texas-based pipeline company structured deals in such a way that it couldn't lose, even if the project stalled. “Kinder Morgan cut creative deals with lenders and oil producers to shield itself from massive write-downs like the ones taken recently by rivals TransCanada Corp and Enbridge Inc in canceling controversial pipeline projects,” Reuters wrote.
These deals included requiring oil producers to pay even if the project was blocked by regulatory holdups. Also, the 26 lenders that Kinder Morgan negotiated with agreed to exempt the pipeline company from penalties on loans if the project was delayed or obstructed because of political problems.
All of that made Kinder Morgan more than willing to walk away, putting intense pressure on the Canadian government to resolve the dispute. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau first proposed to indemnify the project from risk, but ultimately decided to purchase it outright as the May 31 deadline neared.
“Kinder Morgan wins,” Brian Kessens, managing director investment firm Tortoise, which holds shares in Kinder Morgan Inc., told Reuters. “That's a very fair price.”
Kinder Morgan agreed, hailing the payout from Canada. “This is a great day, not only for our company but for Canada,” CEO Steve Kean said. And as for who will manage the pipeline project while it's under government ownership, Canada's Finance Minister Bill Morneau said he hopes to hire people from…Kinder Morgan.
First Nations and environmental groups assailed Trudeau for buying out the project. “We are absolutely shocked and appalled that Canada is willingly investing taxpayers' money in such a highly controversial fossil fuel expansion project,” Grand Chief Stewart Philip, president of the Union of B.C. Indian Chiefs, told the Toronto Star. “We will not stand down no matter who buys this ill-fated and exorbitantly priced pipeline.”
In a scathing article in The Guardian, environmentalist Bill McKibben called Justin Trudeau “the world's newest oil executive,” and said that “the cutest, progressivest, boybandiest leader in the world” is going “fully in the tank for the oil industry.”
But it wasn't just First Nations and environmentalists. Trudeau is coming under fire from all sides. Even the Conservatives criticized the government for leaving taxpayers on the hook for the project. Kinder Morgan only paid $550 million for the Trans Mountain pipeline back in 2007. Trudeau has decided to fork over $C3.4 billion for a system that is a now a decade older with no plan on how to get the expansion constructed. “Kinder Morgan wasn't asking for the money. They were asking for certainty and a pathway to get the project built,” Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer said. “The prime minister is forcing Canadian taxpayers to pay for his failure.”
Obviously, not everyone is against the project. The oil industry welcomed the news, although cautioned that it shouldn't become the norm. “We think that today's announcement is based on extraordinary circumstances,” Tim McMillan, CEO of the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers, said in a press conference Tuesday. “We don't want to find ourselves in this situation again.”
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was desperate to push the project forward, arguing that the lack of pipeline capacity – Alberta's pipelines are just about full – are costing Canadian oil producers C$15 billion annually.
He's right on that account. The cost of pipeline bottlenecks continues to weigh on Canada's oil industry. Western Canada Select (WCS), a benchmark that tracks heavy oil in Canada, has traded at a significant discount to WTI (which, in turn, has seen its discount widen relative to Brent).
WCS fell to the mid-$40s per barrel this week, more than $20 lower than WTI and nearly $30 lower than Brent. Although some of the discount is due to transportation costs and quality issues, the price differential has exploded over the past year as Alberta's available takeaway capacity has all but vanished.
The problem for Trudeau, however, is that it isn't at all clear that his takeover of Kinder Morgan's pipeline will resolve outstanding issues. The plan consists of purchasing the pipeline system, clearing the political obstacles, and then selling off the project to a private company again.
But it remains to be seen if the federal government can bulldoze British Columbia into allowing the project to move forward. The government also does not have a buyer in mind to eventually take on the project.
In a less-than-optimistic sign, Finance Minister Bill Morneau said that the government does not want to own the pipeline for a long period of time, but he conceded that it could remain the owner for the “medium term.” While he didn't elaborate on what that actually means, his comment suggests the Trans Mountain Expansion is not moving forward anytime soon. By Nick Cunningham, Oilprice.com
As pulp fiction aficionados, we love a good hostage situation. Read… Another Nuclear Bailout?
Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.
Watch dancers performing in town for Year of Culture
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Reading's best arts organisations, artists, events and venues will be recognised in the town's first cultural awards ceremony.
The Reading Cultural Awards 2017 will look at the businesses and people who contribute to the town's vibrant cultural scene.
The awards will not only recognise "individual and collective excellence", but also demonstrate the important role arts and culture play in making Reading a great place to live and work.
The awards will be sponsored by Reading UK CIC, the Olympia Ballroom and The Banquet Kitchen, and will culminate in a ceremony on Thursday, June 29 at the historic Olympia Ballroom in London Street.
The team believes the introduction of the awards will provide an opportunity for arts and cultural groups, businesses and supporters to celebrate the amazing achievements of the past 18 months.
Nigel Horton-Baker, executive director of Reading UK CIC, said: "Arts and culture are at the heart of what makes Reading tick, but they have often passed unnoticed.
"Last year's Reading Year of Culture started the process of putting them back at the heart of the town, making Reading a better place to live, work and do business.
"The Reading Cultural Awards will continue this momentum by providing a fabulous showcase for the breadth, quality and diversity of creativity in our town."
The awards are open to everyone involved in the arts in the town and will recognise 12 categories.
Anyone can nominate an entrant before the closing date on Friday, May 12 online at www.readingplaceofculture.org/awards.
The 12 categories of The Reading Cultural Awards:
The Made in Reading Award
A piece made by a Reading artist or artists. This could be a performance, visual arts piece or project created within Reading.
Reading Place of Culture Ambassador Award – sponsored by Reading UK CIC
An artistic endeavour that has promoted Reading's talent or Reading as a cultural destination to a wider audience.
Performance of the Year
Music, theatre, dance… this performance "will have caused ripples in Reading and been widely acclaimed". The performance must have taken place in Reading, but does not necessarily need to have been made in Reading.
Visual arts event of the year
Fine art, film, etc – the event will have been "well regarded" in Reading when it took place here, but does not necessarily need to have been made in Reading.
Cultural space of the year
Dedicated arts venues, unusual spaces used for art - this award recognises the diversity of great places to enjoy and perform art and cultural activities in Reading.
Celebrating Reading's Heritage Award – sponsored by The Olympia Ballroom and The Banquet Kitchen
A project or organisation that has raised the profile of Reading's heritage.
Reading Arts and Business in Partnership
Demonstrating excellence in partnership, working between business and arts organisation(s).
Best Education Project
A project that shows the power of art and culture to engage young people and create high-quality artistic outputs.
Festival of the Year
A festival that engaged a broad community and raised Reading's profile with high-quality content and a great festival experience.
Young talent under 25
An artist or group of artists that are displaying real talent and potential at a relatively young age.
Cultural Organisation of the Year
This organisation will have demonstrated consistently high standards in terms of output and engagement.
Business innovation in the arts
A Reading arts or cultural project in which business has played a creative and innovative role.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Harry, 4, steals the show after donor discussion on BBC Breakfast
A mother says Facebook did nothing to remove an image of her and her ill son in a fake advert on the site.
Harry Maceachen, seven, was born with a rare liver disease and stole the show when he appeared on BBC Breakfast with mother Clare in December 2015.
But an image from that day started appearing on the site in an advert for crypto currency in February.
Mrs Maceachen, from Shropshire, said she reported it repeatedly. Facebook admitted it had made a mistake.
The website - which said misleading ads were not allowed and any reported were taken down - said it had now removed the advert which violated its standards.
It comes as consumer campaigner Martin Lewis announced on Facebook he was to launch UK High Court proceedings against the social media giant after about 50 fake ads bearing his name appeared on the site.
Mrs Maceachen, from Shrewsbury, posted her story below his statement saying: "I've asked them to remove it, reported it to Facebook as fake news, even reported it to Facebook for unauthorised use of an image of my son.
"They acknowledged and asked for a screen shot of his birth certificate, but then did nothing.
"I'm really, really hacked off."
Image copyright Clare Maceachen Image caption An image of the appearance was used in a fake ad
Mrs Maceachen told BBC News she was shocked to see the advert by Stiff News and had not agreed to it.
She said she reported Stiff News to Facebook five times for harassment but received a "fairly standard reply" suggesting she block or unfollow the page.
"It felt like I had no control and I just kept hitting a brick wall," she said.
You may also be interested in:
The article linked to the advert has now disappeared, but the image is still available, she said.
"Our pictures are out in the public domain - you do something to raise awareness, I accept that," she said.
"But you don't expect it to be used on a fake news story and what made it worse was it's a photo of my child, and a sick child."
Image caption Clare Maceachen said Harry was now doing well after receiving part of his father's liver
Harry, who was four when he appeared on BBC Breakfast, captured people's hearts with his boundless energy and laughter.
He started to giggle and then run around the set when he spotted himself on the camera monitors in the studio.
After an unsuccessful liver operation, Harry received part of his father's liver in March 2016 and is now back at school and doing very well, his mother said.
'Mistake'
She added that she had been contacted by another mother who saw the advert and would have used it had she not seen Mrs Maceachen's comments warning that it was "fake news".
"Facebook needs to be more proactive, it's completely inappropriate," she said.
"If they're asked to take it down, they should."
In a statement, Facebook said: "We have strict advertising guidelines which are clear that this kind of ad is not allowed on our platform.
"On this occasion we made a mistake during the review process, but we have now removed the ad for violating our standards.
"We apologise for this error and we continue to improve our reporting and take-down measures."
Equestrian enthusiasts from four states will converge in Shelburne this weekend for the Holly Ward Memorial Polo Tournament. Ward, a longtime horseman from the Mad River Valley, died in November.
Games are set for 1 and 3 p.m. both Saturday and Sunday at the polo field at 922 Shelburne-Hinesburg Road. Teams from Sugarbush, Boston, Saratoga and New Hampshire will take part.
Tickets are just $5 and spectators of all ages are welcome to bring lawn chairs, food, and refreshments. Tailgating is encouraged, and inquiries about polo lessons are welcome. Information: sugarbushpoloclub.com.
Shire Studies New Takeover Bid From Takeda
Shire Plc is considering a new offer from Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. after the Japanese drugmaker revised its roughly $60 billion bid for the biotechnology company once again. Bloomberg's Ed Hammond has the latest on "Bloomberg Markets." (Source: Bloomberg)
Warning to all the Wookies in Thredbo, Australia: be wary of the Alpine Way Resort. And if you're human, it's probably best to not wear Wookie suits to try and go down the slopes.
A 51-year-old learned the hard way not to dress like Chewbacca and attempt to ski, which ended with him behind bars. The man, Keith Wass, was told to take off his costume before going down the slopes by a resort worker. Wass refused and apparently lost his temper with the resort worker. He proceeded to repeatedly hit the worker with his snowboard, leaving the victim with “facial” and “dental” injuries.
Wass was arrested, taken to jail, and is being charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm, causing reckless grievous bodily harm and using an offensive weapon with the intention to commit an indictable offence.
He was released on bail.
Via Daily Telegraph
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
Golf's present and past tell how Tiger's '97 Masters changed everything There are some sporting events that grace our lives and leave such an indelible mark on us that we remember exactly where we were and what we were doing at...
Rory McIlroy should have won The Players by now PONTE VEDRA BEACH, Fla. — It's difficult to digest for Rory McIlroy, but the fact is he should already have won at least one Players Championship by now. If he...
Bernhard Langer ready to finish the job Tom Watson started AUGUSTA, Ga. — The 80th Masters is supposed to be all about the new era in golf. It's supposed to be about Jordan Spieth, Rory McIlroy, Jason Day and the...
VANCOUVER — Had Al Fowler known more about his rights before enrolling in British Columbia's methadone treatment program in 2010, he may have avoided what he describes as a two-year "horror-show" while living in Vancouver's Downtown Eastside.
Fowler says the stigma and exploitation he experienced is part of what inspired him to co-author a handbook on how to navigate the province's opioid-substitution therapy program.
"It's really important that we get this out from our point of view, how we see it, how it is to us, because that's how the guy who's going in to the clinic is going to see it," said Fowler, president of the B.C. Association for People on Methadone, who has been in the program for seven years.
"Part of this booklet was to help people navigate that, to let them know that they have rights, because it's just another medication ... and we shouldn't be penalized for that."
The 43-page booklet, titled Patients Helping Patients Understand Opioid-Substitution Therapy, was co-ordinated by the Centre for Addictions Research of B.C and funded by the provincial Health Ministry. It is scheduled for release next week but is available on the centre's website.
Annual meetings that were started by the government in 2013 led to the creation of the handbook, which taps into the experiences of the seven people who wrote the guide.
Co-author Garth Mullins said the team wanted to ensure the handbook had a "street-level perspective" and provided the "unvarnished truth" behind the program.
"It's not trying to give people a sales pitch," Mullins said. "It's trying to give people the straight goods on what it is like to try and get yourself out of the hole of addiction."
Marginalized people are often left on their own to figure out a "very cumbersome and bureaucratic" process, Mullins added.
The booklet comes with a glossary of terms used in treatment. Sections of it also deal with taking methadone during pregnancy, travelling while on treatment and the challenge of getting medication while in jail or in hospital.
Dan Reist, an assistant director at the addictions research centre, said the organization provided a support role and left most of the content creation to the authors.
It's important that doctors, pharmacists and policy-makers embrace the handbook so it reaches as many people as possible, Reist said.
"We need the system to see this as a resource that has value," he said. "That's why it's important that we not poke them … but at the same time hold their feet to the fire."
The handbook cost about $15,000 to produce, which included paying the co-authors for their time but does not cover its distribution to places like pharmacies and doctors' offices, he added.
He believes the handbook is one of the world's first. The only similar one Reist could find was in New Zealand.
Reist and others involved in the project saw it as part of a larger push to include patients' voices in the development of programs and policies.
"Health is not about experts fixing broken people," he said.
Bill Nelles, a retired addiction counsellor based on Vancouver Island, said the handbook attempts to show the provincial government that people in drug-recovery programs want to be involved in matters that concern them.
"You may have heard, 'Nothing about us without us,' " said Nelles, who has been on a methadone program for 40 years. "But we're not there yet."
Mullins said those in methadone recovery dream of the day they help inform policy and budgetary decisions.
"I'm tired of seeing people die from bad drug policy, as much as from bad drugs," he said. "Today we're writing the manual. Tomorrow I hope we're writing the legislation."
— Follow @gwomand on Twitter
Geordon Omand, The Canadian Press
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Jets veteran has a plan to voice Thursday night complaints Jets wide receiver Jermaine Kearse watched Thursday night's Seahawks-Cardinals game and saw his former teammate Richard Sherman's season end because of a torn Achilles tendon. Like many players, Kearse said...
Jets mailbag: Searching for QB options -- draft or Andrew Luck? With the Jets prepping for this week's matchup against the Buccaneers, let's take a look at your questions in the Jets mailbag: NickM (@N_Marinelli2013) Do we make a run for...
The studs, finds and (early) letdowns of Jets' 2017 draft The Jets entered the 2017 draft knowing they needed to land a number of immediate contributors. The team was beginning a rebuild and emphasized “building through the draft.” Eight games...
The first crack in Jets' locker room was planted years ago The Jets dropped their third straight game Sunday, a 25-20 loss to the Falcons. Here are some thoughts and observations on the game: 1. A tiny crack on Team Unity...
Marcus Maye on teaming with Jamal Adams, life in the SEC and AFC East Rookie second-round Jets safety Marcus Maye tackled some Q&A with Post columnist Steve Serby. Q: What is your on-field mentality? A: You gotta have like an assassin mentality. Just being...
Jets mailbag: What's up with the young WRs, and Jim Harbaugh? As the Jets prepare to face the Jaguars on Sunday, looking to win two in a row, let's take a look at some questions you have in the Jets mailbag:...
ArDarius Stewart gets to see his mentor again -- on other sideline OAKLAND, Calif. — ArDarius Stewart knows what it will feel like to score his first NFL touchdown because he sort of already did. The rookie Jets wide receiver reached the...
This is what the Jets have left at receiver — it's not pretty The guys in green were hootin' and hollerin' and exchanging high fives all over the Jets' indoor practice facility on Monday. The guys in white, not so much. Time after...
Is Hackenberg getting fair shake? Plus 4 other big Jets questions A very rocky and interesting offseason is over for the Jets. They concluded their offseason program with last week's three-day minicamp. The Jets spent this offseason shedding salary and veteran...
SEATTLE (AP) – Authorities say a King County sheriff's deputy who has been on paid administrative leave barricaded himself in his Seattle apartment building, prompting a 13-hour standoff that ended with his arrest.
The Seattle Times reports that police used robots Wednesday afternoon to breach two doors before officers went in and found the deputy in a bathroom with small cuts to his hands.
King County Sheriff's Office spokesman Ryan Abbott said the deputy has been on paid administrative leave since March, pending an evaluation of his fitness for duty.
Seattle police arrived at about 1:30 a.m. Wednesday in response to a domestic-violence-assault call. The alleged victim left the apartment building before making the call.
The police response included closing off streets in the area, using “flash-bangs” and using a public address system to call for the deputy to surrender.
—
Information from: The Seattle Times.
The holiday rush, while full of opportunities, also comes with plenty of challenges for businesses. Processing payments can be one of those challenges if you don't have a reliable system in place to maximize all of that extra business.
This is actually a pretty big problem for small businesses. According to a recent Stealth Survey, which was conducted on behalf of TD Bank (NYSE: TD) at the NY Business Expo in New York City on November 7, more than 25 percent of small to medium sized businesses said they don't trust their payment system can maximize increased business and customer traffic during the holiday season.
Is Your Payment System Ready for the Holiday Rush?
If your business doesn't have a payment system to handle the extra holiday business, it could lead to a variety of problems. Most obviousy, it can lead to a loss of money in terms of the number of sales you can process. It can negatively impact the customer experience too. It can cause long wait times, leading to more customers walking out the door rather than completing purchases. For online businesses, it can mean increased cart abandonment rates. And it can be a huge productivity issue for your team.
There are plenty of payment system options out there. But not all of them are reliable and cost effective for small businesses. That could be one of the reasons why some small businesses still rely heavily on cash transactions, even though consumers are going in the opposite direction. In fact, nearly 30 percent of the businesses surveyed said they only process cash and checks.
So while it can be a bit of an investment, having a reliable payments system that can keep up even during the busiest times is essential. This can look different to different types of businesses. For small retailers, cloud based payment solutions could be enough, while others might require a more robust merchant services provider. But one thing is clear. If you're not confident your payments solution can handle the holiday rush, it's probably time for an upgrade.
Photo via Shutterstock
Check out our Business Gift Giving Guide for more tips about holiday trends.
What startup entrepreneur hasn't dreamed of borrowing Cinderella's fairy godmother or Aladdin's genie to make their every wish come true? While they weren't necessarily wishing for it, that's exactly what happened to Will and Erica Messmer of Jersey City, New Jersey.
Before the couple got married earlier this year, they decided to pursue their dream of entrepreneurship. They had just moved to Jersey City and were looking for an opportunity to start a business that would add value to the community. They both shared a “passion for food” and realized their new home would be the perfect place to open a butcher shop, Darke Pines, named in honor of Will's grandfather who was a butcher years ago in Darke County, Ohio.
Their fairy godmother? Intuit. Yes, Intuit.
They started putting together a business plan. Will quit his job in New York City to devote more time to the startup. Of course, they needed startup funds and like many entrepreneurs, hit up their family for a loan. Will read an article in Wired magazine about crowdfunding and they decided to raise money on Kickstarter.
Will and Erica realized one of the secrets to crowdfunding success was not presenting a business plan, but telling a compelling story. So, they rethought their priorities and created a battle plan that included using videos and articles to better present themselves and a rewards component to attract funders (and future customers).
Advertisement
Storytelling for Crowdfunding
They explained how creating a butcher shop “dedicated to locally-sourced, sustainably-raised meat,” was personal to them, connected, not only to Will's grandfather, but to Erica's memories of her childhood in Alabama.
Erica says the process was “challenging, but good for us, [in that we learned] to pitch the right way.” If you're thinking about crowdfunding, Will says, you have to do your homework. “It's not just about ‘I have an idea,' but about how everyone will benefit from that idea.
The couple admits putting it all together — developing a marketing plan, branding and designing a logo — was more work than they originally anticipated. Erica stresses the challenge of using video to “show the heart of the business — what it will be.”
Opening a butcher shop is no easy task. Will and Erica spent two years checking out butcher shops in New York City and across the country. They toured farms and slaughterhouses. They even volunteered to work behind butcher counters and moonlighted in restaurants.
And then on October 22, the magic happened. It was the last day of their Kickstarter campaign and they hadn't quite met their goal. And then, with minutes to spare, Will says, “out of nowhere, the money was there. We got a notice we hit our goal — and it was such a good feeling.”
The money, they found out, came from Backed by QuickBooks, a program Intuit launched this fall, where a panel of small business experts scours crowdfunding sites, such as Kickstarter, Go Fund Me and IndieGoGo, looking for worthy businesses to spontaneously fund. They evaluate the crowdfunding campaign, look at the funding needs and then select the winning businesses.
Winners get more than money. They also receive:
A free one-year subscription to QuickBooks Online
5 free hours with a QuickBooks Pro Advisor
A PC or Mac Tablet or Laptop
QuickBooks SWAG, including a QuickBooks hoodie and stickers
A free one-year subscription to ShipStation
A $300 Gift Card to advertise on Facebook
Erica likens the whole process to winning the lottery. But she adds, getting funded was more than that. It was validation “that maybe it is a good idea. We were inspired and encouraged by it.” Will adds, getting funded by QuickBooks “made us believe this is going to work. We can — and will — do this.”
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
It's virtually impossible to predict whether or not a startup will be successful with any accuracy, but there are a few telltale signs you can look at when seeking clarity in this area.
Advertisement
Success, Failure and the Bleak Truth
There's something to be said for optimism as an entrepreneur. When launching a startup, you don't really have much of a choice but to be hopeful. Unfortunately, the odds are stacked against you and the data shows that you have an uphill battle towards being successful.
Data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that 50 percent of small businesses fail within the first four years. You can take the glass half full approach and take solace in the fact that half of businesses last longer than four years, or the pessimistic approach that says you have a 50 percent chance of failing over this time frame.
Or perhaps you've heard the study that says 9 out of 10 startups eventually fail? Or what about the one that reports 80 percent of startups crash and burn within the first 18 months?
All of these statistics serve as nice little tidbits of information that you can sink your teeth into, but you can't let them control the way you think. Take, for instance, the statistic about 80 percent of startups failing. This data point has been referenced thousands of times across the internet — often attributed to a Bloomberg study, or the Forbes article that claims the statistic comes from Bloomberg — but the only problem is that the Bloomberg study doesn't exist!
“Statistics can easily be doctored, made up out of thin air, or even serve as reference articles in massive business publications that didn't thoroughly fact-check,” entrepreneur Paul Jarvis writes. “This isn't a slam against Forbes (who I write for sometimes) — it's a slam against the way news happens now.”
This isn't to say businesses don't fail. They overwhelmingly do, but you've got to do your own research and figure out what actually makes businesses fail and what makes them succeed. If you want to have an accurate picture of what it takes to be successful in the world of startups and business, you have to dig around and apply some critical thinking to the issue.
Is the startup success rate bleak? Yes. Are there plenty of startups that beat the averages and enjoy overwhelming success? Yes. The less you focus on the failure aspect and the more you pay attention to the successful startup, the greater your chances are of thriving.
5 Startup Success Factors
While there's no secret formula that explains exactly what it takes to be successful, there are plenty of signs and indicators that point to common factors. In order to help you better predict the likelihood of success for your startup (or someone else's), let's unpack a few of these elements.
1. Founder's Personal Finance Background
Perhaps you've heard people say something like, “If you can't lead your own family, how can you expect to lead a company/country/etc.” You'll typically hear sentiments like this arise after a prominent figure has been linked to a family scandal (usually involving a child making a dumb mistake). While perhaps unfair to a degree, it's true. If you can't lead your own family and keep them on a responsible path, what makes people believe you're fit to lead others who are further outside your circle of influence?
The same could be said for finances. If you can't manage your own personal finances well, who's to say you're fit to manage the finances of an entire business? On the flip side, if you've proven yourself to be a good steward of your money, then you probably have a sound financial “head” on your shoulders.
If you're currently struggling with something like poor credit, now's the time to get a grip and solve the issue. (Here are some reputable credit repair companies.) If you have large amounts of personal debt, it's time to dig your way out. (Dave Ramsey provides 25 practical tips.) As you deal with your personal issues, you'll pick up the skills needed to address business finances.
2. Diversity of the Team
Venture capital firm First Round Capital recently conducted a research study in which they analyzed information on more than 300 companies and nearly 600 founders. Among their many findings, they discovered that one of the biggest predictors of startup success is a diverse team.
Specifically, First Round's data shows that female-founded startups outperform all-male teams. Despite the fact that men are twice as likely to become entrepreneurs globally, companies with female founders perform 63 percent better than those with all-male founding teams.
Then there's the issue of age. While conventional wisdom would say more experience is better, startups with older founders (40-plus) don't always perform better. The First Round data shows that founding teams with an average age of under 25 perform 30 percent better than the average startup. And while the average age of all founders in the study was 34.5, the average age of the top 10 startups was 31.9.
Most people think about diversity in terms of race, religion, and gender, but age is a factor too. In order to give your startup the best chance of being successful, make sure you're accounting for age diversity.
3. Business Model
“Ideally, a business model is always in complete alignment with the current market trends and plays a definitive role in creating growth platforms that align with the company's vision,” entrepreneur Rose Martin explains. “With a good business plan, an entrepreneur maps the company's future course of action, along with sources required to achieve the goals.”
Identifying your startup's business model is obviously one of the first responsibilities you're faced with, but do note that investors are much more attracted to business models that align with current market needs and trends, rather than dated models that might appear more stable on the surface. Investors don't want safe investments. In most cases, they want investments that have the potential for big returns.
4. Halo Effect of Former Employers
“Teams with at least one founder coming out of Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft or Twitter, performed 160 percent better than other companies,” First Round explains. “And while school didn't have any real impact on pre-money valuations, company alma maters did. Founding teams with experience at any of those marquee companies landed pre-money valuations nearly 50 percent larger than their peers.”
In other words, the Halo Effect comes into play. If you want to predict the success of a startup, you can tell a lot by studying who the founders know, where they've come from, and what sort of connections they have outside the startup's inner circle.
5. Commitment to Positive Cash Flow
Of startups that fail, 29 percent report that they run out of cash. Clearly, if you can avoid cash flow issues, you'll have a far better chance of being successful. Specifically, you should ditch the mindset that debt is good and adopt the mentality that positive cash flow is healthy.
One of the most important things you can do is encourage clients to pay on time (or even early). The sooner clients pay up, the less likely it is that you'll find yourself in a position where you can't pay off your own debts.
While most startups aren't profitable in their first year, you should at least set a goal for when you want to break even. Having this goal — and creating checkpoints that keep you on track — will demonstrate that you're committed to staying in the black.
If Success Isn't Likely, Perhaps You Should Fail Fast
When studying the numbers and reviewing reputable research studies, it becomes clear that most startups won't survive for more than a few years. In other words, failure is quite common. The key, from an entrepreneurial perspective, is to let these failures shape you.
While conventional wisdom might tell you to hang on for as long as you can, financial expert Keith Speights subscribes to the theory that it might be better to fail fast (if you're going to eventually fail anyway).
As he explains, “Drugmakers have many more failures along the way than they have successes. But they don't quit developing new drugs. They simply realize that's the reality of the business and adjust accordingly. If they didn't fail quickly enough with experimental drugs that aren't safe or effective, their overall success would actually be much lower.
People Matter Most
It doesn't matter who you are, what your track record looks like, or what sort of idea you have. There is no way to predict startup success with 100 percent accuracy. There are simply too many factors involved in the equation. Having said that, you can certainly get a better idea of what it takes to be successful and how different issues come into play.
As this article shows, a great deal of weight is placed on the people involved. While you need money and a strong idea, it's the people that make a startup tick. The sooner you realize this, the brighter your future will be.
Challenging Star Darshan's 50th film, Kurukshetra's filming is going on in full swing. According to the casting director, most of the cast have been finalized, but, the team is still searching for a famous actor to essay Arjuna's role.
By the way, filming for Kurukshetra will take place in just one schedule which is said to last for 100 days, and will entirely be shot at Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad.
As every Indian knows, the episode of Draupadi's disrobing was also one of the major reasons for the Battle of Kurukshetra in Mahabharat. It was Dushyasana who disrobed Draupadi, as per the orders from his elder brother Duryodhana.
Since Kurukshetra film also encompasses the disrobing episode, everyone were inquisitive to know who would essay the role of Dushyasana in the film.
According to our sources, an actor has now been finalized for Dushyasana's role in the film, thus bringing a closure to all speculations.
One of the most talented and underrated actors of Sandalwood, Ravi Chetan, has been roped in to essay Dushyasana's role in Muniratna's Kurukshetra.
Ravi Chetan has previously acted in a lot of films, playing supportive roles in Darshan, Sudeep, Vishnuvardhan, Shivarajkumar and a few other movies.
Although this news is still unconfirmed by Kurukshetra film team, our sources believe that the actor has already been finalized and he will start shooting in a couple of days.
After reporting a bigger than expected jump in new orders for U.S. manufactured goods in the previous month, the Commerce Department released a report on Friday showing factory orders once again increased by more than expected in December.
The Commerce Department said factory orders surged up by 1.7 percent in December, matching the upwardly revised jump seen in November.
Economists had expected factory orders to climb by 1.5 percent compared to the 1.3 percent increase originally reported for the previous month.
The bigger than expected increase in factory orders was partly due to a spike in durable goods orders, which shot up by 2.8 percent in December after jumping by 1.7 percent in November.
Orders for non-durable goods also climbed by 0.7 percent in December after soaring by 1.6 percent in the previous month.
The report also said shipments of manufactured goods rose by 0.6 percent, while inventories of manufactured goods increased by 0.5 percent.
The inventories-to-shipments ratio subsequently came in at 1.35 in December, unchanged from the previous month.
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Economic News
What parts of the world are seeing the best (and worst) economic performances lately? Click here to check out our Econ Scorecard and find out! See up-to-the-moment rankings for the best and worst performers in GDP, unemployment rate, inflation and much more.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Khd
The Durham County Sheriff's Office asked for the public's help Wednesday to find a missing 13-year-old who did not return home from school last week.
Carolina Cortez-Cruz was last seen around 6:20 a.m. Friday at her school bus stop near the intersection of Michael Drive and Cheek Road. Carolina attends Neal Middle School, officials said.
Carolina has brown eyes and black hair. She is 4 feet 5 inches tall and weighs about 120 pounds. Durham County officials say she was last seen wearing a black sweater and blue jeans.
Anyone with information about her whereabouts is urged to contact the Durham County Sheriff's Office at 919-560-0900 or call 911.
Generally, you hear about fast-fashion brands like H&M and Zara copying looks from the Paris and New York runways. But Balenciaga has done the opposite.
“Today” reports that the fancy French label — considered the plus ultra of chic, fashion-forward design — has a new bag, and it looks an awful lot like the big blue carryalls one gets at Ikea.
The Arena extra-large shopping tote is the same blinding blue color, has the same short handles and comes in a “wrinkled, glazed leather” that resembles the Ikea bag's crinkly material.
The biggest difference? Balenciaga's homage to cheap Swedish design costs $2,145, which is about $2,144 more than Ikea's 99 cent bargain.
Of course, this is the kind of thing fashion brands do all the time. Since Yves Saint Laurent brought countercultural hippie flares and bohemian caftans to his couture runways in the 1960s, high fashion has been obsessed with “the street,” or the kinds of things the hoi polloi wear and consume.
John Galliano took this trend to its apex — or maybe nadir — with his 2000 haute couture show for Christian Dior, inspired by actual Parisian hobos.
More recently, Jeremy Scott's collections for his own label and for Italian luxury brand Moschino have cribbed motifs and designs from mass, non-fashion brands like McDonald's, Hershey's and Barbie.
But lately, designers have gotten particularly lazy.
Instead of infusing their collections with the stuff of “the street,” they're pretty much offering the same things you would get at the mall or — in Balenciaga's case — at Ikea.
In 2015, Givenchy released a pair of black lace-up clunkers that looked like a rip-off of the iconic Dr. Martens worker boot.
Meanwhile, 2016 was the year of the Teva, with brands ranging from Prada to Chanel to Dion Lee coming up with their own (much pricier) spins on the sport sandal.
This year, Vetements — whose main designer is also Balenciaga's current creative director — has collaborated with Hanes to create a series of barely distinguishable versions of the brand's classic undershirt at wildly inflated prices.
It's not clear whether the Ikea shopping bag directly influenced Balenciaga's new tote. But the idea of a luxury tote that mimics the kind of carryall that shoppers schlep around at the market or hardware store isn't new. Ten years ago, Marc Jacobs, then designing for Louis Vuitton, created a high-fashion knockoff of the checkered nylon shopping bags once offered at Chinatown's Pearl River Mart for $5.
So, Balenciaga isn't even originally derivative!
At least Ikea doesn't seem to mind. The company told “Today” that it was “deeply flattered” by the comparison, adding, “Nothing beats the versatility of a great big blue bag!”
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
UK put under fresh pressure to clean up polluted air
Actor Ty Burrell soiled himself in Times Square, New York following his first-ever meeting with a talent agent.
Before shooting to fame on popular U.S. comedy Modern Family, the 49-year-old was a struggling performer from Oregon who moved to New York City after graduating with a Master's degree from Penn State University in the 1990s.
And when he caught his first break in the industry by landing a face-to-face chat with an agent, the funnyman's bowel decided to give him a rude awakening.
“On that spectacular fall morning, I walked into the agency's office, just off Times Square, with a bounce in my step reserved for people pretending to be relaxed...,” Burrell shared in a column penned for The New York Times newspaper, titled The First Time. “It was a legitimate agency, and I was intimidated.”
A few minutes after the end of his awkward interview, in which the agent suggested he shave his arms to land theatre roles, Ty walked outside and pooped his pants.
“I shook his hand, walked out into Times Square and soiled myself,” he recalled. “I stood there for a surprisingly long time before I realized what had happened. My ears were ringing from the shock of the meeting. Yet I didn't move. I watched all the people of the world cross back and forth in front of me.”
Remember the most bruising job interview you ever had. Remember how badly you reacted. Ty Burrell had it worse. https://t.co/PgAvRGwvUb — Scott Heller (@hellerNYT) June 13, 2017
When Burrell snapped back to reality, he noticed a McDonald's and rushed to the fast food restaurant to clean himself up.
“I spotted the golden arches across Times Square the way I imagine immigrants spotted the Statue of Liberty (when they used to arrive by boat),” he wrote. “There I threw my underwear in the garbage. I now had no underwear and, bizarrely, none of the anxiety I had felt mere moments before.
“It was as if I had taken the worst of the business, swallowed it, digested it, discharged it and thrown it away. I walked out of the bathroom, past the huddled masses at the tables, into Times Square and the new world.”
Priyanka Chopra and her boyfriend Nick Jonas were in India last week and the duo ended up having one helluva time. First, they were at their housewarming ceremony in Mumbai and then flew to Goa for a holiday with Parineeti Chopra and then attended Akash Ambami and Shloka Mehta's mehendi and engagement ceremony in Mumbai as well. Now that the couple are in the US, they decided to step out for a night and were instead greeted by many fans on the streets. Priyanka and Nick, patiently stood for selfies and even hugged the fans in the end.
Also, just a few days ago, Nick Jonas held a concert in Brazil and Priyanka Chopra was standing across the stage cheering for him. She also posted several clips of the concert on her Instagram stories and even captioned one story with a heart symbol saying "Him". Check out the pictures of Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas patiently posing for selfies with fans on the streets below...
Desi Girls Two beautiful desi girls, Priyanka Chopra and a fan, look spectacular and so full of happiness here! Such A Lucky Girl A fan posed with Nick Jonas on the streets and the one who clicked this picture is none other than Priyanka Chopra herself. The Best Moment Priyanka Chopra also hugged her fan in the end while Nick Jonas patiently stood and watched. Fan Moment Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas date night ended being a selfie and pictures night for the fans. The Cool Nick Jonas If posing for pictures were not enough, fans zoomed in on Nick Jonas and shared his pictures online as well.
Jhanvi Kapoor & Ishaan Khattar On India's Best Dramebaaz
On India's Best Dramebaaz, Jhanvi looked pretty in light pink-white colour top and skirt, while her Dhadak co-star, Ishaan also complimented her in a (dark) pink shirt and black pant.
Vivek Shares A Picture
Sharing a picture, Vivek Oberoi wrote, "Beautiful chemistry with that adorable innocence! You guys look great together! @ishaan95 you're spontaneity is awesome....instantly lovable! Killer abs pretty impressive too! Lol! @janhvikapoor you're absolutely lovely...with that million dollar smile! God bless you both with great success for #Dhadak! #indiasbestdramebaaz #dramebaazdiaries @zeetv @omungkumar @iamhumaq." - (sic)
Huma Qureshi
Huma Qureshi too, shared the same picture and wrote, "Look who dropped in on our set today ... The #Dhadak Duo @janhvikapoor @ishaan95 ❤❤❤ #IBD Season 3 just got cuter !!! @omungkumar @vivekoberoi." - (sic)
Omung Kumar With Jhanvi Kapoor
Omung Kumar shared a picture snapped with Jhanvi and wrote, "All the best @janhvikapoor on your debut film #dhadak we know you will shine in the film:) had a great time with you on our show #indiasbestdramebaaz @zeetv." - (sic)
Vivek Shares An Adorable Picture Of Jhanvi
Vivek also shared an adorable picture of Jhanvi holding a puppy, and wrote, "True love! Hahaha! @janhvikapoor it was such a treat to have you on our show, from that little kid when I first saw you to now....what a wonderful young lady you've become! God bless you with great success! All the best for #dhadak! Hope that puppy makes u smile always! #indiasbestdramebaaz." - (sic)
Good morning, here are our early stories:
-- International Campaign To Abolish Nuclear Weapons Wins 2017 Peace Prize.
-- Las Vegas Shooter's Life Comes Into Focus, But Not His Motive.
-- Speaking Freely, Retiring Sen. Corker Warns GOP He Could Oppose Tax Plan.
And here are more early headlines:
Trump's Cryptic Reference To "Calm Before The Storm". (NBC)
Nate Predicted To Hit U.S. Gulf Coast As A Hurricane. (NHC)
U.K. Leader Says She Has Support After Speech With Mishaps. (BBC)
Questions About Catalonia's Independence Effort. (New York Times)
Danone targets €1bn savings as it signals slower profit growth
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
In oil mystery, traders resort to ‘buy the builds' mantra
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
January is set to be a busy month for Reading FC with arrivals and departures likely.
With plenty of the season still to go, manager Jaap Stam will be looking to strengthen his squad as much as possible for a strong second half to the season.
But with some players not featuring as much as they would like or away on loan, a permanent exit from Royals is possible.
Clearly it depends on how much interest there is in the player and if the bid is right, but a few are likely to seek pastures new.
Earlier this week, we asked Reading fans to pick which players they would like the club to keep and sell in the upcoming transfer window.
Despite being out of contract in the summer, Sam Smith, Tennai Watson and Anssi Jaakkola all scored highly to players who fan want Royals to keep.
(Image: Eddie Greville)
But for others, a new start could be on the cards.
Here are the six players who Royals fan want to see move away in January.
Joseph Mendes (43 per cent of fans voted to sell)
Currently sidelined with a knee injury and is out of contract in the summer. If Royals can find a buyer then no doubt they will be considered.
Yakou Meite (43 per cent)
Away on loan for the season with Ligue 2 side Sochaux. Remains to be seen whether he will get a second chance with Royals.
Tyler Blackett (39 per cent)
Fallen out of favour in recent weeks and sits alongside academy left-back Omar Richards on the bench.
(Image: Eddie Greville)
Jonathan Bond (26 per cent)
Way down the pecking order in the Royals goalkeeping ranks and is out on loan with Peterborough United. Likely to be sold if an offer comes in.
Stephen Quinn (23 per cent)
Out with a long-term knee injury and with his contract expiring in six months, is likely to leave on a free in the summer.
Deniss Rakels (20 per cent)
Out on loan in Poland with Lech Poznan, the Latvian is likely to have played his final game for Royals and will leave either in January or next summer.
Don't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low's Twitter account @jonathanl50.
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan's Facebook page.
Facebook/Taylor Boncal
A 22-year-old high school teacher had a sexual relationship with an 18-year-old student in Connecticut, police in West Hartford say. WTNH reports that Taylor Boncal turned herself in to authorities on February 1. The station says that Boncal was living in New Britain at the time of the alleged offense. The school system in West Hartford first alerted the New Britain Police Department about Boncal and an investigation was initiated in mid-January after a parent made a complaint. Boncal was arraigned in New Britain Superior Court on February 2. Boncal is facing charges of three counts of second-degree sexual assault.
Fox 61 in Connecticut reports that the “a spokesperson for the town of West Hartford” said the couple is in love and that the 18-year-old's parents have asked that no charges be pressed.
NBC Connecticut reports that Boncal was a track coach and student teacher at the school. The station says Boncal began at the school in December 2017 and was fired in January. The Hartford Courant reports that Boncal had been working at the school as a student teacher throughout the fall of 2018 and was kept on as a track coach.
Conard Principal Julio Duarte wrote a letter home to parents that read in part, “As educators, we are entrusted to protect and educate all of our students and know there are certain boundaries that can never be crossed. Also, we will not tolerate any behavior that compromises the safety or well-being of our students. I hope you will not let the misconduct of this one individual cast a shadow over all of our staff members who demonstrate their commitment to our students every day.”
NBC Connecticut reports that the alleged sexual relations never took place on campus.
According to her Facebook page, Boncal was a student at Woodland Regional High School and Stony Brook University and is a resident of Beacon Falls, Connecticut. Boncal says that she left Stony Brook in 2013. Boncal was a track star at Central Connecticut State University.
#12783 Loving the new hair Taylor Boncal. Didn't think it was possible for you to get more beautiful. You single? — CCSU crushes (@CCSUcrushes) March 5, 2016
A feature was written on Boncal's time in high school by Citizen's News out of Naugatuck, Connecticut. The article was titled, “Boncal leaves her mark on Woodland.” A friend of Boncal's, Nicole Fowler, told the story for the piece: “During softball season freshman year, we were having batting practice before a game and she somehow managed to run into the pitching machine. She got burned and her pants ripped.” The article goes on to refer to Boncal as “one of the top female athletes” in her high school's history. Boncal told the website, “Going into high school my goal was to start varsity softball. It was awesome playing with seniors like Katie Alfiere and Emily Hutvagner. I played travel softball for so many years and that's what I wanted to do. I wanted to go all-state and get a Division I scholarship and all that. I didn't expect to be as good at track as I was. And there was some drama with travel softball in the summer, so I fell in love with track. I wish I could have played both.”
By Hayden Wright
When the Rolling Stones were humble upstarts bumming around London, they achieved fame thanks to appearances on BBC programs like Saturday Club, Top Gear, Rhythm and Blues and The Joe Loss Pop Show. Those early performances contained songs that were never recorded or released commercially, but helped build a following that exploded by the mid-60s. The Stones will immortalize those formative years on a new compilation titled On Air, featuring never-before-heard songs and some Rolling Stones classics.
Related: The Rolling Stones Debut Psychedelic Lyric Video for ‘She's a Rainbow'
The songs have been remastered by a special process called “audio source separation.” This means the radio audio has been de-mixed and each element isolated, so that each one can be “rebuilt, rebalanced and remixed to achieve a fuller, more substantial sound.”
The deluxe edition of On Air features 32 tracks in total, from ” (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction” to “The Spider and the Fly” and three Chuck Barry covers. Even die-hard Rolling Stones fans may not recognize some song titles from the full track list, since they've all but disappeared from the band's catalog until now.
As part of the announcement, the Stones have released “Come On” from a 1963 appearance on the Saturday Club broadcast. Check it out below.
1. Come On, Saturday Club, 1963
2. (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction , Saturday Club, 1965
3. Roll Over Beethoven, Saturday Club, 1963
4. The Spider And The Fly, Yeah Yeah, 1965
5. Cops And Robbers, Blues in Rhythm, 1964
6. It's All Over Now, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
7. Route 66, Blues in Rhythm, 1964
8. Memphis, Tennessee, Saturday Club, 1963
9. Down The Road Apiece, Top Gear, 1965
10. The Last Time, Top Gear, 1965
11. Cry To Me, Saturday Club, 1965
12. Mercy, Mercy, Yeah Yeah, 1965
13. Oh! Baby (We Got A Good Thing Goin'), Saturday Club, 1965
14. Around And Around, Top Gear, 1964
15. Hi Heel Sneakers, Saturday Club, 1964
16. Fannie Mae, Saturday Club, 1965
17. You Better Move On, Blues in Rhythm, 1964
18. Mona, Blues In Rhythm, 1964
Bonus Tracks (Deluxe)
19. I Wanna Be Your Man, Saturday Club, 1964
20. Carol, Saturday Club, 1964
21. I'm moving On, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
22. If You Need Me, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
23. Walking The Dog, Saturday Club, 1964
24. Confessin' The Blues, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
25. Everybody Needs Somebody To Love, Top Gear, 1965
26. Little By Little, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
27. Ain't That Loving You Baby, Rhythm And Blues, 1964
28. Beautiful Delilah, Saturday Club, 1964
29. Crackin' Up, Top Gear, 1964
30. I Can't Be Satisfied, Top Gear, 1964
31. I Just Want to Make Love To You, Saturday Club, 1964
32. 2120 South Michigan Avenue, Rhythm and Blues, 1964
The country's second largest IT services firm Infosys said it has completed the acquisition of US-based WONGDOODY.
In April, Infosys had said it will acquire WongDoody Holding Company, a US-based digital creative and consumer insights agency, for a total consideration of up to USD 75 million.
“Infosys has concluded the acquisition for a consideration up to USD 75,040,000 including conditional deferred consideration and employee retention amounts,” Infosys said in a BSE filing on Wednesday.
It added that the acquisition — which is in accordance with the terms set out in the agreement announced by the company in April — brings globally recognised creative talent and deep marketing and brand engagement expertise to Infosys.
“Through this acquisition, Infosys enhances its digital experience services ecosystem with services ranging from strategy, design and user experience, to creative and digital marketing across the customer experience value chain,” it said.
It added the transaction will also help Infosys further expand its worldwide network of digital studios.
Founded in 1993, WONGDOODY is headquartered in Seattle and has an office in Los Angeles. Its has clients across industries like telecommunications, consumer electronics, healthcare and consumer packaged goods.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
A heartbreaking video of an emaciated polar bear is going viral online.
The video, shot by National Geographic photographer Paul Nicklen, was taken in Canada inside the Arctic Circle.
It shows the starving bear struggling to walk, scavenging for anything to eat. Nicklen said he didn't want the bear to die in vain.
In the days since he posted the footage, Nicklen said he's been asked why he didn't intervene.
“Of course, that crossed my mind,” Nicklen told National Geographic. “But it's not like I walk around with a tranquilizer gun or 400 pounds of seal meat.”
Plus, in Canada, feeding polar bears is illegal. That doesn't mean Nicklen wasn't affected.
“We stood there crying—filming with tears rolling down our cheeks,” he said.
The video also has definitely struck a nerve with those who have viewed it, prompting a steady conversation about the sensitive topic of global warming.
Experts say the half-ton bears find large quantities of seals on sea ice. They're even used to not having food for several months during the summer while they wait for the ice to form again.
But warming temperatures and rising seas have prevented the ice from solidifying, and polar bears are staying longer on the land looking for food, often times with little success, environmentalists say.
“When scientists say bears are going extinct, I want people to realize what it looks like. Bears are going to starve to death,” Nicklen told National Geographic. “This is what a starving bear looks like.”
Ashley Young insists his hunger for the game remains strong despite admitting uncertainty over his Manchester United future.
The former England international has started only 13 games for United this season and was linked with a move to the Chinese Super League in January and February.
But with eight of those starts coming in United's last 13 games, Young is back in the fray and wants to concentrate on events on the pitch.
The 31-year-old said: "There was of course, and there is always, speculation and especially when there is a transfer window and you are not playing.
"But I have always said that I want to play as much as possible. What the future holds I am not too sure. I am just concentrating on each game and when the manager calls on me I will give 100 per cent and look to play as well as I can.
"I am looking to play as many games as I can between now and the end of the season. That is what I am concentrating on now. That is the main focus for me and then we will see what happens.
"I have fire and hunger in my belly. I want to succeed. I work hard. When you have such competition in a fantastic squad it pushes you on every day.
"If you watched training there are no challenges that are not like in a game. Everybody wants to pull on the shirt and I am no different."
Young insisted he "was concentrating on Manchester United" when the rumours of a move to China surfaced and has not yet looked beyond the end of his current deal at Old Trafford.
Young, who joined United from Aston Villa in 2011, said: "I have another year left on my contract and an option after that so if there is anything there to be discussed you would have to ask the manager."
Harvest Community School is a private, non-profit school located in Summerton
Harvest Community School in Summerton has completed its fifth year as a private, non-profit Charlotte Mason curriculum based school. Mason was a classical English educator in England at the turn of the twentieth century. She formed an approach to teaching that educated the whole person, not just the mind. In her words, “Education is an Atmosphere, a Discipline, a Life.”
Harvest has created a community centered, habit centered atmosphere where students work at individual-appropriate paces, striving for independent learning. As a Charlotte Mason school, Harvest focuses more on living books rather than dry textbooks to teach literature, history and the sciences.
Often there are group classes with multiple grades in one room, which encourages older children to assist younger friends in areas of struggle. Younger students, in turn, learn they may depend on the older children for assistance.
Headmaster Angie Bruner was an early childhood and elementary teacher in the public school system for 15 years. At church, she met Tammy Glaser, an avid homeschooler who became curriculum coordinator, and the two formed a fast friendship. Both had a strong desire to bring a different type of learning experience to Summerton and Clarendon County.
Glaser had used Mason's methods to homeschool her children and had become involved with an online community called Ambleside Online. The community's goal was to find books from today which would meet Mason's philosophy for education. As the free community grew, so did Glaser's knowledge. In 2009, she was asked to design a curriculum for the first Charlotte Mason Charter School in the U.S.
“I really got to know not only how to design a curriculum for your own home but how that looks at a school level,” said Glaser. “It really broadened my experience and helped prepare me for this.”
“This was God's plan and God's design,” said Bruner. Together they made the decision in early June 2013 to open Harvest, and the first day of school was August 26. “Everything just fell into place. We were enrolling students before we had an actual building,” said Bruner.
Although they expected eight students the first year, they began the year with 18 and ended with 25 students. At the close of their fifth year, they have 55 students and expect 65 for the 2018-19 school year.
The school serves grades K-12 and will have a maximum capacity of 75-80 students. Classes are kept small to give teachers time with each student to help them learn at their own best pace.
Harvest is fully accredited through the South Carolina Association of Christian Schools, which is one of the two independent school organizations recognized by the state. Upon graduation, Harvest students have the same ability to go to any college they choose, just as any other public or private school student would have. The school uses the state uniform grading scale and requires the same high school credits that any other accredited school requires.
“It's just how we go about learning the material that's different,” said Bruner.
“We're more about the child. When a child comes here, we assess where they are as a student and help them grow to become thinkers and become observant and be interested in the world,” said Glaser.
The school is heavily involved in community service. For the last three years, groups of students have visited the Lake Marion Nursing Home to visit residents once a week. Recently, a student's sibling was born prematurely, and the school became aware of a need for crocheted baby hats. As part of the curriculum requires learning material arts, the students began to crochet and donate baby hats to the NIC unit at Richland Memorial Hospital in Columbia.
The school has also become home to one of the Santee/Summerton Blessing Boxes. Students stock it, organize it, and keep track of high-need items. Members of the community may come take things if they are in need, and others may leave things to donate.
“It's been very rewarding for the children to know they're doing something that really is so helpful to this certain population of the community,” said Bruner. Students have volunteered to keep the blessing box stocked during the summer as well.
The service theme also applies to the school. Every child performed 5-10 minutes of age-appropriate chores every day at the school. They help organize, clean, sweep and maintain the facility and the grounds. “It builds a sense of community and responsibility that what they do matters and taking care of their surroundings matters. We all chip in together,” said Bruner.
While the school does not have organized sports, they do provide extra curricular activities. Harvest has a competitive archery club, 4-H, a chorus club, a chess club, and provides weekly violin lessons.
Due to a chapter highlighting Harvest's success and philosophy in Know and Tell: The Art of Narration, by Karen Glass, Bruner and Glaser now spend time in other states speaking to other groups who wish to start a Charlotte Mason Charter School. “We certainly never imagined that would happen, that we would be doing consulting work with people who want to replicate what we have here,” said Bruner.
“Because the classroom is designed the way it is, kids want to be in there. There are always interesting books to talk about. There are always interesting things going on. There are things they enjoy doing that they'll miss when they're not in class,” said Glaser.
“I'm as excited today for the next start of school as I was for the first start of school, because we're seeing children being so successful, and we're thankful we get to be a part of it,” said Bruner.
From the section
Image copyright Google Image caption Ethan Owens was hit by Zoe Bennison's Range Rover in Marina Way
A driver has been given a suspended prison sentence for killing a nine-year-old boy who was struck by her Range Rover.
Ethan Owens died eight days after being hit by Zoe Bennison's car in Marina Way, Hartlepool on February 27.
Bennison, 26, of Hylton Close, Hartlepool, pleaded guilty to causing his death by careless driving.
She was sentenced to nine months in prison, suspended for 18 months, at Teesside Crown Court.
Bennison was also given a two-year driving ban.
Ethan suffered injuries to his head, pelvis, and spine. He was treated at James Cook Hospital in Middlesbrough before his life-support machine was turned off.
Image caption An investigation is under way into alleged "sexual misconduct" by Shelterbox staff
Three people involved in allegations of "sexual misconduct incidents" resigned or were dismissed from a multimillion-pound disaster aid charity.
Shelterbox only made a report to the Charity Commission when the BBC asked a series of questions.
The Charity Commission said: "We are assessing these serious concerns as a matter of urgency."
The revelation comes in the wake of a series of allegations of sexual misconduct by aid workers.
The charity told the BBC there had been "three sexual misconduct incidents pre-2013, one of which is unproven".
The Charity Commission said a serious incident report was submitted on 8 March concerning "non-recent" incidents.
Shelterbox Facts The Latest annual report, 2016 £10.2m Total annual income £11.9m Total spent
29,300 Households helped
16 Disasters and conflicts attended Getty Images
The BBC had contacted Shelterbox on 6 March with a series of questions relating to allegations of staff paying for sex, and any complaints made and action taken.
The charity has not explained why it did not report the serious allegations previously.
The Charity Commission said it was in touch with Shelterbox to understand whether the alleged incidents "were handled appropriately at the time".
Shelterbox
Shelterbox was set up in 2000 in Helston, Cornwall, by former Royal Navy search and rescue diver Tom Henderson.
Originally the charity delivered green boxes containing essential items, such as a stove and a tent, for people in disaster areas .
In 2014 Shelterbox started providing shelter kits which contain "all of the essential tools people need to start repairing and rebuilding homes".
The charity has delivered aid at the scene of disasters areas, including Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines, flooding crises in Malaysia and the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew in Haiti.
Chris Warham, Shelterbox chief executive, said: "These incidents did not involve beneficiaries, were managed swiftly and effectively at the time through immediate dismissal and resignation but were not reported to the Charity Commission, which we should have done."
The exact nature of any incidents and when and where they took place is still not known.
Shelterbox has an annual income of more than £10m and its president is the Duchess of Cornwall.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Duchess of Cornwall is the president of ShelterBox.
In 2012, the charity's chief executive and founder Tom Henderson was sacked and later charged with fraud but found not guilty in court.
Shelterbox has told the BBC that Mr Henderson was not involved in any way with the alleged sexual misconduct.
Mr Henderson said he was not aware of the allegations.
Trustees of any charity are obliged to report any serious incident to the Charity Commission "in a timely manner".
The Charity Commission guidance on safeguarding states: "If you fail to report a serious incident that subsequently comes to light, the Commission may consider this to be mismanagement..."
A spokesman for the Duchess of Cornwall declined to comment.
According to Shelterbox, the charity had an income of £108m between 2000 and 2015 with more than £43m coming from Rotary International.
A spokesman for Rotary International said: "Rotary has, until very recently, been unaware of the historic safeguarding issues that Shelterbox has now disclosed to the Charity Commission, and it would be inappropriate to comment further until the Commission concludes its review."
Russian soldiers have detained three individuals living in the village of Artsevia in Gori municipality. They crossed the wire entanglements in order to get to the cemetery.
“This is the ugly face of occupation, which doesn't care bout people's interests. Of course we have the hotline open now so that our citizens are freed as soon as possible”, stated the Minister for Reconciliation, Ketevan Tsikhelashvili.
According to State Security Service they were detained for the alleged illegal trespassing of the so-called border with occupied Tskhinvali region.
Earlier this month Two Georgian citizens were detained by Russian soldiers in the Zugdidi region. Father and son Archil and Paata Rogava, aged 59 and 25, were searching for a lost horse. According to eyewitnesses, Russian soldiers detained the pair near the shore of the Enguri river.
There have been numerous cases where the civilians from the Gori municipality have been detained for allegedly crossing the ABL with South Ossetia. On April 4th, 2017 Russian border officers on the administrative boundary line with South Ossetia detained a local man, Alika Geliashvili, from the village of Bershueti in the Gori municipality; in March 2017, Kakhaber Kisishvili was detained for allegedly illegally crossing the ABL; in February 2017, two women were detained at the ABL; on November 27, 2016, Russian border police detained 18-year-old Mikheil Khubulashvili from Gori municipality; on October 24, 2016 Russian soldiers detained Ilia Takadze from the village of Kirbaly; and on September 12, 60-year-old shepard Valiko Khizanishvili was kidnapped; in the summer in 2016, a father and son were also taken into custody for allegedly illegally crossing the occupation line.
Break-even Mark
With the overall theatrical business value pegged at 100 Cr, Bharat Ane Nenu, is required to earn the same amount to attain HIT mark at the box office. Anywhere below the same margin ends up as a loss venture.
The movie garners SUPERHIT status if it is able to achieve 120 Cr distributor share.
First Weekend Collections
Nizam - 10.2 Cr, Ceded - 5.5 Cr, Vizag - 5.18 Cr, East - 4.42 Cr, West - 2.63 Cr, Krishna - 3.38 Cr, Guntur - 5.57 Cr, Nellore - 1.42 Cr, USA - 9.08 Cr, Karnataka - 5.8 Cr, UAE/GCC - 1.35 Cr, Tamil Nadu - 0.87 Cr, Aus/NZ - 0.9 Cr & Rest of India & World - 1.1 Cr.
Total: 57.4 Cr
The worldwide distributor share is over 57 Cr while the gross value is a colossal 93 Cr. This is the highest for any Telugu movie (non Baahubali) for the initial weekend. The overall gross tally is a humongous 93 Cr and this is the highest for any Telugu movie till date surpassing the recent blockbuster, Rangasthalam. (non Baahubali).
Series Of Records
Bharat Ane Nenu has already carved some records under its belt within the initial weekend.
Day 1 gross of the movie at Chennai box office was a good 0.27 Cr which is said to be the highest for any Telugu movie. The first weekend Tamil Nadu collections of 2.35 Cr for a direct Telugu -only movie is said to be the highest for the language in Tamil Nadu.
Bharat Ane Nenu is all set to achieve break-even in the said territory by today itself, and is all set to close as a blockbuster. Mahesh, once again proves his box office pull and stamina in the neighbouring state.
The scene in the USA is no different, which is claimed as the strong fort of Mahesh Babu. Bharat Ane Nenu, has galloped to USD 2.5M in 3 days which is once again a record in T-town.
Jr NTR Praises Bharat Ane Nenu
Young Tiger, Jr. NTR, who had attended the pre-release event of Bharat Ane Nenu, has apparently watched the movie and has appreciated the movie and the team of Bharat Ane Nenu.
Tarak tweeted , "Blending social responsibility with commercial elements is not an easy job. Kudos to @sivakoratala for balancing both aspects beautifully. And congratulations to @urstrulyMahesh for delivering a flawless performance." - (sic)
"Congratulations to the entire team of #BharathAneNenu for making an honest and remarkable film."- (sic)
SS Rajamouli Lauds The Movie
Ace Film Director, SS Rajamouli too was not left behind and he too joined the party via his Twitter official account.
"Raising issues like Local Governance in a commercial film requires a lot of thought. Truly appreciate @sivakoratala garu and @urstrulyMahesh for their conviction. Press meet scene is the best amongst many good moments in #BharatAneNenu." - (sic)
"@urstrulyMahesh delivered his best performance. Casting is very good. Everyone fit in perfectly. Congratulations Danayya garu and the team of #BharatAneNenu" - (sic)
New York State Police at Whitney Point arrested Chad M. King, age 30, of Whitney Point, NY for the felony of Assault 1st degree.
Troopers responded to a Broome County 911 report of two men fighting outside of Aiello's Ristorante on Main St., in the town of Triangle. The investigation determined that King was in a verbal dispute with another man, when he punched that man in the face while holding metal knuckles. The victim went to Wilson Hospital where he received medical attention for serious physical injuries to his face.
King was arraigned in the Broome County Central Processing and was remanded to the Broome County Jail with no bail set. His next court date in the town of Triangle is pending.
WASHINGTON (AP) — For the first time in 30 years, the U.S. Marine Corps will air an ad during the Super Bowl, using an online-only spot Sunday to target a young, tough, tech-savvy audience for potential recruits looking for a challenge.
The high-powered, battle-heavy, 30-second ad shows Marines deploying from ships in amphibious vehicles, dropping bombs from aircraft and hurling a shoulder-launched drone into the air.
“It's not just the ships, the armor or the aircraft. It's something more. It's the will to fight and determination to win found inside each and every Marine that answers a nation's call,” the announcer says, as the camera follows a squad of Marines storming off helicopters into a mock firefight while explosions erupt around them.
The goal, said Maj. Gen. Paul Kennedy, head of the Marine Corps Recruiting Command, is to reach young men and women who have faced and conquered challenges in their life, probably played physical sports such as wrestling or rugby, and have a bit of that fighting spirit.
Network television viewers of the game won't see the Marine spot. But those watching through online streaming services — which charge a fraction of the advertising price — will see it twice.
“I'm not trying to enlist fathers or mothers, I'm trying to enlist 18- to 24-year-olds,” said Kennedy. “And they tend to be cord cutters. They take in entertainment differently and they tend to do it on a device rather than a television.”
The Marine Corps would not provide the exact cost because the specific pricing is proprietary. But the online ad represents a savings of nearly 85 percent over the broadcast price. Thirty-second slots are going for more than $5 million for broadcast airtime alone. And the online ad — which can be viewed on http://www.marines.com — is expected to reach more than 20 million viewers.
As the military services struggle to meet recruitment goals in these times of low unemployment, they are competing for many of the same young people — physically fit high school graduates who can score 50 or higher on the military's aptitude test.
The Marine Corps is on target to meet its recruitment goal of about 38,000 for the budget year ending Sept. 30. But recruiters have historically found that the months of February through May are the toughest for finding new enlistments. By this time, many high school seniors have decided what they will do or what college they will attend.
So Kennedy is hoping the ad will reach some who may still be open to serving in the Marine Corps. Targeting the streaming broadcast has now become a more effective option as viewership online grows, he said, and is the best way to reach more young people while spending less money.
“I don't have unlimited funds,” he said. “And this is probably the most-watched event, as we move into the toughest months of recruiting.”
The visuals in the ad, he said, go to the heart of what Marines do, deliberately focusing on the fight rather than some of the intangibles such as the potential for paid college tuition, bonuses or other incentives. The images are designed to attract people who are tough and resilient — key words the Marines use repeatedly to describe the force.
The battle scenes were filmed on the West Coast with Marines participating in a military exercise called Dawn Blitz in order to show more realistic scenarios. The ad also shows Marines deployed on the USS Essex, an amphibious assault ship, which was off the California coast for training, to mimic a deployment near the shores of an adversary.
“This ad talks to the fighting spirit of young people that have come up through high school,” Kennedy said. “We want young, tough, smart warriors that want to continue to seek challenges, and we're seeking them from men and women from all walks of life.”
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. (AP) — Purdue center Isaac Haas appears to be done for the season even if Purdue's medical team or its crack engineering department can create an elbow brace that allows him to play in the NCAA Tournament.
Even if the NCAA approves a protective device for Haas' fractured right elbow, coach Matt Painter said, there are still limitations and it wouldn't be beneficial for Haas' health.
“He had the best brace you can have and he couldn't shoot right-handed free throws with it,” Painter said Monday. “He wants to play. But at the end of the day, you have to put people out there who can help you.”
The 7-foot-2, 290-pound Haas was injured during the second half of last Friday's win over Cal State Fullerton when he crashed hard to the floor while fighting for a rebound. The next day, the Boilermakers' trainers and doctors explored options to give the Alabama native a chance to come back. They fitted him with a bulky brace, which allowed Haas to run with his teammates at practice.
But the NCAA disallowed the contraption out of safety concerns for other players.
Even if officials had allowed Haas to play with the device, Painter was concerned about his limitations — the inability to make free throws and grab rebounds with both hands — making him an even bigger target for opponents to challenge and foul.
“He's going to need surgery and they're going to have to put a couple of pins in there,” Painter said. “They say it can't get worse unless he falls, but people who cover us know he falls all the time.”
Haas did not speak with reporters Monday, and his absence in Sunday's second-round game didn't hurt Purdue (30-6), which beat Butler 76-73 to reach its second straight Sweet 16. Purdue faces Texas Tech (29-6) in Boston on Friday.
Back on campus, word trickled down to Painter that some in the school's well-regarded engineering department were seeking a solution that would allow Haas to use both hands effectively.
“I think they're working on something, a class project or something,” Painter said. “But I really don't know.”
Painter commended Haas for staying engaged and providing leadership since suffering the injury. The big senior was Purdue's second-leading scorer at 14.7 points and No. 2 rebounder at 5.7. He also blocked 46 shots.
Matt Haarms, a 7-3 redshirt freshman, replaced Haas in the starting lineup while 6-10 Jacquil Taylor, who had been used sparingly this season, joined the rotation.
By REBECCA GIBIAN, Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended his reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto her title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. "I was feeling good today."
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
"Frankly, the judging was just off," George Shea, the longtime Coney Island announcer, told The Associated Press. "Joey said, 'look at my plates' and Carmen said 'look at my plates.' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74."
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74, two more than he consumed last year.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated his 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
A total of $40,000 in prize money was up for grabs, with the first-place winners taking home $10,000 each.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said she was attending the competitive eating competition to support her husband Dwight, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," she said.
Happy Easter Lilies
You may already have an Easter lily on the dining room table, or chances are you bought one to decorate the altar at church. Let's help you enjoy your lily to the fullest.
Extending the bloom time of your lily…
You may have gotten your plant sleeved in a brown paper wrap to protect it. We'll start there.
1. If it is sleeved, remove the sleeve from the bottom up, carefully tearing it away. Our instinct is to try to save the sleeve. Trust me – you have absolutely no reason to do so
2. Keep your plant moist, bright and cool – just as it was in the greenhouse. Do not leave it standing in water, however.
3. As the individual flowers just start to open, carefully pinch off the anthers (flower parts that contain pollen) with tweezers. The pollen will stain the petals, and it's sticky.
4. When the plant has finished blooming, plant it into your perennial garden. It will do best in morning sun with afternoon shade. It will bloom again next year – probably a few weeks after Easter, but don't be surprised if it plays out after a few years due primarily to the Texas summertime heat.
Handy Tip:
A few months ago I brushed against pollen in some lilies at a local McKinney flower shop. Stacy Edwards, the owner, advised me to lay my sweatshirt out in the sun for a few hours. I didn't try to daub off the pollen – that would have been my natural reaction, but she urged me not to do that. I just let the sunlight perform its magic. Pretty amazing what a difference that treatment made. What you see is solely the work of the sunshine. No cleaner, no water, no solvent.
Continued Below
Advertisement
Why growers don't like lilies…
I posted this list here a year ago, but it really merits repeating. Easter lilies are like a trip to the casino for greenhouse growers. They have no way of knowing what to expect. Here's why:
• Unlike all other holidays, the date of Easter can vary by almost a full month from late March past the middle of April.
• Spring conditions vary from year to year (i.e. this year!). So it's really hard for a grower to learn where the plants should be in their development on any given date. Things are never the same.
• Lilies are grown from bulbs, and quality of those bulbs can vary – much more than cuttings or seeds of other greenhouse crops.
• Those bulbs are produced primarily in the Northwestern U.S., and conditions there are cool and moist. But their weather varies from one year to the next, too.
• Lilies are usually planted into their greenhouse pots as soon as poinsettias are cleared out. But remember that the end date for the lily crop varies by 25 days one year to the next.
• The grower uses temperature to control the plants' rate of development: warmer to speed them up, cooler to slow them down.
• Lilies are sold by bud count. The more buds a plant has, the better the price the grower will get for it.
• But if you change the temperatures too much as the plants are growing, or if you let the plants get just a tiny bit too dry, buds will abort (“blast”) and the value of the plant is sure to sink.
• In their pots and with their potting soils, lilies are heavy to ship, and flower buds are easily snapped. And there go the profits.
So when you go into the flower shop to buy your lily in the next day or two, give a little shout-out of thanks to the grower who nurtured and loved it. Honestly, it's amazing that any grower will accept that challenge.
Posted by Neil Sperry
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This week the nation is celebrating Cake Week . . . no it isn't an episode of Bake Off.
National Cake Week was founded in 2011. It aims to get people in the kitchen to create their own home bakes and share them with family and friends.
If you've been itching to get in the kitchen and start baking then this is a great opportunity.
You can even get your children involved and make it a fun family activity.
Take a look at our recipe ideas for some inspiration.
Passion cake
(Image: Recipe by TREX)
Preparation time: 20 minutes
Cooking time: 60 minutes
Serves 10
Ingredients:
A little TREX for greasing
150g TREX, at room temperature
150g light muscovado sugar
3 large eggs
½ tsp vanilla extract
Finely grated zest of 1 orange
200g plain flour
¼ tsp salt
¾ tsp baking powder
¾ tsp bicarbonate of soda
½ tsp ground cinnamon
22g grated carrot
50g ground almonds
75g raisins
Frosting:
200g cream cheese
100g icing sugar
Finely grated orange zest
Pomegranate seeds (optional)
Method:
Preheat the oven to 170°C/fan oven 150°C/Gas Mark 3. Grease a 20cm (8in) round cake tin with a little TREX, then line with baking paper. Put the TREX, sugar, eggs, vanilla and orange zest into a large mixing bowl. Sift in the flour, salt, baking powder, bicarbonate of soda and cinnamon. Use a wooden spoon to beat together until smooth and creamy, about one to two minutes. Add the grated carrot, almonds and raisins and fold them in with a large metal spoon. Transfer to the prepared tin and level the surface. Bake on the middle shelf of the oven for one hour, or until a fine skewer inserted into the centre of the cake comes out clean. Cool in the tin for 10 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. To make the frosting, beat the cream cheese and sugar together. Spread over the top of the cake and sprinkle with orange zest and pomegranate seeds.
Easy Triple Chocolate Cake
(Image: Recipe by Aldi)
Prep time: 30 minutes
Cooking time: 15 minutes
Serves 6
Ingredients
2 20cm/8inch sandwich tins - lined
100g Greenvale unsalted butter
100g The Pantry caster sugar
100g The Pantry plain flour
1 block 100g Dairyfine dark chocolate
1 block 100g Dairyfine milk chocolate
2 large eggs, separated
1 284ml carton Cowbelle double cream
1 packet Dairyfine white chocolate buttons
Method
Preheat the oven to 180°C/350°F/Gas Mark 4. Gently melt the butter and dark chocolate in a saucepan. In a bowl beat the egg whites with ½ teaspoon caster sugar and a pinch of salt until they form peaks. In another bowl beat the egg yolks with the sugar until pale, then fold in the flour. Mix in the chocolate mixture, and then fold in the egg whites. Divide this mixture between the two tins and bake for about 10 mins until set. Allow to cool while you make the icing and filling. Put 50ml of the cream in a small bowl. Break up the milk chocolate and add to the cream, gently melt this over a pan of boiling water. Meanwhile whisk the remaining cream and use to sandwich the two cakes together. When the chocolate and cream is melted, spread over the top of the cake, then decorate with the buttons.
Coffee and walnut cake
(Image: Recipe by TREX)
Preparation time: 20 minutes
Cooking time: 20 minutes
Serves 8
Ingredients:
A little TREX for greasing
100g self-raising flour
1 tsp baking powder
100g light muscovado sugar
100g Trex, at room temperature
2 large eggs
1 tbsp instant coffee granules or powder, dissolved in 1 tbsp boiling water
½ tsp vanilla extract
Filling and Frosting:
75g butter, at room temperature
150g golden (or regular) icing sugar
2 tsp instant coffee granules or powder, dissolved in 1 tsp boiling water
25g walnuts, finely chopped
6-8 walnut halves
Method:
U.K. stocks pushed higher on Wednesday, with financials leading the charge north after hawkish signals from the U.S. Federal Reserve's Janet Yellen.
The FTSE 100 index UKX, +0.54% rose 0.4% to 7,298.70, setting it on track for its highest close since Jan. 16. The London benchmark on Tuesday fell for the first time in six sessions, after choppy trading driven by lower-than-expected inflation data and a round of corporate news.
On Wednesday, banks and insurers were in the driving seat after Fed Chairwoman Yellen signaled the U.S. central bank could raise rates sooner rather than later. Higher interest rates tend to benefit the financial sector, as they can charge more for their loans. Coming from the world's largest economy, U.S. interest rates are a driving force for sentiment across other markets.
Among U.K. banks, shares of Standard Chartered PLC STAN, +1.56% gained 1.8%, Barclays PLC BARC, +1.81% BCS, +1.56% added 2%, Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC RBS, +1.83% RBS, +2.37% climbed 1.9%, and Lloyds Banking Group PLC LLOY, +1.80% LYG, +0.30% rose 1.9%.
On Wednesday, Yellen will speak again, when she gives her semiannual testimony before the House Finance Services Committee at 10 a.m. Eastern Time, or 3 p.m. London time.
FTSE 250: The U.K.'s mid cap index, the FTSE 250 MCX, +0.28% , rose 0.1% to 18,810.12, set for a fresh record close. The benchmark has now risen for seven straight sessions, buoyed by economic data showing the British economy is holding up well despite the country's Brexit vote.
Movers: In other sectors, shares of Anglo American PLC AAL, +0.86% put on 0.7%. The move came after its Johannesburg-listed subsidiary Anglo American Platinum Ltd. AMS, -1.51% swung to a profit in 2016, as its restructuring efforts started to bear fruit.
Economic news: The U.K. unemployment rate stayed at 4.8% in the three months to December, remaining at its lowest level since 2005.
Meanwhile, U.K. wage growth slowed to 2.6% from 2.7%. With consumer prices rising 1.8% in January compared with 1.6% in December, the data show inflation is now beginning to eat into wage growth, a sign that British consumers may rein in their spending.
The pound GBPUSD, -0.3449% dropped to $1.2435 after the report, down from $1.2467 late Tuesday in New York.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Isis says it carried out Istanbul nightclub attack
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Private companies given more chances to win NHS work
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Wichita State forward Markis McDuffie entered his name into the NBA draft without signing with an agent, sources told NBC Sports on Tuesday.
It was initially believed that McDuffie would return to Wichita State for his senior season. As a sophomore, McDuffie, a former top 100 recruit, averaged 11.5 points and 5.7 boards, but he played fewer than 20 minutes a night as a junior after missing the first half of the season with a broken foot.
He will be a late-second round pick at best, but is likely to go undrafted if he opts to sign with an agent. He's expected to return.
The Shockers are already staring down the barrel of a rebuilding season. Two players, including starter Austin Reaves, are transferring out of the program while all-american guard Landry Shamet has already made the decision to enter the draft and sign with an agent. As it currently stands, assuming McDuffie returns, just four scholarship players from this year's team will play for Wichita State next season: McDuffie, Samajae Haynes-Jones, Asbjorn Midtgaard and Rod Brown.
FREDERICTON — New Brunswick's famous Miramichi River was once the largest salmon-producing river in North America, but the numbers are dropping at an alarming rate and scientists are not entirely sure why.
Tommi Linnansaari, the new Atlantic Salmon Research chair at the University of New Brunswick, says immediate action is needed to understand what's happening — and to begin to mitigate the losses.
UNB has received $1.3 million in funding for the chair and four research projects to get accurate salmon population numbers and to understand how those numbers are affected by climate change.
Fred Whoriskey of the Canadian Rivers Institute says the Miramichi is now ground zero for research to help to decline stocks around the world.
He says one project will try to boost the number of juveniles in the river system by introducing adults that have been reared in captivity and released into the river system to spawn, and doing this on a scale that's not been done before.
Whoriskey says global warming is happening at a rate faster than the salmon can adapt.
The Canadian Press
Milla Jovovich and film director Paul William Scott Anderson have presented their new movie, Resident Evil: The Final Chapter, in Moscow. Source: Kirill Zykov / Moskva Agency
Soviet-born Hollywood star Milla Jovovich and her husband, U.S. film director Paul William Scott Anderson have presented their new movie, Resident Evil: The Final Chapter, in Moscow.
During a press conference, Jovovich was asked if there was anything that could inspire her to stay in Russia. Milla, who speaks Russian quite well, said as a joke: "Pelmeni, of course, there is nothing like pelmeni anywhere else." She added that she would like to come to the country "for several months to see more of Russia."
The actress elaborated that she always came only for a few days. "I would like to come with my daughters for a couple of months to see the real Russia, not only Moscow, but St. Petersburg too, for instance," Jovovich said.
Jovovich could play ‘the Bear'
Reporters also asked Jovovich what she thought of the Russian film industry.
"After having a second child, I haven't watched many movies, mostly cartoons. If I have a week to spare, I just try to sit back and relax."
At the same time, both she and her husband said they loved Russian cinema, particularly mentioning the Masha and the Bear and the Luntik cartoon series.
When asked, what Russian heroine she would like to play, she once again joked, mentioning the Masha and the Bear cartoon, she said that she could actually play the Bear.
Advice for Russian actors When requested to give some advice to Russian actors, Jovovich said that "it is necessary to work, and work hard, my friends."
"There is no other way. Russian actors are on another level, ours work much harder and take the profession more seriously," she added.
Resident Evil
The final film of the Resident Evil series picks up immediately from where the previous movie series left off, the press release says. The movie was released in Russia on Feb. 10. The first film of the series, based on a Japanese video game, premiered in 2002. The film's protagonist is Alice, a girl who has lost her memory and ended up finding herself in a secret laboratory.
Source: TASS
Milwaukee Brewers' Lorenzo Cain 6) celebrates as the crosses the plate after hitting a solo home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Kansas City, Mo.
KETTERING, Ohio (WDTN) – The Montgomery County Coroner ruled the victim's death from the Kettering house explosion as an accident.
The victim inside the Kettering house on North Claridge Drive was 58-year-old Darlene Baumgardener when it exploded Tuesday, December 5.
The coroner said the victim died of multiple blunt force trauma injuries and thermal injuries in which her death was ruled an accident.
Officers said Baumgardener was the only person in the house at the time of the explosion
READ MORE: Coroner identifies woman from Kettering house explosion
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
St. John's entered Saturday sitting at 10-13 on the season, winless in all 11 Big East games that they have played this season.
The Johnnies will still be winless in the Big East on Super Bowl Sunday, but they added a nice little consolation prize into the mix, as they rode 33 points from Shamorie Ponds to an 81-77 win over No. 4 Duke in Madison Square Garden.
Ponds was the best player on the floor on Saturday, finishing with seven boards, four steals and three assists to go along with those 33 points. He lit up whoever was tasked with trying to guard him and made a pair of massive buckets down the stretch — a layup with just over a minute left to answer Duke after the Blue Devils re-took the lead, and a three on the ensuing possession to put the Johnnies up 77-73 with just over 30 seconds left.
“They made us look bad but then we made ourselves look bad. We didn't play basketball the first 32 minutes worthy of our program,” Mike Krzyzewski said after the game. “It was disgusting, really.”
He is a very, very good player and scorer. He doesn't get much national attention because the Johnnies haven't won this year, but it is not all that shocking to see Ponds go crazy in Madison Square Garden while carrying St. John's to a big win over a good team.
And it's also not all that surprising to see a lead guard slice up Duke's defense. We've come to expect it at this point, right? Duke doesn't guard, particularly dynamic, play-making ball-handlers.
Hell, I don't even think it would be right to hammer Duke for losing this game. The fact of the matter is that St. John's has the talent to be in the mix as an NCAA tournament team. They have been the most disappointing team in the Big East this season and one of the more disappointing teams in the counter. If the Johnnies were winning at the rate that they should be winning, this would just be another case of Duke losing a road game to an OK team that matched up well with them.
But none of that changes the fact that this Duke team just doesn't seem to fit.
Grayson Allen was a total no-show again. He finished with just seven points on 1-for-7 shooting despite playing all 40 minutes. The only field goal he made came with less than a minute left, and if it wasn't for two more threes that he missed on the final two possessions, he would have left the Garden having shot the ball just four times.
That said, I can appreciate what Allen is trying to do.
He's trying to play a role. He's trying to do what Quinn Cook did for the 2015 title-winning team. He's trying to be the guy that sacrifices his numbers for the sake of winning. The problem is that the rest of these pieces just do not seem to fit.
Take Gary Trent Jr., for example. He's really come on strong shooting the ball in ACC play, but he's been such a liability on the defensive end of the floor, whether Duke is in zone or in man. Wendell Carter might be an all-american, but he essentially plays the same spot on the floor as Bagley, and hes not as good as Bagley is. Then there is Trevon Duval. No one respects his ability to shoot, which makes it that much easier to throw bodies at Duke's bigs.
And then there is the issue of what happens when Bagley is off the floor. On Saturday, Duke's offense went directly into the toilet. They were already the majority of the way through a slow start to the second half when Bagley picked up his fourth foul, but as soon as he went to the bench, Duke's offense looked awful. I'm not sure they had one quality possession during the five or so minutes he was on the bench.
All told, the Johnnies used a 27-11 surge to open the second half and build a 59-50 lead.
“The basketball gods understand, in most cases, who should win,” Coach K said. “We got what we deserved.”
Oh, and Bagley?
He sat for seven minutes midway through the second half, the stretch when Duke has made a habit of digging themselves out of the holes that they create.
And to me, that right there is the most important part of this game.
Duke once again dug themselves a hole. Then Bagley got into foul trouble, and the Blue Devils didn't have the horses to dig themselves back out.
The truth is, other than the game against Michigan State on the fifth day of the season, Duke has yet to really put in a complete performance against a team that looks like they can get to the second weekend of the NCAA tournament. They needed to come storming back against Texas, and Florida, and Indiana. They rallied late against Miami and even trailed Virginia by 10 points at the half. Their best performance against a good team came at home against Florida State when they gave up 93 points.
And all of those comebacks more or less have one thing in common: Marvin Bagley III taking over.
It really isn't hard to frame Duke's season like this: They are a bad defensive team with incohesive talent that would be 15-8 on the season if Bagley wasn't a super-human.
Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Galvanize, a 21st-century school for entrepreneurs, engineers, and data scientists, are going to be holding Alexa Skills development workshops to teach developers, designers, and technology buffs how to build skills for Amazon Alexa, the operating system for the company's smart speaker Echo.
Amazon's Echo has 70.6 percent of the emerging voice-controlled speaker market compared to Google's 23.8 percent, this according to eMarketer. With such a large share of the market, it means users and businesses will want to integrate the technology to improve their operations. And Amazon is partnering with Galvanize to give small developers the skill sets they will need to make this possible.
What Is an Alexa Skill?
Skills are essentially Alexa‘s voice activated version of an app. And they have many different applications from helping you check your credit balance or make payments to improving your productivity. The Alexa Skills Kit is the tool box designers, developers and brands used to build more skills to engage with their customers, employees, friends and family. The skills kit has self-service APIs, tools, documentation, and code samples to easily and quickly create new skills for Alexa.
Alexa Skills Development Workshops
Galvanize will bring the Alexa skills development workshops to seven locations across the US in 2017 beginning in late August. The instructors at Galvanize have been trained by Amazon Alexa experts so they can teach the latest development to build for voice with Alexa.
You will learn Amazon's Alexa Skills Kit, AWS Lambda (part of Amazon Web Services), and the Node.js backend JavaScript framework.
Here are the locations where these workshops are being held:
Aug. 26: Phoenix, Arizona
Phoenix, Arizona Aug. 28: Denver, Colorado
Denver, Colorado Aug. 29: New York, New York, and Seattle, Washington
New York, New York, and Seattle, Washington Aug. 30: Austin, Texas, and San Francisco, California
Austin, Texas, and San Francisco, California Aug. 31: Boulder, Colorado
What Can You Build?
Once you have been certified, your skill set gets published in the Alexa Skills Store, where millions of potential customers can seek your services. You will be able to build a voice user interface (VUI) to create an Alexa skill.
Small businesses are using Alexa to order supplies, set reminders, manage to-do-lists, control office equipment and much, much more. But small businesses can also create skills to provide potential customers with certain services, much like business apps created for a mobile device. There are currently more than 15,000 skills, and of course there is a skill that lets you find the best ones, Skill Finder.
Whether you are a freelance developer, a small business owner or someone looking to supplement their income, creation of new skills can be a good business model.
Small Businesses Using Alexa
A great skill example is the one created for Domino's Pizza. With this skill, you can order a pizza and have Alexa update you on the status of the delivery.
Small restaurant owners can create the same type of skill to update on deliveries, reservations, store times and more. The possibilities are almost limitless.
Cost
Amazon and Galvanize are making the workshops available for free. So the only thing you will have to invest is your time and the willingness to learn something with a huge upside. The half-day session doesn't require any development experience, so anyone can attend.
More workshops will be held throughout the remainder of 2017. Learn more here.
1:36 Police comment on officer involved shooting in North Miami Beach Pause
2:10 Palm Beach residents react to President-elect Trump
1:08 A big day for Panthers' Vincent Trocheck
1:34 5 Cubans turn themselves in at U.S.-Mexico border
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
By Abby Hassler
Stevie Nicks debuted a new ballad “Your Hand I Will Never Let Go” today (June 14). The track is featured in the Naomi Wats-drama, The Book of Henry, which will hit theaters this Friday (June 16).
Related: Lana Del Rey Taps Stevie Nicks for New Track: Report
Written by Thomas Barlett and Ryan Miller, Nicks' song will fall alongside original music composed by Michael Giacchino on the film's soundtrack.
“Drowned in thought and caught in a stare/ Talking to ghosts who were not there,” Nicks sings. “Then you took my hand/ Transformation began/ Commotion where it once was still/ Fireworks explode/ Front row tickets to the show/ This hand I will never let it go.”
Listen to “Your Hand I Will Never Let It Go” below.
SAN CARLOS, CA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. ( NASDAQ : LBIO), a biotechnology company developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor-infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) technology, highlighted today that a publication in the journal Science provided new translational data from a clinical trial of TIL therapy for the treatment of advanced metastatic cervical cancer conducted at the Surgery Branch of the National Cancer Institute (NCI). This trial has been supported in part by Lion under a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA) with Dr. Steven Rosenberg, Chief of the Surgery Branch, National Cancer Institute (NCI), National Institutes of Health.
"Based on the encouraging data we have seen thus far for TIL therapy in this indication, we have initiated a Phase 2 trial of Lion's TIL therapy in metastatic cervical cancer to investigate the responses seen in the NCI trial in a larger number of cervical cancer patients. However, patient selection in our ongoing Phase 2 trial is not limited by the presence of HPV, as the study is designed to allow a broader patient population to be enrolled," said Maria Fardis, PhD, MBA, President and Chief Executive Officer of Lion Biotechnologies.
Data from the NCI clinical trial was previously presented at the 2014 meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting. These data indicated that a single infusion of TIL therapy generated two complete and durable remissions, ongoing at 15 and 22 months at the time of presentation. A third patient was reported to have achieved a partial three-month response with a 39% reduction in tumor volume.
The new translational study published in Science further evaluated the two patients with ongoing complete remissions. These data demonstrated that the antitumor activity of these patients' TIL targeted both viral and non-viral tumor antigens.
Dr. Christian Hinrichs, the lead investigator of the trial at NCI's Center for Cancer Research (CCR) said, "Our research shows the importance of not only viral but also non-viral antigens in immunotherapy for cervical cancer. These findings have important implications for how we design and study new treatments for this disease."
About Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.
Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of cancer immunotherapy products for the treatment of various cancers. The Company's lead product candidate is an adoptive cell therapy using tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL) for the treatment of patients with refractory metastatic melanoma. TIL therapy is also being evaluated in clinical trials at the National Cancer Institute, MD Anderson and Moffitt Cancer Center. For more information, please visit http://www.lionbio.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains certain forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the ability of Lion Biotechnologies ("the Company") to successfully complete its Phase 2 trial of TIL therapy in metastatic cervical cancer, and the other risks described in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation in its most recently filed quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statements that the Company makes in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. Except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Nation's leading fast-casual, build-your-own-pizza concept continues to grow in Orlando with third area location
WINTER PARK, FL--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Today Blaze Fast-Fire'd Pizza, the nation's leading fast-casual pizza concept, opens its doors in Winter Park at 501 N. Orlando Ave today. Tomorrow, the new restaurant located at the Corner of Lee Rd. and Orlando Ave. (behind Wawa) is offering free pizza all day from 11:00 am to 9:00 pm. Anyone who follows Blaze Pizza on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or Snapchat will get a free 11-inch, build-your-own pizza with any toppings.
Blaze Pizza is a modern day "pizza joint" that has been cultivating fanatics since it opened its first location in 2012. Each restaurant features an interactive open-kitchen format that allows guests to customize one of the menu's signature pizzas or create their own, choosing from a wide selection of carefully sourced, high-quality ingredients -- all for around $8. The generously-sized personal pizzas are then sent to a blazing hot open-flame oven -- the centerpiece of the restaurant -- where dedicated pizzasmiths ensure that the thin-crust pies are fast-fire'd and ready to eat in just 180 seconds.
The concept, known for its custom-built pizzas, freshly made salads, blood orange lemonade and s'more pies, has eleven other locations in the Sunshine State. The new Winter Park location marks the third Blaze Pizza in the Orlando area including one at Disney Springs and another near the University of Central Florida at 4100 N. Alafaya Trail.
"When we opened our first Orlando location in 2015, we received so much positive feedback from guests looking for a high-quality, fast and affordable pizza option," said Dennis Sherer, Operating Partner for Blaze Pizza in Orlando. "Blaze Pizza is a one-of-a-kind dining experience that puts a completely new spin on one of America's favorite foods. That's why we couldn't be more excited to be expanding in the area."
Blaze Pizza's authenticity, coupled with its focus on the happiness and satisfaction of every individual guest and team member, has been fundamental to the concept's popularity and expansion in Florida and beyond.
Each restaurant makes its own dough from scratch, using a recipe developed by critically-acclaimed Executive Chef Bradford Kent (the "Pizza Whisperer"), which requires a 24-hour fermentation period to produce his signature light-as-air, crisp crust. For pizza fans with specific dietary needs, Blaze Pizza offers gluten-free dough and vegan cheese.
The Winter Park location, driven by the brand's commitment to "Intelligent Choices for Our Pizzas, People & Planet," was constructed with recycled and sustainable materials, uses eco-friendly packaging and features energy-efficient LED lighting. The new 3,100 square foot restaurant will include over 90 seats inside with an additional 25 seats on an outdoor patio. Award-winning design architect Ana Henton has added several special touches to the restaurant, including an oversized wall mural custom-designed to suit the space.
Blaze Pizza in Orlando is operated by the Millennial Restaurant Group (MRG), which continues to develop the concept throughout Kentucky, Tennessee and areas of Florida. The partnership consists of James Patterson Sr., Jim Patterson II, Ulysses (Junior) Bridgeman, Wayne Albritton and Collins Cogan.
The Millennial Restaurant Group looks forward to growing strong roots within the community. To that end, the company has developed a turn-key in-restaurant fundraiser program that returns 20 percent of an event's proceeds back to local organizations. Blaze Pizza will partner with local schools, sports clubs and other groups to host fundraising events at the new restaurant. For more information, please visit www.blazepizza.com/fundraising.
About Blaze Pizza
The first Blaze Pizza® restaurant opened on Aug. 6, 2012, in Irvine, Calif., and quickly gained attention for its chef-driven recipes, thoughtful interior design and a service culture that celebrates individuality. Now ranked as the leading fast-casual pizza chain in the Technomic Top 500 Chain Restaurant Report, Blaze Pizza is building momentum and developing a cult-like following as it expands across the country. The company currently operates 188 restaurants in 32 states and Canada, including the major metropolitan areas of Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, San Francisco, Toronto, Dallas, Las Vegas and Boston. Founded by Elise and Rick Wetzel (co-founder of Wetzel's Pretzels), the concept is backed by investors including LeBron James, Maria Shriver, Patrick Schwarzenegger, Boston Red Sox co-owner Tom Werner and movie producer John Davis. For more information, please visit blazepizza.com and facebook.com/blazepizza or click here to view a company video.
Blaze Pizza®, Fast-Fire'd®, the horizontal logo design, and the proprietary names "Pizzasmith", "Intelligent Choices for Our Pizzas, People & Planet" and related trademarks are the property of Blaze Pizza LLC.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
SUMMARY: A stalled front will keep the showers and storms around for the next few days
THIS MORNING: Mostly cloudy with a few showers or a storm. Temperatures are really warm and muggy. There are some areas of patchy fog, especially around the highway 70 corridors.
THIS AFTERNOON: Mostly cloudy with a few peaks of sun. Shower and storms are likely during the afternoon and first half of the evening. Rain could be heavy at times. Highs will be in the 80s. Winds are out of the south at 5 to 10 mph.
TONIGHT: Skies stay mostly cloudy with a few passing showers or a storm. Temperatures stay warm and humid, in the mid to upper 70s.
A LOOK AHEAD: Showers and storm likely into Tuesday and Wednesday then rain chances back off for the latter half of the week. Highs will be in the 80s with lows in the 70s.
TROPICS: Tropical Storm Gert along with another disturbance are out in the open Atlantic. Click here for your tropical update.
THANK YOU FOR TRUSTING WNCT 9 FIRST ALERT WEATHER! Weather changes quickly. Your full team of First Alert meteorologists- Jerry Jackson, Dontae Jones, Pierce Legeion, Megan Lindsey and David Sawyer- will keep you updated.
To follow us “on the go”, check out these links:
– Follow WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Twitter by CLICKING HERE.
– Connect with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather and join a growing network of friends with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Facebook by CLICKING HERE.
– Download our WNCT 9 First Alert Weather app, available for free in the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store. You can see First Alert VIPIR 9, detailed forecasts, weather maps, and severe weather alerts.
Greenville, NC Hourly Forecast 76 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 20% 77 ° F precip: 20% 77 ° F precip: 20% 79 ° F precip: 20% 81 ° F precip: 40% 83 ° F precip: 50% 85 ° F precip: 60% 85 ° F precip: 50% 86 ° F precip: 50% 84 ° F precip: 60% 84 ° F precip: 60% 83 ° F precip: 50% 81 ° F precip: 20% 79 ° F precip: 20% 78 ° F precip: 20% 77 ° F precip: 20% 77 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 30% 76 ° F precip: 20% 75 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 20% 78 ° F precip: 50% 80 ° F precip: 50% 82 ° F precip: 40% 85 ° F precip: 20% 87 ° F precip: 50% 86 ° F precip: 80% 86 ° F precip: 70% 86 ° F precip: 60% 86 ° F precip: 60% 85 ° F precip: 60% 82 ° F precip: 40% 80 ° F precip: 20% 79 ° F precip: 40% 78 ° F precip: 20% 77 ° F precip: 10% 77 ° F precip: 40% 76 ° F precip: 40% 76 ° F precip: 40% 75 ° F precip: 10% 75 ° F precip: 10% 75 ° F precip: 10% 75 ° F precip: 10% Inland Forecast Coastal Forecast Day Planner Hourly Forecast
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
LIU Brooklyn will hire former UMass head coach Derek Kellogg to be its next head coach, according to a report from ESPN.com's Jeff Goodman.
Kellogg spent the past nine seasons as the head coach of the Minutemen as he made one NCAA tournament appearance and two trips to the NIT. After a third consecutive season without making a postseason appearance, UMass moved on from Kellogg earlier this offseason.
The Blackbirds are coming off of a very solid 20-12 season and second-place finish in the NEC but they opted to move on from former head coach Jack Perri.
A native of Springfield, Massachusetts, Kellogg has recruited both the Northeast and nationally at a very high level but that didn't always translate to on-court success at UMass. It'll be intriguing to see what kind of talent Kellogg can get into LIU Brooklyn as he's got a fertile recruiting ground to work with.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
The field is set for the June election in Nevada County. There are four candidates for two seats on the Nevada City City Council, three opponents to be the next Sheriff and Clerk Recorder, and one competitive race in a Supervisor district. The final deadline for candidates to file was late last week in races where no incumbent was running. Registrar of Voters Sandy Sjoberg says the next step is to put the Voter Information Pamphlet together…
Listen to Sandy Sjoberg 1
There will be three measures on the ballot, although no one will vote for all three of them. Measure D is a bond measure in the Grass Valley School District, Measure E would raise the sales tax in Grass Valley from a half-cent to a full penny, and Measure F would be a cannabis tax in Nevada City. Several offices, like County Assessor, Auditor-Controller, and Tax Collector have incumbents running unopposed, and Sue Hoek will be unchallenged to replace the retiring Hank Weston on the Board of Supervisors. Sjoberg says with a vote-by-mail only election this time, there are some key dates coming up…
Listen to Sandy Sjoberg 2
The county has also just released the locations for the vote centers that will be open four days before the election. There will be two in Grass Valley, one in Nevada City, one in Penn Valley, one in South County, and one in Truckee. There will also be several drop-off locations for you to leave your ballot, if it's too late to mail it in. Election Day is June 5.
–gf
Oakland Raiders coach Jon Gruden, center left, talks with quarterback Derek Carr 4) and offensive players at the NFL football team's facility in Alameda, Calif., Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
A Chinese foreign ministry's spokesperson Tuesday rejected some media reports that China harbours military intentions by constructing Hambantota Port in Sri Lanka.
“The relevant reports, which are a gross distortion of facts, are either irresponsible or engineered by people with ulterior motives,” Lu Kang commented while responding to a question during his media briefing held in Beijing.
The spokesperson hoped that the relevant media would not be so obsessed with fake news as the construction of the Hambantota port represented the aspiration of the successive Sri Lankan governments and its people.
He said China encouraged the relevant Chinese enterprises to conduct cooperation on that project with Sri Lanka in accordance with the business principles and on the basis of equality and mutual benefit.
The Chinese financial institutions, in light of the needs of the Sri Lankan side, provided support for it to bridge the financing gap, he added.
Lu Kang said with the advancement of the project, China adjusted the assets allocation against all odds according to the aspiration of the Sri Lankan side. “These moves are all conducive to our commercial cooperation.”
He said as to the people, who fabricated the lie of the so-called “debt trap”, if they are unable to offer tangible assistance to the developing countries, they can at least try to put the sincere cooperation between other countries in perspective.
“I can tell these people that China and Sri Lanka will stay committed to advancing the cooperation on the project of the Hambantota Port in a bid to make Sri Lanka the logistics hub of the Indian Ocean,” he said and added, it will not only fuel the economic growth of Sri Lanka but also contribute to regional connectivity as well as the common prosperity of the regional countries.
Lu made the remarks after a New York Times story on June 25 said China got Sri Lanka to “cough up” Hambantota Port by using “a debt trap”.
The Chinese-built Hambantota Port is a deepwater facility in Hambantota district of Sri Lanka's Southern province.
Last July, China Merchants Port Holdings and the Sri Lanka Ports Authority signed an agreement valid for 99 years giving China a 70 percent stake in two joint ventures that will take charge of the port's commercial and administrative management operations.
Merck & Co. Inc. Chief Executive Kenneth Frazier said Monday that he will leave a presidential manufacturing advisory council, tying that decision both to his role “as CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience,” two days after deadly violence at a white-supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Va.
“Our country's strength stems from its diversity and the contributions made by men and women of different faiths, races, sexual orientations and political beliefs. America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people area created equal,” Frazier said in a statement, adding: “I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
President Donald Trump, whose immediate response to Charlottesville was widely condemned for not specifically censuring white supremacists, attacked Frazier — one of the few black CEOs of a major U.S. company and the only black member of the president's manufacturing-jobs panel — nearly immediately afterward.
“Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma MRK, +0.41% has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!” the president tweeted less than an hour after the release of Frazier's statement.
Later Monday morning, the president issued a more explicit statement condemning racism and saying that “those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.”
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
Other corporate executives have left White House councils in response to previous presidential actions, including Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co. CEO Robert Iger, but the president did not attack either after their announcements.
Merck voluntarily released information about its U.S. drug-pricing practices earlier this year. Several drugmakers have also done so, though they remain the exception, not the rule.
Read: Merck will release average drug-price increases to ‘provide greater transparency'
TFW youre getting resoundly ridiculed for being too soft on white supremacists so you take a gratuitous slap at a black man for good measure https://t.co/eKCcKCFrV7 — Tim Miller (@Timodc) August 14, 2017
Violence broke out in the historic college town of Charlottesville after white nationalists marched there Friday night in advance of a planned Saturday rally against the city's decision to take down a Confederate general's statue and counterprotesters gathered in response.
When a car plowed into another vehicle near a group of counterprotesters on Saturday, one person was killed and nearly 20 were injured. According to the New York Times, at least 34 people were injured in total that day.
“We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides — on many sides,” President Trump said afterward.
Democrats and Republicans criticized the president at the time for not singling out the white supremacists and not describing the attack as domestic terrorism.
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc. ALNY, +1.74% CEO John Maraganore and privately-held Yumanity Therapeutics CEO Tony Coles both said on Monday that they supported Merck's Frazier.
Frazier took a principled stance and showed strong leadership, Coles said, adding, “these times try men's souls. We need to all speak plainly vs. wrong.”
Box CEO Aaron Levie also chimed in a “bravo” to Frazier's statement.
General Electric Chairman Jeff Immelt plans to stay on the president's manufacturing council, according to a company statement, because “it is important for GE to participate in the discussion on how to drive growth and productivity in the U.S.”
“GE has no tolerance for hate, bigotry or racism, and we strongly condemn the violent extremism in Charlottesville over the weekend,” the statement said.
We've seen the terror of white supremacy & racist violence before. It's a moral issue - an affront to America. We must all stand against it — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) August 14, 2017
Other companies said recent events in Charlottesville would spur corporate changes.
GoDaddy Inc. said that it will no longer host the neo-Nazi website the Daily Stormer, “as they have violated our terms of service.” The move appeared to be in response to a hateful Daily Stormer post about the woman who was killed in Charlottesville.
Cloud-communications platform Twilio will add “an explicit prohibition of hate speech” to its acceptable-use policy, CEO Jeff Lawson said Sunday, adding that it “hope[d] other tech [companies] do the same.”
See: GoDaddy kicks off neo-Nazi site for violating terms of service
Tesla's Musk left the president's strategic and policy forum and the manufacturing jobs initiative in June after the president pulled the U.S. out of the Paris climate accord.
Disney's Iger quit the president's advisory council, describing his decision as “a matter of principle.”
Merck shares were up 0.6% in light afternoon trade. Shares have surged 6.6% in 2017, compared with a 10.2% rise in the S&P 500 SPX, +0.94% .
White House drops insistence on two-state solution
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Battle against free digital content takes gloss off magazines
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Plans to build two new gas stations on one of Cape Coral's busiest roads are creating mixed feelings for neighbors surrounding the sites.
The first property is located on Veterans Parkway and Country Club Boulevard, just before the Midpoint Bridge heading into Fort Myers.
This spot is where developers are planning to construct a Circle K gas station.
The second property is just a mile down the road, on Santa Barbara Boulevard and Veterans Parkway where an old fire station sits. This could become a big box store with a gas station.
Some neighbors are welcoming the new development as Cape Coral grows.
"Growth was gonna equal more traffic and more cars that need gas," said Missy Lastra, who lives in the neighborhood behind where the Circle K gas station will be.
Others aren't too keen on the idea of having two more fuel stations on the main road – especially Kenneth Jacobus, who can see the station site from his front door.
"It's gonna be extra traffic and you don't know too with the gas stations, there a lot of times people hang out by gas stations; people you don't want to be hanging in your neighborhoods," said Kenneth Jacobus.
The city said it benefits from having new properties on the tax rolls because it means more tax revenue. Plus, the development would mean the potential for some new jobs.
The property owners for the land on Country Club have not yet applied for a building permit. Meanwhile, the developers on Santa Barbara are working to install a new traffic signal that would allow access to the new site and the plaza across the street.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
After months of speculation, Rob Gronkowski isn't quite ready to call it a career.
The Patriots tight end announced Tuesday on Instagram that he will return for the 2018 NFL season after meeting with head coach Bill Belichick.
He finished the Instagram post off in the most Gronk fashion.
Gronk wrote:
I met with coach today and informed him I will be back for the 2018 season with the Pats. I have been working out, staying in shape and feel great. Looking forward to another championship run.
#bandsamakeherdance
That hashtag.
The shoutout to Juicy J's track has been a popular hashtag for Gronkowski's Instagram posts and tweets. So, of course it would be included in a serious announcement because, Gronk.
With the announcement, Patriots fans will certainly embrace the hashtag. They already have.
Gronk announces that he's returning to the Patriots, and ends his Instagram post with #BandsAMakeHerDance. Gronk always gonna Gronk. 😂 — Justin Spears (@JustinESports) April 24, 2018
@RobGronkowski announced the best news ever with the most perfect hashtag ever. 😂👊🏼👊🏼👀 Never stop being you, Gronk. We love it. #GOPATS #bandsamakeherdance #YUP pic.twitter.com/oLIub6ZrQ8 — The Jennifer Effect (@JenniferEffect) April 24, 2018
Gronkowski has two seasons remaining on his contract with the Patriots.
Burma denied on Friday that there were mass graves in a village in troubled Rakhine State, where a military crackdown on insurgents has triggered the flight of nearly 690,000 minority Rohingya Muslims to neighbouring Bangladesh.
The Associated Press has reported it had confirmed the existence of more than five previously unreported mass graves in the village of Gu Dar Pyin, through interviews with survivors in refugee camps in Bangladesh and through time-stamped cellphone videos.
The Burmese government's Information Committee, part of the office of civilian leader Aung San Suu Kyi, said in a statement on its Facebook page that local authorities and security officials formed a “ground team” that investigated the report.
“The ground team went to the locations that were mentioned in the AP news story as where the bodies were buried and found out that it is not true,” the statement said.
“Besides, they met with local elders and villagers and asked whether there were mass killings or not and the villagers told them that there were none.”
The statement said, however, that 19 “terrorists” had been killed when they attacked security forces in the village in late August and that their bodies had been “properly buried”.
Two Rohingya residents, who were still in the village and spoke to Reuters by telephone, disputed the government's statement and said that there were mass graves there. They said senior military officers visited the area on Friday, took photographs and held a meeting with the villagers.
The residents, who declined to be identified for fear of reprisal, were speaking by telephone to a Reuters reporter at the Balukhali refugee camp in Bangladesh. The reporter was put in touch with them by former residents who have fled Rakhine.
One resident said his father attended the meeting, where officers asked how many people had been killed in the violence, who burned their houses and whether there were mass graves there.
“The villagers were frightened and said they didn't know how many had died or who had burned their houses but said, yes, there are mass graves here,” the resident said.
Another resident of the village said three senior military officials arrived late in the morning, took pictures of a mass grave beside his house and then called a meeting at the school.
“The senior officials are gone now but a large group of military men stayed behind and the villagers are scared,” the resident said.
Suu Kyi's spokesman referred requests for comment on the villagers' description of events to the Rakhine state government. A spokesman from the state government was not immediately available. The military said it had no immediate comment.
The AP's Director of Media Relations Lauren Easton said the agency stood by its reporting.
Reporters are not allowed access to the area, in the north of Rakhine State. The army launched a sweeping counteroffensive there in response to Rohingya militant attacks on 25 August.
The United Nations has condemned the army's campaign as ethnic cleansing. Burma denies that, saying its forces were carrying out legitimate counterinsurgency operations.
The military has acknowledged that Buddhist villagers and soldiers killed 10 people it described as captured Muslim terrorists and buried them in a grave in the village of Inn Din in early September. It has said action will be taken against those responsible.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Kq2
Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating President Donald Trump for obstruction of justice, The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening.
Mueller is interviewing as early as this week three top intelligence officials as part of the probe, the Post reported, citing "five people briefed on the requests."
It is the most significant sign that Mueller's investigation is extending beyond questions of Russian interference in the 2016 election.
The news came the same week as Trump friend Chris Ruddy floated the possibility that Trump would fire Mueller, who was appointed to head up the investigation after Trump fired Comey.
Mark Corallo, a spokesman for Trump's private attorney, Marc Kasowitz, immediately condemned the Post report.
"The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal," Corallo told CNN.
The NSA said in a statement that the "NSA will fully cooperate with the special counsel. We are not in a position to comment further."
RELATED: Deputy AG Rosenstein says Comey firing could be part of special counsel's probe
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller, hinted broadly that the special counsel investigation could be looking at Trump during a House committee hearing on Tuesday. When asked about a letter he wrote recommending firing former FBI Director James Comey, Rosenstein said that Mueller could be looking into the decision-making process for the firing -- and he was therefore "not at liberty to talk about that now."
Mueller has been tasked with leading the executive branch's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and any potential collusion between Russia and Trump associates.
Mueller met with Sens. Richard Burr and Mark Warner, the Republican and Democratic leadership of the Senate intelligence committee Wednesday.
RELATED: First on CNN: Mueller meets with Senate Russia investigators
Comey testified before the Senate intelligence committee last week and confirmed that he gave Mueller the memos he wrote detailing his interactions with Trump ahead of his firing. In one memo, Comey said Trump tried to direct him to drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Comey said he believed Mueller would look into Trump for obstruction of justice.
"I don't think it's for me to say whether the conversation I had with the president was an effort to obstruct," Comey said. "I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning, but that's a conclusion I'm sure the special counsel will work towards, to try and understand what the intention was there, and whether that's an offense."
This story is breaking and will be updated.
Bernie Madoff is an inscrutable, diabolical figure whose Ponzi scheme, exposed in 2008 as the biggest fraud in US history, has yielded not one, but two, high-profile television projects: The...
A woman is in custody after police say she left a juvenile in a cold vehicle for over two hours while she played bingo on the day of snowfall in the Baton Rouge area.
Officers with Baker Police Department arrested 53-year-old Leslie Domengeaux on charges of improper supervision and child endangerment after a male juvenile was discovered inside of a grey GMC pickup truck parked in front of Baker Bingo Hall.
According to the probable cause report, on December 8 around 4:48 p.m., officers received an anonymous call stating the truck had been in the same spot for 4 hours with a male child in it the entire time. It is worth noting this was also the day the Baton Rouge area experienced one of the biggest snow events in its history receiving 3.5" inches of snow.
Upon arrival, the responding officer found the child in the passenger seat of the truck wearing a t-shirt and pajama pants. The officer also noticed the child was not wearing a jacket and the truck's engine was not running, while the outside temperature was about 35 degrees, police say.
Officers say they were able to get the child's attention to which he later opened the door. When asked where his parents were, the child was non-verbal in his responses but was able to look and point towards the Baker Bingo Hall, police say.
When Domengeaux walked outside of the bingo hall she told police the child was under her supervision. She told officers she had only been inside for 20 minutes, but multiple eyewitnesses confirmed she was inside for at least two hours.
Officers later released the child to a responsible party. It was then when officers learned the non-verbal child suffers from autism.
Domengeaux was transported to East Baton Rouge Parish Prison. She has since bonded out.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Itafos (TSX VENTURE:IFOS) is pleased to announce that it has closed the previously announced non-brokered private placement with Stonegate Agricom Ltd. ("Stonegate") pursuant to which Itafos subscribed for an aggregate of 47,500,000 common shares of Stonegate (the "Stonegate PP Shares") at a price of C$0.02 per Stonegate PP Share for an aggregate subscription amount of C$950,000.
About Itafos
Itafos (TSX VENTURE:IFOS) is focused on becoming a significant integrated producer of phosphate based fertilizers and related products. Itafos has an experienced team with significant experience in the business of fertilizer operations, management, marketing and finance. Itafos owns and operates the Itafos-Arraias SSP Operations, which consists of an integrated fertilizer producing facility comprised of a phosphate mine, a mill, a beneficiation plant, a sulphuric acid plant, an SSP plant and a granulation plant and related infrastructure located in central Brazil. Itafos' exploration portfolio includes a number of additional projects in Brazil, including the Santana Project, a high-grade phosphate deposit located in close proximity to the largest fertilizer market of Mato Grosso State and animal feed market of Pará State, and the Araxá Project, a high-grade rare earth elements, niobium and phosphate deposit located in close proximity to two operating mines, therefore benefiting from existing local infrastructure. In addition, Itafos owns an approximate 31.3% interest in GB Minerals Ltd. which owns the Farim Project, a high-grade phosphate deposit located in Guinea Bissau and an approximate 35.4% interest in Stonegate Agricom Ltd. which owns the Paris Hills Project, a high-grade phosphate deposit located in Idaho, United States and the Mantaro Project, a high-grade phosphate deposit located in Peru.
Neither the TSXV nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSXV) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Uber halts self-driving car tests
The death of a woman in Tempe, Arizona, is set to reawaken the debate over the safety of autonomous vehicles.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
More Americans are dying from colon cancer at younger ages, and researchers are not sure why.
New statistics from the American Cancer Society show death rates from colon cancer have been increasing steadily among people under 54 since 2004.
Katie Rich poses with husband Will and their three children, Quint, Madeline, and newborn, Brady in August 2012. She was diagnosed with colon cancer 8 weeks later. Courtesy of Katie Rich
The effect is only seen in whites. Death rates are falling among blacks, another finding that confounds doctors.
“This increase in incidence is real. And it's scary, because we don't know what's causing it,” said Rebecca Siegel of the American Cancer Society, who led the study team.
"The increase was confined to white individuals, among whom mortality rates increased by 1.4 percent annually," the team wrote.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Colon Cancer Deaths Rising for Young, White Americans 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Earlier this year, the American Cancer Society reported a puzzling rise in colon cancer rates among people born in 1990 or later. Now they're showing an increase in death rates, too – which means that an increased emphasis on colonoscopy is not simply turning up more cases of cancer that otherwise people may not have even noticed.
Related: Colorectal Cancer Rates Soar in Young People
“It's not just more colonoscopy. We're having more disease for some reason that we don't understand,” Siegel said.
Colorectal cancer is the third most commonly diagnosed cancer in Americans. Colon cancer will be diagnosed in more than 95,000 people this year and nearly 40,000 will be diagnosed with rectal cancer. The two cancers will kill more than 50,000 people this year, making colorectal cancer the second leading cause of cancer death in the U.S.
“This increase in incidence is real. And it's scary, because we don't know what's causing it.”
The look at data going back 40 years or more shows that death rates from colorectal cancer have fallen since 1970 in African-Americans aged 20 to 54, but that they've risen among whites aged 30 to 54.
That's puzzling, since obesity and diet are strongly linked to colon cancer risk and black Americans have higher rates of obesity and are less likely to eat recommended healthy diets than white Americans are.
“Colorectal cancer incidence has been increasing in the United States among adults younger than 55 years since at least the mid-1990s, with the increase confined to white men and women and most rapid for metastatic disease,” Siegel's team reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Related: FDA Approves new DNA test for Colon Cancer
And even though there are better treatments for colon cancer that can help people live longer, healthier lives, the increase in death rates outweighs the effect of better treatment.
“The increase in death rates shows us that the increase in incidence is of sufficient magnitude to overcome the improvements in survival that we've seen because of better treatments in more recent years,” Siegel said.
Part of it may be that not enough people are getting screened on time, Siegel said.
“We also found increasing death rates for people in their early 50s for whom screening has been recommended for decades, and this was the most surprising finding because screening for colorectal cancer influences death rates because it both prevents cancer and detects it at an earlier stage when it's more curable,” she said.
“People aren't calling to schedule their screening test on their 50th birthday. But they should be.”
American Cancer Society guidelines recommend starting colonoscopy at age 50. People with a family history of colon cancer or who have a relative who had a high-risk, noncancerous growth called an adenoma should consider starting sooner.
“There are a variety of screening tests,” Siegel added. “The most common, of course, is the colonoscopy. But there are many other options for people who decide for one reason or another that a colonoscopy is not for them.”
Doctors are not certain that it's time to change screening recommendations and send more people for colonoscopies at younger ages. Colonoscopies themselves carry risk and expense and usually require sedation.
But one problem with colon cancer is that it does not usually cause obvious symptoms until it is advanced.
Katie Rich of Rockville Centre, New York was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer in 2012 at the age of 33. She had a two-month-old baby and two older children.
“I want to say listen to your body, go with your gut, but my body never gave me any signs and my gut never told me.”
“We have no family history of colon cancer,” Rich told NBC News. “I was pregnant from basically 2009 to 2012. I had three kids in three years (and) any symptom I may have had was masked by the pregnancy.”
Rich had actually undergone a colonoscopy at age 20 for abdominal and stomach issues and had been cleared. But she was aware of the risk of colon cancer.
“I have two brothers who were tested and one brother actually had ... an adenoma, and it's basically like a precancerous polyp that was removed,” she said.
“And according to my oncologist that polyp would have turned into cancer -- I think she said three to five years -- and he would not have been 50 by then. So he would have had full blown cancer.”
Related: Obamacare Saved Thousands From Colon Cancer Death - Report
Rich had surgery and chemotherapy and a fourth child after her treatment. She is currently free of any evidence of her cancer. Right now, she's raising her family.
Other studies have shown that cancer survivors who follow standard American Cancer Society guidelines for healthy living are 42 percent less likely to die than similar survivors who didn't,
Rich has no clear advice for younger people.
“I want to say listen to your body, go with your gut, but my body never gave me any signs and my gut never told me,” Rich said.
Related: Experts Affirm Colon Cancer Screening Saves Lives
Siegel said there are clear guidelines for people who want to prevent colon cancer.
“The main risk factors for colorectal cancer that we know of are obesity, physical inactivity, alcohol consumption and smoking,” she said.
“We don't think that the obesity epidemic is driving this trend because we see different trends in blacks and whites.”
As is so often the case, more research is needed. In the meantime, Dr. Ronald Bleday, chief of colorectal surgery at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital, says doctors may need to think colon cancer more often than they otherwise would have.
“I think that's the main thing about this paper -- to raise the awareness of both the patient and the provider, of thinking about colon cancer as a problem in patients in their 30s and 40s,” said Bleday, who was not involved in the research.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
A bird that is rarely seen in British Columbia is creating quite the buzz on social media.
Over the past couple weeks, a black vulture has been seen around Metchosin on Vancouver Island several times, often with turkey vultures.
WATCH: A black vulture and wild turkey vultures dine on a deer in Metchosin on Oct. 4. (Taylor Mar/Facebook)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Robyn Radcliffe, the operations manager with The Raptors, said the black vulture is likely Balthazar, who got out of their conservation centre in Duncan four months ago.
Balthazar came to the centre two years ago with three black vultures from the state of Georgia in the United States who needed a permanent home.
"They were at a rehab facility there," Radcliffe said. "They had been brought in injured. I think they were all hit by cars and all had varying injuries but ultimately the vet there deemed them non-releasable."
When the birds arrived, The Raptors staff found that Balthazar, who was rescued when he was an adult could fly fairly well. Since he was deemed an animal that could not be released, he stayed at the centre.
In June, a tree fell on the bird's aviary nets, that had been placed around some trees.
"A tree fell and plonked a hole in the netting and Balthazar got out," Radcliffe said, adding that the other two black vultures are still with The Raptors.
"We actually watched him for two days flying with the turkey vultures, which was really cool because we had debated whether we should try and catch him again if he was not flying well."
Radcliffe said they were very impressed with Balthazar's flying ability.
"We just crossed our fingers and hoped that he would fly with the turkey vultures and find his way down to southern Vancouver Island in September, which it is clear he has done so."
Radcliffe said Balthazar might stay on the island during the winter with some turkey vultures but may also migrate further south. The species typically lives the in eastern and southern United States, as well as South America. Black vultures can live in the same area turkey vultures, Radcliffe said.
"It's not unusual in that he's flying with the turkey vultures, that's pretty common. They'll often be at the same carcasses where their ranges overlap," Radcliffe said.
According to the Rocky Point Observatory, there have been five documented records of other black vultures in the entire province. A black vulture from the wild has never been recorded in the Greater Victoria area. The animal is identified by a sooty black plumage except for white patches or “stars” on the underside of their wingtips. The bare skin on their head is black.
"It's really cool this is opening a big discussion on vultures because although here in North America, black vulture and turkey vulture populations are healthy, they're doing really well, vulture populations as a group are the most endangered group of birds in the world and so vultures in Africa and Asia are not doing well," Radcliffe said.
"A lot of it is due to poison and as a result of vultures declining, we're seeing an increase in other species like wild dogs, we're seeing an increase in human deaths due to rabies so vultures play this role in the ecosystem as the cleanup crew. They're cleaning up all these carcasses that we don't see and they're actually stopping disease from spreading as well."
Jeremy Messersmith's newest album, “11 Obscenely Optimistic Songs for Ukulele: A Micro Folk Record for the 21st Century and Beyond,” features songs about cats and honeybees. (Courtesy of Glassnote Records)
Review: Jeremy Messersmith's '11 Obscenely Optimistic Songs for Ukulele' delivers positivity in 15 minutes
Minneapolis musician Jeremy Messersmith can be a little macabre, often spending his songwriting power on graveyards and suburbia. But when the world becomes dark, his music turns to the overtly positive to provide comfort.
He is often compared to Portland's Elliott Smith, but Messersmith has created his own brand of emotional songwriting. Though Messersmith writes dark indie-pop with lush strings, his music is also undeniably funny in a way that Smith's music isn't. Messersmith manages to tackle difficult and varied topics with grace in a way only his offbeat humor can.
On Friday, Messersmith surprise released a 15-minute album called “11 Obscenely Optimistic Songs for Ukulele: A Micro Folk Record for the 21st Century and Beyond.” He's ventured into a territory all his own with this record; it's positive in a way that feels necessary. The album cover depicts Messersmith covered in cats as an homage to the first track, “Everybody Gets a Kitten.” It even credits the songwriting to “Jeremy Messersmith and kittens.”
He's been working on a full-length album supposedly titled “Late Stage Capitalism” for a few years now. After the election of our current president this November, Messersmith closed himself in a cabin in Minnesota for a few days with a ukulele. He came out with a different product than one might expect.
During that cabin stay, Messersmith produced 11 short songs, all undeniably sweet and optimistic like the songwriter himself. In a similar fashion to indie artist Beck, Messersmith first released “Obscenely Optimistic” as a songbook. He invited fans to record videos of themselves singing and performing the songs to share under the hashtag, #ObscenelyOptimistic. On his current tour, he is inviting audience members to bring instruments to participate in the shows and sing along.
As he wrote on his website, “I think communities that sing together are stronger and more resilient than those that don't.”
While his 2010 album “The Reluctant Graveyard” matches grief with hope, “Obscenely Optimistic” presents only pure joy. The instrumentation is simple — Messersmith recorded the album in one day — with just a ukulele accompanying his voice. Every song has its own music video, featuring Messersmith in his signature glasses, strumming away at his ukulele.
It's hard not to smile when listening to this album. “Everybody Gets a Kitten” details a future where “All the factories burn rainbows and you can buy a house on Mars.” Sure, it seems silly, but when Messersmith sings these lyrics in his slight falsetto, it's hard not to take his sentiment to heart, as fan videos show.
The recordings people have shared with Messersmith are integral to how the album is received. It's not just a positive album, but it's also a way for people to directly engage with positive thinking.
Most songs on the album don't contain as much cheesiness as “Everybody Gets a Kitten,” but they are still sincere attempts at making eloquently crafted tiny pop songs.
“Everything is Magical” is only 2:20, but encapsulates the love songs of his last release, 2014's “Heart Murmurs.” While “Everything is Magical” feels well-crafted and intentional, the track after, “Honeybee” falls flat because it goes overboard on the sweetness.
On his website, Messersmith details his reason for releasing the album: “Because we all need a ray of sunshine every now and again. Because it's important to not lose sight of how good things could be. Because the first step to a better world is to imagine a better world.”
It doesn't take much for Jeremy Messersmith to make the world a better place, if only for a few short moments.
Follow Sararosa on Twitter: @srosiedosie
Comments
Beyonce made sure that her stage was body positive for Coachella.
At first glance, just about the only thing missing from the Homecoming/Probate extravaganza that was Beyonce's Coachella performance was some plus-sized majorettes. But if you look a little closer, you'll notice that she made sure that she brought the curvy girls out for her both of her sets!
Three dancers that blended seamlessly in with the rest of the troupe were representing for the thick girls on Bey's stage.
Amari Marshall, Jore Marshall, and Noelle Rodriguez were all present, accounted for, and all the way in formation for both weekends of Beychella! And, make no mistake, the thick girls could keep up.
Beyonce also brought the Marshall sisters out front and center to flank her for the breakdown in Baby Boy.
RELATED STORIES:
Erica Ash Shoots Her Shot With Beyonce While Playing Truth Or Dare With Christian Keyes
Yes, Beyoncé's Sorority Merchandise From Coachella Is For Sale
Twitter Loses Its Mind Over #BeyChella
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
An Australian report into child sex abuse on Monday recommended new laws to compel clergy to report sex abuse allegations they hear in religious confession.
Current laws in most Australian states uphold the confidentiality of the religious confession.
A government-sanctioned inquiry into child sex abuse said it heard that some perpetrators who confessed to sexually abusing children went on to reoffend and seek forgiveness again.
"Clergy should not be able to refuse to report because the information was received during confession," the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse said in a statement attached to the report on Monday.
"Persons in institutions should report if they know, suspect or should have suspected a child is being or has been sexually abused."
The Australian government did not immediately respond to the report.
The Royal Commission had previously heard that 7 percent of Catholic priests working in Australia between 1950 and 2010 were accused of child sex crimes and that close to 1,100 people filed child sexual assault claims against the Anglican Church over a 35-year period.
A royal commission is Australia's most powerful kind of government-appointed inquiry and can compel witnesses to give evidence and recommend prosecutions, but it does not make laws.
"Priests are able to say that they didn't have to divulge anything in confessional because of this privilege — this would change that," barrister Miiko Kumar, a legal academic at the University of Sydney, said of the commission's recommendation.
"It would make it absolutely clear that this should be an offence and a priest can't claim the privilege."
A similar rule, overriding the confessional privilege in Church law that prevents clerics from sharing information, was introduced in Ireland in 2012.
A spokeswoman for Australia's Catholic Church did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Michael Quinlan, a legal expert at Catholic University Notre Dame in Sydney, previously told the inquiry that confession is a sacrament "at the heart of the Catholic religious faith" and to change its legal status would undermine religious freedoms.
ELLSWORTH — A Sullivan man was charged with elevated aggravated assault after he allegedly punched and stabbed a man at a Sullivan residence Feb. 8, the Hancock County Sheriff's Office reported.
Randolph Garland, 52, also was charged with criminal threatening with a dangerous weapon in the incident and probation violation.
Deputy Corey Bagley stated in an arrest warrant affidavit that Garland had used a knife to stab the victim in the wrist and had cut him with a broken piece of glass. That was after Garland allegedly punched the man in the nose, Bagley said.
One of the victim's friends drove the victim to a local hospital for treatment.
According to police, Garland spit on Bagley's jacket and began kicking his legs while waiting in the back of the cruiser, so officers put a “spit shield” on Garland for the ride from Sullivan to the Hancock County Jail.
Spit shields are similar to face masks. They are made of plastic and prevent bodily fluids from hitting officers. Deputies also put Garland in leg restraints.
Garland made an initial court appearance Tuesday. Garland is currently being held without bail pending a probation revocation hearing.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
The understated appeal of Ed Sheeran at the Hydro Arena, Glasgow
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
BOSTON, MA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Below is the March 2017 Monthly Update for the Liberty All-Star® Equity Fund. ( NYSE : USA)
Liberty All-Star Equity Fund Monthly Update Ticker: USA March, 2017 Investment Approach
Fund Style: Large-Cap Core
Fund Strategy: Combines three value-style and two growth-style investment managers. Those selected demonstrate a consistent investment philosophy, decision making process, continuity of key people and above-average long-term results compared to managers with similar styles.
Investment Managers:
Value Managers:
Aristotle Capitol Management, LLC
Macquarie Investment Management*
*Name changed from Delaware Investments
Pzena Investment Management, LLC
Growth Managers:
Sustainable Growth Advisers, LP
TCW Investment Management Company
Top 20 Holdings at Month-End (29.8% of equity portfolio) (Rank from previous month) 1 Facebook, Inc., Class A (1) 2.1% 2 Alphabet, Inc., Class C (2) 2.0% 3 Visa, Inc., Class A (3) 2.0% 4 Amazon.com, Inc. (6) 1.9% 5 Salesforce.com, Inc. (5) 1.9% 6 Mondelez International, Inc., Class A (4) 1.9% 7 The Priceline Group, Inc. (7) 1.7% 8 Starbucks Corp. (8) 1.6% 9 Adobe Systems, Inc. (9) 1.6% 10 Equinix, Inc. (13) 1.4% 11 Lowe's Companies, Inc. (14) 1.4% 12 Chubb Ltd. (11) 1.3% 13 Oracle Corp. (12) 1.3% 14 Bank of America Corp. (10) 1.3% 15 State Street Corp. (16) 1.1% 16 American Tower Corp. (18) 1.1% 17 Intel Corp. (17) 1.1% 18 CVS Health Corp. (15) 1.1% 19 Celgene Corp. (19) 1.0% 20 Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. (20) 1.0% Holdings are subject to change.
Monthly Performance Performance NAV Market Price Discount Beginning of month value $6.39 $5.44 -14.9% Distributions - - End of month value $6.42 $5.46 -15.0% Performance for month 0.47% 0.37% Performance year-to-date 7.21% 8.32%
The net asset value (NAV) of a closed-end fund is the market value of the underlying investments (i.e., stocks and bonds) in the Fund's portfolio, minus liabilities, divided by the total number of Fund shares outstanding. However, the Fund also has a market price; the value at which it trades on an exchange. If the market price is above the NAV the Fund is trading at a premium. If the market price is below the NAV the Fund is trading at a discount.
Performance returns for the Fund are total returns, which includes dividends, and are net of management fees and other Fund expenses. Returns are calculated assuming that a shareholder reinvested all distributions. Past performance cannot predict future investment results.
Performance will fluctuate with changes in market conditions. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data shown. Performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of taxes that shareholders would pay on Fund distributions or the sale of Fund shares. Shareholders must be willing to tolerate significant fluctuations in the value of their investment. An investment in the Fund involves risk, including loss of principal.
Sources of distributions to shareholders may include ordinary dividends, long-term capital gains and return of capital. The actual amounts and sources of the amounts for tax reporting purposes will depend upon the Fund's investment experience during its fiscal year and may be subject to changes based on tax regulations. If a distribution includes anything other than net investment income, the fund provides a Section 19(a) notice of the best estimate of its distribution sources at that time, available at www.all-starfunds.com. These estimates may not match the final tax characterization (for the full year's distributions) contained in shareholders' 1099-DIV forms after the end of the year.
Net Assets at Month-End ($millions) Total $1,216.7 Equities $1,189.1 Percent Invested 97.7%
Sector Breakdown (% of equity portfolio)* Information Technology 24.6% Financials 17.1% Health Care 14.7% Consumer Discretionary 11.9% Consumer Staples 9.1% Energy 8.1% Industrials 5.5% Materials 3.4% Real Estate 3.1% Utilities 1.3% Telecommunication Services 1.2% Total Market Value 100.0% *Based on Standard & Poor's and MSCI Barra Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS).
Mark Zuckerberg Under Fire for Massive Data Leak
A U.S. senator is demanding that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee, after reports that a company employed by President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign accessed profile data from more than 50 million Facebook users without their permission.
"This is a major breach that must be investigated," Sen. Amy Klobuchar, a Minnesota Democrat, tweeted Saturday. "It's clear these platforms can't police themselves ... They say 'trust us.' Mark Zuckerberg needs to testify before Senate Judiciary."
Facebook did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the senator's demand.
On Friday evening, the Menlo Park social media giant -- with the New York Times poised to publish on Saturday an article about the massive data leak -- admitted in a news release that Cambridge Analytica had years ago obtained user data from a "personality prediction" app that was downloaded by about 270,000 people.
The app developer could then access "information such as the city they set on their profile, or content they had liked, as well as more limited information about friends who had their privacy settings set to allow it," Facebook said.
The developer accessed the data through what were the proper channels at the time, but "lied to us and violated our Platform Policies by passing data (to) Cambridge Analytica," the company said.
Cambridge Analytica harvested profile information from more than 50 million Facebook users without their permission, the Associated Press reported.
Facebook subsequently changed the rules governing developers' use of its data, and now requires them to justify and explain proposed data collection before they're allowed to access user information or ask for it, the company said.
Cambridge Analytica denied wrongdoing, saying it had deleted the data it received from the developer, the Associated Press reported. Facebook, however, said in its news release that it had received reports several days ago that not all the data was deleted.
"We are moving aggressively to determine the accuracy of these claims," the company said.
Cambridge Analytica, linked to Trump campaign strategist Steve Bannon, used the data to develop techniques that formed the foundation of its work on the Trump campaign, The New York Times and The Guardian reported.
Facebook executives took to Twitter on Saturday to argue strenuously that the data leak was not a data breach.
"This was unequivocally not a data breach," tweeted longtime executive Andrew Bosworth. "People chose to share their data with third party apps and if those third party apps did not follow the data agreements with us/users it is a violation. No systems were infiltrated, no passwords or information were stolen or hacked."
One of the New York Times reporters who wrote the newspaper's story on the leak responded. "Facebook officials today playing semantic -- but legally very important to regulators -- word games about a data 'breach,' " Nick Confessore? tweeted. "But who needs to steal passwords when Facebook will just give some dude access to your profile and not even check his app out that closely?"
© 2018 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Courtesy of Facebook.
Photo
Players no longer will be penalized two shots for an incorrect scorecard if they were not aware of a rules violation when they signed their card.
The United States Golf Association and R&A also will no longer respond to most television viewers' calls during the tournament.
The changes are part of a local rule effective Jan. 1.
Rescinding the scorecard penalty, famously applied to Lexi Thompson at the L.P.G.A. Tour's first major last April, is part of a broader standard for using video.
Thompson had a three-shot lead in the final round of the ANA Inspiration when a TV viewer noticed she had improperly replaced her golf ball on the green during the third round. She was penalized two shots for the infraction. Because that would have made her score two shots higher, she received an additional two-shot penalty for the scorecard error.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
That became a four-shot penalty in the final hour of the tournament. Thompson rallied, but eventually lost to So Yeon Ryu in the first hole of a playoff.
Mumbai Suburban Collectorate made public a special WhatsApp number to enable people to approach the authorities for queries related to addition or deletion of names from the electoral rolls.
Talking to reporters here, Mumbai Suburban Collector Sachin Kurve said citizens can use special WhatsApp number 8104212100 so that booth-level officers (BLOs) can reach them regarding complaints as well as addition and deletion of names from the electoral roll.
He said BLOs have started a month long door-to-door survey of the electoral rolls since May 15.
“We may not reach each and every home and therefore, we are publicising the WhatsApp number. People can message their names and address along with the name of their constituency so that we can go to them,” he said.
During the month-long campaign, the BLOs will collect the names of voters who are eligible to vote as on January 1 2018, but still have not registered as voters.
Similarly, the names of those who will become eligible voters as on January 1, 2019 will also be collected. The names of those voters who have shifted their residence or are no more alive, will also be collected for omission from the electoral rolls.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin and Attorney General Andy Beshear face a lawsuit over the state's criminal ban on medical marijuana. Three people filed the lawsuit in Franklin County Circuit Court on Wednesday.
They claim the ban violates constitutional privacy rights and treats anyone using medical marijuana as a criminal rather than a patient. The three people say they used medical marijuana to help ease health problems.
The governor responded to that lawsuit while in Paducah on Wednesday. Bevin was here for the ceremonial signing of the Leeper Act. The bill lifts the ban on nuclear power plants in Kentucky. I talked to the governor about a number of topics, including that bill, the lawsuit against him and the drug epidemic in Kentucky.
A crowd gave a standing ovation to Bevin before he signed a bill ending the state's ban on nuclear power plants. Bevin says the bill puts Kentucky in place for opportunity.
"What will come on this front is still yet to be seen, but it was done in anticipation of the fact that the energy landscape is changing," Bevin said.
During our interview, I also asked him about the lawsuit against him that claims the state criminalizes people who use medical marijuana and violates their constitutional rights.
"They're not criminalized. It's literally not legal. It doesn't then criminalize them. It just says that they don't have access to it legally in this state," Bevin said.
He says it would be up to lawmakers to vote to legalize marijuana before it reached his office.
On Wednesday he also responded to Attorney General Andy Beshear's threat to sue him after he eliminated several education boards.
"Our attorney general is so busy suing me and posing and posturing himself to run for higher office, that he's not doing his job. It's shame that he doesn't," Bevin said.
He also touched on the state's drug epidemic a day after a local woman was arrested when her 8-month-old overdosed on meth.
"It's meth, it's opioid, there are many drugs that have infected our communities," Bevin said.
Bevin says his administration is working to develop drug treatment programs in prison systems to help prisoners get off drugs before they leave the system.
Bevin also reacted to coverage of him calling Courier-Journal reporter, Tom Loftus, a "peeping tom" and "sick man" on Twitter for taking pictures around his home. Bevin says he does not take back what he said.
Loftus reported that Bevin bought his home below the market value from a company owned by one of his appointees. Bevin told Local 6 he did not need to defend himself against something that was not true.
Jeremy Allen's childhood was filled with abandonment, rejection, abuse, instability and the child-welfare system. Those circumstances could have easily led him on a path of destruction. Instead they pushed him and helped him see that the sun is always shining in spite of the storms that try to get in the way.
That's the basis for “The Sun is Always Shining: A Story of Adversity Turned to Triumph” by Indiana native DeAntwann Johnson.
Johnson's own life story prompted him to write the book. The main character is based off of his own life; and his goal through sharing his own story was to uplift others to overcome the adversity in their lives.
“I believe this book has something to offer anyone who reads it,” Johnson said. “At the core, this book is for youth who may be able to relate to the character's story. This book is also for people who interact with youth so that they may get a good idea about how trauma impacts students and their ability to be successful in life.”
Johnson said he hopes readers recognize their potential, seek the sun in their lives and remember that the tough times in life do not have to last.
“We are dealt many different hands in life,” he said. “The key is to not get caught up or dwell on your sorrows for too long.”
In addition to being an author, Johnson is a youth advocate, counselor, coach and motivational speaker who uses his experiences to inspire those he influences to be their best. You may connect with him online at djinspires.com. He currently lives in Whittier.
“The Sun is Always Shining; A Story of Adversity Turned to Triumph” is available for $19.99 (paperback), $29.99 (hardcover), and $4.99 (e-book) at Amazon and Barnes and Noble.
Wimbledon glance: Nadal, Djokovic favorites to reach 3rd Rd
hello
Rafael Nadal, of Spain, returns the ball to Dudi Sela, of Israel, during their men's singles match, on the second day of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Tuesday July 3, 2018. Associated Press
A quick look at Wimbledon:
LOOKAHEAD TO THURSDAY
Rafael Nadal owns 17 Grand Slam titles, including two at Wimbledon. Novak Djokovic has won 12 majors, three at the England Club. Both are scheduled to play in the second round Thursday against opponents with no such hardware on their resumes. The No. 2-seeded Nadal will open the day's schedule at Centre Court against 77th-ranked Mikhail Kukushkin of Kazakhstan, who has been as far as the fourth round at a major exactly once and lost his opening matches at the Australian Open and French Open this year. Nadal has won all three of their previous matchups. Djokovic, a former No. 1 who is seeded 12th, can become only the fifth man in the professional era to collect 60 wins at Wimbledon, by beating 126th-ranked Horacio Zeballos of Argentina on No. 2 Court. Zeballos has only once been past the second round at a Grand Slam tournament, getting to the fourth round at the 2017 French Open. Plus, Djokovic has never lost to someone ranked as low as Zeballos at a major and is 1-0 in their lone head-to-head meeting. Another Grand Slam champion in action on Day 4 is 2009 U.S. Open winner Juan Martin del Potro, facing Feliciano Lopez, who is participating in his record 66th consecutive major. Among those resuming matches that were suspended Wednesday because of rain in the evening: No. 3 Marin Cilic, No. 8 Kevin Anderson, No. 9 John Isner and three-time major champion Stan Wawrinka. In women's action, No. 1 Simona Halep, No. 3 Garbine Muguruza and No. 22 Johanna Konta highlight the schedule.
THURSDAY'S FORECAST
Cloudy. Chance of rain. High of 79 degrees (26 Celsius).
WEDNESDAY'S WEATHER
Sunny, then showers interrupted play in the evening. High of 77 degrees (25 Celsius).
WEDNESDAY'S KEY RESULTS
Men's second round: No. 1 Roger Federer beat Lukas Lacko 6-4, 6-4, 6-1; No. 11 Sam Querrey beat Sergiy Stakhovsky 7-6 (4), 6-3, 6-3; Dennis Novak beat No. 17 Lucas Pouille 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2.
Women's second round: Ekaterina Makarova beat No. 2 Caroline Wozniacki 6-4, 1-6, 7-5; No. 7 Karolina Pliskova beat Victoria Azarenka 6-3, 6-3; No. 9 Venus Williams beat Alexandra Dulgheru 4-6, 6-0, 6-1; No. 25 Serena Williams beat Viktoriya Tomova 6-1, 6-4.
STAT OF THE DAY
61 - Aces hit by Ivo Karlovic in 6-7 (5), 3-6, 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 13-11 loss to Jan-Lennard Struff.
QUOTE OF THE DAY
"I would be extremely surprised if she goes far." - Wozniacki on Makarova.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
The Danish government is promising a new 800MW offshore wind farm for delivery between 2024 and 2027 as part of its updated energy plan.
Ministers will present the blueprint later this week including a project to be built after the 600MW Kriegers Flak, which is currently being driven forward by Vattenfall.
Related Stories Danes load first Hornsea 1 topside
13 Apr 2018
Danes tackle Nissum wires
29 Aug 2017 The project will help to meet Danish ambitions to be free of fossil fuels by 2050.
Officials are also planning to carry out preliminary investigations into where potential future offshore projects can be located with a decision due in 2022.
The majority of previously investigated sites have either already been awarded or ruled out.
Image: Freeimages
FORT MYERS, Fla. (AP) — About a month ago, Minnesota Twins shortstop Jorge Polanco learned he had tested positive for a performance-enhancing substance.
The news of his 80-game suspension, including ineligibility for postseason play, hit the Twins hard on Sunday after their exhibition game.
“We don't want it in our game. We want a clean game. It sometimes is disappointing in seeing guys still trying to use performance-enhancing drugs,” second baseman Brian Dozier said on Monday as the Twins started their final full week of spring training. “But at the same time, when it comes to a guy on my team, that's my brother. He needs love right now. That's the only thing I'm really worried about.”
Now the Twins must concern themselves with Polanco's place in the lineup. He had a breakout second half of his first full season as the regular shortstop in 2017, batting .316 with 10 home runs and 42 RBIs over his last 55 games from Aug. 1 on while taking over the No. 3 spot in the batting order and helping the Twins reach the AL wild-card game.
Twins chief baseball officer Derek Falvey said shortstop is one of the positions he felt the team entered the spring with depth at, including Eduardo Escobar, Ehire Adrianza and non-roster invitee Erick Aybar. The versatile Escobar, who played five different positions for the Twins last season including one inning at catcher, is likely to be the primary option. Nobody has played more shortstop for the Twins since 2014 than Escobar, who hit 21 homers with 73 RBIs in 457 at-bats, all career highs.
“What Escobar did step up for us last season and we're going to ask him again, which is to step up and be a big part of this,” Falvey said. “He's worn that jersey and been fine with that before. I think Adrianza is somebody we really liked last year when we got him and was somebody who could continue to progress and grow. So, between those two guys internally who are on the roster, we feel like those guys are in a great spot to step up for us.”
Aybar, who has begun his 12th major league season, was signed to a minor league contract last month, before the Twins knew about Polanco's pending suspension. There's also some uncertainty about the availability of third baseman Miguel Sano, though to a much lesser degree than the half-season Polanco will be absent for. Sano is being investigated by Major League Baseball for alleged harassment of a freelance photographer after an autograph signing in 2015, and he's also recovering from surgery on his shin.
Then there's Nick Gordon, the fifth overall pick in the 2014 amateur draft who was at Double-A Chattanooga last season. He spent plenty of time at second base during spring training before being reassigned to minor league camp on Sunday shortly before news broke of Polanco's suspension, and Falvey said Gordon would continue to work out shortstop, his original position.
As for Polanco, he decided to drop his appeal of the punishment on Sunday out of respect for the team so he'd begin serving it as soon as possible. Polanco met with reporters briefly on Monday before he'd had an opportunity to address his teammates. He'll continue to work out at the team's facility in Fort Myers when the team breaks camp and can play in extended spring training games with the minor leaguers.
“I know how everything happened,” Polanco said. “I know the details, but today's not a day to discuss those things. Today's a day for me to be here in front of all of you guys and the Twins organization and my fans and just apologize.”
In a statement distributed by the players' union on Sunday, Polanco said he didn't realize he'd consumed the banned substance Stanozolol, which came from a combination of vitamin B12 and an iron supplement supplied by his athletic trainer in his native Dominican Republic.
“My hope is that through this extremely disappointing situation other players will learn from my mistake,” Polanco said in the statement.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Mrs. Aisha Buhari represented by Her SSA Admin, Dr Hajo Sani extended her goodwill for the new year to Children born on the first day of the year, She presented gifts to the first baby of the year and other babies at the Gwarimpa Hospital, ABUJA.
Shashank @ActorShashank
Is this #RanbirKapoor or @duttsanjay himself??? Mind boggling transformation by Ranbir for #Sanju biopic👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻 @RajkumarHirani Sir 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Ajay INDIAN @Ajay_KPatil
#Sanju DAMN!! It's just a teaser and I assure you that #Ranbir is going to be one of the top contenders for the best actor at Filmfare this year! Voice, looks & aura remind of real #sanjaydutt Best of luck team!
saurabh devrani @saurabh__018
Super excited to watch #Sanju , the teaser is splendid and it does a remarkable job of portraying the saga of #SanjayDutt .This movie can be endearing for many. Looking forward to watching the insight Journey of one of the eminent star of #Bollywood.
Bira ..! ᴰᵘᵗᵗˢᵀʰᵉᵂᵃʸ @mightytazwar
#Sanju trending with 22K all over India #RanbirKapoor trending with 17K at 2nd. RK ko apni position se peeche le jaye aisa hai #SanjuTeaser 💪
Pushkar Trivedi
@beingnotorious2 @beingnotorious2 Ranbir' blockbuster has arrived. What a look he adorned. Truly amazing. Loved it. #Sanju
BASU @sirbangabasu
#Sanju teaser is a treat for @duttsanjay's fan.. milestone for #RanbirKapoor .. & @RajkumarHirani again p...why he is the best story teller of this era 👊👊👊
Iyan Amjad @IyanAmjad
#Sanju teaser: BRILLIANT👌👌👍👍👏👏🕺🕺 @RajkumarHirani aur Ranbir ne kamal kar diya!
I've always said this and I'm saying it once again: RK is undoubtedly one of the FINEST and VERSATILE actors of hindi cinema today! It seems like @duttsanjay himself is telling the story!
Dhananjay Thorat @Dhananjay_T
Ranbir is ❤. Possibly the finest n most natural bollywood actor.Ever. How in the world he can pull off these different faces of Sanjay Dutt? He is growing as an actor with every film he does. #Sanju
Afnaan Rafique @Afnaanrafique
#Sanju Blockbuster written all over this nice little teaser. If the 1:26 min clip can give such feels wonder what will a 2 hour long can do. So very eager to watch this masterpiece. Ranbir Kapoor and Baba together REST IN PEACE Box-office!!
Saad Khan @SaadKhanCS @SaadKhanCS
@RajkumarHirani your smile has got humanity written all over it. #Sanju is going to be another classic. Congratulations, much in advance 😀
EMERALD ISLE, N.C. (WNCT)–As the traditional tourism season approaches, so does the arrival of paid parking.
Emerald Isle's paid parking program began Easter Weekend.
It's a flat $10 fee for the whole day. This past weekend, the town collected nearly $12,000. That money will go back into the facilities located at the East and West Beach Regional Accesses.
“It's an important revenue source and it helps us provide the best possible service there,” Frank Rush, town manager, said. “There is a big expense for lifeguards and police presence and just keeping the facilities up overall.”
Emerald Isle residents are eligible for two free annual parking permits for the beach access.
Elsewhere along the coast, Atlantic Beach's metered parking will take effect mid-May.
You'll have to pay $1 per hour at pay stations, plus 10 dollars a day for the gravel lot. The charge is from 10am to 5pm daily through Labor Day.
By Dave Shedloski
The Memorial Tournament presented by Nationwide always has been one of the premiere events on the PGA TOUR since its inception in 1976. And its status only seems to grow with legendary host Jack Nicklaus watching over the proceedings.
“It's truly amazing to think that a tournament hosted by golf's greatest champion in the game and played on one of the greatest golf courses in the game keeps getting better, but the Memorial Tournament continually rises in stature,” said Jim Nantz, longtime CBS Sports golf anchor. “For someone who treasures the sport and the history of the game as much as I do, it's truly one of the great weekends of my year.”
Newly minted world No. 1 Justin Thomas heads a field that includes eight of the top in the world rankings, while five-time Memorial Tournament winner Tiger Woods returns for the first time since 2015. Along with Thomas, all of the other two-time winners on the PGA TOUR this season are entered: Justin Rose (No. 3 in the world and the 2010 Memorial winner), Columbus resident Jason Day, Bubba Watson and Patton Kizzire.
Former PGA champion Jason Dufner returns to defend his title.
“We virtually have the who's who of players and virtually everybody's here, and I think we have probably done pretty well,” the Golden Bear said of the strong 120-player field competing for a purse of $8.9 million.
Nantz, who has worked every Memorial Tournament since 1986, his rookie year on the network, takes a look at the storylines this week in Dublin, Ohio.
>>WATCH: The Memorial Tournament Live Stream
The PGA TOUR calls the Memorial Tournament an enhanced event because of the larger purse and three-year exemption for the winner. I'd argue it's enhanced because the golf course is superb and Jack Nicklaus is the host. Agree?
The tournament is special for a multitude of reasons. This golf tournament has taken on the personality of truly being one of the biggest events in the sport. All you have to do is look at the field list to be dazzled and get the juices flowing. You've got a golf course that is ranked among the best in the world, and it's hosted by the greatest champion in the history of the sport, there's a lot for the passionate golf fan to get fired up about.
This week is a very strong field, with eight of the top 10 in the world and in the FedExCup standings. The Memorial always draws a strong field, but this one seems particularly top heavy.
It's a reflection of what's going on in the game of golf right now. For those of us who live the sport year-round, we're seeing wonderful things, [particularly] where the game is going and how it's trending. And the Memorial is one of those events that brings it all together. You can really sense that the players have a tremendously high regard for Jack Nicklaus and the tournament that he puts on.
Muirfield Village Golf Club can be an extremely tough test. We saw five-time winner Tiger Woods shoot 85 in the third round in 2015. But it also can yield some good scores. We've seen both extremes.
There are certainly a lot of places where your game can be exposed in a hurry if you're off by a fraction. It doesn't take much, as evidenced by last year's winner, Jason Dufner, shooting 77 on Saturday and rebounding and still winning. He was just a fraction off in the third round, and it cost him a pair of hockey sticks. I love risk-reward in golf; it brings the sport to a whole new level of drama. You take the best tournaments and the most memorable events we watch, and the term risk-reward is usually a part of it. Just look at major championship golf — and this really is major championship level. Look at what makes the Masters so great. It's the risk-reward nature of Augusta National Golf Club. You need highs mixed with the lows. You need the guy who pulls off the impossible shot and the guy who pays the penalty for coming up short. A young Jack Nicklaus knew what he was doing when he built Muirfield Village Golf Club all those years ago. It's the perfect arena for golf at its best, golf at its most interesting.
>>MORE: Golf Expert Interviews
Speaking of Woods, this is his first appearance here since that tough 2015 outing. What can we expect as he continues to put his game back together?
He's got a tremendous track record at the Memorial Tournament. He's come a long way in his attempt to rebound from back surgery. He's been quite a story. But who knows what to expect? He'll be closely watched, of that I am certain.
Justin Thomas makes his first start as the No. 1 player in the world. Does that make a difference to a player when he carries that banner? How will he respond?
When Adam Scott became No. 1 for the first time, he won at Colonial (in 2014), so who's to say we won't see that kind of response from Justin Thomas? This is a style of golf course that Justin Thomas grew up on. He was raised in these parts. His family has Ohio ties. This should be right in his wheelhouse. The fact that he is No. 1 doesn't come as any great shock. It comes at a time in golf when there could be a revolving door at the top of the game.
Give us your favorites and dark horses?
There have been guys over the years who have won this golf tournament whom you [would] least expect to win. There have been guys who won for the first time there, like a Kenny Perry and a Tom Lehman. Then you have Jack, Tom Watson, Fred Couples [who] always played well there, and Tiger with his remarkable record. Muirfield Village is a great showcase for many Hall of Famers, so you think about Justin Thomas, Justin Rose, Rory McIlroy, or Jason Day, who has shown tremendous determination to get back to the top of the rankings. And there are many players who appear ready to add their name to the list of winners.
Journalist and author David Shedloski of Columbus, Ohio, has been covering golf since 1986, first as a daily newspaper reporter and later as a freelance writer for various magazines and Internet outlets. A winner of 23 national writing awards, including 20 for golf coverage, Shedloski is currently a contributing writer for Golf World and GolfDigest.com and serves as editorial director for The Memorial, the official magazine of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio. He is the author of five books and has contributed to three others, including the second edition of “Golf For Dummies,” with Gary McCord. His last book was a collaboration with Arnold Palmer for his final autobiography, “A Life Well Played,” published in 2016. He's a fan of all Cleveland professional sports teams, the poor fellow.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Police arrested two men in connection to nearly 30 overdoses that happened downtown within 24 hours.
Authorities believe the men were selling flakka, a form of spice, to homeless men. Police said the flakka was likely laced with PCP — also known as phencyclidine or angel dust — or other unknown drugs, which is what makes it not just risky, but unpredictable. Flakka has been known to cause bizarre behavior, agitation, paranoia and delusions of superhuman strength.
“He had smoked flakka behind our facility and literally within 60 seconds, he passed out in the middle of the street. Dead to the world. Unconscious. Police could not rouse him,” said Steve Kerr, who is the chief development officer at the Wheeler Mission Ministries.
Kerr shared one of 27 stories of homeless men staying at the Wheeler Mission shelter, 520 E. Market St., who took flakka. Police arrested Melvin Cannon, 59, and Nathaniel Davis, 63. Both remained in custody at the Marion County Jail on Friday night.
“To know these guys are now behind bars, this drug is off the streets, is a huge relief to us, and I'm sure it's a relief to our guests,” Kerr said.
Kerr believes Cannon and Davis targeted the homeless for financial gain.
“End of the month, first of the month, a lot of our guests will receive a disability check or some sort of check of support. These predators know when there's money to be had.”
Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department Sgt. Chris Wilburn agreed that the suspects targeted the homeless. Wilburn called it an epidemic that was under control quickly.
“There were search warrants, multiple search warrants executed with our SWAT team. We had corroboration and collaboration from the Marion County Prosecutor's Office. They understood. It was a health crisis,” Wilburn said.
A crisis that Kerr hopes has come to an end, with Cannon and Davis behind bars.
“We will create a record on these two who are incarcerated and flag those records if they ever show up. They're definitely not welcome here at the Wheeler Mission,” Kerr said.
To help prevent this type of thing from happening again, Wheeler Mission has increased the hours of part-time employees and is working closer with police.
In addition, the Wheeler Mission offers a variety of services for drug addicts, including residential treatment.
The following spills were reported to the Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission in the past two weeks.
Information is based on Form 19, which operators must fill out detailing the leakage/spill events. Any spill release that may impact waters of the state must be reported as soon as practical. Any spill of five barrels or more must be reported within 24 hours, and any spill of one barrel or more, which occurs outside secondary containment, such as metal or earthen berms, must also be reported within 24 hours, according to COGCC rules. Spills and leaks are typically found during routine maintenance on existing wells, though some actual "spills" do occur among the 23,000-plus wells in the country.
NOBLE ENERGY INC, reported Aug. 8 a spill about 6 miles south of Kersey, near Weld County Roads 40 and 57. Fewer than five barrels of oil spilled. A small corrosive hole formed in the base of an oil production tank, causing the release.
NOBLE ENERGY INC, reported Aug. 8 a spill near Alden, near Weld roads 66 and 53. Fewer than five barrels of oil and produced water spilled. Workers discovered leaks in the oil and produced water lines during maintenance activities.
NOBLE ENERGY INC, reported Aug. 8 a spill about 6 miles southeast of LaSalle, near Weld roads 38 and 43. Fewer than five barrels of oil, condensate and produced water spilled. Workers discovered the historic impacts during plug and abandon activities.
EXTRACTION OIL & GAS INC, reported Aug. 7 a spill about 4 miles northwest of Severance, near Weld roads 78 and 17. Fewer than 100 barrels of produced water spilled. A small hole in the bottom of the produced water tank caused the release.
Recommended Stories For You
KERR MCGEE OIL & GAS ONSHORE LP, reported Aug. 4 a spill about 1 mile northeast of Kelim, near Weld roads 60 and 15. Fewer than five barrels of oil, condensate and produced water spilled. Workers discovered the historic impacts after removing a riser.
NOBLE ENERGY INC., reported Aug. 4 a spill about 4 miles southeast of Kersey, near Weld roads 52 and 61. Fewer than five barrels of produced water spilled. Workers discovered the historic impacts during plug and abandon activities.
NOBLE ENERGY INC, reported Aug. 2 a spill about 8 miles north of Keenesburg, near Weld roads 34 and 53. Fewer than five barrels of produced water spilled. Workers discovered the release in the produced water line running from the separator to the produced water vessel.
ENERPLUS RESOURCES (USA) CORP., reported Aug. 1 a spill about 5 miles southwest of Pierce, near Weld roads 86 and 25. Between one and five barrels of flow back fluid spilled. A welded plug on a Zumi manifold washed out during completion activities, causing the release.
By Scott T. Sterling
Music legend Carlos Santana has donated $100,000 to benefit earthquake relief for the children of Mexico.
Related: John Mayer, Carlos Santana Honor Glenn Campbell with Tributes
Santana revealed the generous donation via his official Facebook page.
“Following three recent devastating earthquakes in Mexico, I am making a $100,000 donation through The Milagro Foundation to support Save the Children's relief and recovery efforts to help children and families in Mexico,” the guitarist wrote.
“Our brothers and sisters in Mexico are in desperate need of our compassion, love and support at this time. I'm proud to make this donation through the Milagro Foundation to Save the Children which is on the ground directly responding to children's needs following the earthquakes,” he continued. “I encourage everyone to join me in helping our neighbors get back on their feet. Let's come together as one to make a difference in the lives of these children and their families.”
Monday's trip was the president's first to the Granite State since the 2016 election, though advisers denied the event in the first primary state was intended to serve as an early stop in Trump's 2020 re-election campaign. Still, the president saw the promise of future electoral victory at the gathering, remarking that there were "a lot of voters in this room" and saying he wanted to win the battle against the opioid epidemic by the end of his second term as president.
Trump's speech, while focused on drug policy, also included riffs on his signature issue, as several in the crowd shouted for him to "build the wall!" and he attacked Democrats over their opposition to his immigration agenda. "They want to make (the immigration issue) part of the campaign," said Trump, referring to the midterm elections this year.
Punishing "big pushers" with a "zero tolerance policy" works in other countries, Trump said, without citing those nations. He conceded that the United States might not be willing to embrace such a controversial step — even though he said he couldn't "personally" understand that way of thinking.
Trump might seek to model the U.S. punitive program after the approach taken by countries like China and Singapore that have adopted capital punishment for drug offenses, a senior White House official told NBC last week. Both countries have been criticized for those policies by human rights groups.
Trump told the crowd Monday that the Justice Department would focus on finding a way to implement the policy in the United States.
"If we're not going to get tough on the drug dealers who kill thousands of people and destroy so many people's lives, we are just doing the wrong thing," Trump said.
One of his key promises during the presidential campaign was the development of a comprehensive plan to combat opioid addiction — and in New Hampshire, he and other presidential hopefuls found a population eager to hear potential solutions: In 2016, the Granite State had the third-highest drug overdose rate in the nation.
Trump — who on Monday praised New Hampshire's efforts to fight addiction — referred last year to the state as a "drug infested den" during a call with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nietor, according to a transcript of the call published at the time by The Washington Post.
In that call, the president also claimed to have won the state because of voters' concern about its drug problems. Trump won New Hampshire's 2016 GOP presidential primary, but lost the state to Hillary Clinton in the general election.
Oral health high on Ministry's agenda – Minister Cummings
The best quality professional oral health care, particularly for vulnerable populations, is prominently listed on the 2017 agenda of the Ministry of Public Health. This is according to Minister within the Ministry of Public
Health, Dr. Karen Cummings.
Dr. Cummings said, “The Ministry will continue to work assiduously to further enhance the dental health services currently offered within the public health system.”
According to Principal Dental Surgeon attached to the Ministry of Public Health, Dr. Shameer Ali, oral health is closely linked to general health.
Minister Cummings said that the Ministry will be embarking on ways to ensure that provision is made for the nation to be provided with quality oral health care.
Additionally, the Ministry of Public Health will continue to provide service and education to children, since according to Minister Cummings, “We believe that practising effective oral health should begin very early in a person's life.”
Dr. Ali said that when an individual has bad oral health, that person is at risk of developing other health issues. “It is not just about oral health or the mouth only…for example even gum disease is known to be a factor that could make it very difficult for some persons to control their diabetes,” the Dental Surgeon explained.
He said, “Some people may even be on medication that are ideally prescribed for their condition but still cannot control their diabetes, simply because of the presence of gum diseases.”
But there are even more daunting health conditions that have been influenced by gum disease. Dr. Ali spoke of heart disease and even premature births being linked to gum disease. In the case of premature birth, he disclosed that it has been substantiated that this could be triggered by bacteria that infect the mouth causing gum disease.
”There are a lot of things that are linked to oral health and for too long people have not been associating this with general health. But the mouth is in fact the beginning of your whole alimentary system…so oral health is extremely important,” Dr. Ali related.
The Dental Surgeon said that it is important that people strive to not neglect their oral health. “A dentist or a dental personnel can detect signs of other diseases, generally diseases in the body…For example, the early signs of the HIV infection can sometimes be seen in the oral cavity even before an individual develop other symptoms…That person might become sick months later, but the evidence of the disease could be seen in their mouths,” said Dr. Ali.
In order to meet its goal, the Ministry has been ensuring that the relevant qualified personnel are employed. Currently there are 72 Dental Surgeons and Specialists Registered in Guyana. This number includes four Specialists (two Maxillofacial Surgeons, one Prosthodontist and one Orthodontist).
Added to this, since being introduced in 2006, the University of Guyana (UG) Bachelors of Dental Surgery programme has produced six cohorts of Dental Surgeons.
In 2015, nine Dental Surgeons graduated and eight more graduated in 2016. There are currently 13 graduates from UG's School of Dentistry working in the public health system, according to Minister Cummings.
In addition there are 30 dentists practising within the public health system and an additional 35 private dentists practicing. Further there are 59 Dentex/Dental Nurses, 21 Community Dental Therapists (CDT) and 23 Dental Assistants within the public health system.
But there has been even more training of personnel to offer the oral health service. According to Minister Cummings, the Ministry also has in place a Dental Auxiliary Training Programme. This programme, according to her, began in 1975 and has trained more than 200 Dental Nurses/Dentex, CDT, and Dental Assistants over the years.
Dentex and CDTs are trained particularly to attend to school children and young adults below 18 years of age. “They work primarily under supervision of Dental Surgeons to impart oral care to children generally, and visit schools in their vicinities to deliver preventive and curative dental care,” Minister Cummings said.
A total of 14 Dentexes and four Dental Assistants graduated from the last batch trained within the 2014 – 2016 period. Further there are plans to soon commence a new Dental Auxiliary training programme for Dentex and Dental Assistants, according to Minister Cummings.
The School Oral Health Programme of the Ministry of Public Health provides oral health education, brushing demonstrations, curative and preventive services (fillings, prophylaxis, fluoride treatment, sealants, etc.) to Nursery, Primary and selected Secondary Schools in all 10 administrative regions of Guyana.
This programme is supported by Colgate Palmolive Limited in the form of a stipend for the Dentists and Dental Auxiliary personnel who visit schools.
According to Minister Cummings, the programme sees the organization providing samples of toothpaste and toothbrushes which are distributed to all school children.
The most active regions are Regions three, four, six, and Georgetown. In other areas, while this programme is being implemented, it is done only partially due to constraints such as the lack of enough Mobile Dental Equipment to facilitate widespread visits, Minister Cummings informed.
Win McNamee/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — Members of the House of Representatives gathered at the Capitol Building in Washington, D.C., Wednesday after the shooting at a Virginia park that injured five people, including U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise.
Democrats and Republicans held hands and prayed together at the start of the briefing, and leadership from both parties sat together throughout the briefing.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., took to the chamber floor to encourage prayers for the victims and give praise to the “tremendous bravery” of the U.S. Capitol Police.
“We are all horrified by this dreadful attack on our friends and on our colleagues who serve and protect this country,” Ryan said.
Ryan said the members of the house are “united” in their shock and anguish.
“An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us,” he said.
Pelosi echoed those sentiments in her remarks, calling the shooting an “injury in the family.”
Pelosi added that she hopes the tragedy will allow her and her fellow House members to “resolve our differences.”
The House adjourned for the day after the briefing. The Congressional Baseball Game, for which Scalise and his GOP colleagues where practicing when they were attacked, will continue as planned Thursday at Nationals Park, Ryan said.
Pelosi said, “Tomorrow we'll go out on the field. We'll root for our team. We want everyone to … do their best. And we will use this occasion to bring us together.”
President Trump was also among a wide range of politicians who reacted to the shooting, saying in a statement that he was “deeply saddened” by the attack.
“Our thoughts and prayers are the with members of Congress, their staffs, Capital Police, first responders and all others affected,” Trump tweeted of the incident that left the alleged assailant dead and five people injured, including Rep. Scalise.
Trump also described the Louisiana Republican as a “true friend and patriot.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Blink-182 are back in the recording studio working on a follow-up to 2016's California, if a pair of recent Instagram story photos from band members Mark Hoppus and Travis Barker are anything to go by. “NEW BLINK-182 SONGS, DAY ONE,” Hoppus captioned a shot of Barker on the drums; “@BLINK182,” Barker wrote alongside a photo of himself watching Hoppus playing guitar on a couch.
Two years ago, California became the first Blink album to feature Alkaline Trio vocalist/guitarist Matt Skiba in place of original frontman Tom DeLonge, who's been busy with his (surprisingly fruitful???) efforts to expose secret U.S. government intelligence on UFOs. Meanwhile, Blink have forged ahead without him, releasing an expanded edition of California, enjoying a narrow brush with disaster when they canceled their set at Fyre Festival last year, and announcing a Las Vegas casino residency titled “Kings of the Weekend” that debuts next month.
Separately, Barker has also recently posted photos of himself in the studio with a crew of guys including Korn guitarists Brian Welch and James “Munky” Shaffer and Soundcloud emo rappers/songwriters Lil Aaron and Ghostemane. It's not clear what they're all up to; last September, Barker said in an interview that he was “70 percent done” with a forthcoming solo record with a heavy hip-hop influence and promised guest appearances from Lil Wayne, Young Jeezy, Run the Jewels, Wiz Khalifa, Kendrick Lamar, YG, the Game, and Anderson .Paak. Barker's first solo album, 2011's feature-stacked Give the Drummer Some, was similarly stacked with features including Wayne, RZA, Raekwon, Rick Ross, Pharrell, Kid Cudi, Bun B, and Cypress Hill.
Check out Blink-182's recent studio photos (via Billboard) and Barker's earlier photo with the Korn members and other collaborators below.
CREDIT: Courtesy Mark Hoppus
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
New data reveals thousands of people are attending A&E in the West Midlands and leaving without being treated.
In September, 1,063 attendances the Royal Wolverhampton NHS Trust were recorded as having left A&E before being seen for treatment, 6.7% of all attendances, the highest proportion in England.
The number leaving before treatment is more than triple the 305 attendances recorded as having left A&E before being seen for treatment in September 2015, when 2.8% of attendances were recorded as leaving.
At University Hospital Birmingham, 466 attendances were recorded as having left A&E before being seen for treatment, 4.9%, up 79% from 260 in September 2015.
Across England, 3.2% of attendances at A&E departments were recorded as having left A&E before being seen for treatment, a total of 53,000 attendances.
This was a quarter higher than the 42,461 recorded in September 2015, when 2.7% of attendances left before treatment, and 49% higher than in 2013, when the number was 35,604, 2.5% of attendances.
Two Birmingham area hospital trusts failed to hit the target in September that 85 per cent of patients with an urgent cancer referral should begin treatment within 62 days of referral.
Commenting on figures, Dr Mark Porter, BMA council chair, said: “It is clear from these figures that patients are being let down by an overstretched system. The delays that patients are facing, for the care they need, have almost become the norm and this is unacceptable.
“Demand is now so great that hospitals are experiencing a year round crisis. Front-line staff are under serious pressure and are working flat-out, but the system can't cope with the number of patients needing to move through acute care, as the entire system is congested.
Have your say in the comments
“The entire health and social care system needs more capacity, including in accident and emergency departments, general practice and social and community care.
“The government must resolve the long-term funding, capacity and recruitment issues facing the system as a whole if we are to get to grips with the pressures hospitals face year in, year out, and which, as we're currently seeing, are compounded during the winter months.”
NHS logo
The median average time to initial assessment for attendances brought to A&E by ambulance was 6 minutes in September, with 95 per cent of patients being assessed within 2 hours 25 minutes.
For all patients receiving treatment, the median average time to treatment was 59 minutes with 95 per cent of patients receiving treatment within 3 hours 19 minutes, according to the figures from NHS Digital.
The median average total time in A&E for all patients was 2 hours 25 minutes, with 95 per cent of patients departing A&E within 6 hours 30 minutes of arrival.
Image Hyperlink Example
OCEAN RACER: Bumblebee 4, now entered in the Cruising division of the 30th anniversary Airlie Beach Race Week.
OCEAN RACER: Bumblebee 4, now entered in the Cruising division of the 30th anniversary Airlie Beach Race Week. shirley wodson
BUMBLEBEE 4, now entered in the Cruising division of the 30th anniversary Airlie Beach Race Week, is a famous yacht of yesteryear, affectionately known in the Whitsundays as Maxi Rags.
With her original owner John Kahlbetzer she enjoyed international success and sailed to line honours in the 1979 Sydney Hobart.
Syd Fischer bought and renamed the German Frers designed maxi Ragamuffin, and raced her to 1988 and 1990 Sydney Hobart line honours.
The yacht then spent many years in the Whitsundays as a day charter boat.
Last year, the yacht was bought by a syndicate consisting of Graham Eaton, Joe Akacich, Andrew Torti and former rugby league second rower, Mike McLean, from Bowen.
They had her refurbished and returned to her original name.
Down the track, like other old Sydney Hobart warhorses entered for the Airlie Beach Race Week; Condor (won the 1983 and 1986 Hobarts), Hammer of Queensland and Helsal 3, Bumblebee 4 will ply her trade as a charter vessel, giving ordinary people an extraordinary opportunity to race on an illustrious yacht.
If you want to race alongside her at this year's Airlie Beach Race Week from August 9-16, enter the regatta now at www.abrw.com.au.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
PLANTATION (CBSMiami) – Crime scene investigators are combing over a murder scene at a Plantation duplex Friday. According to police, Eric Robinson, 46, was arrested and charged with murdering his roommate and attempting to hide the body in a garbage dumpster.
Neighbors are in disbelief.
“This is just unbelievable,” said Pamela Letts. “He was just a really nice guy.”
Police have yet to notify the family of the victim but Letts said he was kind and had recently helped her with hurricane shutters.
Sometime in the last 48-hours, he was murdered in the townhouse at 7201 NW 15th Street where he lived with Robinson and a woman.
“There is always issues here at this house,” Letts said.
Multiple neighbors told CBS4 News the woman who lives there was constantly fighting with Eric Robinson and police were always being called.
The most recent event involved Robinson allegedly on top of the woman in the driveway beating her with closed fists.
Letts recalled, “She ran over here a couple of times to escape and she is always screaming stuff about what he's doing. The guy Eric was a big guy.”
Robinson's recent arrest history tells quite a story.
He was arrested in June for Domestic Violence and Strangulation. He bonded out the next day. In August, he was arrested for cocaine possession. The jail released him on Tuesday, October 3rd.
Neighbors say he came home and beat the woman again and then killed his roommate.
Police say he took the body and dumped it in a dumpster, behind a busy shopping center near Nob Hill Road and Cleary Blvd.
He was arrested Thursday and charged with 1st Degree Murder.
As police gather their evidence, neighbors are left to make sense of what happened and ponder what could they have done to prevent this tragic ending.
“Who would have ever thought,” Letts said shaking her head.
The name of the deceased is being withheld until his family is notified.
CHANHASSEN, Minn. (WCCO) — Few things in life are more difficult to discuss within a family than planning for a loved one's death.
And that's exactly why Stevie Ray's Improv Company at the Chanhassen Dinner Theater is tackling the topic head on.
On Friday and Saturday, April 21 & 22, the Cabaret troupe will perform the “Life and Death Comedy Show.” It's a way to break the anxiety over end of life decision making.
Let's face it…end of life planning isn't typical dinner talk. But nothing's more important than making decisions about a loved one's mortality.
“We all think we have one more year, no matter how old we are, and it's going to be someone else,” Stevie Ray said.
Ray's improv troupe is in the business to make us laugh. So when Health East Emergency Room physician Dr. Ann McIntosh asked Ray to approach the topic with humor, he jumped at the chance.
“We're not going to make fun of death, we're just going to make fun of how silly it is that nobody in America talks about the only inevitable thing out there, besides taxes,” Ray said.
Last April, Ray and his performers presented the first “Life and Death Comedy Show.” Their goal was to break through people's resistance and fear of end of life discussions with humor and comedy.
“I mean, it's not going to be, ‘Hey Dad, can you pass the mashed potatoes, and by the way how do you feel about life support?'” Ray said with a chuckle.
After the inaugural shows played to sold out crowds, the performance is back for another weekend – Friday evening, Saturday matinee and Saturday night.
Ray says it is a relaxing and fun way to get all of us talking about Advance Care Plans, DNR/DNIs, funerals and honoring a dear family member's final wishes.
“So what we're trying to do is say, look, respect it because life and death both need to be respected, but don't fear it. Make it part of your conversation,” Ray said.
This unique approach to an oftentimes uncomfortable discussion is clearly changing behavior. All thanks to giving audience members food for thought – along with a good laugh.
“Because they say if it's that easy why not? And now you've given me a few tips to get over those oogie parts,” Ray said.
For more information on tickets, click here or here.
For information on National Healthcare Decision Day, click here.
The Golden Knights have just about everyone in Las Vegas cheering them on … and it's not just people!
The Golden Knights have just about everyone in Las Vegas cheering them on…and it's not just people! At least one valley family has a pet parrot that's getting in on the action.
Ruby is a one-year-old parrot that yells “Go Knights, Go!” with her family.
"We didn't even really know that it was ‘Go Knights, Go' at first, because you don't really understand what they're saying, and then it was repetitive," Ruby's "mom" Lisa Normile said.
Ruby's parents said they used to be Rangers fans.
"We really love hockey but the Knights just really grew on us post-1 October," Ruby's dad, Harold Normile said.
The Normile's have season tickets and have only missed five home games all season. They said they're amazed by everything the Golden Knights have done for Las Vegas.
They've recently been working on teaching Ruby how to say, "We want the cup!"
Currently hiding behind a wall to try and catch a shy parrot yell “Go Knights Go!” ?? #lovemyjob @FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/BjSb3b4Dy8 — Kathleen Jacob FOX5 (@Kathleenjjacob) May 15, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Follow @insidefutbol
Finnish centre-back Aapo Halme has returned to training with Leeds United Under-23s after being out through injury, with his absence raising question marks amongst fans.
The Yorkshire giants signed the young centre half from HJK Helsinki during the January transfer window and he was drafted straight into the Under-23 squad.
Considered a fine young talent in his homeland, Halme made 36 senior appearances for HJK Helsinki before he moved to Leeds, but he is yet to make an impression even for the Under-23s and had been absent from matchday squads.
Fans were starting to ask questions over Halme – but it has been confirmed he had an injury.
Now, according to the Yorkshire Evening Post, the young defender has recuperated from the injury and has returned to training with the Under-23 squad as he looks to build up his fitness.
Halme will now be looking to get his Leeds career back on track and catch head coach Paul Heckingbottom's eye.
It remains to be seen whether he makes enough of an impression to be part of Leeds' senior squad plans for the next campaign.
He signed a four-and-a-half-year contract with Leeds in January.
PITTSBURGH — A hard slide by Pittsburgh pitcher Joe Musgrove led to the Pirates and Chicago Cubs emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals.
Musgrove slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning on Wednesday night. Baez was knocked off balance but did not hit the ground.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
Crew chief Gerry Davis instituted a video replay review to see if Musgrove interfered with Baez. However, replay officials at Major League Baseball's central office in New York informed Davis that it was not a reviewable play.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Is Gov. Cuomo really that worried by Cynthia Nixon — or has he just lost it?
Even before the “Sex and the City” star announced Monday that she'll primary him this year, Cuomo launched a mad dash for attention. With unfortunate results.
see also Cynthia Nixon announces bid for governor “Sex and the City” star Cynthia Nixon on Monday announced...
On Saturday, he ditched the State Police, whom governors have long accompanied in the St. Patrick's Day Parade behind the mayor and the NYPD, and stole the spot at the head of the line.
That meant snubbing the “Fighting Irish” honor guard — and 167 years of tradition. As James MacGuire noted in Friday's Post, soldiers from the legendary 69th Regiment of the New York State National Guard, offspring of the Irish Brigade, have led the parade since 1851.
But hey, who was going to stop him? By all accounts, his staff is terrified.
Then this gov blamed President Trump for the New York City Housing Authority crisis, though he has little to do with it: “Come visit public housing in your hometown of New York and you tell me if you made American great again.” Huh?
He bashed Mayor de Blasio on NYCHA, too, threatening to declare a state of emergency. He even reclaimed the mayor's “Tale of Two Cities” shtick, pointedly noting that it was coined by his dad, Gov. Mario Cuomo.
The lunacy may have started last week, when the gov responded to the corruption conviction of his former right-hand man, Joe Percoco , by claiming his own name was never mentioned at the trial. Oops: The New York Times found it 136 times in trial transcripts — over 1,500 if you count his office, staff, etc.
Scant years after he was at war with the state's teachers unions, Cuomo went prone at a “die-in” for gun control near American Federation of Teachers chief Randi Weingarten and rallied with local boss Mike Mulgrew.
“He's almost been having an emotional meltdown,” says Billy Easton, of the pro-union Allianace for Quality Education — which has ties to Nixon.
We get it: Cuomo is tarnished by the Percoco case, with more to come in the Buffalo A Billion corruption trial. He knows New Yorkers blame him for last year's subway horrors. And he's certain that de Blasio is quietly helping Nixon.
But the Siena College poll has him ahead of Nixon 66-19, and he's got $30 million in his campaign warchest.
The right approach to Nixon, sir, is to relax — heck, pour yourself a cosmo.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Hyundai seeks sales lift after first annual fall since 1998
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The manufacturer needed to present thin steel blades down an assembly line in a specific orientation. However, the parts were essentially symmetrical, with the exception of a small notch that had to be presented on the right side. With no real differences in the part other than this notch, feeding them to an assembly mechanism with 100 percent accuracy was a challenge.
Fortville Feeders Inc. designed a vibratory feeder bowl that uses a vision system to check for correct orientation of the parts. The camera is programmed to detect whether the notch is on the leading or trailing edge of the part as it moves along the track. If the camera detects a misoriented part, it turns on an air jet to blow the part back into the bowl for recirculation.
By incorporating the vision system into the bowl instead of adding a mechanism to the end of the track, Fortville Feeders was able to keep efficiency high through the bowl, keep a small footprint, maintain the required feed rate, and lower the cost and complexity of the system.
In addition, the customer has the flexibility to change over to another part in minutes. The camera can simply be programmed to detect subtle visual differences in the new parts, and production can resume.
For more information on parts feeders, call Fortville Feeders at 317-485-5195 or visit www.fortvillefeeders.com.
Editor's note: “We Fed It” is a regular series profiling parts feeders for automated assembly. Whether it's a vibratory bowl, a tray feeder or a flexible robotic system, if you've solved a parts-feeding challenge, we'd like to hear about it. Send an e-mail to John Sprovieri, editor of ASSEMBLY, at sprovierij@bnpmedia.com, or call 630-776-0924.
The owner of Vernon Downs Raceway, Hotel and Casino has announced it's shutting its doors for good after a tax relief bill has stalled in the Assembly.
Jeff Gural said the Senate has passed a bill providing tax relief for Vernon Downs, but the State Assembly has not shown any signs of making the same effort that would ensure the survival of the facility.
Vernon Downs will shut down in three different phases. In September the casino will close, while the race track will close in November and the hotel in December.
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
In the aftermath of 2017, the most expensive year for weather-related disasters in the United States, the House Committee on Financial Services passed a bill to help small businesses recover.
Small Business Access to Capital After a Natural Disaster Act
Authored by Republican Nydia Velázquez, the Small Business Access to Capital After a Natural Disaster Act requires the Securities and Exchange Commission's Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation to focus on the unique challenges small businesses affected by natural disasters face. The Act will pay particular attention to the problems small businesses are met with when securing access to capital in the wake of a natural disaster.
Last year was the most expensive on record for natural disasters in the U.S., with an estimated cost of at least $306 billion. According to the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), 40 percent of small businesses fail to recover and reopen their doors after being impacted by such events.
The bill is aimed at helping small businesses affected by natural disasters get back on track by having access to the necessary funds. In a statement issued after passage in the House, Velázquez commented:
“When disaster strikes, local small businesses are especially hard hit. Facing a combination of lost revenue and structural damage, many firms are forced to close their doors, sometimes for good. This bill would take decisive action to provide small business owners with capital they need to rebuild and get local economies moving again after disasters. I'm pleased my colleagues have seen fit to pass this legislation with such strong bipartisan support.”
In Puerto Rico, where nearly 90 percent of companies are small businesses, an estimated two-thirds were forced to close following Hurricane Maria in 2017, Velázquez's office says.
Five years later, New York and New Jersey small business owners still struggle to recover from millions in lost revenue following damage from Super Storm Sandy.
In an earlier release, Velázquez said: “When natural disaster strikes, many once-thriving Main Streets turn into ghost towns and small business owners face the harsh reality of soaring bills and lost revenue.”
She added: “Addressing issues of capital for a mom-and-pop shop, or local manufacturer is a much-needed step towards rebuilding entire communities.”
The bill now goes to the Senate for consideration.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Corbyn, Macron and D66: the elections that shocked the political class and why it's not over yet
“We still have a lot of work to do,” Uber said Tuesday as it released its latest company diversity report, revealing that women made mild gains in tech jobs over the last year at the ride-sharing giant.
Uber said men account for 82 percent of tech-related positions at the company, with women making up the remaining 18 percent. The percentage of women in tech roles edged up by 2.5 percent from a year ago, the company said.
Of its total employee base, 62 percent of Uber workers are men and 38 percent women. Whites make up the single-largest ethnic group at Uber, accounting for 48.6 percent of the company's employees.
Get tech news in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the free Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter.
“We continue to believe that transparency is the only means through which we can make substantive change and be held accountable,” said Liane Hornsey, senior vice president and chief people officer at Uber, in a company post about the diversity report. “We have made meaningful progress over the last year.”
Related Articles Academic to British Parliament: Facebook in ‘PR crisis mode'
Tesla factory workers stiffed on overtime, denied breaks: lawsuit
Why Facebook took down your post, and other standards revealed
Amazon wants to unlock your car for Prime deliveries
Off topic: Talking dog, separated at birth, recognizing faces, parents and firstborns It was the first diversity report from Uber since Dara Khosrowshahi took over as company chief executive in September 2017.
While the company touted its efforts to expand diversity in its employee ranks, Hornsey also wrote that Uber has trained more than 1,000 new interviewers in an effort to reduce bias when hiring for engineering jobs, and reworked more than 1,500 job descriptions in order to make those openings more inclusive.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Offset Cops A Car For The Man That Saved Him From His Car Accident
After Offset was involved in a terrible car accident a few weeks ago in Atlanta he tracked down the good Samaritan that helped him. Offset was able to get in contact with the gentleman and the superstar gifted him with a Nissan Altima. The man was reportedly without a car and walking to work the morning he helped him after the accident.
The man who helped save Offset after his car accident in Atlanta was walking to work that day, so Offset bought him a new car. pic.twitter.com/wWpgT1WTCE — Karen Civil (@KarenCivil) May 30, 2018
So Dope: Offset Tracks Down The Man That Rescued Him After His Accident And Gifts Him A Car was originally published on globalgrind.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Thousands attend a march in Hollywood, Calif., on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, to commemorate the 103rd anniversary of the Armenian Genocide. Los Angeles Daily News via AP David Crane
Want your brand to stand out? Stop writing boring 500-word posts on your blog that receives 100 visitors a month. Other than giving your site a tiny shot of SEO “juice,” you really aren't doing anything positive for your brand. What you really need to do is put yourself out there and make some noise.
Stop Copying Everyone Else
The ease and simplicity of the internet is a double-edged sword. On the one hand, it's allowed for unparalleled innovation. It's also enabled people to become successful without needing access to some of the heavily guarded resources and technologies that only large corporations had in the past. The internet has essentially leveled the playing field by enabling anyone and everyone to reach the masses.
On the other hand, the internet has removed many of the barriers to entry that previously existed in the business world. No longer do you have to do all the legwork that goes into building a business from the ground up. There are drag and drop website builders, cheap freelance labor, and social media networks with hundreds of millions of users.
The issue is that both sides of this “sword” are now cutting at the same time. When you study the digital marketing industry, in particular, it's clear that everything is oversaturated. Because the barriers to entry have been removed, the number of people, marketers, and brands creating content for the hungry masses has dramatically increased.
You have marketing executives from Fortune 500 firms who have spent 25 years studying business competing with millennials with nothing more than laptops and internet connections in their urban lofts.
Some would argue this is good — and it is, to an extent — but the problem is that the vast majority of people in the industry don't have a foundational understanding of how marketing actually works. Therefore, instead of being creators, these so-called marketers are mimes. They have the tools to be successful but lack a real understanding of how to effectively use these tools. As a result, the majority of those in the industry end up copying what the few are doing.
There's nothing malicious in the copying. It's just a natural instinct. On a micro level, it may even seem to be effective. You get a few clicks here and a couple of conversions there. But when you zoom out, suddenly it becomes apparent that we're operating in an internet-sized bubble where everyone is doing the same things. The result of this lack of differentiation is an inability for brands like yours to make your marketing stand out.
Make Your Marketing Stand Out
Do you see the problem? In an oversaturated market, it's the little guys that get squeezed out. The bigger brands have enough of a reputation to survive. When everyone is just blending in, brand equity will catapult these brands to the top. This leaves you scrounging around for the leftovers.
It's time to stop scrounging and start excelling. Create a game plan for how you can make your marketing messages stand out in an internet landscape that's heavily oversaturated. You're going to have to think for yourself, but we've got a few big-picture concepts to get you started.
1. Be an Early Adopter
Have you noticed recently that some of the social channels you've been using seem to be delivering lesser returns? (This may not be the case for you, but it's a common problem for many.) Facebook, Twitter, and other traditional social media platforms are experiencing serious content fatigue and this is a good time for you to temporarily (or even permanently), seek out some newer channels.
“For entrepreneurs and startups, it pays to be on the leading edge of social media and other marketing mediums. The early adopters are nearly always the most successful participants in these marketing avenues,” intellectual property attorney Robert Klinck explains. “Sure, you will probably invest some time in some avenues that don't end up going anywhere, but one big hit will be enough to make up for multiple failures.”
While not technically in the early adoption stage any more, platforms like Snapchat and Periscope offer much better avenues for visibility. They also encourage greater creativity in order to be successful. You can't just create a clickbait blog post and call it a day. You actually have to dig in and get creative, which will force you to become a better marketer.
2. Understand Traditional Content Doesn't Work
Traditional content is dead. In other words, you can't just write a clever headline, develop an opening, slap three or four paragraphs in the body, and then tie everything together with a nice, neat conclusion. The average human attention span is now down to 8.25 seconds. Considering that it takes roughly five minutes to read an average 500- or 600-word blog post, this means we, as marketers, face a distinct disadvantage when it comes to engaging readers.
You must learn how to reach through the screen and grab your audience's attention from the very moment they're exposed to a piece of content. For a blog post, this means spending just as much time coming up with the headline as it takes you to write the post.
For a video, it means nailing the opening frame and giving the viewer a reason to stick around past the 10-second mark. For an infographic, it probably means selecting a compelling color scheme that stands out from afar.
It'll require more time and energy on your part to create content that stands out, but there's value to be harvested from such an investment. Quality is far better than quantity in today's internet marketing landscape.
3. Connect with Social Influencers
The irony of the current marketing industry is that brands have more access to customers than they've ever had in the past. Yet, despite this, customers are less interested than ever in directly dealing with these brands (at least in a marketing sense). Millennials, in particular, are largely distrustful of brand messaging and would prefer to tap into their own networks for social proof and advice.
When explaining why consumers trust recommendations from a third party more than from the brand itself, marketer Kristen Matthews does a good job of making the issue relatable.
“You don't usually trust a person at a cocktail party who comes up to you and brags about himself or herself and spouts fun facts about his or her personality to convince you to be a friend,” Matthews says. “But you often believe your mutual friend who vouches for that person. An influencer is the mutual friend connecting your brand with your target consumers.”
The thing about influencers is they don't always fit the mold you might expect. They tend to be average people with gregarious personalities and large personal networks who are interested in talking about a subject that interests them. By connecting with these folks, you gain direct access to their followers — who just so happen to be your customers.
It can take a while to build relationships with the right social influencers, but make some time in your daily schedule to create movement in this area. It's not something that will happen over a single email or interaction. Months of hard work usually go into forging these relationships.
Do What Others Aren't Willing to Do
At a conference where he was speaking, marketer John Jantsch was recently asked to explain the secret to success in the industry. Despite being blindsided by the question, Jantsch knew he had the answer.
“My answer wasn't a secret so much as a truth — the secret to success is to be willing to do the things that others aren't and be prepared to do them for a really long time,” Jantsch explained.
While that isn't the sexy answer — and probably not the one the conference attendee was hoping for — it's the truth. You can't just copy what everyone else is doing and then wonder why people aren't being receptive to what you're throwing at them. In reality, your actions say that you're just hoping to blend in.
Want to make your marketing stand out in a way that resonates with people and gets your brand noticed? Do what others aren't willing to do. Seek out unique avenues. Learn how to align yourself with the right people. Create stellar content that you're proud to attach your name to. These things may not be easy, but they work. That's what it all comes down to. If you want to stand out, you've got to know when to blaze your own trail.
MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — Retired Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn this week resigned from his position as national security adviser amid revelations that he misrepresented the nature of his phone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the United States.
Even though Flynn is out, Democrats and critics are calling for investigations and question whether he violated the Logan Act, a law dating back to 1799, which prohibits unauthorized individuals from communicating with foreign governments.
House Democrats on the Oversight and Government Reform committee Tuesday sent a letter to chairman Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, asking him to reconsider launching an investigation into Flynn and his ties to Russia as the congressman advised critics to “move on” and not to “dwell on the situation or pile on.”
The White House has cited an “eroding level of trust” in Flynn and not illegal activity to explain why President Trump asked for his resignation, adding that its counsel had determined there were no legal issues.
But the letter from Democrats, citing media reports, says Flynn “secretly discussed with the Russian ambassador, in possible violation of the Logan Act, sanctions imposed by President Obama.”
Here's an explanation of the 218-year-old law:
What is the Logan Act?
The Logan Act was signed into law Jan. 30, 1799, by President John Adams, the second U.S. president.
The measure, amended in 1994, states that any U.S. citizen without authority who “directly or indirectly” communicates with a foreign government, officer or agent in dispute with the United States “shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both.”
The Logan Act was named after George Logan, a doctor and friend of then-Vice President Thomas Jefferson who negotiated with France in 1798 without authorization from the president. After the French Revolution, France and the United States had tensions that President Adams tried but failed to smooth over.
When Logan arrived in France unauthorized and was successful in easing the tensions, Adams recommended Congress put an end to the “temerity and impertinence of individuals affecting to interfere in public affairs between France and the United States.”
Why some critics argue Flynn is in violation of the Logan Act
Trump named Flynn as his national security adviser on Nov. 18. Before Trump was sworn in as president, Flynn had discussed sanctions with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak the same day the measure were imposed by the Obama administration, current and former U.S. officials confirmed to ABC News last week.
What the White House is saying
The White House counsel conducted a “thorough review” to determine whether there were any legal issues with Flynn's actions and concluded there were not, according to White House press secretary Sean Spicer.
“There was nothing that the general did that was a violation of any sort,” Spicer said of Flynn in a press briefing Tuesday. “He was well within his duties to discuss issues of common concerns between the two countries.”
Is Flynn in violation of the Logan Act?
“This is not a statute that we actually ever use today. Ever,” University of Texas law professor Stephen Vladeck told ABC News.
“I think the Logan Act is a red herring and I think it's a red herring for a couple of different reasons. One: It's almost never been used in the 218 years it's on the books. There's never been an actual conviction under the statute,” Vladeck said. “Two: It raises serious constitutional questions that I think would dissuade even the most zealous prosecutor from trying a case under the Logan Act.”
Philip Holloway, a legal analyst and former constitutional law adjunct professor, elaborated.
“There are a number of reasons why Lt. Gen. Flynn would not face criminal prosecution of the Logan Act. First reason is that most people agree that it's unconstitutional. It's unconstitutional in at least two ways. In my view the first is that it violates the First Amendment, which, of course, protects freedom of speech and freedom of association,” Holloway told ABC News.
The second reason, according to Holloway, is that the Logan Act is also unconstitutionally vague.
“Vagueness is one reason that courts sometimes will strike down laws. Criminal laws need to be specific enough so that someone will know when they're in violation of it,” Holloway said.
Former Deputy Attorney Assistant General Tom Dupree Jr. told ABC News, “Like many federal criminal laws, this statute is drafted exceedingly broadly. Unlike other criminal laws, you don't have a rich body judicial precedent to narrow the scope of the law. All that said, I think a Logan Act prosecution would likely face serious constitutional difficulties.”
Even hypothetically, legal analyst Holloway said he “could not stand in court and make the argument that that is a private person” because Flynn was an official member of the Trump transition team and national security adviser appointee at the time of his conversations with Kislyak.
Professor Vladeck said, “It's not clear to me that a member of the transition team like Gen. Flynn is even violating the Logan Act in so far it's not clear that he's acting ‘without the authority of the United States.'”
So why does the Logan Act keep coming up?
“It's an easy branch to reach for if you're trying to criticize a political opponent on more than just policy grounds,” Vladeck said.
Apart from apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence, Vladeck said, there could be “a real potential issue” if he misrepresented information to the FBI.
“Because whereas the Logan Act may be an [anachronism],” Vladeck said, “the federal false statements statute is not.”
He added, “But you would need the Department of Justice to want to pursue such a prosecution.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — In one week the next school in Miami-Dade and the county's public school bus drivers want to be sure they are ready.
Monday morning more than 1,100 buses, many equipped with WiFi and GPS, hit the road to practice their routes.
It's a massive operation, considering they will be transporting nearly 55,000 Miami-Dade County school children daily via 881 routes.
It's a massive undertaking that, for first-time drivers like Rogelio Cobos, required focus.
“It's about the children,” he said. “To safely bring them from point A to point B.”
Even for seasoned pros like Greg Allen, who's been behind the wheel of a school bus for 35 years, he still needs to prepare. Practice is important so there won't be any mistakes. He said when the kids arrive that's when things really get hectic.
“The drivers' not locating the house pickups, it's a lot more difficult than looking for a street stop,” he said.
Miami-Dade Public Schools Superintendent Alberto Carvalho was front and center amid preps for the new school year.
“Delivering the future on time @MDCPS. Safety and readiness are crucial to our transportation fleet professionals,” he posted on Twitter.
The superintendent urged parents to speak to their children about restraint and respect while riding the bus.
Carvalho said for parents unfamiliar with their children's bus routes, they are up on the Dadeschools Mobile app. Parents can also use the app can find out what their children will be eating, their class schedule, grades and get school information, among other things. The app is available for iPhones and Android phones.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
He has a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — It happens every spring. The snow melts and what's piled up along the roads over the winter begins to appear. Carla from Edina noticed the trash along the highways, so she wants to know: Who picks it up? Good Question.
We can't just blame the people throwing trash out their car windows for the 1.2 million pounds of trash collected along 10,000 miles of Minnesota state highways each year. Last year, the Minnesota State Patrol gave 26 citations and 30 warnings for littering.
“Sometimes people's garbage cans are blowing over and that can be carried in the wind and it gets caught in those fences,” says MnDOT's Kirsten Klein. “A lot of people tend not to secure their loads that are on the back of their truck, that can blow out onto the roadway.”
MnDOT crews pick up trash along the busier roadways like I-94, I-35W and I-35E out of safety concerns. MnDOT also contracts with counties for low-risk offenders in the Sentencing to Serve program to help with clean-up as well. But, the bulk of the work – 75 percent — is done by Adopt-A-Highway volunteer crews. MnDOT asks those groups to go out twice a year between April and December.
Generally, MnDOT does not close highways for pick-up work. But, in 2016, a volunteer group did pick up trash along I-94 when the road was closed for the weekend due to scheduled construction work.
Klein says the job of picking up trash is never-ending and can be made more challenging in windy conditions. Minnesotans will call MnDOT asking why the certain roads are littered two weeks after they were picked up.
Then the wind comes and the next week…
“You can't tell they've been out there,” says Klein.
MnDOT estimates Adopt-A-Highway programs save the agency $7-million per year. There is a wait list for the volunteer groups in the Twin Cities, but plenty of places to adopt outside the metro area. You can find more information at MnDOT's website.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Image copyright Getty Images
Veterans Affairs nominee Ronny Jackson needed a lifeline. The president threw him an anchor.
His candidacy to head the second-largest bureaucracy in the US government was in trouble before Donald Trump openly wondered why Dr Jackson would want the job he had only recently offered him. Now, with allegations of professional misconduct swirling around him, it seems like only a matter of time before the nomination disappears beneath the waves.
So what exactly was the president thinking when he tapped Dr Jackson for the job in the first place? The White House physician didn't have a resume that indicted he'd be qualified for the position, and as it's clear there was little in the way of background vetting performed on the nominee.
When it comes to personal moves, however, the Jackson choice fits with Mr Trump's management style. He's reportedly pushing his personal pilot as head the Federal Aviation Administration and appointed his caddy-turned-golf-club-manager-turned-campaign-aide as White House social media director.
It's a practice that dates back to Mr Trump's business days. Matthew Calamari, chief operation officer of Trump Properties, first caught Mr Trump's attention when he worked security at the US Open tennis tournament. Michael Cohen, the president's personal lawyer - now under federal investigation - initially encountered Mr Trump when he served on the condo board at a Trump-owned building.
If the president likes someone he moves quickly and doesn't hesitate to put that individual in a position of responsibility.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Hiring former reality television star Omarosa Manigault as a White House aide was another unconventional Trump personnel move
"When I hire people, I interview them for 20 minutes, or 10 minutes, or three minutes, and I hire them," Mr Trump explained to the late New York gossip columnist Liz Smith.
Why not install Omarosa Manigault, the temperamental star of the first season of Mr Trump's reality television show, as director of communications at the White House Office of Public Liaison? Is Lawrence Kudlow doing a good job defending the Trump presidency on a cable business news network? He might make a good director of the president's National Economic Council.
Perhaps it is because he values what he sees as character over experience and likes challenging people he thinks are up to the task. It also means that Mr Trump's picks owe more to Trump the man than if they had worked their way up through traditional channels, making contacts and establishing a professional reputation along the way.
For Mr Trump, loyalty is the coin of the realm.
While this method may have worked for Mr Trump as head of a closely held private business, the risks at a national political level - where the spotlight comes quickly and shines brightly - have become quite obvious.
The president's picks for labour secretary (Andrew Puzder), White House communications director (Jason Miller), deputy commerce secretary (Todd Ricketts), undersecretary of agriculture (Sam Clovis), drug czar (Tom Marion) and Army secretary (Vincent Viola and Mark Green) are among the more than two dozen presidential nominations and appointments that have been derailed for a variety of allegations of personal or professional questions, irregularities or misconduct.
The Trump administration has had more than its share of personnel misfires, with Dr Jackson's as just the latest glaring example.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Once a month KCPD Chief Darryl Forte joins the FOX 4 Morning Show to chat about issues around the area.
Wednesday, Feb. 15, Chief Forte discussed how he is partnering with the community to help reduce the crime rate.
"So many people doing so many things out there," Chief Forte said. "So I want to bring those people together."
Chief Forte says he's targeting neighborhood leaders who best know their specific community to generate ways to help reduce the crime rate.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
CLEARWATER, Fla. — According to Masahiro Tanaka, his sparkling spring training numbers aren't as good as they look.
“I will take the results of how I did this spring thus far,” Tanaka said after throwing 5¹/₃ shutout innings in a 7-3 win over the Phillies on Wednesday at Spectrum Field. In 18²/₃ frames this spring, Tanaka has not allowed a run. “Look at today's game and I felt like I was all over the place. My command definitely could have been sharper. A bunch of adjustments need to be made.”
Tanaka, who will face the Rays on Opening Day, April 2, in St. Petersburg, Fla., allowed three hits and fanned three in his next-to-last spring tune-up.
Joe Girardi said Tanaka's final start of spring training likely will be Tuesday.
The Yankees have the option of pitching Tanaka in a minor league game Monday. That would give the ace five days of rest before facing the Rays instead of the four he would get after working against the Tigers on Tuesday night. Five days against four became an issue last year, when Tanaka was significantly better with longer rest.
“He was really good again,” Girardi said of Tanaka, who stretched out to 83 pitches. “His spring has been outstanding. He has one more start to get ready and is in a really good spot.”
Your browser does not support iframes.
Tanaka isn't the first hurler to dominate spring training, but the list of players who have been as impressive under the palm trees isn't long.
“You see it sometime but not very often,” Girardi said. “He came in further along than he has in the past. I think it really has helped out.”
Right-handed reliever Ernesto Frieri worked a scoreless inning of relief in his second appearance after signing a minor league deal March 16 with the Yankees.
“He showed up late but is not behind,” Girardi said of Frieri, who pitched for Colombia in the World Baseball Classic.
A group of Yankees veterans continue to take care of the younger players when it comes to tipping the visiting clubhouse attendants. Chase Headley, Brett Gardner and Starlin Castro tipped the workers for themselves and the younger players Wednesday at Spectrum Field.
“Marcus Giles,'' Headley said when asked what veteran did that for him with the Padres.
Chris Carter whiffed in all three at-bats and has 20 strikeouts in 37 at-bats this spring. It makes you wonder how long until the Yankees ditch the plan to play the right-handed hitter against lefty pitchers when the regular season starts — especially with the way Greg Bird is hitting.
Carrot Top was at Spectrum Field to throw out the first pitch and immediately drew comparisons to Clint Frazier due to his mop of red hair. Frazier made the trip to Clearwater but didn't play. He is hitting .316 in 19 games.
LONDON: Gold firmed on Wednesday, recovering from the previous session's near two-week low, but moves were muted as traders awaited the outcome of the Federal Reserve's latest policy meeting.
Gold is highly sensitive to rising US interest rates, which increase the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion while boosting the dollar.
Markets await fresh clues on policy after scaling back their expectations for further US rate hikes this year over the last few months. Spot gold was up 0.1 percent at $1,266.27 an ounce at 1150 GMT, having touched its weakest since June 2 on Tuesday at $1,259.16.
US gold futures for August delivery were down 50 cents an ounce at $1,268.10. Equity markets climbed, though concerns about stretched valuations and caution ahead of the near-certain rate hike kept a lid on gains. The dollar held steady against a currency basket. Silver also climbed, up 0.5 percent at $16.95 an ounce after hitting its lowest in nearly a month the previous day at $16.68. Platinum, which also hit a near one-month low of $918.50 on Tuesday, was down 0.3 percent at $920.25 an ounce. Palladium, which hit a 16-year high last week at $914.70, was down 0.2 percent at $880.50 per ounce.
“The palladium price is expected to see a correction in the short term after the exaggerated increase in the last few weeks,” Commerzbank said in a note. “Afterward the palladium price should rise to $850 per troy ounce by year-end due to the expected large supply deficit and the positive price trend in precious metals in general.”
LONDON: Gold firmed on Wednesday, recovering from the previous session's near two-week low, but moves were muted as traders awaited the outcome of the Federal Reserve's latest policy meeting.
Gold is highly sensitive to rising US interest rates, which increase the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion while boosting the dollar.
Markets await fresh clues on policy after scaling back their expectations for further US rate hikes this year over the last few months. Spot gold was up 0.1 percent at $1,266.27 an ounce at 1150 GMT, having touched its weakest since June 2 on Tuesday at $1,259.16.
US gold futures for August delivery were down 50 cents an ounce at $1,268.10. Equity markets climbed, though concerns about stretched valuations and caution ahead of the near-certain rate hike kept a lid on gains. The dollar held steady against a currency basket. Silver also climbed, up 0.5 percent at $16.95 an ounce after hitting its lowest in nearly a month the previous day at $16.68. Platinum, which also hit a near one-month low of $918.50 on Tuesday, was down 0.3 percent at $920.25 an ounce. Palladium, which hit a 16-year high last week at $914.70, was down 0.2 percent at $880.50 per ounce.
“The palladium price is expected to see a correction in the short term after the exaggerated increase in the last few weeks,” Commerzbank said in a note. “Afterward the palladium price should rise to $850 per troy ounce by year-end due to the expected large supply deficit and the positive price trend in precious metals in general.”
If you aren't paying for a service, the old adage goes, then chances are that you are the product.
But Facebook FB, -3.89% asserted otherwise in a blog post on Monday explaining its advertising policies, saying that its product is social media, not the users themselves. “It's the same with a free search engine, website or newspaper,” Facebook wrote. “The core product is reading the news or finding information – and the ads exist to fund that experience.”
The company's claim that users are not the product is disingenuous, said Bill Ottman, social media security expert and CEO of Minds.com.
“The fact that users do not have the ability to opt-out of personal data collection makes users the product, with no sovereignty,” he said. “Facebook's claim that all free search engines, websites or newspapers do the same is a clear deflection. Poor behavior, regardless how many people or businesses participate in it, does not justify the bad behavior.”
Facebook is caught between real news, fake news — and your news
On the one hand, Facebook's latest post contends that news and information is the product, which is generated by companies hoping to attract readers. On the other hand, Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has already said the site's news feed will prioritize personal stories, which are generated by the users themselves.
In this sense, Facebook is peddling neither social media nor news in the traditional sense, said Jason Beckerman, chief executive officer of business intelligence platform Unified, but something in between.
See also: This is why most people want to delete Facebook — it has nothing to do with privacy
“Essentially, it is news constructed about your humanity; your family, friends, interests, content, etc. I think we have to remember that Facebook, just like all social platforms, is a business. Sometimes this is easy to forget because these types of businesses are still new to us.”
Under new European Union regulation called General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) companies will be required to allow users to opt out of data collection. In Facebook's case, it is apparently telling users who want to opt out to delete their accounts.
Bold GDPR prep by Facebook. In a nutshell: "Don't want us using your data for ad targeting? Go away then." pic.twitter.com/rAdK9jkDBX — Damien Cross (@ToTheEndDamien) April 20, 2018
A spokesman from Facebook said that screenshot shows what happens when users opt not to agree to its terms of service, which include how information is collected for ads. If a user decides to delete his or her account Facebook will delete their information from its servers, the spokesman said.
Experts say you — and not your news feed — is the product
The company's post is the latest in a series of explanations and apologies after its partnership with data firm Cambridge Analytica mined the personal data of 87 million Facebook users. Cambridge Analytica worked with President Donald Trump's 2016 election campaign.
More evidence that your data, and not the news you find on Facebook, is the product: Scott Relf, chief executive officer of social media app PikMobile, noted that deleting an account on Facebook doesn't necessarily guarantee privacy. The company can still use information gleaned from any other account you open on its partnered companies, including WhatsApp or Instagram.
While being grilled by Congress over Facebook's privacy policies, Zuckerberg alluded to rumor the company makes ‘shadow profiles' of users who have never signed up for the service but who are known through their friends' activities. “In general, we collect data on people who have not signed up for Facebook for security purposes,” he said.
How to adjust your Facebook privacy settings
Besides deleting a Facebook account entirely, users concerned about privacy can revoke access granted to connected apps, tighten security settings, turn off location services, and limit visibility on the site.
In response to the scandal, about 14% of users deleted their accounts, according to a survey of 5,000 people from Blind, an anonymous social app for professionals, and 24% tightened up their privacy settings.
Zuckerberg denies that there's been widespread deletions of deactivations. ”I don't think we've seen a meaningful number of people act on that,” he said.
Facebook told users in its post Monday they can change how ads target them under the “About You” section in “Ad Preferences.” There, users can turn off ads that target them based on what websites they visit and delete the list of interests— things like origami or Yorkies — that the algorithm has gleaned from their habits.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Popular Hip Hop singer Ice Prince and veteran comedian, Seyi Law have been honoured with the Peace Achievers Awards organised by the Peace Ambassador Agency, an organisation that promotes national peace.
According to a recent report, the duo received the awards at the 6th anniversary of the annual Miss Peace Achievers Awards held on Sunday in Abuja. The Plateau State born artiste received Musician of the Year / Peace Builder award, while Seyi Law got the Comedian of the Year / Peace Builder award.
Other celebrities that were honoured are fast rising Nollywood actress, Regina Daniels and Singer Praise.
According to the project director of the organization, Mr Kingsely Amafibe, the artistes were recognized for contributions to the growth of the Nigerian entertainment industry which has empowered many youths thereby promoting peaceful co-existence.
He added that some of the recipients had also been involved in humanitarian gestures over the year which has promoted social peace and harmony which was in consonance with the objectives of the organization.
“These veterans have contributed a lot in building social harmony and peaceful co-existence in Nigeria using the entertainment industry. They entertain and bring happiness to Nigeria, which are crucial keys to peace inspite of tribal and religious differences.
In his remark, Ice Prince expressed delight that the award was an indication that the society was interested in what celebrities do. He therefore pledged his continuous commitment towards growing the entertainment industry: “I hope to strive to continue to put in my best both as a professional and a patriotic citizen of this great nation”, he said.
The 2017 edition of the prestigious awards cuts across over 20 categories with recipients picked from various fields of human endeavour. Other recipients of the Peace Achievers Award are: the Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen. Tukur Burotai, who was honoured with the Award for Excellence in Peace Keeping and the minister of state for petroleum, Dr Ibe Kachukwu and Mr Kenneth Emejuru who was honoured with Young entrepreneur of the Year award.
The peace achievers award is a flagship initiative of the Peace Ambassador Agency. The organization promotes tolerance and peaceful co-existence by organizing beauty pageants, peace education targeted mainly at the youths, trains and empowers students of higher institutions and other youth communities irrespective of their religious and cultural backgrounds.
Image copyright Met Police Image caption Kim Briggs died after being injured while crossing Old Street in Shoreditch in February
A cyclist who knocked over and killed a woman posted on online forums the crash was "her fault", the Old Bailey heard.
Charlie Alliston, of Trothy Road, Bermondsey, was 18 when he allegedly hit Kim Briggs while going 20mph in central London in February 2016.
Mrs Briggs, 44, suffered brain injuries, including two skull fractures and died in hospital days later.
In what is believed to be a legal first, Mr Alliston, now 20, is on trial for manslaughter, which he denies.
He also denies causing bodily harm by wanton or furious driving.
HR consultant Mrs Briggs, of Lewisham, south London, had been on her lunch break when the crash happened.
'Not my fault'
The jury heard Alliston had been riding a "fixie" - a fixed wheel track bicycle with no front brake used by track racing cyclists - which is not legal on the road without modification.
A few days after the incident in Old Street, Shoreditch, Mr Alliston posted a comment online, claiming he had tried to warn Mrs Briggs but that she had "ignored me" and "stopped dead" in his path, the court heard.
The jury was told he wrote: "I feel bad due to the seriousness of her injuries but I can put my hand up and say this is not my fault."
Image copyright PA Image caption Charlie Alliston said Mrs Briggs had "ignored me" and "stopped dead" in his path on online forums, the court heard
On the forum he described how their heads collided and hers "ricocheted" into his, the trial heard.
He wrote: "It is a pretty serious incident so I won't bother saying she deserved it. It was her fault but she did not deserve it."
He went on to claim in the forum Mrs Briggs had been on her mobile phone at the time of the incident, the court heard.
Jurors at the Old Bailey were shown CCTV footage of the collision on 12 February and were told the defendant had been riding a black PlanetX carbon frame fixed rear pedal cycle.
That type of bike is more commonly seen racing at the Olympic velodrome, jurors were told.
If Mr Alliston had been riding a bike with proper brakes, he would have been able to avoid the collision with Mrs Briggs, prosecutor Duncan Penny QC said.
The trial continues.
Share On more Share On more
Cynthia Nixon, actor, lifelong New Yorker, and now politician, announced Monday afternoon she would be running for governor of her home state.
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX
Nixon, who's best known for her work in the long-running late-'90s, early '00s HBO television series, Sex and the City , will now officially challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in the September Democratic primary.
"New York is my home," says Nixon in her video declaring her candidacy. "I've never lived anywhere else."
"When I grew up here, it was just my mom and me in a one-bedroom, fifth-floor walk-up," Nixon continues, as the video displays footage of her interacting with her partner, Christine Marinoni, and their children.
Nixon then calls for "our government to work again" before listing problems such as health care, mass incarceration, and the broken New York City subway system.
"We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us," she said.
BuzzFeed News has reached out to Cuomo's office for comment, as well as Nixon's camp for further comment.
Key dates in Theresa May's tenure as UK prime minister
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
REP. LINDA MYERS
We are done!
The longest legislative session I have experienced in my 17 years in the Vermont House of Representatives ended on Friday, June 29 when Speaker of the House Mitzi Johnson brought her gavel down at 11:51 a.m. declaring adjournment.
In last week's Reporter, Rep. Bob Bancroft gave you the report of the final full day of the session on Friday, June 22. The House met for a few hours on Monday, June 25 to reconsider the final vote on H.16, the budget/tax bill that had caused confusion for most House members on Friday. Two amendments were offered, both were defeated. A final voice vote was called and H.16 passed almost verbatim to the bill unanimously approved by the Senate the previous week. All that was left for the 2017-2018 legislative biennium was the fall of the gavel in the House and Senate on June 29. At that time the Governor had indicated he would let the bill become law without his signature.
While I continue to have issues with the $1.58 non-residential property tax rate which is 4.5 cents more than the Governor wanted, there are many provisions in H.16 that I wholeheartedly endorse. I am pleased that there is no increase in the residential tax rate of $1.50. Especially important to me is the reduction of all personal income tax rates. Vermonters will keep $30 million by lowering income tax rates to align the state's income tax structure with federal changes. Vermonters who receive Social Security will see an income tax exemption. Single tax filers with up to $45,000 in adjusted gross income, and married filers earning up to $60,000 will be tax exempt. The education fund will benefit from dedicating 100 percent of sales and use taxes and 25 percent of rooms and meals taxes to the education fund which will replace transfers from the general fund. H. 16 also established the Public School Employee Health Benefits Commission that will create a single state-wide allocation of premium expenses and out of pocket health care costs between public-employees and school districts.
The bill included a housing bond that will leverage an additional $100 million in private investment, the single biggest housing investment ever made in Vermont. And, of the most importance to me, H. 16 secured free college tuition to the University of Vermont and Vermont's State Colleges for members of the Vermont National Guard and enhanced licensing reciprocity for veterans to help grow the State's workforce with skilled employees in high-demand workforce sectors.
In my opinion, this was an extremely difficult year in the Legislature. I have seen an increase in partisanship greater than in years passed. Legislators worked hard to break an impasse at the end of the session but failed in the last day of the session. A fellow legislator commented recently that “the Legislature is a hard place to work, the hours are long, the demands many, the compensation little.” And that is true. But for me there are rewards in seeing bills that one has championed pass into law and having the opportunity to honor Essex residents with resolutions and honors to praise their accomplishments. It has been my pleasure to serve the Chittenden 8-1 district since 2002, and I hope to continue to do so in the 2019-2020 biennium. Thank you for your emails, letters and phone calls. Your support over the years has been very much appreciated. I will be available throughout the remainder of the year to help you with questions and concerns.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Nobody in Philadelphia feels all that jolly today, or much in a mood to reflect on going from last to first in one whirlwind season. Fans there — and let me be honest, in all of my text messages, because I am from Eastern Pennsylvania — are hoping that Carson Wentz's ACL can defy expectations, that him limping off was a bad dream, that this year — finally Philly's year — could go on the way it was supposed to.
Yet it is worth marveling at the way the Eagles turned what probably should have been a building year into a soaring one and, more so, how the NFL as it is currently constituted makes this happen on pretty much a yearly basis.
According to Mike Signora, the NFL's VP of football communications, the Eagles clinching the NFC East means this is the 14th season in the last 15 that at least one team has gone from worst to first (it has happened a total of 22 times over that span).
And with Carolina, Jacksonville and San Diego all vying to win their divisions, four teams could end up going worst-to-first — which would be an NFL record.
And it's all but certain that at least four teams that didn't make the playoffs last year will this year, as has been the case every year since the expansion to 12 teams in 1990.
This is probably how you'd want to run a league if in fact it was your job to run a league. NFL fans can have *legitimate* hope each and every August that their team will rise. Even you, Giants fans. It might get better!
Philadelphia fans know better than anyone the other side of it: they endured The Process, where the Sixers willingly stopped trying to compete at basketball so that they could be allowed to draft better basketball players. The tanking lasted years, the developing — in which they are given a chance to watch Ben Simmons and Joel Embiid together on the floor — has only just started in earnest.
The Eagles had one bad year, grabbed Carson Wentz, let him play and then surrounded him with capable — but not big-ticket (SI gave the Eagles a B- grade) — free agents. They clinched a division title against the Los Angeles Rams, who went 4-12 last year but found a new coach and are now 9-4.
It's probably worth noting that even as the NFL's most powerful owner, Jerry Jones, tries to stall a contract extension for commissioner Roger Goodell, others in the league have stood firm. There's more than one thing driving that stance — many owners are just tired of Jerry always wanting and usually getting his way — but having this sort of continued parity surely works in Goodell's favor. The commissioner has rightly been criticized for mishandling issues like the league's response to domestic violence, the lasting effects of brain trauma and the controversy around protesting players, but in the end fans considering whether to buy season tickets or spend a few hours in front of the TV crave one thing most of all: a chance to see their team win. And the league has largely delivered that.
A poor country even by West African standards, landlocked Burkina Faso has suffered from recurring droughts and military coups.
Burkina Faso, which means "land of honest men", has significant reserves of gold, but the country has faced domestic and external concern over the state of its economy and human rights.
A former French colony, it gained independence as Upper Volta in 1960.
In 1983 Capt Thomas Sankara seized power and adopted radical left-wing policies but was ousted by Blaise Compaore, who went on to rule for 27 years before being ousted in a popular uprising in 2014.
Read more country profiles - Profiles by BBC Monitoring
FACTS
Burkina Faso Capital: Ouagadougou Population 17.4 million
Area 274,200 sq km (105,870 sq miles)
Major languages French, indigenous languages
Major religions Indigenous beliefs, Islam, Christianity
Life expectancy 55 years (men), 57 years (women)
Currency CFA (Communaute Financiere Africaine) franc Getty Images
LEADER
President: Roch Marc Kabore
Image copyright Getty Images
Marc Kabore, who served as prime minister and speaker of parliament under veteran President Blaise Compaore, won the November 2015 presidential election, easily beating his main rival.
The intervening year before Mr Kabore's election saw considerable turmoil, including an attempted coup by troops loyal to the ousted president in September 2015.
A French-educated banker, Mr Kabore sees himself as a social democrat, and has pledged to reduce youth unemployment, improve education and healthcare, and make health provision for children under six free of charge.
Kabore was a long-standing Compaore loyalist, but he quit as chairman of the then-president's Congress for Democracy and Progress party in 2014 over the head of state's plans to amend the constitution to extend his 27-year rule.
MEDIA
Image copyright Getty Images
TIMELINE
Some key events in Burkina Faso's history:
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Thomas Sankara, also known as "Africa's Che Guevara", seized power in 1983 and tried to introduce major reforms. He was killed in a coup led by his successor Blaise Compaore
896 - Kingdoms now making up Burkina Faso become a French protectorate, later known as Upper Volta.
1960 - Upper Volta becomes independent with Maurice Yameogo as president. He is overthrown in 1966 by Sangoule Lamizana.
1980 - President Lamizana is ousted in coup led by Saye Zerbo, who is overthrown two years later by Jean-Baptiste Ouedraogo, ushering in a period of unrest and power struggles.
1984 - Upper Volta renamed Burkina Faso.
1990 - Blaise Compaore, who assumed power when he ousted and killed then-leader Capt Thomas Sankara in 1987, introduces limited democratic reforms. He remains in power for 27 years.
2000 - Government agrees to set up UN-run body to monitor weapons imports after allegations that it has been involved in smuggling arms to rebels in Sierra Leone and Angola.
2011 - Months of unrest, including a mutiny.
2014 - President Compaore steps aside following massive protests against plans to extend his rule. A transitional government takes charge.
2015 - Acting President Kafando faces down coup attempt by presidential guard allies of Blaise Compaore. In November, former Prime Minister Roch Marc Christian Kabore wins presidential election.
2016 - Islamists attack a hotel and cafe frequented by the French military and other expatriates, killing 29 people.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Germany grapples with rise of fake news ahead of general election
5 things to watch in Alabama's high stakes Senate race
hello
WASHINGTON -- As Alabama votes to fill the seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, the choice between Republican Roy Moore and Democrat Doug Jones has taken on outsized significance. Moore has faced allegations of sexual misconduct with teenagers, dividing the GOP and giving Democrats hope of picking up a seat in a reliably red state. Here is what to look for in Tuesday night's results:
WHAT IS THE TRUMP DRAW?
Alabama has once already proven the bounds of President Donald Trump's political influence. He endorsed Moore's GOP rival, Sen. Luther Strange, in the September primary, campaigning for him in Alabama hours before he was trounced by the state's conservative voters. Now Trump has wagered a greater sum on Moore's candidacy. The president resisted calls from his party's senior leadership to abandon Moore after the sexual misconduct allegations surfaced. He directed the Republican National Committee to re-enter the race on Moore's behalf, repeatedly attacked Jones, and recorded last-minute robo-calls on the Republican's behalf. A GOP defeat in the deep-red state would speak to the limits of Trump's ability to sway and motivate Republican voters.
WILL DEMOCRATIC TURNOUT EFFORTS PAY OFF?
In recent days, Democrats have pulled out the stops for Jones, including recorded calls from former President Barack Obama and visits from high-profile surrogates. They're trying to boost turnout among those most likely to be aggravated by Moore's controversial past, including black voters, and make inroads with suburban women_who proved to be pivotal to Democratic victories last month. Strong turnout and Democratic gains on both those fronts could point to trouble for Moore, and for the GOP going into next year.
WILL DEMOCRATS END THEIR SPECIAL ELECTION BAD LUCK?
Despite a ripe political climate, high-profile coverage, and huge injections of cash, Democrats are winless in five contests for vacant Republican congressional seats this year. All have been held in reliably Republican strongholds, but the defeats have still taken their toll on a party in a struggle for its identity. Wins in Virginia, New Jersey, and Maine in the November off-year election have provided some sorely-needed optimism for the 2018 midterms, and a Senate seat pick-up in Alabama would add pep to the party's step.
HOW WILL IT AFFECT RETIREMENTS?
Sensing a difficult midterm election looming, 16 Republican members of the House and two in the Senate have already announced they will not run again next year. The retirement gap_only six Democrats in the House and one in the Senate have said they won't run_can be an early indicator of what's to come in a midterm election. (A more even split of retirements exists for lawmakers retiring from Congress to seek other office.) Republican leaders are anticipating more retirements on their side from lawmakers in competitive seats where members are facing challenging and expensive contests. A Democratic victory statewide in Alabama could foretell a dire year ahead for Republicans, which could send more Republicans to announce their departures on their own terms.
WAS MOORE WORTH IT?
The Republican Party's decision to maintain support for Roy Moore stands to be a defining choice for years to come. The party chose to embrace a one-time pariah for reasons of political expediency, and then doubled-down in the face of troubling allegations of sexual assault and harassment. For the president, it's a matter of practicality_a loss would narrow the GOP's thin majority in the Senate even further at a time when his agenda faces critical tests. But other Republicans worry it's a short-term ploy that has sacrificed their moral authority and that may come back to haunt them in the coming year. Republican lawmakers have spent the past months struggling to answer questions about Moore and his long history of divisive comments, and should he win, his presence will loom large in the Capitol and on the campaign trail. If Moore keeps the Senate seat in Republican hands, it may justify the backlash for some GOP officials. If he loses, the GOP has stuck by a candidate despite accusations of sexual impropriety, and who has alienated vast swaths of the electorate, with nothing to show for it.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "794","competition": "111","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832909","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "794","competition": "111","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832909","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "794","competition": "111","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832909","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "794","competition": "111","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832909","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
GALVESTON, Texas - A man called the Galveston Police Department on Tuesday morning, saying someone had just lit him on fire, officers said.
Officials received the 911 call just before 6 a.m., from a man in the 500 block of 21st Street, according to a news release from police.
When authorities from the Galveston Fire Department and Galveston EMS arrived, they found the man with burns on his hands and face. Some of this clothing was still on fire, police said.
The victim was taken to the John Sealy Emergency Room. The man is expected to survive, officers said.
Police are pursuing what they called “a solid lead,” and they know the person who will soon face charges, officers said.
“The most likely charge in this case would be aggravated assault causing serious bodily injury, a first-degree felony in the state of Texas, which carries a punishment of five to 99 years in prison with a $10,000 fine,” police said in the release.
Officers expect to release more information once charges are handed down.
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
From Christina Cordova
CONCORD, N.C. (April 24, 2018) – After two rained-out attempts to race the quarter-mile high banks of Tri-State Speedway this season, the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series will return once again on Sunday, May 13th, immediately following the two-day #LetsRaceTwo at Eldora Speedway.
“We're determined to make this race happen for our fans and drivers,” said promotor Loris Helfrich. “We're excited to have the World of Outlaws here again this year, and to continue to make history with the Series on its 40th anniversary.”
The Series makes its annual stop at the Haubstadt, Indiana track on Sunday, May 13 — so bring Mom, or at least make her breakfast that morning! Tickets from the previously scheduled events on April 14 and 22 will be honored, and all details remain the same, except for an earlier start time. Pit gates open at 2PM, Grandstands at 2:30PM, Hot Laps at 5PM, and Qualifying at 5:30PM. For tickets call the track at 812-768-5995.
Last year, the stars aligned for Parker Price-Miller at Tri-State. Inheriting the lead on Lap 18 after Sheldon Haundenschild ran into a slower car in lap traffic, causing him to do a complete 360, Price-Miller had to endure challenges from 2016 Tri-State Speedway winner David Gravel. Meticulously working his way through lap traffic, Price-Miller picked the best lanes and would go on to win his first career World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series race.
As Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal struggled through injury-plagued 2016 seasons, it seemed like they would have a better chance of renewing their venerable rivalry on the Champions Tour than in another Grand Slam final.
But thanks to an apparent Fountain of Youth in Melbourne, the duo will meet in the Australian Open final once again Sunday, a day after the Williams sisters face off in the women's final. It's the first time in the Open era that all four finalists are 30 or over.
“For me, [it's] a very, very special thing for both of us to be in the final of a major after a couple of years of having some problems,” Nadal said after his semifinal victory, an epic five-setter over Grigor Dimitrov.
They sure did have “some problems.”
The two men who dominated the tour from 2005-10 fell on hard times — relatively speaking — in recent years. Federer, 35, sat out six months last year due to a knee injury, and Nadal, 30, battled a bad wrist.
Those setbacks led to Federer entering the Australian Open as the No. 17 seed, while Nadal was No. 9, but that won't matter Sunday, when they will meet at Rod Laver Arena for the ninth time in a Grand Slam final.
Nadal is 6-2 in those meetings, though it will be the first time they will square off in a major final since the 2011 French Open. The most recent matchup in Australia came in 2014, when Nadal won in straight sets in the semifinals.
That was just another victory in the rivalry for Nadal, whose dominance in head-to-head matchups — he holds a 23-11 advantage — is the major blemish on Federer's credentials as the best in tennis history.
“Rafa's definitely presented the biggest challenge,” Federer said after his five-set semifinal win over Stan Wawrinka. “I played him too many times on clay early in my career, and it affected how I played him on other surfaces. This court allows me to play offense.”
Federer could have an advantage Sunday, having played a day earlier than Nadal, on the blue hardcourts of Melbourne.
Federer hasn't captured a Grand Slam title since 2012, when he won Wimbledon for the seventh time. Nadal is set to appear in his first Grand Slam final since the 2014 French Open, where he won his record ninth crown on the red clay.
“I never, ever in my wildest dream felt I was going to be coming this far in Australia, and here I am,” Federer said. “It's beautiful. I'm so happy.”
Nadal expressed similar feelings.
“I worked a lot this month and a half at home,” Nadal said. “I never, ever dreamed to be back in the final of the second tournament of the year. … Here I am. I feel lucky.”
Federer is the all-time men's leader in Grand Slam titles with 17, while Nadal is tied for second with Pete Sampras at 14.
“[It's] special to play with Roger again in a final of a Grand Slam,” Nadal said. “I cannot lie. [It's] exciting for me and for both of us that we're still there and we're still fighting for important events.”
Especially since their last meeting was canceled because neither was healthy when Federer visited Nadal's tennis academy in Mallorca, Spain, in the fall.
“We were supposed to play an exhibition match,” Nadal said. “But he was injured with his knee and me with my wrist. We hit some balls with the juniors. … Both of us never felt we're going to be here in the final of the Australian Open.”
Tim Gurner, Australian millionaire and real estate aficionado, told millennials they have to stop buying avocado toast and expensive coffee to realise their dreams of buying a house. At Cafébabel we used our strongest weapons, data and research, to tell Mr. Gurner to stick his theory where the sun don't shine.
The avocado is a millennial's life source. You can barbecue it, boil it, broil it, bake it, saute it. There's avocado-kebabs, avocado creole, avocado gumbo. Pan fried, deep fried, stir-fried. There's pineapple avocado, lemon avocado, coconut avocado, pepper avocado, avocado soup, avocado stew, avocado salad, avocado and potatoes, avocado burger, avocado sandwich. And then there's avocado toast.
Avocado toast is the new currency, and Tim Gurner [NB. Australian millionaire] recently claimed that it was so precious you could cut it out of your life and end up owning a house. The 35-year-old publicly denounced millennials for misdirecting their financial priorities towards fancy coffees and luxurious food. From his moral high-horse, he insisted: “When you're spending 40 dollars a day on smashed avocado and coffees and you're not working, of course [you can't afford to buy a house].”
But Mr. Gurner forgot one small detail: when you mess with millennials, they strike back. At Cafébabel we decided to take his claim literally and took a good look at the numbers.
Choosing 25 capital cities from Europe's 28 member states (UK we still love you), we took the price of a hipster avocado toast and calculated how many years it would take to buy a 35m2 apartment in the city centre if someone was to eat one avocado toast per day. Here are the results:
Surprise, surprise! In London, you would have to give up eating avocado toasts for 473 years to buy a 35m2 apartment. That means your children and their children and maybe even their children will be void of this delicacy. In Paris, it's 'only' 143 years.
Conclusion? Not all roads lead to Rome, especially if you're counting on avocado toast as your main diet. So let's all move to Berlin, shall we?
To see the results all across Europe, take a loot at our map:
Fifteen-year-olds Shivam and Dhruv, members of the Bhatia family who were found dead under mysterious circumstances on Sunday, were bright students and had keen interest in music, teachers at their school say.
The teenagers' deceased elder sister, Meenu, who was registered as Maneka in school records, was an alumnus of the Virendra Public School (VPS) in north Delhi's Timarpur and was a school topper.
A representative of the school said they were also contacted by the investigators in connection with their probe in the case.
Class 9 students Shivam, registered as Dushyant and Dhruv (or Dhirendra) were “all-rounders”.
“They were studying here right since their childhood and were doing well in their studies. They were also into co-curricular activities. Their elder sister Maneka also passed out from our institution and was a school-topper. None of the teachers had ever had any complaints about their behaviour,” he said.
A language teacher, who taught Maneka, Dushyant and Dhirendra, said that all of them were in “shock” after hearing about the incident.
“I have taught these children and knew them well. Both of them were very intelligent. They were good in music. In fact, I have even taught their elder sister who was quite a studious girl and used to get good grades,” she recalled.
Teachers also said the parents of the two boys were regular at the parents-teachers' meeting and used to take keen interest in their children's performance in class.
“I was shocked to hear about their deaths. The parents of the children were well-qualified and used to always attend parents-teachers' meetings,” she added.
Teachers and students observed a five-minute silence on July 2, the day the school reopened after the summer vacations.
Students who used to commute with them in the same school bus from Burari to Timarpur said the brothers never fought with anyone.
“Dushyant and Dhirendra were quite obedient and I never saw them pick up a fight with anyone in the bus. They would not even fight with each other. Their parents used to always pick them up and drop them at the bus stop,” said a Class 12 student, who stays in Burari.
Ten of the 11 members of the Bhatia family were found hanging from an iron-mesh in the ceiling on July 1, while the body of 77-year-old Narayan Devi, the head of the family, was lying on the floor in another room of the house.
Devi's daughter Pratibha (57), her two sons Bhavesh (50) and Lalit Bhatia (45) were also among the deceased. Bhavesh's wife Savita (48) and their three children — Meenu (23), Nidhi (25), and Dhruv (15) — were also found dead.
Lalit Bhatia's wife Tina (42) and their 15-year-old son Shivam were also among those dead. Pratbha's daughter Priyanka (33), who was engaged last month and would have married by the end of this year, was also among the deceased.
From the section
Image copyright FOX
A stuntwoman has died in a motorcycle accident while filming Deadpool 2 in the Canadian city of Vancouver.
Police confirmed the driver was killed on Monday morning and workplace safety officials were investigating.
Witnesses described how the woman lost control of the bike, jumped a kerb and crashed into a building.
The Marvel Comics sequel stars Canadian actor Ryan Reynolds and has been filming in his hometown of Vancouver, British Columbia, since June.
The Vancouver Sun reported that city centre streets had been closed since last week to film motorcycle and scooter scenes.
The driver may have been filming a scene for the female character Domino, played by Zazie Beetz.
Photographers had spotted Beetz in costume riding a motorcycle last week.
For those of you who haven't heard about containers, they are a technology that enables rapid development and deployment of web-scale applications. One of the companies at the center of the container movement is Docker, which has recently partnered up with Microsoft to integrate Docker containers into Windows.
As a new member of the XenServer engineering team, I jumped at the opportunity to test “the most exciting new Windows feature” (Docker's words), but this excitement was short lived, as I discovered that recent changes in Windows Server 2016 meant that the documentation for the XenServer integration needed to be updated.
This is when my team informed me of the ‘finders, keepers' policy when it comes to such required improvements (not an actual Citrix policy), which meant that I was responsible for fixing the problem. Fortunately, after a number of small tweaks, we have restored XenServer integration.
Read the entire article here, Using Windows Server Containers in Windows Server 2016 with XenServer 7.0
via the fine folks at Citrix Systems, Inc.
The music world is rife with competition, but when Greg Anderson and Elizabeth Joy Roe met as piano students at the Juilliard School in 2002, they decided to pair up and launch their careers as a duo.
Since then, Anderson and Roe have earned acclaim in concerts and appearances on MTV, PBS, NPR and the BBC, released four albums on the Steinway label, and reached millions of viewers with their vivacious YouTube performance videos.
This week, they launch Chamber Music San Francisco's summer series with a program that includes works by Mozart, Gluck, Rachmaninoff, Bizet, Ravel, and Piazzolla.
Details: 3 p.m. June 3 at Del Valle Theatre, Walnut Creek, 925-943-7469, www.lesherartscenter.org; 7:30 p.m. June 4 at Oshman Jewish Community Center, Palo Alto and 8 p.m. June 5 at Herbst Theatre, San Francisco, 415-392-4400; www.chambermusicSF.org; $30-$50.
Theresa May must get a grip on her feuding Tory party
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Ridgefield Wa. — A suspected DUI driver sideswiped one car and caused a pick-up to roll over on I-5 Monday morning.
Washington State Police says a driver heading north on I-5 at a high rate of speed, first sideswiped a car before running into the back of a pickup truck at milepost 20. That collision caused the pick-up to roll over several times and come to rest in the center median.
A woman inside the pick-up was taken to the hospital with serious injuries. A 5-year-old child was in the suspects car and was also injured and taken to the hospital.
The suspected DUI driver was taken into custody at the scene of the second crash.
Photo Credit: WSP Trooper Will Finn
A brave dad — with his tot in tow — took on a knife-wielding kook who threatened to stab him and his baby across the street from Bloomingdale's on the Upper East Side, according to a report.
The father was holding his 17-month-old baby and leaving a Chase bank with another man on Friday at around 5 p.m. on Lexington Avenue and East 60th Street when he saw Matthew Van Putten, 20, waving a knife and threatening to slash them all, according to police and the report on CBS New York.
“It was a crazy guy and he pulled a knife, tried to stab us,” the unidentified father told the station. “We stopped him and put him on the floor, and asked for the cops to arrive.”
The dad added that he was acting on instinct, simply trying “to protect” his son, who was unharmed.
The other victim, who accompanied the baby's father, was cut on the hand, according to the CBS New York report.
Initially, all three men were cuffed by police until authorities sorted out what had happened.
Van Putten, who lives in Brooklyn was charged with criminal possession of a weapon, menacing and reckless endangerment.
Putten has a history of threatening strangers. In July, he was arrested for threatening to stab a 62-year-old woman while riding a southbound 4 trains near Joralemon and Court Streets, police said.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Hackers Shut Down North Carolina County, Demand Ransom
Deputies processed arrests by hand and building code officers used paper records Wednesday as one of North Carolina's largest counties considered how to respond to a hacker who froze county servers and is demanding ransom.
Mecklenburg County Manager Dena Diorio told reporters that officials face a deadline of 1 p.m. Wednesday to decide whether to pay a ransom of two bitcoin, or more than $23,000. Bitcoin is a digital currency used around the world and favored by some hackers because it can often be exchanged online anonymously.
Diorio said county electronic files have essentially been frozen after the attack that started when a county employee opened an email attachment carrying malicious software.
The county of more than 1 million residents includes North Carolina's largest city, Charlotte, though that municipality appears not to have been directly affected by the hack. The city released a statement Wednesday that its separate computer systems have not been affected and that it has severed direct connections to county computers.
Mecklenburg County Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Anjanette Flowers Grube said in an email that deputies are manually processing suspects who have been arrested because its computer system was affected. The sheriff also announced that the county jail's website wasn't displaying inmate search information that's normally easily accessible.
But Flowers Grube said the problems don't extend to processing emergency calls, which is handled by the city of Charlotte. City fire and police officials didn't immediately return messages seeking comment.
The county issued a statement on Twitter Wednesday asking residents to contact county offices before visiting to see whether they are offering services. Diorio said, for example, that the county's code enforcement office would have to rely on paper records until the outage is fixed because employees there can't access the electronic files they normally rely on.
Diorio said the county hadn't ruled out paying the ransom, but understood that could be risky.
"If you pay the bitcoin, there is always a risk they won't give you the encryption key," she told reporters.
She said the hacker didn't gain access to protected information on people's credit card data, health information or social security numbers.
An expert on cybersecurity told The Associated Press that it's not uncommon for municipalities to be hacked with ransomware. For example, a hacking attack in late 2016 on San Francisco's mass transit system led its operators to allow free rides over part of a weekend because of data problems.
Ross Rustici, senior director of intelligence services at the firm Cybereason, said ransomware schemes against local governments make the news every couple of months, but that they often tend to be smaller, rural areas. He said local governments are "easy targets" because they typically have older equipment and software than corporations or the federal government.
He said it's not unusual for businesses and local governments to pay the ransom. He said it's often more costly to try to recover the data unless technology officials are proactive about safeguards including frequent data backups.
"Once you're in that situation, you really have no good option so a lot of people and companies end up paying," he said.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Linebacker Ryan Shazier wasn't on the field for the Pittsburgh Steelers, but he was far from forgotten.
After he underwent spinal surgery days ago, Shazier got to virtually celebrate with his teammates on FaceTime Sunday night after their AFC North-clinching victory over the Baltimore Ravens, when he learned he'd get the game ball. Here's a look:
Ryan Shazier facetiming the #Steelers after tonight's victory from the hospital. Via Ryan Shazier's girlfriend's Instagram. pic.twitter.com/UXrYKsn5ba — Daniel Valente (@StatsGuyDaniel) December 11, 2017
He also sent a message shared by the Steelers:
It was clear from his teammates what having Shazier participate meant to them:
Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger: "Ryan Shazier was with us tonight." — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) December 11, 2017
WATCH: Roman Kemp Signed A Contract To Get Kane's Face Tattooed On Him If England Win The World Cup!
We wanted England to win the World Cup, but after Roman Kemp promised to get a tattoo of Harry Kane's face, we *really* want it to come home.
We don't know if you've heard, but... It's coming home. England have been smashing the 2018 World Cup in Russia, against the likes of Panama and Colombia, and football fever is taking over.
But nowhere more so than in the studio with Roman Kemp.
> Jason Derulo's 'Colours' Lyrics For The FIFA World Cup 2018 Are The Empowering Message You Needed Today
Dressed head-to-toe in his England kit, Ro promised that should the Three Lions walk away with the World Cup trophy, he will get an actual tattoo of Harry Kane's face on his body.
We weren't going to let him get away with it lightly; we penned a contract for him to sign, and we need you to witness this. Don't let Roman Kemp get away with this, because...
FOOTBALL'S COMING HOME!
> Grab Our App To Make Sure Roman Kemp Gets That Tattoo!
A lorry and a van have been involved in a crash at Coupar Angus Road, Dundee.
Emergency services were called to the scene at around 1.30pm.
A Police Scotland spokeswoman said: “Officers are currently in attendance at a road traffic collision involving two lorries on A923 Coupar Angus Road, Dundee. The road is currently closed between Lochee roundabout and Dunsinane Industrial Estate. Diversions are in place.”
A Scottish Fire and Rescue Service spokeswoman said: “We got a call at 1.20pm to a road traffic collision between two vehicles on Coupar Angus Road.
“We've sent four appliances and a heavy rescue unit to the scene.
“We have been assisting police and ambulance.
“Two appliances were sent from Blackness Road, two from Macalpine Road and the heavy rescue unit, also from Macalpine Road.”
CLICK HERE FOR UPDATED STORY
Two people were arrested after a high-speed chase that spanned two counties early Monday morning.
State trooper Javier Rivera-Rodriguez was almost hit by driver Dustin Feif ,30, on the southbound exit ramp to Alico Road in Lee County. Rodriguez tried to pull over Feif for suspected DUI, but he fled down US-41.
Feif made it to Collier County, but not without causing some damage.
Deputies attempted to stop Feif by laying down spike strips, but that maneuver backfired.
One trooper clipped the strips, blowing out his tires. Another trooper's vehicle caught fire after running over debris during the chase.
Collier County deputies eventually took over the chase. The said Feif was going more than 120 miles per hour down Tamiami Trail, speeding through multiple red lights, and even into oncoming traffic.
Deputies eventually hit Feif, causing him to lose control, after about 40 miles of chase, near the Lely Resort.
Authorities determined that the license plate was stolen and the car was most likely stolen. Feif has an out-of-state warrant with extradition.
He is facing multiple charges including fleeing police, reckless driving, and driving with a suspended license.
No trooper were injured.
© Copyright 2018 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
A groundbreaking study has found that people living in poverty are being denied state-funded legal advice.
The research, commissioned by the Law Society, has found that people are being blocked from accessing justice despite living below the poverty line.
BuzzFeed News has been investigating how legal aid cuts passed into law in 2012 have impacted on people across the country, leaving thousands to represent themselves in court with no legal training. The Ministry of Justice has recently begun a review of the impact of the legislation.
The Law Society study is believed to be the first of its kind to give categorical proof that legal aid is being denied to people who are already living in poverty.
Anyone whose household earns more than £2,657 a month before tax is excluded from legal aid - and many who earn substantially less than this are only eligible for partial financial help. Some of those who qualify for legal aid but are not on state benefits still have to make a contribution towards the cost - at a level which is often far beyond their means.
The study compared various cost of living tests with legal aid thresholds. It found that at the maximum level of disposable income at which legal aid is allowed, households are already below the poverty line before any legal bills: typically, they had disposable incomes 10% to 30% too low to afford a minimum standard of living.
Richard Miller, head of justice at the Law Society, told BuzzFeed News: “As far as I'm aware this is the first analysis that's been done of actually how the means test bites.
“What surprised me is just how stark the picture is. That people well below the minimum income standard are either ineligible or are having to make contributions which they clearly can't afford. Practitioners have been reporting to us for a number of years that they have clients who are offered legal aid to subject to a contribution and the clients are unable to afford the contributions and therefore have to turn down the offer.”
The means test has not been increased in line with inflation since 2010. “We hope that the government will review the means test more thoroughly in light of this report,” Miller said.
A Supreme Court ruling in July last year found that employment tribunal fees were unlawful because households on low incomes were expected to sacrifice an acceptable living standard to afford legal costs. The Law Society argues that the means testing that decides whether someone qualifies for civil legal aid is putting people in the same situation.
Shadow justice minister, Richard Burgon, MP said: “This is yet more damning evidence of how the Conservatives' decision to slash access to legal aid is pricing thousands of people out of our justice system. No one should have to choose between paying for food or heating and getting legal support.
The Conservative government should stop delaying its own review into its legal aid cuts and come forward with serious proposals to repair the damage these cuts have done to access to justice."
BuzzFeed News revealed last year that the number of people seeking help from the Personal Support Unit in civil cases because they have no lawyer is up 520% since 2011.
While most people on full benefits automatically qualify for legal aid, those in lowest paid jobs usually have to pay a contribution towards their legal costs.
Donald Hirsch, a professor of social policy at Loughborough University, who conducted the research, told BuzzFeed News: “What surprised me was that you've got all these detailed rules but it seems to amount more or less to the fact that if you're not on means tested benefits there are very few cases where you'll get full legal aid.
“If you take it as a given that someone on very low incomes is not going to be able to make contributions it seems too almost to amount to saying ‘if you're working you can't get help'. We know that a lot of people who are working are classed as in poverty. That's what surprised me was just how low the bar had been set and the fact that it really disqualifies you if you work.”
The means test is also outdated in criminal courts. BuzzFeed News revealed that there are now increasing numbers of criminal defendants who do not qualify for legal aid and cannot afford a lawyer. An exclusive survey of magistrates in 2017 found that 30% of people in criminal cases before them had no lawyer, up from 24% in 2014.
A Ministry of Justice spokesperson said: “Maintaining access to justice remains at the heart of our legal aid system, and last year we spent over £1.6bn to ensure help is available for those who need it most.
“We are conducting a wider review of our legal aid reforms, including provisions in civil cases.
“We also want to see disputes resolved away from court wherever possible, using approaches like mediation which can be less stressful, quicker and cheaper.”
OTTAWA — Global Affairs says Canada is adding more Venezuelans to its sanctions list.
Another 14 individuals have been added to the list of people who Canada says are among those responsible for the deterioration of democracy in that country under the regime of Nicolas Maduro.
The sanctions essentially prohibit Canadians from doing business with people or entities on the list.
It's the latest in a series of Canadian moves against the Maduro government.
Earlier this month, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland dismissed the latest elections in Venezuela as illegitimate and anti-democratic.
On Tuesday, a three-member panel of experts, including Canadian Irwin Cotler, told the Organization of American States that officials in Maduro's administration have committed crimes against humanity.
Canada has already limited diplomatic contacts with Venezuela and told its representatives to avoid international or multilateral meetings and events hosted by or in Venezuela.
Freeland said the latest sanctions underline Canada's commitment to democracy and its rejection of the "fraudulent" presidential elections.
"Canada is as determined as ever to support the people of Venezuela as they seek a more peaceful, democratic and prosperous future," she said in a statement.
Under Maduro, the Venezuelan economy has all but collapsed, inflation is running wild and hundreds of thousands of people have fled the country.
DEAR AMY: I was snooping in my son's basement and discovered he is growing weed. Should I confront him? He could lose his job, house, reputation and shared custody of his daughter.
I am a nervous wreck thinking about how to approach him.
Sad Mom
DEAR SAD: Here's what you should do: Stop snooping in your son's basement.
Unless he has a sophisticated commercial marijuana ranch, you should assume this is for his own use, and leave it alone.
Related Articles Ask Amy: I caught the neighbor boy's habit on video
Ask Amy: Why am I angry when Dad gave up so much for me?
Ask Amy: He didn't want to be seen with me at church
Ask Amy: Why are they behaving this way to a grieving husband?
Ask Amy: I complain, but they say their wedding is not about me If you absolutely cannot stand it and must confront him, you will have to tell him the truth about your own behavior. One natural consequence would be for him to stop trusting you.
If you are ready to make this sacrifice, you should only urge him not to expose his child to his marijuana growing and weed use. Obviously, if you found this in the basement, so could she, and this would put his daughter in an even worse position than you are in, because involving her in this sort of secret could be ruinous for their relationship and disastrous down the line.
State laws regarding marijuana cultivation seem to be quite convoluted. If he doesn't have a license to grow and is caught, the consequences could be extreme in proportion to his crime.
DEAR AMY: My daughter, 9, is in Girl Scouts. She loves it. I offer a lot of my time helping out the troop. Today, they went to an ice show for which the troop bought the tickets.
The parents were asked to have their daughters bring either a snack or money for refreshments. We opted to send a snack, as we struggle financially.
Related Articles Carolyn Hax: We agreed on two kids, and I don't want to go behind his back
Carolyn Hax: I was just home from the ER, and he went out for a beer
Carolyn Hax: He told me he's done with me, and I'm freaking out
Carolyn Hax: Should I tell him why I'm shunning his wife? Once they got there, they realized that you can't bring snacks in to the facility, so one of the troop leaders purchased a popcorn bucket for each girl. All the other girls had money and were able to buy their own drinks.
My daughter did not have any money with her, so her troop leader bought her a drink in a souvenir cup. My daughter thinks it cost around $15. I emailed the troop leaders and asked how much the souvenir/drink was and offered to reimburse them for it.
My husband disagrees. He feels as though I shouldn't have offered, since we followed their initial instructions.
Am I wrong for offering to reimburse the troop leader?
Confused Girl Scout Mom
DEAR CONFUSED: You did the right thing. These troop leaders volunteer their time to help supervise the girls, and in addition to spending their time, they willingly spend money on all sorts of things along the way. It was kind of this troop leader to purchase this treat for your daughter. You can assume that she did so happily and does not expect to be reimbursed, since this was an unanticipated expense.
Send questions to askamy@amydickinson.com or Ask Amy, c/o Tribune Content Agency, LLC., 16650 Westgrove Drive, Suite 175, Addison, TX 75001.
HOUSTON, Alaska (AP) – Alaska State Troopers have released the name of an 11-year-old Palmer boy killed in a Parks Highway crash near Houston.
Noah Meyer died Wednesday afternoon.
Troopers say a northbound pickup driven by 20-year-old Kole Denevan, driving with an adult passenger, crossed the centerline at Mile 53.
A car driven by 57-year-old Mark Meyer of Palmer with three juvenile passengers was southbound.
Meyer tried to avoid a collision as Denevan attempted to correct and the two vehicles crashed.
Noah Meyer suffered fatal injuries and was ejected.
Multiple people in the crash were transported to hospitals with what troopers say were non-life-threatening injuries.
The UK is among six EU member states referred to Europe's highest court this month over a failure to clean up “significant and persistent” air pollution. So how bad is the problem and what impact is it having on our health? FT Science editor Clive Cookson put these questions to a panel of experts at a recent FT event in London. He spoke to Laurie Laybourn-Langton of the UK Health Alliance on Climate Change, Ian Mudway, air toxicity specialist at King's College London and Darran Messem of the Low Carbon Vehicle Partnership.
On New Year's night around 9:30 p.m. officers of the Martin Fire and Police Depts. received a call of a house fire at 318 Main St. When officers arrived they found the home fully engulfed in flames.
Martin Fire Dept. along with multiple agencies fought the blaze for approximately four hours before they were able to extinguish the fire. Two individuals were confirmed dead and the cause of the fire is under investigation. Martin Police, Fire, and Tennessee Bomb and Arson are investigating the incident and the bodies have been sent to Memphis for autopsies.
The Carters out in #NY – Oct. 5 📸: splash news A post shared by Beylite (@beylite) on Oct 5, 2017 at 10:43am PDT
Blue Ivy is dripping swagoo through these NYC streets. The Carters were spotted in NYC earlier today and the Internet is dying over Blue's adorable sweatsuit. She gets it from her daddy.
How freakin' adorable is Jay-Z holding Sir and Rumi.
RELATED STORIES:
Jay-Z Reportedly Turned Down Next Year's Super Bowl Halftime Show
Beyonce's Best Street Style Moments
'There Is A Sense Of Blessing'
Q. How does it feel after your film ‘Padmaavat' has become a success?
A. It is very different this time because I've had film releases before. I've had successful performances and successful films, performances that people have appreciated but somehow this time, it's a completely different energy that I am feeling. Of course, people are appreciating the film and the performance and all of that but there is a sense of blessing; a very spiritual experience that I feel this time.
'A Lot Of Characters That You Play Impact Your Life In A Powerful Way'
Q. How easy or difficult was it for you to leave behind a character like Padmavati which has taken such a lot from you personally and start afresh with a new character when you move on to your next?
A. It's easy because I have to do it. But at the same time, it is hard because and especially, characters like these which are so powerful and a performance which has literally come from my gut and I had said this six months ago when I was promoting the film that they don't leave... if you ask me to do a scene from ‘Piku' today or if you ask me to play Veronica again, I think it would very easily come back to me. I don't think it would take me very long to get into that space again because a lot of these characters that you play impact your life in such a powerful way that they actually just don't ever leave and this one is most definitely.
'Padmavati Was A Warrior In A Completely Different Way'
Q. You are a very opinionated person. We have seen you speak about issues that are close to your heart from time to time. But while playing Padmavati, there were certain things that are even now being talked about like how she had sought approval of her husband to commit the final act of ‘Jauhar'. So at that point in time, did your sensibility conflict with that of Padmavati or were you so much in character that you went with the flow?
A. As an actor, you find meaning in what you do and for me, there is a reference for this character. Now whether it is true or untrue, historic or not historic, that's a separate conversation but the fact that it is based on a poem and one could sort of envisage what she would be like, you also have to look at these situations in context to when these situations happened. That was the 12th or 13th century, Today would I take permission? No. Would I take permission to go out with my girlfriends? Most definitely not. (laughs)
But in the film, in that particular scene, in that given situation and most importantly in that particular moment, it feels like the right thing. Because it's beyond the words that are being said. It's almost poetic in a sense. If you look at ‘Jauhar' in another way, for me it is her uniting with her husband who sacrificed his life and died trying to save and protect the honour of their clan.
Now if I step away from it and look at just the act itself, it doesn't make any sense to any of us. But if I put myself back into when I was shooting the film or as the character, it feels like the absolutely right thing to do because for her it was war in a very different way. She was a warrior in a completely different way. She's not a warrior who went to the battle field and killed people in that sense or with a sword in her hand but she won a different kind of battle. In her mind, she still defeated Khilji because he went after that one thing and he still didn't get that one thing. It was her choice.
So yes, this sort of conversations, agreements, disagreements, views are very valid. I may agree with some while I may disagree with some. But it is important to view a film for the time that it was set in and view it in totality.
Q. You said that success is different for you so do you want to celebrate it in a different way or celebrate it usually like you do with the other films you've been part of?
A. I think that will come to me organically whether it should be different or not different. I've never been one to plan these things too much and I didn't plan for the feeling of this film to be different. It just happened when people saw the film and I think the same will happen when we are ready to celebrate. I think It will happen in the way it should.
'Javed Saab Told Me That He Believes That Padmaavat Is My 'Mother India' '
Q. What was the best compliment that you have received for your performance in the film ‘Padmaavat'?
A. I think it's the same one that I've been saying. The first screening that we had was for Shabana ji and Javed sahab. Sanjay sir and I were waiting outside the screening room. After they finished watching the film, they came out and Javed sahab just looked me in the eye and said - "When I think of Madhubala ji or Nargis Dutt ji, I think of at least one iconic film that they've done in their entire careers. I think of ‘Mughal-e-Azam', ‘Mother India'" and he said that he believes that ‘Padmaavat' is my ‘Mother India'.
Q. Currently you are the undisputed queen of Bollywood with seven 100 crore films. After the era of Madhuri and Sridevi, we have finally seen the next female superstar. Any reason as to why has it taken so long? Was there a lack of female oriented scripts or is it like things just have to come together?
A. Because there is a time and place for everything.
'I Hope Padmaavat Will Open Doors For Such Big Budget Films To Be Made With Female Protagonists'
Q. How does it feel to be the actress who has not only bridged but overtaken the pay gap that has existed between male and female superstars?
A. The pay is one thing. The understanding is that I had been paid a lot more than some of my male colleagues but I have never viewed it as wanting to be paid more than someone else. I think that has just been a by-product of wanting to get paid what I think I deserve to be paid. Based on my awareness of films and budgets, it's a lot of factors that come into your success, films and track record. There are a lot of things that come into play when these things are being discussed.
So I think in wanting to fight for what I thought was right for myself, I think this is sort of a by-product of that. But what I see as an even bigger achievement is the budget that was approved for this film. ‘Padmaavat' being the most expensive Indian film ever with a female protagonist is what I view as an achievement, not for myself only but for the fact that I think this will now open doors for many more of this kind of films with this kind of budgets, not to say that, in the last couple of years, there have been quite a few films on female protagonists but not of this scale.
To be able to match the scale and the budget of some of my senior male colleagues, I view that as an achievement and I am hoping that this will now open doors for many more of such big budget films to be made.
'I Have Worked Very Hard To Get To Where I Am & To Achieve Whatever Little I Have Achieved'
Q. Do you think that ‘Padmaavat' is the best film in your career?
A. I hope not because if this is the best then what's next. Not to say that I am not enjoying the phase that I'm in and not only am I grateful for everything that is coming my way but I've also worked very hard to get to where I am and to achieve whatever little I have achieved. But at the same time ,if you say that this is the best phase then I don't know what next so I hope there's a lot more in store is for me just in terms of what I'm able to do as an actor and also as a human being.
'I Was Never Afraid'
Q. How scary were the times when the death threats were made and did it make you angry?
A. I wouldn't say angry. I think I was disappointed because I feel like maybe it didn't go down in the way that it should have. I was disappointed for various reasons which now is not the right time to speak about that but never once was I afraid.
'I Respect The Fact That Swara Bhaskar Has An Opinion & I Am Nobody To Question The Fact That She Has An Opinion'
Q. Have you read Swara Bhaskar's open letter and how did you take it from your perspective of feminism? What was your reaction to it? What are you on those lines?
A. I haven't read the letter but I am aware of some of the comments that she has made based on my interaction with all of you and I think that whether I agree or disagree is irrelevant but I respect the fact that she has an opinion and I am nobody to question the fact that she has an opinion.
Whether I agree or disagree, I think it goes without saying that it's important to view films in the context of the film itself. It's important to view the film in the era that it was made. If you watched ‘Troy' or ‘300' or any of those films, I highly doubt that you would pick out one scene out of context and question that so it's very important to view it in totality and in the period that the film is being true to.
On a lighter note, she was probably out buying popcorn and maybe just missed the disclaimer.
'I Was Willing To Put Padmaavat On Hold To Fight A Much Larger Cause'
Q. With the film being based on Rani Padmavati, you have been driving this film on your own. So was there also a huge sense of responsibility all the way while shooting the film and with all the protests that were going on, were you also feeling the heat?
A. When I was shooting for the film, there were only two of the incidents which happened. I had told Sanjay sir at that point itself and considering what we just discussed about the fact that this in a way is a turning point in my career in terms of the budget, scale and now the success of the film, I was even then willing to put this on hold to fight a much larger cause and I said to him back then that something didn't feel right.
It's not that people haven't had issues with earlier films. Shabana ji's films have had issues in the past. But this to me right from the beginning just felt very different. It's not the usual disappointment or protest or anger that people have felt before with certain films. This just felt different right from the beginning. But I think everyone didn't probably view it in the way that I did.
So, I guess everything that happened later which is in the last two or three months, let me just say, that I wasn't surprised in the way that it all unfolded.
'There's Nothing To Fear When You Know You Have Done Something Right'
Q. After all of this, have you come out to be as a stronger person?
A. I honestly don't know any other way of being. I will be the first person to apologize if I've done something wrong. As a child and even today, I have never had any issues with acknowledging my weaknesses, with saying sorry if I know I've done something wrong or with just being vulnerable or accepting if you've made a mistake sometimes. But when you know you've done something right, there is nothing to fear.
'I & Ranveer Never Try To Overshadow & Outdo Each Other While Performing In A Film'
Q. You and Ranveer have worked on three films together. All three of them have done really well at the box office. Recently, Ranveer had a chat session with fans on Twitter. When he was asked whether you both would be seen together on a next project to which he replied that you're the best co-star to work with. What are your views?
A. I have to agree. I think somewhere our idea of good actors and a good co-star is the same. In this film we don't have even one scene together but when we have worked together earlier in the past, for both of us, it's very important for the other person to be very honest and true to that moment.
I think he's had a couple of experiences earlier where maybe he has worked with people who are not as giving and he's an intelligent person so he sees that. So, somewhere the fact that we both completely trust each other when we are performing, no one is trying to overshadow or outdo the other and we're only trying to better each other's performance, and he is a very special talent.
'I Can't Make A Sweeping Statement Saying, 'Those Are Not The Kind Of Films I Would Do' '
Q. Now that you have reached this stage of your career where you are the face of a film playing the lead, where you don't only bring much to the table as the actor but even more, would you be open to doing a masala multi-starrer film where the hero is the lead like a ‘Housefull'. So, would you be open going ahead or have you left that behind?
A. I wouldn't generalize it and say that I think, a lot of the kind of films that I have been a part of earlier have all contributed to something that I have learnt along the way. I might feel differently today about certain films, not about the decision at that point but like you said, moving forward, I don't know. I don't think I can make a sweeping statement saying ‘Those are not the kind of films I would do'. Because in all honesty people viewed ‘Chennai Express' also as one of those masala films not realizing that it was a really solidly driven film. I think it really boils down to what state of mind I'm in.
A lot of it is your state of mind at that point and something that I want to do today, I may not want to do tomorrow and vice versa. So, it depends on my state of mind at that point. The kind of energy I'm feeling and what do I have to put into a film and if I can make a character special. Maybe I can be a part of one of those ensemble films and make the character really special so it really depends. I have never been the one to just say no to something without knowing what the film is. I will always make an informed decision. The only film I'm doing right now is ‘Sapna Didi' as per the title in the book which will go on floors by early March.
Survivors of the Las Vegas shooting have been using the art of dance to heal. (FOX5)
Survivors of the Las Vegas shooting have been using the art of dance to heal.
“[Doctors] told me I would never dance again,” 19-year-old shooting survivor Mikenna Parry said.
On Wednesday, Parry proved doctors wrong. She along with other survivors of the mass shooting put on a performance at Liberty High School honoring the 58 lives lost.
“This is a big deal for me right now,” Parry said.
Parry was shot in the arm and stomach the night of the shooting.
"One bullet is still behind my kidney.”
Parry said she was in the hospital for a week then started her recovery process at home.
For 14-year-old Francesca Trujillo, Thursday's show was a chance to perform. It's an opportunity she has not had since the mass shooting.
“When I was trying to escape I fell and was trampled,” Trujillo said. “I got stepped on and hurt my ankle.”
Trujillo said not being able to dance was a difficult part of the aftermath.
“Dance has always been the way I get my mind off things and it's always been my support to help me heal,” Trujillo said.
Parry and Trujillo celebrated their survival on the stage. Parry graduated from Durango High School and Trujillo is now home-schooled after the trauma of the shooting. Both did not have a platform to perform.
“At first I just wanted to give [them] a chance to dance and we ended up doing a tribute and a slideshow and we have 58 candles that get carried down,” Liberty High School dance coach Porscha Murray said.
Murray who was also there the night of the shooting, organized the recital and invited the girls to perform.
“It's just nice to allow people to be a part of this.”
Survivors of the Las Vegas mass shooting are using the art of dance to heal. Coming up at 11:04—I'll show you a touching performance put on by survivors. pic.twitter.com/37myV06DEc — Abby (@abbytheodros) May 4, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
HabsWorld.net --
While the Habs ended last week on a high note, the positive vibes ended there as they failed to pick up a win in three home games while picking up just a single point in the standings. Things weren't any better in Laval either as the Rocket suffered the same fate.
Spotlight Players
Byron Froese: It's hard to be too critical considering it's the fourth line that is playing the best lately but it's a bit surprising to see him in what appears to be a must-play role. Froese doesn't really excel in any particular area of the ice nor does he have any standout skills. He's a nice depth option to have but they can certainly improve on that roster spot as well.
Alex Galchenyuk: Lost in the complaints about his benching is that the coaching staff did exactly what a lot of fans have wanted to see after. Instead of languishing on the fourth line, he actually got promoted to play alongside Jonathan Drouin. Some are saying they need to employ a different tactic with him but it seems to me that they did that here.
Shea Weber: I know he's a very capable defensive player but is it really ideal to be deploying him in a shutdown role with Jordie Benn? Weber is Montreal's top offensive threat from the back end and considering the scoring issues are creeping up again, it might be beneficial to try putting him back with a puck-mover and in more offensive-oriented situations. I will note that it's nice to see Claude Julien making a concerted effort to keep his minutes down which should pay dividends as the season progresses.
StatPack
Skaters:
# Player GP G A +/- PIMS SOG ATOI 6 Shea Weber 3 2 0 -4 0 10 22:26 8 Jordie Benn 3 1 0 -3 2 6 20:04 11 Brendan Gallagher 3 0 0 -5 6 11 15:54 14 Tomas Plekanec 3 0 1 -4 2 7 16:50 20 Nicolas Deslauriers 3 0 1 +3 0 3 12:11 21 David Schlemko 3 0 0 E 0 3 18:16 22 Karl Alzner 3 0 0 E 0 4 21:17 24 Phillip Danault 3 2 0 +2 4 7 16:43 25 Jacob de la Rose 2 0 0 -1 0 1 12:05 26 Jeff Petry 3 0 2 -2 2 1 22:00 27 Alex Galchenyuk 3 1 0 -3 0 8 12:22 28 Jakub Jerabek 2 0 0 E 0 1 16:05 41 Paul Byron 3 0 0 -1 0 5 14:50 42 Byron Froese 3 0 2 +1 2 2 12:49 43 Daniel Carr 3 1 2 +2 0 3 12:07 53 Victor Mete 1 0 0 E 0 0 17:04 54 Charles Hudon 3 0 0 -5 0 4 14:39 65 Andrew Shaw 3 0 2 E 9 3 15:52 67 Max Pacioretty 3 0 2 E 0 7 18:37 92 Jonathan Drouin 1 0 0 -2 2 0 14:16
Goalies:
# Player Record GAA SV% SO 31 Carey Price 0-2-1 4.62 .864 0 37 Antti Niemi 0-0-0 3.20 .923 0
Team Leaders:
Goals: Brendan Gallagher (13)
Assists: Danault/Drouin (12)
Points: Brendan Gallagher (19)
+/-: Deslauriers/Schlemko (+7)
PIMS: Andrew Shaw (39)
Shots: Max Pacioretty (124)
Laval Report
Laval is starting to resemble the Habs when it comes to over-reliance on their goaltending. No matter how good your goalie is, it's hard to win when you can barely muster a goal per game of offence. Many say it takes three or more goals to win a game and the Rocket have done that just twice since November 12th, a span of 13 games. Not surprisingly, those are the only two victories they have over that stretch.
News and Notes:
- Zach Fucale was recalled from Brampton. He dressed as the backup once and was a healthy scratch the other two which calls into question why he was actually brought back in the first place.
- Michael McCarron missed all three games as he recovers from emergency surgery behind his ear sustained on the last road trip but there's a chance he'll be ready to go on Saturday, their next game.
- The Habs have sent Nikita Scherbak back to Laval. They wouldn't have been able to do so without activating him off injured reserve so presumably he also should have a chance at playing on Saturday.
- Lines from last game:
Forwards:
Gregoire – Cracknell – Terry
Eisenschmid – Petti – Baun
Boucher – Audette – Waked
Veilleux – Ebbing
Defence:
Taormina – Lernout
Parisi – Juulsen
Gelinas – Leblanc
Bourque
Results:
December 6: Binghamton 2, Laval 1 (OT)
December 8: Toronto 3, Laval 1
December 9: Toronto 5, Laval 2
StatPack
Skaters:
# Player GP G A +/- SOG PIMS 2 Eric Gelinas 3 0 1 +2 5 2 4 Simon Bourque 1 0 0 E 0 0 5 Tom Parisi 3 0 0 E 7 2 6 Stefan Leblanc 3 0 2 +2 2 0 8 Noah Juulsen 3 0 0 -2 1 2 11 Daniel Carr 1 1 0 E 6 0 12 Kyle Baun 3 0 1 E 2 6 14 Brett Lernout 3 0 0 E 2 0 15 Thomas Ebbing 3 0 0 -1 0 2 19 Antoine Waked 3 0 0 -1 2 0 22 Chris Terry 3 1 0 -2 12 4 23 Niki Petti 3 2 0 -1 4 0 24 Daniel Audette 3 0 0 -2 1 15 25 Michael McCarron 2 0 1 E 1 0 27 Adam Cracknell 3 0 1 -1 9 0 28 Yannick Veilleux 3 0 0 -1 2 6 34 David Broll 2 0 0 E 2 2 37 Jeremy Gregoire 3 1 0 +3 5 7 38 Markus Eisenschmid 3 0 0 -2 1 0 39 Jordan Boucher 3 0 0 -1 3 4 40 Matt Taormina 3 0 0 -4 6 2
Goalies:
# Player Record GAA SV% SO 33 Michael McNiven 0-1-0 4.12 .871 0 35 Charlie Lindgren 0-1-1 2.00 .932 0
Team Leaders:
Goals: Chris Terry (13)
Assists: Matt Taormina (21)
Points: Taormina/Terry (23)
+/-: Jeremy Gregoire (+11)
PIMS: Yannick Veilleux (46)
Shots: Chris Terry (78)
Upcoming Schedule:
December 16: Laval vs Charlotte
December 17: Laval vs Charlotte
Final Thought
There's no denying that Carey Price had an off-night against Edmonton. Honestly, that's probably underselling it somewhat. The worst thing is, this was avoidable. Logically, giving a goaltender eight straight starts coming off an injury that took longer to recover from than expected is not smart, no matter who the goalie is.
Charlie Lindgren demonstrated during his stint as Price's replacement that he is capable of coming up and spot-starting when necessary. Heck, even Antti Niemi has looked alright in his appearances so far. There are options at Claude Julien's disposal to avoid this type of thing from happening.
Yes, the Habs are already in tough in the standings so I understand why Price played all of these games but this is short-term thinking. A tired Price isn't going to help anyone, unless you're the opponent getting him on that night. The days of playing a starter upwards of 70 times are gone and coaches are learning to trust their backup. It's time for Julien to do the same, especially when he has multiple options to use.
The pool is 12-feet deep with a diving board and a smaller 2-feet wading pool for children.
Through Aug. 1, hours of operation will be Tuesdays through Fridays and Sundays from 11 a.m. until 6:30 p.m. The pool will be open Saturdays from 11 a.m. until 8 p.m. From Aug. 1 through Labor Day, the pool will be open Saturdays and Sundays from 11 a.m. until 6:30 p.m.
Admission is $5 per person for 2 year olds and older and $2.50 per person for campers and cabin guests. Pool parties are welcome and may be scheduled by contacting the park office at 615-443-2769.
More information may be found at tnstateparks.com/parks/about/cedars-of-lebanon.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Children's Minnesota received a big check Friday from the New Orleans Saints punter.
Thomas Morstead was the first player to run back onto the field to finish the game after the Minneapolis Miracle.
Immediately after the game, donations poured into his foundation from Minnesotans appreciative of his sportsmanship. Morstead was so moved he decided to donate the money back to our community.
“This is like a culmination of a lot of people,” Morstead said.
Morstead thought his football season ended in Minnesota with a loss, but says he gained so much from that game. A gesture in the final play led thousands to give back to his foundation.
“It's in our mission statement to not only give back but to inspire other people to give back and that's literally what has happened. I mean, you can't plan for something like this to happen,” Morstead said.
Minnesotans donated to Morstead's foundation, What You Give Will Grow. He turned around and brought the gift back to our state.
“$221,143 dollars and this is from our foundation but really this is from 6,000 Minnesotians,” he said.
The funds will go to support Children's Minnesota Child Life Program.
“They're like angels that look after these kids, nothing bad is going to happen to them when these people are around. There's like a protection,” Morstead said.
“This is a gift that's going to make a difference in the lives of the most amazing people on earth, which is our kids, so thank you,” Dr. Marc Gorelick said.
Morstead hopes this will encourage others to donate to their own community.
“For what we're doing we said this should stay in your community and I think that's one of the reasons why it exploded,” Morstead said.
There were even more surprises today. The Vikings' Marcus Sherels — who injured Morstead in the January game — joined him to surprise a patient at Children's with tickets to the Super Bowl. Two Child Life professionals will go as well as a gift from the Saints.
After meeting with patients, Morstead made another visit to fourth graders from Detroit Lakes. The class raised $64 for his foundation in honor of his lesson in good sportsmanship.
Last week he surprised them with a thank-you video. Morstead said their gesture made his wife cry.
He invited them down to the Twin Cities to meet him. They left bright and early this morning. As part of their visit, the kids and their parents also got to check visit the NFL Experience.
FILE- In this May 9, 2017, file photo, a package from Amazon Prime is loaded for delivery in New York. Last year, the online retailer introduced a system for letting people delivering packages into customers' homes. Now, it's their cars. GM says more than 7 million owners of Chevrolet, Buick, GMC and Cadillac vehicles are eligible for Amazon's new Amazon Key In-car delivery service. Mark Lennihan, File AP Photo
From Bamigbola Gbolagunte, Akure
A group, the Yoruba Redemption Forum (YRF) has tasked the incoming governor of Ondo State, Rotimi Akeredolu, to consolidate on the achievements of the administration of Governor Olusegun Mimiko.
The group also urged Akeredolu to design a blueprint before he finally assumes office as the fifth executive governor of the state.
The governor-elect had last week constituted different think tank committees to prepare reports for him on activities of different ministries departments and agencies (MDA) in the state with a view to knowing how to improve on them.
Akeredolu, who won the governorship election held on November 26, 2016 will be sworn in on February 21.
National Co-ordinator of YRF, Mr. Fadeyi Boluwaji who spoke in Akure yesterday stressed the need for Akeredolu to continue with some programmes of the Mimiko led government, especially the caring heart programmes.
Boluwaji also enjoined the incoming administration to discontinue with some programmes of the outgoing administration, stressing that many of the programmes embarked upon by Mimiko have no impact on the masses.
“There is an urgent need for Akeredolu to examine the programmes and policies of Mimiko's administration and continue with only the lofty ones,” he said.
According to him, the state has the potential to grow because of its abundant mineral resources, but for the maladministration of the current government.
He urged Akeredolu to put the right people in right positions for his administration to succeed.
Welcome to a new weekly feature at For The Win. In case you haven't noticed, Kanye West tweets A LOT. So we're wondering: Is he tweeting about sports? We'll investigate.
This week just so happens to be the NFL draft, and if you read between the lines of a few Kanye tweets, I'd bet you'd come to the same conclusion that he's totally scouting the prospects and sharing his subtle takes.
Let's break them down:
If your foresight is incredible Stay stubborn to your vision — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) April 24, 2018
Hmmm. Penn State RB Saquon Barkley just so happens to have amazing field vision.
dragon 🐉 energy
Natural born leaders
Very instinctive
Great foresight — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) April 24, 2018
Follow my thinking here: The dragon looks like a Cobra Kai logo, which is from Karate Kid, and which natural-born leader with good instincts is in this year's draft who has been “associated” to the movie's Daniel LaRusso? BAKER MAYFIELD!
to be great is to be misunderstood — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) April 24, 2018
That's a description for Josh Rosen if I ever heard one.
Enjoy the draft, Kanye!
ONE OF THE MOST CORRUPT DEALS IN GUYANA'S HISTORY
Dear Editor,
Given the expose, the parking meter contract must be revoked, a bi-partisan Commission of Inquiry instituted immediately and, based on its findings, relevant charges instituted. The Mayor and others must resign with immediate effect and the Town Clerk fired. APNU+AFC must recognize that this is not business as usual and it is confronting not its political adversary – the PPP – but confronting the PEOPLE of Guyana. APNU+AFC must understand that its instruction to suspend fines and clamping and to reduce hourly parking rates is weak, inadequate and woefully inappropriate responses to an overt corrupt and criminal deal. Immediate contract revocation and criminal investigation must be the starting point.
There is an overt strategy to misrepresent and obfuscate the issue. Granger and his people to believe the national outrage is driven only by the high and unaffordable parking rates and the draconian fines and punishments, including wheel clamping. Granger's and APNU+AFC's belated action instructing the Mayor and the City Council (M&CC) and Smart City Solutions to suspend fines and clamping, and reduce parking rates and to now start consultations, only increase their own complicity in this scandal.
While the parking rates and punishments are important factors in the national outrage, people were even more infuriated by the non-accountability and secrecy of the deal, non-compliance with national procurement requirements, the 50 to 100 years monopoly given to the company, the 80% share going to Smart City Solutions, the agreement to refund all expenses and claims of losses by Smart City Solutions and 25% of the projected revenue for each year of the contract (49 years) should the contract be terminated, the suspicion that people were bribed and the recent scurrilous remarks of Cush.
While it is true that the initial complains came from political players like the PPP and Sherod Duncan in his capacity as the Deputy Mayor and Bisram Kuppen as a City Councilor, the outrage took on a people's movement as the rates actually kicked in earlier in January.
This is not just a case of a bad deal, one where the Mayor and City Council were out-negotiated and it is not a simple case of bad judgment. This was a deal concocted from within the belly of corruption from the start. Cush used his connection in APNU to bring in Smart City Solutions and there is suspicion that “bigly” benefits flowed to many. The Parking Meter Contract is a crime against the State and the Guyanese people.
No amount of political bias is enough to hide the stench that pours out of it. APNU+AFC and the M&CC expected initially that the public will view the objections as another false allegation made by the PPP to score political points. Like all the other charges of corruption, such as the medical warehouse scandal, APNU+AFC and its sycophant M&CC thought it would soon dissipate and people will forget.
As the objection by the PPP, Sherod Duncan, Councilor Kuppen and the Private Sector intensified, Granger and APNU+AFC agreed to have a Cabinet review of the contract, but maintained that the contract will stay in place because APNU+AFC will not interfere with the business of the M&CC. When the Minister of Communities and APNU+AFC allowed the parking meters to take effect in January, they did so with the full knowledge of the circumstances and details of the contract, after all the contract had a cabinet review. When APNU+AFC stood by and allowed the implementation of parking meters they had the by-laws and either ignored or approved it.
They had not considered the national outrage once the parking meters and the high rates kicked in. Ordinary Guyanese came out, not in partisan political protest, but resisting the authoritarian imposition of the M&CC with Smart City Solutions, and Granger/APNU+AFC.
Granger dubs the fiasco as stupidity on the part of the M&CC. The AFC in a desperate effort to extricate itself now wants people to accept that Duncan was speaking for them. But none of them in the AFC supported Duncan and none of them questioned the deal in public, until now. Did anyone of them raise any objection at Cabinet? It is self-serving sanctimonious beating of the chest now to pretend innocence and outrage. Trotman is on record saying that APNU+AFC will not interfere in the contract arrangement between Smart City Solutions and M&CC. Ramjattan and Nagamootoo treated the allegation of corruption as another example of PPP crying wolf.
APNU+AFC and the M&CC expected that people would dismiss the whole thing as another false PPP allegation. They had not anticipated that people would express their rage so overtly, so vociferously, so determined. Freedom is a contagious thing and the Burnham/PNC authoritarianism cannot survive when people feel oppressed. The parking meter scandal will not go away because APNU+AFC bends a little. They have to repudiate the parking meter contract, nothing less. They have to charge people, nothing less.
Dr. Leslie Ramsammy
Broome County District Attorney Steve Cornwell charged a 64-year-old Johnson City resident with 5 felony weapons charges after police seized more than a dozen weapons, high-capacity magazine and thousands of rounds of ammunition from a storage shed authorities say Ramadan Abdullah was renting in the Town of Union.
Police obtained a search warrant after Johnson City police arrested Abdullah for shoplifting from Gander Mountain on May 31. Involved in the investigation were members of Broome County Special Investigations Unit, NYSP, and Johnson City police
Abdullah is listed as residing at 82 Ackley Avenue. After discovering the stash of weapons in the storage unit, police also obtained search warrants for 82 Ackley Ave, and another residence in Oneonta. Police say family members at both residences cooperated with police, but authorities could not comment on whether or not those family members knew about Abdullah's collection of weapons and ammo.
SEIZED FROM TWN. UNION STORAGE UNIT
4 loaded handguns
8 assault weapons
1 loaded shotgun
Two rifles
64 large-capacity ammunition feeding devices ( magazine, belt, or device capable of feeding more than 10 rounds)
Thousands of rounds of ammunition for rifles, pistols and assault weapons including 50 caliber armor piercing incendiary rounds, numerous firearm parts and flak jackets
VICTORIA — British Columbia's government is promising financial relief for taxpayers in next week's budget, telling residents who will soon be voting in an election that the province is in position to repay them for past sacrifices.
Lt.-Gov. Judith Guichon said Tuesday in a throne speech that lays out Premier Christy Clark's plans for the upcoming legislative session that the government is now able to ease the financial burdens of British Columbians.
The Liberal government is expected to present its fifth consecutive balanced budget on Feb. 21. In November the government projected a surplus of about $2.2 billion for the 2016-17 fiscal year.
There were no details in the throne speech on the government's plans.
"After years of sacrifice by all of us in British Columbia through challenging times, working together with a plan, your government is now in a position to pay you back, to relieve some financial burdens, and to invest in your household," it says.
The speech says the government's focus on balanced budgets, spending controls and debt reduction has produced growing surpluses that give the province the ability to do more for taxpayers.
"That money belongs to you," the speech says. "And in the coming budget, your government will provide financial relief to taxpayers, while continuing to make investments in the services people rely on."
Although B.C. faces risks from weakening global economies and rising protectionism in the United States and Europe, the speech says the province will adhere to its principles of open and fair trade. The province faces challenges on the expired softwood lumber agreement with the United States, it says.
The government is also claiming credit for taking the lead on the opioid crisis, which resulted in more than 900 illicit drugs overdose deaths in B.C. last year.
"Your government has taken action, and is ready to do more," the speech says.
The provincial election is set for May 9. The Liberals are seeking a fifth consecutive mandate.
The Liberals hold 47 seats in the legislature, the NDP 35 and there are three Independents, which includes one seat held by the Green party.
Dirk Meissner, The Canadian Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — Under pressure all weekend, President Donald Trump on Monday named and condemned hate groups as “repugnant” and declared “racism is evil” in an updated, more forceful statement on the deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump had been under increasing pressure to call out the groups by name after his previous remarks bemoaning violence on “many sides” prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats. The president described members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “criminals and thugs” in a prepared statement from the White House.
In his remarks he also called for unity.
“We must love each other, show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans,” he said.
His attorney general, Jeff Sessions, said earlier Monday that the violence in which a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters, killing one person, “does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute.”
He told ABC's “Good Morning America”: “You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America.”
Sessions said he expects to hear more from Trump on the matter after meeting with him Monday, as well as officials from the FBI. The president added a late-morning meeting with Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray to his Monday schedule.
“We will not allow these extremist groups to obtain credibility,” Sessions told “CBS This Morning.”
In the hours after the incident on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that he condemns “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832926","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832926","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832926","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832926","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
The App of the Day is 'Songbot' - search for a favorite song, and it'll search through 90,000 radio stations and find one that's playing it right then so you can listen along. Very cool but only works for iPhones.
The highly anticipated opening of the Interstate 11 was pushed back one day due to construction delays, according to the Nevada Department of Transportation.
NDOT said the 2.5-mile-long section of southbound Interstate 11 between the U.S. Highway 95 interchange and Railroad Pass Casino interchange will open to traffic at 5 a.m. on Aug. 16, rather than Aug. 15 as originally planned.
Commuters heading to Rail Road Pass Casino will need to use the U.S. 93/95 interchange to Searchlight to arrive at their destination, according to public information officer Tony Illia.
Drivers exiting the casino will need to make a U-turn at Wagonwheel Drive to travel towards Boulder City, Illia said.
According to NDOT, the opening of this portion of Interstate 11 is part of the first phase of the project, costing a total of $83 million.
NDOT advises drivers to proceed with caution as they travel through heavy-construction zones.
Visit nvroads.com or call 511 to plan your commute ahead of time.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
It's been one year since Hurricane Matthew devastated the tiny town of Princeville. The mighty storm forced millions of gallons of water to swell past a levee along the Tar River, flooding most of the historic African-American community.
When you drive up and down the streets of Princeville today, there are many signs of Hurricane Matthew's aftermath. The fire station remains empty except for some old, soiled uniforms. The museum next door is closed. So is the only elementary school and the Town Hall.
Princeville Mayor Bobbie Jones often stops by the Town Hall, even though he hasn't officiated business there in a year. Outside the building is a sign that reads, “Princeville is Coming Back.” Jones looks a little thinner and grayer since Matthew hit.
"I wonder why?" laughs Jones. "I'm trying to get my people home. And it's a long, tedious process. But progress is being made so we're hopeful they'll be home soon.”
Princeville's mostly black population is usually around 2,200 people, but many residents have not returned yet. It is believed nearly half of the town's residents were initially displaced by Matthew's floodwaters.
Leoneda Inge reports on the Town of Princeville, one year after it was flooded by Hurricane Matthew.
Last weekend, town leaders organized what looked like a welcome home celebration to let residents know they're still here. They even sang a song called the "Princeville Anthem," that went like this:
“Oh Freedom, Freedom Hill, we built thee round by round. From thy bosom Princeville came, birthed from your hallowed ground.”
The brand new "Princeville Anthem" and a new Princeville flag, waving outside the condemned Town Hall, were born after Matthew's wrath.
“Today we just want to do something to lift your spirits and just to say 'Join hands, and pull through this together'," said Town Commissioner Linda Joyner. "Because this is the only way we will make it back, by doing this together.”
The Town of Princeville has some big decisions to make. When Hurricane Floyd destroyed the town 18 years ago, officials voted not to accept a buy-out and move to higher ground.
This time, post Matthew, the state of North Carolina is planning to purchase 52 acres to extend Princeville's boundaries and encourage development on higher ground. It is two miles from the town's historic Freedom Hill, where former slaves sought refuge after the Civil War.
“So it means a lot to me, I do not want to have to move off of that land, you know," said Princeville native Jeanell Person.
Person was born and raised in Princeville, a couple of blocks from Freedom Hill. She left for several years but moved back after her father died. After Matthew, her family was displaced for almost seven months. Still, Person wants to stay put.
“My father, he had like a ninth grade education and he couldn't read and write and so him and my mom struggled to keep that land there and I don't want to move from where I am,” said Person.
A group of well-seasoned landscape architects and planners from across the country, along with graduate students and other experts, have come up with drawings and design-options to be considered for the 52-acre site.
Kofi Boone is a professor of Landscape Architecture at N.C. State and was a part of the Princeville workshop. Boone says Princeville residents expected work by the Army Corps of Engineers would have minimized flooding.
“We are Americans as well. We deserve that level of safety and protection just like everybody else. So that tendency to say, 'No, we don't want to relocate, you all need to do your job,' is a reasonable response by a community,” said Boone.
But Princeville has flooded twice in nearly 20 years.
Gavin Smith, professor of City and Regional Planning at UNC Chapel Hill, is leading the design project. He and Boone say moving critical facilities like the fire department, to less vulnerable land is a real option. Smith says he understands the need to link that site to Princeville's history.
“There is unbelievable history and culture in the town but if you were to drive through it without really knowing, you might just drive through and see the one sign that says Freedom Hill,” said Smith.
And with the 52 acres being adjacent to Highway 64, business options could open up, helping a tax base that is mostly reliant on homeowners.
Mayor Bobbie Jones can see businesses and a new housing development constructed on the 52 acres. But not the Town Hall.
“It does not make sense for us to move the Town Hall and ask the citizens to come back but we're not coming back. What message are we sending?" said Jones. "If we move the Town Hall, but tell the citizens to come back, are we saying that the town is not safe?”
The design options have not been approved yet. Maybe one plan will include an elevated Town Hall, overlooking Freedom Hill.
1 Kings 19:9A, 11-13A
Romans 9:1-5
Matthew 14:22-33
The prophet Elijah begins our readings today by going to Mount Horeb, also called Mount Sinai, and one of the things that we don't see in that passage (merely because of where the text today begins) is the reality that Elijah is fleeing to the “mountain of God” in fear of his life. Even though Elijah's time was centuries after Moses, the Holy Mountain was still in those days considered to be the place that a pilgrim went in solitude to get in touch with God in a very direct way. Elijah doubtless went there expecting some great wonder from God in order to signify His divine presence and make His will known. Throughout Sacred Scripture, God frequently made his presence known by wind, earthquake, and fire. When the Holy Spirit came upon the Apostles at Pentecost, the Acts of the Apostles describes it as “a rushing mighty wind.” (cf. Acts 2:2) When Jesus rose from the dead, the first thing that the Gospel tells us occurred was “a great earthquake.” (cf. Matthew 28:2). When God first appeared to Moses to make himself known and to call Moses to his prophetic mission to free Israel, God appears to Moses as fire that would not consume the bush that the fire was burning.
The idea that Elijah would go up to the Mountain of God and God would appear in an earthquake, or wind, or fire would have been what Elijah might have expected if he was going to have a direct encounter with God. He experienced a great wind and a great earthquake, and he saw fire, but he didn't find the Lord in those signs. He did not find the Lord in the way he would have been expecting. Instead, Elijah hears God in a “tiny whispering sound,” a small voice.
In so many ways, Elijah's spiritual experience can be like our own. At some point in our lives we may have expected God to give us direction by showing us some miraculous “sign,” indeed the Pharisees and Sadducees tried the very same thing with Jesus, they were constantly telling Jesus “give us a sign,” even though He performed many miracles. (cf. Matt. 12:38, Matt. 16:1) Can God still make Himself known to humanity through miraculous signs in the world? He absolutely can, and indeed those of us who believe in the apparitions of the Blessed Mother at Fatima and Lourdes believe this has happened even in the modern era with events such as the “Miracle of the Sun” at Fatima, for example. But the reality is that most of the time, the obviously miraculous is not how God speaks to us, but instead in the miracles of our daily lives, and in the “small voice” that is often difficult for us to hear unless we take the time to listen for it.
Perhaps some of us here might be trying to determine what direction in our lives the Holy Spirit would have us to go. We might have an important decision or series of decisions to make about the future, or about finances, or work, or a family situation, or any number of things, and if you've ever been in a situation like that, you know that it is very typical for any of us to say “Lord, can you show me a sign,” because we don't want to make the wrong decision. We can become so worried about doing the wrong thing that we can fail to hear the Holy Spirit in that whispering voice trying to guide us. I know that I have been guilty of that very fault.
A few people hearing this might even be considering a vocation to the priesthood, the diaconate, or the religious life. If that is the case for anyone here, some people may hesitate to further discern whether God is calling them to a vocation of Holy Orders or the religious life because they understand the solemn commitments involved in those callings-and they are serious commitments-and no one wants to make them and take them back if they discover that they were following their own desires rather than the Lord's will.
The really short version of the story of my own vocation is not that the Lord came to me and said “go and be a deacon,” but rather that a series of happenings and events fell into place over a period of time in my life in such a way that the Holy Spirit was making Himself plain, I just needed to be open to hear, and see, and understand that. Before it was over the Lord might as well have put up a big sign in front of my face that said “DUH!”
We often look at today's Gospel and think that Jesus is simply chiding Peter for his lack of faith, but let us give the Holy Father some credit…it was his idea to step out on the water with Jesus to begin with, he said to Jesus “if it is really you, command me to come to you on the water” and so Jesus did, and Peter did not hesitate to go out on the water, he already believed that Jesus could make certain that Peter could come to him on the water. There was a storm brewing, the wind was almost certainly violent, and Peter doubts, and he begins to sink. Peter has a very human reaction that any of us might have had, and Jesus asks “oh ye of little faith, why did you doubt.” And yet, Jesus rescues Peter, Jesus verifies that Peter's initial faith that Jesus could get him across the water was not misplaced.
There is always going to be risk in following the Lord if we are truly following Him. The secular world is not going to understand what we are doing if we truly follow and do what the Lord would like us to do, and in some cases the world can be outright hostile. Sometimes our family members or friends will not understand our decision to live a Gospel life-to have more children if we are able, as just one example, despite the strange looks or derisive comments we might get from others. Or to make sacrifices for the good of the Church which, if left solely to our own devices, we might not be prepared to make. Jesus shows us that even if it appears we are sinking, even if we do not know how the Lord is going to do it, and even if we doubt the outcome in the midst of trial, if we trust in the Lord He will see us through. He may not do so in the way we are expecting, and the outcomes might not even be what we would choose, but the Lord will not abandon us.
The Lord may not be in the fire, or the wind, and there may not be a great earthquake as a sign of His presence in our lives, but if we are willing to listen for Him, listen for that whisper of His voice, to be still and know that He is God (cf. Ps. 46:10), we will be able to hear the Lord, and respond to His call. When we do, we will best be able to live the life that God wants us, in his love and mercy, to live for Him.
Mark Niesse was one of two reporters in a conference room inside a government building in downtown Atlanta in June 2017, listening to a presentation about an obscure accounting rule change. For the first time ever, governments were required to release detailed information about tax breaks given to companies. Niesse, a reporter at the Atlanta-Journal Constitution, hoped to answer a question that had long nagged him: Are tax incentives worth it?
In Fulton County, the largest of nine counties in the Atlanta metro area, officials were trying to comply with the new disclosures and had hired Ernst & Young to help. As the accountants spoke, Niesse peppered them with questions. At one point, the accountants left the room to discuss the accuracy of their numbers. “When they came back out, they agreed they needed to present the information in a clearer way,” Niesse recalls. That's when Niesse noticed an extensive spreadsheet on an accountant's laptop, open on the conference room table. Unlike the PowerPoint, the spreadsheet was crystal clear: it showed the parcel IDs and property taxes not paid on every recent development in Fulton County.
Niesse made a verbal FOIA request to the public relations officials in attendance. “They weren't counting on that,” he recalls. Back in the newsroom, he followed up with a written request, and by late June, the spreadsheet—with its 56 columns and 77 rows of data—was open on his computer. “It was a lot of good information,” he recalls. “I would have had a hard time doing that myself.”
Niesse pored over the data that summer and, by mid-September, published an explosive cover story with a solid, aggregated figure—$30.7 million in 2016 alone—for the flurry of tax abatements granted to companies in four of Atlanta's nine counties. But it was more than a numbers story. Niesse interviewed school officials to connect the tax giveaways with pressure on the district's budget, as well as other public services, such as police and libraries. “It would have been a massive undertaking before and almost impossible,” Niesse says. “You could do it, but only on a case-by-case basis.”
Reporting on tax abatements, an important and evergreen story on the economic development beat, has never been easy. Because of a culture of government secrecy, including the privatization of economic development in many states in recent years, reporters are often forced to write about corporate tax breaks in a vague or abstract way. Worse, they might take at face value overinflated figures on economic benefits hand-picked by local officials who negotiated them.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
That's changing, as a new accounting rule requires governments to disclose the costs of corporate tax breaks for the first time, including their impact on public services, such as school districts. Notably, this new era of accountability isn't due to a law passed by Congress, or any elected body. In 2015, the nonprofit Governmental Accounting Standards Board, which sets financial reporting standards for US state and local governments, issued the rule change in Statement 77. Although voluntary, most governments follow GASB rules because it helps them get higher bond ratings. The new rule requires governments to disclose not only the dollar amount of tax abatements in annual financial reports, but also their purpose, as well as any commitments to build infrastructure assets for companies. Based in Norwalk, Connecticut, GASB was formed in 1984, when there were few established standards for municipal finance.
Before GASB 77, it was difficult for journalists to inform the public about how much money was siphoned away from public services. Tax abatement deals are in the public record, but few states or regional governments were required to calculate the loss to government revenues in the aggregate—or, more importantly, to evaluate the benefits of such giveaways in a systematic way. Abatements offered by a patchwork of government entities—county, city, state—have made it hard to link, for instance, a massive tax giveaway to a local fire department struggling to buy a new truck, or a school district using outdated textbooks. It was also difficult to translate tax abatements into current dollar values, since many were disclosed on projections a decade or more in the future. “These are real-world numbers,” says Niesse of the Atlanta-Journal Constitution. “You can get the actual impact on the local government each year.” But Niesse cautions the GASB 77 disclosures are often only the start for reporters. “It doesn't make it easy, it just makes it available,” he says. He still had to cross-reference each parcel ID with auditor records, and then sometimes even used Google Maps to narrow down a company's identity. “It's not crystal-clear transparency,” he adds.
Before GASB 77, it was difficult for journalists to inform the public about how much money was siphoned away from public services.
The selective disclosure around tax incentives is a system rife with abuse and conflicts of interest. For example, in 2016, the City of Chamblee, in suburban Atlanta, approved an $11 million tax break to a company that employed the city's mayor. Across the country, a patchwork of entities—increasingly privatized and, therefore, not responsive to voters—are often the first to negotiate incentives with corporations. Moreover, many agencies claim exemptions from public records laws. This has made it difficult for reporters to inform the public until after an incentive is approved, stifling public debate. Sometimes even elected officials are the last to know about a deal. For example, in late 2015, officials with a development agency in a suburban county of Atlanta approved millions of dollars in tax incentives. Officials with the city of Brookhaven were never told they stood to lose half a million dollars in tax revenues.
Although Statement 77 was not intended as a tool for the press, the new disclosures have become a font of valuable information for journalists. In November 2016, Hilary Russ of Reuters was able to report what New York City lost in tax breaks that year: $3 billion, with most going to housing developers under a since-expired affordable housing program. In 2017, she used GASB 77 disclosures to report tax revenues losses of $1.2 billion for New York state, noting that at least half of that was going to the film industry.
In October 2017, Nicole Raz with the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported that tax abatements reduced state revenues by $55 million in 2016. Her story included a detailed breakdown of revenue losses for school and library districts, as well as specific counties. In March of this year, Maayan Schechter, a reporter with the The State, a daily newspaper in Columbia, South Carolina, examined available reports in 33 of the state's 46 counties, reporting that in 2016 alone, those counties lost $221 million in revenue from tax incentives. Schechter took her reporting a step further, detailing how a loss of $4.2 million had strained services inside one school district.
The larger tallies sometimes available in GASB 77 disclosures freed Jacob Barker, a business reporter at the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, to work with the newspaper's public education reporter on an investigation into how tax incentives influence the school district's budget. “I've always felt this obligation to report on every single project and was never sure if that was monotonous to readers,” he says. “You can't cover everything. What's new with GASB 77 is you get a snapshot for the entire year.” In a March 2018 story, Barker reported that the St. Louis Public Schools lost $18 million in 2017 to tax abatements. Barker, who has covered economic development for the past four years, says the audits are changing how he reports about economic incentives. “We want to do a deeper dive on what the district could have done with this money—the number of teachers they could have hired, the number of capital upgrades,” he says. “We want to ask them how important this chunk of cash might have been to their budget.”
Barker says the new disclosures should spur more public debate. Although 61 percent of the school district's budget is based on property tax receipts, city officials, who approve incentives, rarely, if ever, consult with local school officials about such deals before they make them. “School board administrators, they've been very quiet and never registered too much opposition to the use of tax abatements,” Barker says. “That might change. We have massive poverty in the city and the schools have been struggling for years.”
Scott Klinger, an expert on GASB 77 with Good Jobs First, a nonprofit in DC that closely tracks corporate subsidies and government disclosure, suggested more reporters should detail the losses to school districts. “There are a lot of stories that could be told that aren't being told,” he says. “What's most disappointed me is the education press hasn't jumped on this.”
Granted, not all states are complying with GASB 77, according to Nathan Jensen, a professor at the University of Texas-Austin, and co-author of the book, Incentives to Pander: How Politicians Use Corporate Welfare for Political Gain. In his review of reports nationwide, he's seen great variance in what governments decide to disclose. He pointed to Tampa, Florida, as a bright spot, especially with its 2017 annual report, which in addition to abatement totals, included details on job promises and jobs created. “This is the ideal,” Jensen says. “But for most communities complying, they are just giving a dollar amount of total abatements. Unfortunately, there are a lot of other examples of communities that don't look like they are disclosing any of their abatements.”
Most governments' fiscal years end in June, and annual financial reports must be released within six months. Reporters should scour this next round for stories. There has been a flurry of mind-boggling incentive packages approved in recent years by state and local officials. In Wisconsin, the Foxconn Technology Group is on track to receive up to $3 billion in tax breaks. Maryland lawmakers recently approved a $6.5 billion incentive package in their bid to lure Amazon's second headquarters to the state. GASB 77, of course, does nothing to stymie either deal. But as these projects move forward, reporters can at least find solid figures in annual audits to report on how such giveaways influence the budgets of public services.
“If you know there's a mega-deal and nothing is reported, and there's this new rule, there's an obvious story there: Why didn't you disclose anything?” suggests Klinger. Reporting is far from uniform nationwide. “The biggest problem for reporters is, if you look and see there's nothing there, that does not mean there's nothing there,” he says.
Russ, of Reuters, agrees. “Some places seem pretty rigorous in what they are disclosing, and some haven't disclosed anything,” she says. “Whether governments have disclosed information or not, that's the kind of information reporters should be demanding. If they can't, they should be asking why.”
GASB 77 is also empowering public officials to speak out about corporate abatements. Crosby Kemper III, director of the Kansas City Public Library, didn't know until 2010 how much money the library lost because of tax breaks. That year, he had invited Terry Ward, a PhD student studying tax incentives, and now a Park University professor, to speak to his board of directors. Ward estimated the library was losing $3 million a year. “We all fell out of [our] chairs,” Kemper recalls.
After the meeting, Kemper paid close attention to deals made by the city and county, and often watched in frustration as city officials claimed big, unprovable numbers about economic development benefits. “They never had to disclose the costs,” Kemper remembers. Finally, in 2016, Kemper had an unassailable figure: the library lost $2.6 million. “Now it's in the official record,” Kemper says.
ICYMI: The bought-out: What journalists sell when they take an exit package
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Mya Frazier is a business and investigative journalist based in Columbus, Ohio.
OTTAWA — One of the Liberal government's most influential economic advisers says Canada's defence industry will be critical to sparking innovation and ensuring the country's prosperity over the long term.
Dominic Barton, the chair of Finance Minister Bill Morneau's growth council, says the defence sector supports 60,000 high-paying jobs in Canada and accounts for a significant percentage of Canada's exports to other countries.
And there is room for growth, he says, given mounting instability in different parts of the world and commitments by not only Canada but many of its NATO allies to ramp up defence spending in the coming years.
But Canada's own plans to dramatically increase defence spending has hit a snag: Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan says the Trudeau government fell $2.3 billion short of its plan to buy new military equipment last year.
New York City FC announced Tuesday they have signed defensive midfielder Yangel Herrera on loan from sister club Manchester City.
The Venezuelan national will spend the entire MLS season, which begins March 5, with NYCFC.
Herrera completed a transfer from Atletico Venezula to the English giants just weeks ago, and presumably is making the move stateside for playing time.
The 19-year-old said he is excited to play under NYCFC head coach Patrick Vieira, who played the same position during his playing days.
“I know I'll be able to learn a lot,” Herrera said in a press release. “I want to absorb all the good things from Patrick and the other players.”
Herrera, who appeared in 32 games for Atletico, got his first senior team cap for Venezuela in October. He also captained his country's Under-20 team to third place at the South American Under-20 Championships this year.
“He's a tactically intelligent midfielder who is strong in the tackle and reads the game well,” said Vieira, who added he thinks Herrera can make an immediate impact. “Yangel also has good passing range and spatial awareness, which is crucial for a player in his position.”
NYCFC have signed 11 new players this season, expanding a roster that at times became bare last season.
Herrera also becomes the third player to join NYCFC on loan from Manchester City since the team's inception in 2015, joining Shay Facey and Angelino.
Birthdays Make Varun Happy
I'm absolutely cool about my birthdays, but yes, they do make me happy. I remember when I was a kid, my school friends used to come over and we'd play cricket in our building compound. Today, if I get time, I will play cricket on the (Kalank) sets as well."
Varun On His Birthday Plans
The actor was quoted as saying, "I feel my birthdays are more special for other people. Today, I had to wake up at 7 am to shoot a big scene with Alia. I was prepping for it in the run-up to my birthday, so I am concentrating more on work. Honestly, I don't think I can celebrate a lot."
On His Most Memorable Gift
"One of my cousins bought me a cricket bat once, and I was thrilled. Besides that, kapde aur joote jaisi cheezein gift mein milte hai. But actors ko sab kuch free mein hi milta hai. So, I don't get very happy nowadays when I get gifts. Aur kuch sentimental [gifts from near-and-dear ones] bhi nahi hone wala hai is saal. Itna kaam hai ki time hi nahi hai."
Varun On Teaming Up Again With Alia Bhatt In Kalank
"It was important for us to choose the right film to come back as a pair. People expect a lot from us. Kalank is very special for Karan's production house, as it has been in the making since 2004. I don't want to say too much, as the director [Abhishek Varman] is quite secretive that way."
Is Varun Planning To Get Hitched?
While the grapevine continues to churn out rumors about Varun planning to get hitched to his childhood sweetheart Natasha Dalal this year, the actor on the other hand said, "I honestly believe that one should get married only when one feels like going for it. I don't think you can pick any particular age to get hitched. It should happen at the right time, and I am sure it will be the same for me as well. At the moment, there is no plan as such, but whenever there is, I will let everyone know."
My ex-partner has advised that she is applying for a passport for our daughter. Can I object to this?
The rules on parents consenting to passports for children vary depending on if your partner is applying for a United Kingdom or Irish passport.
United Kingdom passport:
An application for a passport for a child under 16 must be signed by a parent or by someone with parental responsibility. For a young person aged 16 or 17, parental consent to an application is only needed if required by a court order or if the young person has a mental disability.
An application for a first passport for a child or to replace a child's passport that is lost or stolen must be countersigned.
An existing child passport can be renewed if your ex-partner still has their old passport and no change is needed to the child's name.
Objections to issuing a passport to a child under 16
An objection can be made to the issue of a standard passport to a child under 16. Unless an objection has been lodged, a passport will be issued if an application is made by either parent, provided they have parental responsibility, or by anyone else who has parental responsibility.
A parent or a guardian can object to the issue of a passport to the child if:-
You have a court order which confirms that the child's removal from the country is contrary to the wishes of the court; or
You have a residence order in your favour; or
You have a court order specifying that your consent to the child leaving the country is necessary; or
You have a court order supporting your objections to the child having a passport or leaving the country; or
a court has made a prohibited steps order preventing the child's removal from the United Kingdom.
If you wish to make an objection this should be made in writing, giving the full name, place and date of birth of the child(ren) concerned. The full name, place and date of birth of the parent against whom the objection is being lodged should also be given. The letter should be accompanied by the relevant court order, where appropriate, and this will be returned after being noted.
The objection can be made to any passport office. It may be quicker to lodge the objection in person. If that is not possible, and the matter is urgent, a telephone or fax request will be accepted. The objection will be logged on a computer and should take effect almost straight away. The passport office will inform all other passport offices.
If the child's passport is with the other parent who has parental responsibility Her Majesty's Passport Office cannot compel that person to surrender the passport. In these circumstances if you fear that your child could be abducted by the other parent you should seek legal advice since it may be necessary to obtain a court order to require the other parent to surrender the passport.
Irish passport:
If you are or were married to the other parent of your child, or if you are a joint guardian of the child, both parents/guardians must sign the parental consent section of the passport application form. If you are not in touch with your child's other parent/guardian, or if you refuse to give consent your ex-partner can apply to the District Court for a court order, which will allow the Passport Office to issue the passport without that consent.
If the birth was jointly registered by both parents in Northern Ireland or Great Britain, you could have joint guardianship even if you never married. If the birth was not jointly registered your partner may have to provide anaffidavit (AFF 1) stating that she is the sole guardian. This should be completed in the presence of a solicitor or Commissioner for Oaths.
For further advice get free, confidential and independent advice from your nearest Citizens Advice at www.citizensadvice.co.uk or for further information go to www.citizensadvice.org.uk.nireland
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- The Ottawa Senators are "hopeful" that Erik Karlsson will be ready for the start of the 2017-18 season following surgery to his left foot on Wednesday.
Senators general manager Pierre Dorion announced that Karlsson's recovery from surgery in Charlotte, N.C., to repair torn tendons in the foot would take approximately four months.
The 27-year-old suffered the injury during the club's surprising post-season run, which ended in the Eastern Conference final against the eventual Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins.
Karlsson thrived despite the injury, piling up 18 points in 19 games while soaking up more than 28 minutes per-game.
Ottawa said the tears to Karlsson's foot were found during an MRI following the season.
After the first round against Boston, Karlsson revealed that he had been playing through hairline fractures in that same left foot -- an injury suffered in late March, he said.
A four-month timeline would allow for Karlsson to return in mid-October, likely right around the start of the 2017-18 season. The NHL is expected to announce the schedule next week.
The first day of Spring 2018 may be here, but there are still reports of snow ahead in some areas. Today, the first day of Spring, is also known as the spring equinox or vernal equinox and this means that the sun will shine directly on the equator, making the length of the day and night nearly the same. The Spring Equinox 2018 in the Northern Hemisphere will be at the time of 12:15 p.m. ET today. Each year, the spring equinox lands on either March 20th or 21st each year. According to the National Weather Service, next year's Spring Equinox date is also on March 20th. TIME has reported that for those in the Southern Hemisphere of the world, the Spring Equinor happens at the exact opposite time of the year, which would be the Fall Equinox.
According to TIME, today is the one day of the year where the sun rises in the east and sets in the west for the entire world. To celebrate the day, here are some quotes to use as the status on your Facebook profile, text to friends, or tweet out online.
“Spring is nature's way of saying, ‘Let's party!'” Robin Williams came up with this cute quote.
“Behold, my friend, the Spring is come; the earth has gladly received the embraces of the sun, and we shall soon see the results of their love!” This quote was posted on Belief Net as an inspirational quote. It is by Sitting Bull.
For those worried about more snow in the future, this Lilly Pulitzer quote may be just what you need. “Despite the forecast, live like it's Spring.”
A sweet quote by Bernard Williams reads, “The day the Lord created hope was probably the same day he created Spring.” Another cute and hopeful quote is, “Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush.” This one is by Doug Larson.
“The beautiful spring came; and when Nature resumes her loveliness, the human soul is apt to revive also.” This quote is by Harriet Ann Jacobs and it's a good way of thinking, considering all of the cold winter storms that keep hitting.
An inspirational quote by Gary Zukav says, “The spring wakes us, nurtures us and revitalizes us. How often does your spring come? If you are a prisoner of the calendar, it comes once a year. If you are creating authentic power, it comes frequently, or very frequently.”
“A life without love is like a year without spring.” This quote is by Octavian Paller.
Mark Twain once said, “It's spring fever. That is what the name of it is. And when you've got it, you want – oh, you don't quite know what it is you do want, but it just fairly makes your heart ache, you want it so!”
On the first day of Spring, there are some places that give out freebies in tribute to the day. According to USA Today, Dairy Queen will be having its fourth annual “Free Cone Day” and will give out free small vanilla soft-serve cones while supplies last. Linda Chadwick, Rita's president and CEO, also has stated that Rita's Italian Ice will be giving out free items as well. Chadwick stated that, “The First Day of Spring, along with a free cup of Rita's Italian Ice, gives us the perfect opportunity to start the season by bringing a smile to everyone's face.” So, be sure to load up on your free frozen treats.
What Is Bitcoin Exactly? A Look at the Mysterious Cryptocurrency
One of them is worth over $10,000 and some experts say it could rise further. Bitcoin, the world's most popular virtual currency, allows people to buy goods and services and exchange money without involving banks, credit card issuers or other third parties.
It has a fuzzy history, having been used by hackers to demand ransom and for the purchase of illegal drugs online. But recently it's become more popular with a different crowd: speculative investors.
As its price keeps rising, here's a brief look at bitcoin.
How Bitcoins Work
Bitcoin is a digital currency that is not tied to a bank or government and allows users to spend money anonymously. The coins are created by users who "mine" them by lending computing power to verify other users' transactions. They receive bitcoins in exchange. The coins also can be bought and sold on exchanges with U.S. dollars and other currencies.
How Much Is It Worth?
One bitcoin trades [currently, at the time of publication] for $10,886 according to coindesk, a website that monitors the price. That's a more than ten-fold increase from the start of 2017, when it was worth under $1,000.
The value of bitcoins can swing sharply, though. A bitcoin's value plunged by 22 percent against the dollar in just three days earlier this month.
Why Bitcoins Are Popular
Bitcoins are basically lines of computer code that are digitally signed each time they travel from one owner to the next. Transactions can be made anonymously, making the currency popular with libertarians as well as tech enthusiasts, speculators -- and criminals.
Is It Really Anonymous?
Yes, to a point. Transactions and accounts can be traced, but the account owners aren't necessarily known. However, investigators might be able to track down the owners when bitcoins are converted to regular currency.
Who's Using Bitcoin?
Some businesses have jumped on the bitcoin bandwagon amid a flurry of media coverage. Overstock.com accepts payments in bitcoin, for example. The U.S. exchange operator CME Group said in October that it plans to open a futures market for the currency before the end of the year, if it can get approval from regulators. Still, its popularity is low compared with cash and cards, and many individuals and businesses won't accept bitcoins for payments.
Some high-profile banking executives have spoken against bitcoin, with JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon calling it a "fraud."
How Bitcoins Are Kept Secure
The bitcoin network works by harnessing individuals' greed for the collective good. A network of tech-savvy users called miners keep the system honest by pouring their computing power into a blockchain, a global running tally of every bitcoin transaction. The blockchain prevents rogues from spending the same bitcoin twice, and the miners are rewarded for their efforts by being gifted with the occasional bitcoin. As long as miners keep the blockchain secure, counterfeiting shouldn't be an issue.
How Bitcoin Came To Be
It's a mystery. Bitcoin was launched in 2009 by a person or group of people operating under the name Satoshi Nakamoto. Bitcoin was then adopted by a small clutch of enthusiasts. Nakamoto dropped off the map as bitcoin began to attract widespread attention. But proponents say that doesn't matter: The currency obeys its own internal logic.
An Australian entrepreneur last year stepped forward and claimed to be the founder of bitcoin, only to say days later that he did not "have the courage" to publish proof that he is.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — People in central Indiana are feeling puppy love following a special Valentine delivery.
The Indiana Canine Assistant Network delivered puppy love treats for the holiday.
This was the 6th year ICAN delivered the puppy gifts for the holiday.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Lunar eclipse, 'supermoon' will be visible for first time in decades Get ready to be supermooned Sunday night. For the first time in more than 30 years, we'll be treated to a total lunar eclipse combined with a supermoon — a...
Doomsday prophets: Don't buy green bananas with blood moon coming A perfect storm of religious prophecy, astronomical phenomena, global conflict, financial instability and natural disaster is conspiring to make this month's “blood moon apocalypse” the most dreaded doomsday ever. On...
Shortest lunar eclipse of century to create 'blood moon' The moon will turn red-faced early Saturday — but the heavenly treat will be very short-lived. Diehard lunar fans — lunatics? — will have to rise early to see the so-called “blood moon”...
Stunning images of this morning's Blood Moon TOKYO — Evening viewers in much of Asia and early risers in parts of the Americas were treated to a stunning lunar eclipse on Wednesday, though clouds obscured it for...
Elections Hacked or Not? Homeland Security Clarifies
The Department of Homeland Security on Thursday sought to clear up confusion over its assessment that 21 states had their election systems targeted by Russian government hackers, saying just because the hackers in some states didn't directly scan election systems, it doesn't mean they weren't looking to break into them.
DHS spokesman Scott McConnell said in a statement to The Associated Press that hackers in an unspecified number of states looked for vulnerabilities to exploit in other government computer systems as a way to get into the election systems. The other networks were usually connected to the election systems or shared similarities. He declined to discuss specific states.
The release of additional information came after state officials in Wisconsin and California said they had received conflicting reports from DHS about which of their computer systems were targeted by hackers during the 2016 presidential campaign. And late Thursday, Texas denied that it was among the states that had been targeted.
Texas Secretary of State Rolando Pablos sent DHS a letter saying federal investigators got it wrong and there was no attempted hack on his agency's website. Pablos wrote that his office "has determined conclusively that its agency website was not targeted and, furthermore, that DHS had relied on incorrect information." He asked the department to "formally correct its erroneous notification."
McConnell referred questions about Texas to his previous statement.
Last week, the department informed 21 states that their election systems had been targeted by "Russian government cyber actors," and officials in those states subsequently released that information publicly. The formal notification came after months of state election officials voicing frustration that the department had left them and the public in the dark for so long. DHS has said that most systems weren't breached, and there was no evidence that vote tallies or registration databases were altered.
Earlier this week, officials in Wisconsin and California said the Homeland Security Department provided additional information that they believed contradicted the department's earlier notification. Specifically, those state officials said they were told that the Russian hackers targeted computers systems that weren't related to their elections.
In California, the targeted system was the state's Department of Technology, which the secretary of state says it does not use for its IT services. The secretary of state declined further comment on Thursday. In Wisconsin, it was the state's Department of Workforce Development, which oversees job training and unemployment benefits.
Asked about the latest statement from DHS, Wisconsin Elections Commission spokesman Reid Magney said the agency was reviewing it. He had no further comment.
McConnell said the department stands by its initial assessment that 21 states were targeted by "Russian government cyber actors" looking for vulnerabilities in and access to election infrastructure. He noted that some of the intelligence used to make that determination cannot be shared publicly.
In the majority of the 21 states, DHS has said it only observed hackers scanning networks in preparation for breaking into the networks, not actual penetrations. But officials in Illinois have confirmed that hackers broke into the voter registration network for at least three weeks before being discovered in July 2016. Officials said there was no evidence that the hackers had changed any information.
The 21 states that told the AP last week that they had been targeted were: Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican Pause
1:17 White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
0:49 Helicopter video shows avalanches cutting off access to Stanley
0:17 Horse rescued from Eagle pool
1:24 Virtual reality arcade opens in Eagle
0:58 Risch objects to King letter
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Anshu Jain joins Cantor Fitzgerald as president amid growth push
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
BEDMINSTER, NJ (CBSMiami/AP) – There's mounting pressure from both sides of the aisle for President Donald Trump to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups for their actions in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend.
Trump, who has been at his New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But he will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for his initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which he blamed bigotry on “many sides.”
Attorney General Jeff Sessions vigorously defended Trump in a nationally televised interview Monday morning, saying that Trump had “clearly” denounced such violence and “he totally opposes” the values of white supremacy organizations.
Sessions also said Trump will be conferring with advisers and that the president would “do what is correct” in connection with the Virginia incident. The attorney general said a more sweeping condemnatory statement released by the White House on Sunday, a day after Trump's remarks, reflected the president's views.
The White House statement came as Trump aides tried to stem the damage. Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows, yet they struggled at times to explain the president's position. The new White House statement explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself.
Vice President Mike Pence, traveling in South America, condemned “these dangerous fringe groups” and said they “have no place in American public life and in the American debate.”
Trump said nothing, save for a few retweets. One was about two Virginia state policemen killed in a helicopter crash while monitoring the Charlottesville protests, another about a Justice Department probe into the violence.
In the hours after a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that he condemns “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
Speaking slowly from his New Jersey golf club while on a 17-day working vacation, Trump added: “It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump. Not Barack Obama. It's been going on for a long, long time.”
The White House statement Sunday went further.
“The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”
It added: “He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.”
The White House did not attach a name to the statement. Usually, a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual's responsibility for its truthfulness and often undercuts its significance.
Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said Sunday that he considered the attack to be terrorism. On Saturday, Trump had not responded to reporters' shouted questions about terrorism.
“I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear, it is terrorism,” McMaster told ABC's “This Week.” ”It meets the definition of terrorism. But what this is, what you see here, is you see someone who is a criminal, who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans.”
The president's homeland security adviser, Tom Bossert, defended the president's initial statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent, too. When pressed during a contentious interview on CNN's “State of the Union,” he specifically condemned the racist groups.
The president's daughter and White House aide, Ivanka Trump, tweeted Sunday morning: “There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis.”
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, said he spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and that he twice told the president “we have to stop this hateful speech, this rhetoric.” He said he urged Trump “to come out stronger” against the actions of white supremacists.
Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists. Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo. said on NBC Sunday that “This isn't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines. This is a time to lay blame.”
The president did not have any public events on Sunday. White House staff did not share any information on his activities except that he and his staff were monitoring the aftermath of the violence in Virginia.
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee. Counter-protesters massed in opposition.
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations. Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to “fulfill the promises of Donald Trump.”
Trump's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer, which wrote: “Trump comments were good. He didn't attack us. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. … No condemnation at all.” The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its “Summer of Hate” edition.
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer, a Democrat, slammed Trump's stance toward hate groups, saying on NBC's “Meet the Press” that he hopes Trump “looks himself in the mirror and thinks very deeply about who he consorted with.”
“Old saying: when you dance with the devil, the devil doesn't change, the devil changes you,” Signer said.
In Cartagena, Colombia, Pence responded to a reporter's question about the violence in Charlottesville and said, in part: “We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
Trump, as a presidential candidate, frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer his condemnation of white supremacists. His strongest denunciation of the movement has not come voluntarily, only when asked, and he occasionally trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during his campaign. His chief strategist, Steve Bannon, once declared that his former news site, Breitbart, was “the platform for the alt-right.”
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
A Houston, Texas woman tried to set a car on fire with herself and her three young daughters still inside, police say. Police say Ana Segovia eventually fled the vehicle being arrested. She is charged with three counts of aggravated assault. Click2Houston Broadcast/Screenshot
LEGASPI CITY—“Instead of an award, recognition or at least commendation, I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization...
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Last week, liberals desperately tried to prevent Jeff Sessions from becoming Attorney General. Now that their efforts have failed miserably, he can begin using the Justice Department to take down some of the most controversial and obstructive liberal policies passed under Obama's administration.
According to reports, one of the first items on the agenda is dismantling the transgender bathroom rules that have made many Americans feel unsafe.
These rules have made many people feel unsettled, from adult women fearing for their safety to teenagers who don't feel comfortable with vague guidelines about who can watch them change in the locker room. The concern surrounds the fact that men and women could abuse this rule by lying about their sexual orientation.
Sources say the DOJ will engage in a massive rollback in the rules that put girls and women in vulnerable situations.
Of course, not everyone is happy about the decision. Mara Keisling, the executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality, firmly opposes what she calls a reversal of the “progress” made under Obama.
“We saw this coming, and it's not a surprise, but the Trump administration is a mess,” she told The Huffington Post. “They take on the people they perceive as the weakest first. I don't think they understand how strong we are.”
What do you think? Do you agree with this policy reversal?
MOREHEAD CITY, N.C. (WNCT) — The Crystal Coast Civic Center hosted their fifteenth annual Carolina Chocolate Festival Saturday.
More than twenty-five chocolate vendors and hundreds of chocolate fans came out this weekend to participate.
To kick off the festival, the Civic Center held a “Cocoa 5K Race.”
The runners came out in the early morning cold to run in support of local charities, including Carteret County Domestic Violence and Carteret County 4H.
Race organizer Charles Teachey said that while it's great to help local charities, many of the runners were also here for the chocolate.
“They come out, have a good time, run,” said Teachey. “Then they go to the chocolate festival which is always good. That's what attracts a lot of people. After you finish the run you can just pop over to the Civic Center and have chocolate.”
The 5K had a record high number of participants this year, despite the cold weather.
Inside the festival, people were packed in to try the sweet treats that were up for grabs.
“They are really good,” said Avery Sassner, a young attendee of the festival. “I'm telling you the toffee is the best part of my life. I like it so much, but after I actually eat it I go bouncing off the walls.”
The festival brought chocolate vendors from all over to the Crystal Coast to sell their creations.
Tim Wyatt, the owner of Pecan Jack's candies, drove twelve hours to the festival from Santa Rosa Beach, Florida.
“This is our seventh year coming to the festival and we wouldn't miss it for nothing,” said Wyatt.
The celebration included a chocolate pudding eating contest, and people who came out said they were glad they did.
“Words can't describe it,” said attendee David Sassner, “It's one of those memory makers that all families should go after.”
But the festival was more than just fun. The proceeds from festival entry also went to local charities.
“Our $9 entry fee is truly considered a donation,” said festival organizer Judy Hailey. “That is our patron's way of giving back to the community.”
Hailey said that after this year, the festival will reach the mark of more than half a million dollars donated to local charities.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
EU capitals seek stronger right of veto on Chinese takeovers
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "2803","competition": "111","agency": "146","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832346","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "2803","competition": "111","agency": "146","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832346","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "2803","competition": "111","agency": "146","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832346","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "2803","competition": "111","agency": "146","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832346","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
TUCSON, Ariz. (WDTN) – Station Border Patrol agents recently seized two bundles of marijuana catapulted across the border from Mexico.
While patrolling an area east of the Douglas Port of Entry on February 10, agents noticed several people on the south side quickly retreating from the fence as they approached.
When agents arrived at the fence they found a catapult system attached to the south side of the border fence. They searched the area and located two bundles of marijuana.
Agents contacted law enforcement authorities in Mexico who responded to investigate. U.S. Border Patrol agents dismantled the catapult system which was seized by Mexican authorities. Border Patrol agents took possession of the marijuana that weighed more than 47 pounds.
Video of what God is doing. Visit the YouTube channel: Todd White for more
_______________________
facebook comments:
It's accelerating its rollout of the network built for connected sensors and machines
IDG
ATT is accelerating its rollout of LTE-M, an IoT network that's already being used to track shipping containers and pallets, monitor water use and connect fleets to the internet.
The carrier said Tuesday it will have nationwide LTE-M coverage in the U.S. by the middle of this year, six months ahead of schedule. Previously, ATT had said LTE-M would cover the U.S. by year's end.
That means everywhere in the country that ATT has an LTE network, it will also offer LTE-M. By the end of the year, it will have LTE-M across Mexico too, creating a broad coverage area for businesses that operate on both sides of the border.
LTE-M is one of several LPWANs (low-power, wide-area networks) that are emerging to link sensors and other devices to the internet of things. It's not as fast as the LTE that smartphones use, but it's designed to allow for longer battery life, lower cost, smaller parts, and better coverage. LTE-M has a top speed of around 1Mbps (bits per second) upstream and downstream and a range of up to 100 kilometers (62 miles), including better penetration through walls.
ATT is part of a wave of mobile operators considering or rolling out LTE-M. Others include Orange in France and SoftBank in Japan. ATT launched its first commercial trial of LTE-M last October in San Ramon, California, and has since opened another in Columbus, Ohio.
Several companies are already using the network for enterprise and consumer applications, ATT said. They include Capstone Metering, a supplier of wireless water meters; RM2, which makes storage pallets with sensors for monitoring inventory; and PepsiCo, which is using LTE-M to collect usage data from soda fountains. Consumers can dispense their own blends of soda from these fountains, and PepsiCo uses sensors to keep the fountains stocked and learn what blends are popular.
There are already several emerging LPWAN systems from mobile operators and other service providers. The growing LoRaWAN, Sigfox and Ingenu technologies come from outside the traditional mobile industry.
LTE-M and another technology, NB-IoT, are based on LTE and are designed to run over carriers' licensed spectrum. They may be the best options for enterprises concerned about interference and security, Ovum analyst Daryl Schoolar said.
Though alternative LPWAN providers got a head start as these LTE-based standards were developed, mobile operators can roll out the LTE technologies quickly because they often require nothing more than a software upgrade.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Question(s) of the Week 2: April 13, 2017
I was covered up this past weekend with questions on my radio program: Callers wondered why their fruit and pecan trees didn't bloom or produce fruit. Four in a row, all with different answers. I decided to put them all here for you.
1. “Neil, my pear tree only had two blooms. Why would that happen?” Larry in College Station.
My answer: Larry mentioned how few chilling hours (32F – 45F) College Station had this past winter. My best guess was that whatever variety he had (he didn't know) didn't get enough cold weather for it to bloom properly. Next year hopefully will be better. This was a problem for many peach varieties in Texas as well. The one January cold spell was quite cold, but the rest of the winter was very warm.
2. “Neil, my pomegranate blooms beautifully, but I get absolutely no fruit? Why would that happen?” Charlene in San Angelo.
My answer: I started by asking Charlene to describe her pomegranate's flowers. She replied, “Bright orange with lots of petals, like a big peony.” I told her I suspected she has an ornamental pomegranate (perhaps the variety ‘Pleniflora'), selected and propagated because it has much showier flowers and more of them. When I was a youngster growing up in College Station, TAMU had scores of that same variety on campus. I watched them for several years and even “borrowed” a few cuttings to grow in our own yard.
Continued Below
Advertisement
3. “Neil, my pecan tree is two years old and 18 feet tall. It is not producing pecans. Why?” Jackie in Leveland.
My answer: He told me the tree was 9 feet tall when he planted it. I told Jackie that was a very large tree that probably should have been cut back by half at the time of planting. However, the big issue is that pecans don't bear fruit as young as other fruit crops. It's normal not to have much of a harvest for 5 to 7 years.
4. “Neil, I don't get any apples, even though my tree blooms. Do I need a second variety?” Robert in Lubbock.
My answer: Robert pretty well provided his own answer. He probably needs a second variety that blooms at the same time. For whatever the reason, some types of fruit crops reject pollen from the same variety. Some people make the additional mistake of planting two trees of the same variety. That gains them nothing. You'll never go wrong planting a second variety of any fruit crop within bee-flying distance (as long as both varieties bloom at the same time).
Posted by Neil Sperry
Under 3 weeks left: Obama in closing stretch of presidency
hello
FILE - In this July 24, 2013, file photo, demonstrators rally in front of the White House in Washington, in favor of immigration reform. With just weeks left in office, the pressure is mounting for President Barack Obama to do something to solidify the future of hundreds of thousands of immigrants brought to the country as children who could face imminent deportation under the Trump administration. Associated Press
FILE - In this Dec. 16, 2016, file photo, President Barack Obama speaks during a news conference in the briefing room of the White House in Washington. Obama is entering the closing stretch of his presidency, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on his legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump. Associated Press
HONOLULU -- His last presidential vacation behind him, Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of his term, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on his legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington at midday Monday from Hawaii with less than three weeks remaining in his presidency. His final days in office will largely be consumed by a bid to protect his endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
His speech planned for his hometown of Chicago, on Jan. 10 is expected to be his closing message to the nation, and will be open to the public, according to a notice sent to Obama alumni and obtained by The Associated Press. The trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will include a "family reunion" for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with his second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like former government contractor Edward Snowden and former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to continue to focus on drug offenders whose plight he tried - but failed - to address through criminal justice reform.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and his aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped his team take over the massive bureaucracy that is the federal government. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump.
"The smooth transition of power is chief among priorities," said White House spokesman Eric Schultz.
But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump staff's requests for information that Obama aides fear could be used to identify and eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts in the final days to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on his annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted himself forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put him in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing passage of a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking against the U.S. political process.
Trump sided with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the first case and Russian President Vladimir Putin in the second. He's vacillated between praising Obama for how he's handled the transition, and criticizing him over it on Twitter.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define his presidency before he loses the bully pulpit and cedes his legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how his two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what he accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions. Some Republicans want to strip out unpopular "Obamacare" provisions while leaving major parts intact, while others prefer a start-from-scratch approach.
To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely his last such session with his party's lawmakers as president.
His administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood his policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start "offloading," turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be established, and Obama and his family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until their youngest daughter, Sasha, finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them normal freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to "a really nice prison." But on his last Hawaii vacation, Obama took time out with his family to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are "trapped" in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
___
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP
K-9 Edo's body was draped with an American flag before being removed from the scene. / CCSO photo
A Charlotte County Sheriff's Office K-9 missing since Saturday evening was found dead Monday after being hit by a car.
Edo was discovered missing from his kennel around 8 p.m. in the area of Cranberry Boulevard and Tamiami Trail in North Port.
He was last seen on Andalusia Street in that area around 11 p.m. Saturday.
Edo's body was found Monday morning by a resident walking her dog in the area of Cranberry at Velvet Lane, about a half-mile from his home.
His body was covered with an American flag and taken by Sarasota County Animal Services for a necropsy, which they said showed Edo have internal injuries consistent with being struck by a vehicle.
“He was a very friendly dog by all accounts. The handler said that anyone could approach him and call him by his name and the dog would be friendly and also approachable," said Katie Heck with CCSO.
Edo's handler was DFC Sean Davoli and the two had been together at CCSO since Dec. 2015.
"Understandably their whole family has suffered a loss today as well as the entire sheriff's office," Heck said.
CCSO said Edo was inside his latched kennel in Davoli's garage when he went missing. They're investigating to find out whether he got out or was removed.
Deputies said Monday the garage door was open due to the cooler weather.
"Could it be something as the dog just got out? Could it be something as somebody lifted the gate and got it out? We just don't have those answers right now," said Josh Taylor with North Port police.
Rusty Grahm, a former K-9 officer, trained police dogs for 18 years and said it's a possibility Edo could have run away even though he's trained.
"These dogs could be escape artists. They can pop clasps, they can open gates, they can over fences. They're pretty athletic," he said.
"Why couldn't they do that if something stimulated them in their garage?"
The community was helping out by sharing the sheriff's office Facebook post more than 2,000 times, as well as searching their neighborhoods.
North Port police assisted with the search, even using a drone in the Cranberry Blvd. area. They're now assisting with the death investigation.
"We're confident and we're hopeful. We're going to make sure we piece it all back together," Heck said.
© Copyright 2017 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
3:01
Town hall asks Rep. Chaffetz 'what is your line in the sand?' regarding Trump
The internet really has no chill. For some very weird reasons, a funny hashtag, #TrumpImpeachmentParty is trending on Twitter with Americans taking all sorts of shots at President Trump. See more tweets after the cut…
A report suggests growth of private sector employment beat projections by almost 50,000 jobs in January 2018 and small businesses were a big part of that growth.
Economists were projecting an increase of 185,000 private sector jobs for the first month of the new year. However, the ADP (NASDAQ:ADP) National Employment Report showed a growth of almost 50,000 more private sector jobs than expected — a total of 234,000 jobs in all. Significantly, small businesses contributed 58,000 of those.
Advertisement
January 2018 ADP Small Business Report
So what's the reason for this great performance?
The economy is firing on all cylinders with the New York Federal Reserve raising its estimate of U.S. gross national product growth by 3.98 percent for the fourth quarter. The unemployment rate is also at a 17-year low with the Bureau of Labor Statistics reporting it is now at 4.1 percent. And the stock market has been on a tear, increasing its value by trillions of dollars. Add fewer regulations and a more tax-friendly business environment and there is no telling how far this economy will go.
For small businesses, the current economic climate is providing new opportunities. According to the Biz2Credit Small Business Lending Index reports for December 2017, the approval rates at big banks and institutional lenders reached new highs at 25.2 percent.
Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody's Analytics, said in a press release on the ADP report, “The job market juggernaut marches on. Given the strong January job gain, 2018 is on track to be the eighth consecutive year in which the economy creates over 2 million jobs. If it falls short, it is likely because businesses can't find workers to fill all the open job positions.”
The Data
When it comes to company size, small businesses with 1-19 employees created 24,000 jobs and those with 20-49 were responsible for 33,000 jobs for a total of 58,000 jobs. Medium businesses of 50-499 employees created 91,000 jobs and the combined number for large businesses of 500 to 1,000+ employees added 85,000 jobs to the tally.
Businesses in the service industry generated the most jobs at 212,000 followed by goods-producing industries with 22,000.
Franchises
The ADP National Franchise Report fell short of December's numbers when franchises reportedly created 27,300 new jobs, but the franchise industry still had respectable number with 19,700 new jobs created in January. Restaurants contributed 14,000 jobs while auto parts and dealers brought in another 5,200. Accommodations, business services, and food retailers added an additinal 1,700, 200, and 100 jobs respectively.
Ahu Yildirmaz, vice president and co-head of the ADP Research Institute, said, “We've kicked off the year with another month of unyielding job gains,” said. “Service providers were firing on all cylinders, posting their strongest gain in more than a year. We also saw robust hiring from midsize and large companies, while job growth in smaller firms slowed slightly.”
(credit: Spencer Platt/Getty Images)
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) — President Donald Trump is declaring the need for a nationwide public relations effort to convince Americans, and particularly children, to not start using drugs.
He announced a new website — crisisnextdoor.gov — that warned of the dangers of opioids, including fentanyl. He also called for broadcasting “great commercials” during “the right shows” that demonstrate to children “how bad” drugs are.
Trump said tougher borders were needed to prevent the flow of drugs to the United States. He told the audience in Manchester, New Hampshire, that the nation needed a stronger southern border and a crackdown on sanctuary cities — including nearby Lawrence, Massachusetts — that he says supply drugs the nation's heartland.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SANDUSKY, Ohio - Three Ohio police officers who stopped a mother from throwing her baby out of second-story window are being honored for their heroics.
Lakewood police officers Joshua Greear, Nick Rebraca and Heather Herpka received the prestigious “Life Saving” award Wednesday night from the Ohio Tactical Officers Association at an event in Sandusky, according to WJW.
Officer Greear still can't believe what happened that morning. The harrowing call was all captured on police body cameras.
“I watched the video 100 times,” said Greear. “I was like did I really see that?”
The officers were responding to a home shortly after starting their shift around 7 a.m. this past November after neighbors reported hearing loud noises.
Officer Greear says a second-floor window was broken out, and it looked like items had been thrown out of the window, landing on a neighbor's car.
“The house was torn apart,” Greear said. “The back door was wide open and there's blood on the door frame and on the floor and you can hear noise from inside but there are no lights.”
The officers entered the home and called for the woman inside, who finally appeared, with blood on her clothing, speaking incoherently while holding her 19-month-old son.
When the officers tried to get the boy, to make sure he was okay, the woman ran into the bathroom and then toward the broken out window .
“That's when she wound up trying to throw him,” said Greear who immediately jumped to the rescue. “I bear hugged him, to her and her to me. I had my arms wrapped around both of them and we were able to get her back out.”
However the ordeal wasn't over.
The woman then began biting the child's face under his ear. Officers managed to safely free the boy, and she started kicking and biting them.
Eventually she was subdued and both mother and son taken to a local hospital for treatment. Officers say the child suffered only minor injures.
His mother received psychiatric treatment and wasn't charged criminally.
Officer Greear credited their intense training handling mentally ill persons and says they just did what any other officers would have done in that situation.
Bitcoin futures start trading
Bitcoin futures surged more than 20% on their debut on Monday, forcing a major US derivatives exchange to halt trading twice as Wall Street seeks to ride a wave of interest in the controversial digital currency.
ESPANOLA, Ont. — Provincial police say they've recovered the body of a missing swimmer at Chutes Provincial Park.
Police say a 28-year-old man was reported missing on Sunday night after failing to resurface while swimming in the park about 30 kilometres west of Espanola, Ont.
The victim has been identified as Talwinder Singh of Lasalle, Que.
An autopsy to determine the cause of death is scheduled for Friday.
Ms. Baskin, age 66, passed away Sunday, May 27, 2018 at her residence in
Cookeville.
She is preceded in death by her parents, James and Pattie Taylor; son, Larry McCrary; brothers, Jackie Nabors, Kenny Nabors; and sister, Mary Horton.
She is survived by her daughter, Melissa (Chris) Melton; brother, Charles (Bobbie June) Nabors; sisters, Kaye (Ronnie) Dickens, Linda Jackson; grandchildren, Macey Justice, Givens Phillips IV, Clay Melton, Dane Melton, Cruz Melton; and father of her children, Bob Larry McCrary.
Ms. Baskin was a tire maker with Bridgestone and formerly employed with Lux Clock in Lebanon.
Active pallbearers will be Tommy Huttchson, Bobby Jackson, Ronnie Dickens, Jody Nabors, Jimmy "Bubba" Horton and Bill Hollis. Honorary pallbearers will be Givens Phillips IV and Macey Justice.
Partlow Funeral Chapel is in charge of arrangements, 615-444-7007, obituary line 615-444-7700, partlowchapel.com.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
Mansfield Town fans left disappointed after watching their side draw 1-1 with play-off rivals Luton.
Stags were in the driving seat through an Alfie Potter striker until Danny Hylton levelled from the penalty spot to leave Mansfield still two points adrift of the top seven.
Stags v Luton fans.
Match photographer Anne Shelley captured these faces in the crowd as the drama unfolded..
Can you spot a familiar face?
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — The 26th Annual Unnatural Resources Fair kicked off Friday with hundreds of people filling the Greenville Convention Center.
Anyone from kids in kindergarten to senior citizens could participate.
To submit an entry, each person had to present a creation that was made up of 80 percent recycled materials.
Categories included tools, toys, and miscellaneous.
“We love to see everybody's creativity with what we are throwing away,” said Jacqueline Ponder, founder of the Natural Resource Institute. “North Carolina throws enough away to go around the world twice each year. 80 percent can be reused. So we just have to get our thinking caps on and get busy.”
The entries will be judged at 10 a.m. Saturday, and the top prizes will receive a trophy or medal.
The final major demonstrations of the loyal order marching season will take place in six main venues on August 26, with members of the Royal Black Institution on parade.
The Institution has 17,000 members in around 350 preceptories, and will demonstrate in Comber, Antrim, Castledawson, Lisburn, Omagh and Aughnacloy for the traditional ‘Last Saturday' event.
Sovereign Grand Master Millar Farr, who will be taking part in the Castledawson procession said the institution was once again looking forward to the much-anticipated day in the parading calendar.
He said: “The ‘Last Saturday' traditionally brings the curtain down on the loyal order parading season and we are expecting yet another magnificent finale.
“The various demonstrations will offer a wonderful spectacle of culture and pageantry, attended and enjoyed by large crowds at six different venues across the Province.”
COMBER
The largest parade of the day will be in Comber where 5,000 members of the loyal order will be on parade. A total of 107 preceptories and approximately 100 bands will take part in the procession.
The districts represented will be Lower Iveagh, Lecale, Castlewellan, Newry, Banbridge, Rathfriland, Mourne, Largymore, Ballynahinch, Newtownards, Saintfield, Bangor and Comber.
Among the many preceptories stepping out will be the largest in the Institution, Elijah's Chosen Few RBP 208 from Mourne District, with more than 250 members.
A large crowd is expected to turn out to watch the parade, which was last held in the Co Down town in 2004.
The main procession moves off at noon from Parkway via Killinchy Street, The Square, High Street, Braeside, Ballygowan Road, Railway Street, Glen Link and Belfast Road.
The religious service will begin at 3pm and will be chaired by Brian Hunter, Co Down Grand Master. Rev Stanley Gamble will conduct the service of worship.
Assistant Sovereign Grand Master, William Baillie, will be the guest speaker.
ANTRIM
Up to 80 preceptories will take part in the demonstration in Antrim.
The main parade will assemble at Fountain Hill at 12.30pm and proceed through the town via Fountain Street, Church Street, High Street, Bridge Street and Dublin Road to the field on the Randalstown Road.
The participating Co Antrim preceptories will come from six districts representing Antrim, Lisburn, Ballymena, Larne, Ballymoney and Ballyclare.
It is expected there will be 75 bands and 2,500 members of the Royal Black Institution on parade.
The platform proceedings will begin at 3pm under the chairman, Charles Hamilton, Antrim District Master. Co Antrim Grand Chaplain, Robert Campbell, will conduct the service of worship.
The guest speaker will be Rev William Anderson, imperial deputy grand master and imperial deputy grand chaplain.
A Last Saturday parade was last held in Antrim town in 2011.
CASTLEDAWSON
Sovereign Grand Master Millar Farr will be the special guest at the Co Londonderry demonstration in Castledawson.
The village is hosting a Last Saturday parade for the first time.
The demonstration will include 35 preceptories representing districts in South Londonderry, City of Londonderry, Coleraine and Raphoe, Co Donegal.
Thirty bands will accompany the parade, which begins at midday from Hillhead Road proceeding through the village to the demonstration field on the Magherafelt Road.
The platform proceedings are at 2pm and the preacher will be Rev John Noble, imperial deputy grand chaplain.
The principal speaker will be the sovereign grand master.
LISBURN
The City of Belfast Grand Black Chapter demonstration will be held this year in Lisburn.
It is tradition for members of the institution in Belfast to parade in various provincial towns and cities.
A total of 54 preceptories, representing seven districts, will step out in Lagan Valley, accompanied by 33 bands.
The main parade will move off at noon from Wallace Park and the procession route will be Seymour Street, Castle Street, Market Street North, Market Street South, Market Street, Smithfield Street, Market Place, Bow Street, Antrim Street, Antrim Road and North Circular Road, returning to Wallace Park for a religious service.
The principal speaker will be City Grand Master, William Elliott, with the service of worship conducted by Alan McIntosh, city grand chaplain.
City Grand Registrar, Christopher Cunningham, will chair the proceedings.
OMAGH
Twenty-four preceptories will be on parade in Tyrone's county town on the Last Saturday.
Sir Knights from Omagh, and neighbouring Castlederg and Strabane districts, will be accompanied by as many bands for the annual procession.
The event will be a special occasion for Omagh District and Omagh Olive Branch RBP 185, who both celebrate their 150th anniversaries.
The main parade will commence at 1pm and move via Crevenagh Road, Irishtown Road, Dublin Road, Market Street, High Street, John Street, James Street, Church Street, George's Street, High Street, Bridge Street, Drumragh Avenue, Market Street and Campsie Road before returning to the Crevenagh Road for a religious service.
The platform proceedings will begin at 2.30pm and the chairman will be Stanley McFarland.
The service of worship will be conducted by Co Tyrone Grand Chaplain, Rev Alan Irwin, and the preacher will be Rev Nigel Reid, an imperial grand chaplain.
The guest speaker will be Ivan Kelly, past assistant sovereign grand master.
AUGHNACLOY
Up to 80 preceptories and a similar number of bands will take part in the demonstration in Aughnacloy.
The large parade in the south Tyrone village, hosting a Last Saturday procession for the first time since 2006, will commence at 11.45am.
The districts represented are from the Republic of Ireland, Fermanagh, Primatial, Summerisland, Killyman, Aughnacloy and East Tyrone.
Senior Sir Knights in attendance will include Imperial Grand Registrar, Billy Scott, and Imperial Grand Treasurer, David Livingstone.
The main parade will commence from the assembly field on the Tullyvar Road and proceed via Moore Street to the demonstration field on the Caledon Road.
The religious service, starting at 2.15pm, will be chaired by Aughnacloy District Master, Harold Erskine.
Co Tyrone Grand Master Richard Emerson will be the principal speaker. The preacher will be Robin Fairburn, chaplain of Saintfield District.
Peace “Only Way Forward” For Yemen
UNITED NATIONS, Jul 4 2018 (IPS) - Tackling the relentless conflict in Yemen has never been more urgent as it has pushed the Middle Eastern nation “deep into the abyss.” However, much can be learned from recent and ongoing initiatives.
While a recent humanitarian conference on Yemen attempted to address the ongoing conflict and humanitarian crisis, Norwegian Refugee Council Europe's Director Edouard Rodier told IPS that it was a “failed opportunity.”
“We didn't have the right people because those who are in a position to make political decisions, the kind of decisions that we need, were not there,” he said.
The conference was co-chaired by Saudi Arabia, one of the parties to the Yemeni conflict, and France, who has long backed the Saudi-led coalition, raising concerns over the event's credibility.
“We all know that the main problem is man-made and if you really need to find a solution, you need the two parties around the table…we cannot expect from a conference that is only representing one party to the conflict that is supported by allies or countries that have interest on the one-side of the conflict to reach a significant political gain,” Rodier told IPS.
An Escalation of Violence
Since violence broke out three years ago, 22 million Yemenis are now dependent on aid and over eight million are believed to be on the verge of starvation.
Health facilities have been cut by more than half, thousands of schools have been destroyed, and over 2,000 children have been killed, according to UNICEF.
After a four-day visit, United Nations Children Agency's (UNICEF) Executive Director Henrietta Fore observed what was left of children in the war-ravaged country.
“I saw what three years of intense war after decades of underdevelopment and chronic global indifference can do to children: taken out of school, forced to fight, married off, hungry, dying from preventable diseases,” she said.
Approximately 11 million children — more than the population of Switzerland — are currently in need of food, treatment, education, water and sanitation.
Health facilities have been cut by more than half, thousands of schools have been destroyed, and over 2,000 children have been killed, according to UNICEF.
“These are only numbers we have been able to verify. The actual figures could be even higher. There is no justification for this carnage,” Fore said.
Violence has only escalated in the past month after a Saudi-led offensive in Hodeidah, which has already displaced 43,000, left three million at risk of famine and cholera, and provoked an international outcry.
Fore said that basic commodities such as cooking gas has dwindled, electricity is largely unavailable, and water shortages are severe in most of the western port city.
Prior to the war, Hodeidah's seaport was responsible for delivering 70 percent of Yemen's imports including fuel, food, and humanitarian aid.
“In Hodeida, as in the rest of the country, the need for peace has never been more urgent,” Fore said.
“Parties to the conflict and those who have influence over them should rally behind diplomatic efforts to prevent a further worsening of the situation across the country and to resume peace negotiations,” she added.
However, the struggle for control over Hodeidah forced Paris' humanitarian conference to downgrade from a ministerial-level event to a technical meeting, preventing any political discussion on the crisis.
“It became a very technical meeting with different workshops to discuss things that really then would have needed the presence of people who have a knowledge of what is happening on the ground. It is good to have workshops and technical discussions with the right people at the table,” Rodier said.
But who are the right people?
A New Hope?
Many are now looking to new U.N. Envoy to Yemen's Martin Griffiths whose recent efforts have sparked some hope for a possible ceasefire and peace deal.
“The U.N. Special Envoy is in the best position to lead this process. He should receive all the backing from all the countries that are presenting good will and that want to see progress,” Rodier told IPS.
Griffiths has been meeting with both parties to the conflict who have agreed to temporarily halt the assault on Hodeidah and have expressed a willingness to return to the negotiating table after two years of failed attempts.
While control over the port city was a point of contention that led to the failure of previous talks, Griffiths said that the Houthi rebels offered the U.N. a lead role in managing the port — a proposal that both parties accepted and a move that could help restart negotiations and prevent further attacks.
He expressed hope that an upcoming U.N. Security Council meeting will result in a proposal to be presented to the Yemenis.
However, political commitment and international support is sorely needed in order for such an initiative to be successful.
For the past three years, the Security Council has been largely silent on the crisis in Yemen and the U.N. continues to be lenient on Saudi Arabia's gross violations of human rights.
The U.N.'s recent Children and Armed Conflict report noted that the Saudi-led coalition was responsible for more than half of child deaths and injuries in Yemen in 2017. The report also accused both Houthis and the Saudi coalition of recruiting almost 1,000 child soldiers — some as young as 11 years old.
However, the Secretary-General failed to include the coalition in his report's list of shame.
Instead, the coalition was put on a special list for countries that put in place “measures to improve child protection” despite a U.N. expert panel having found that that any action taken by Saudi Arabia to minimise child casualties has been “largely ineffective.”
Rodier urged for the international community to maintain a sense of urgency over Yemen.
“We need to have another kind of conference with the ambition to have political gains that is U.N.-led and it has to happen soon,” he told IPS.
“We need some kind of mediation…there will be no military solution to the humanitarian crisis today in Yemen. It has to be a political solution,” Rodier added.
Fore echoed similar sentiments, highlighting the need for a political solution to the conflict.
“We all need to give peace a chance. It is the only way forward,” she said.
It is now up to the international community to step up to the plate to prevent further suffering and violations. If not, peace will continue to remain elusive with repercussions that will last generations.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Do not allow yourself to be intimidated by those who like to throw their weight around. With Mars and Pluto strong this weekend it's inevitable they will try to make life difficult for you. Stay calm, smile sweetly and carry on as before.
DETECTIVES have charged two people over the armed robbery of a Laidley service station on Saturday.
Police will allege three males entered the Vaux Street business armed with two iron bars about 7.30pm.
A 20-year-old man of no fixed address has been charged with armed robbery and is due to appear in Ipswich Magistrates Court this morning.
A 16-year old Laidley North boy has also been charged with armed robbery.
Three men robbed a service station in Laidley on Saturday, June 30. Contributed
They allegedly threatened the female staff member and stole cigarettes before running out of the store.
The female staff member was not physically injured during the incident.
Investigations are continuing. If you have information, please phone Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or Policelink on 131444.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. -- Forget that Tom Brady shattered NFL records as a 40-year-old quarterback in the 2017 season, playing some of his best football in his 18-year career.
Brady didn't just dominate the 40-year-old age bracket; his excellence extended across the entire NFL. And on Saturday, he became the oldest player to win the NFL's Most Valuable Player award.
Brady earned 40 votes in balloting by a nationwide media panel, easily winning over Los Angeles Rams running back Todd Gurley (8) and Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz (2).
Patriots wide receiver Julian Edelman accepted the award on Brady's behalf at the NFL Honors awards ceremony in Minneapolis.
"There's no quarterback I'd rather have on my team than Tom Brady," Pats coach Bill Belichick said leading up to Sunday's Super Bowl LII showdown against the Eagles. "I'm glad I have him."
Brady, who also was the NFL's MVP in 2007 and 2010, will try to win his sixth Super Bowl title Sunday. The last NFL MVP to win the Super Bowl was Kurt Warner in the 1999 season.
Voted first-team All-Pro for the 2017 regular season, Brady was 385-of-581 for a league-high 4,577 yards, with 32 touchdowns and eight interceptions, while leading the Patriots to a 13-3 record.
In addition to being the oldest to win NFL MVP, Brady is the oldest QB to start in the Super Bowl and the oldest to lead the NFL in passing yards. Fran Tarkenton, with 3,468 yards in 1978 at age 38 with Minnesota, previously held the distinction.
Brady's historic season at 40 has been a topic that has followed him all season, which he has embraced by highlighting his commitment to his craft and producing the documentary "Tom vs. Time," with the first four installments released in the week leading up to Super Bowl LII.
"I learned that I need to invest in my body, and invest in the things that are going to make me feel good, or else I would have stopped playing 10 years ago," he said. "I don't think there is any way you can continue to play if your body can't do it."
Brady joined 12 other quarterbacks since the 1970 merger to start an NFL game past age 40. The oldest player to attempt a pass in a game was George Blanda at age 48 as a member of the Oakland Raiders in the final game of his career, on Dec. 21, 1975.
Brady also became the fourth Patriots player to play at 40, joining quarterbacks Doug Flutie (43 in 2005) and Vinny Testaverde (43 in 2006) and linebacker Junior Seau (40 in 2009).
As for why he can continue to play, he said in the days leading up to Super Bowl LII: "I just think I love the game. It's easy to do this when you love it. I think the point is: If you find something you love to do, it never feels like work. I found football, and I found it at a young age, and I just loved it. "It's hard to explain -- I just love the preparation, I love the offseason, I love the film work. I think a big part of it is because my body feels good, and I've worked hard [at that]. ... I think for a lot of older players, their body doesn't respond. And football is no fun when you're hurting."
On Sunday, at 40 years and 185 days, Brady will become the oldest non-kicker to play in a Super Bowl.
Harmon on $1.7B judgment in TPL land battle… PPP left some “deep dark holes”
Minister of State, Joseph Harmon has labelled as “unfair”, a recent ruling of the High Court, which has ordered the government to pay over $1.7B in damages to Toolsie Persaud Limited (TPL) in relation to a land dispute. He noted that the previous PPP administration has left some “deep dark holes” for the current administration to fill.
Last Thursday, High Court Judge Brassington Reynolds handed down the decision, ruling that the government of Guyana will have to pay the $1.7B in damages, as well as $500,000 for the defendant's court cost, along with interest.
The tract of land that was subject of the court matter is west of the UG access road, and borders south of the Rupert Craig Highway. It includes the land that MovieTowne is currently building its sprawling complex.
In May of 2011, Multicinemas Guyana Incorporated purchased part of the disputed land from the National Industrial and Commercial Investments Limited (NICIL) for $187M.
The Trinidadian company wanted the land for the construction of several cinemas and a mall. Multicinemas is owned by the MovieTowne shopping complex, located in Port of Spain, Trinidad.
Around October 1987, Toolsie Persaud entered into a written agreement of sale with government for immovable property, which was impliedly warranted to belong to the government.
This included a tract of land described in official documents as areas ‘C', ‘F', ‘G', ‘H', ‘K', ‘N', ‘J' and ‘O', at Plantation Turkeyen. The tract of land was in excess of 83 acres.
The land was vested to the state in July 1977 via compulsory purchase orders made four months earlier.
According to the affidavit, in 1987, Persaud agreed that the purchase price was $2,217,100 with one third paid at the signing of the agreement. The balance was to be paid on the passing of the Transport. The company never received the transport although it took possession in 1988.
In 1993, Toolsie Persaud then moved to acquire the lands via the Prescriptive Title process and the Caribbean Court of Justice (CCJ) in 2008 adjudged that areas ‘C', ‘F', ‘G' and ‘H' had been acquired by the company via Prescriptive Title.
Following the CCJ decision, the Guyana Government was ordered to pass the Transport. However, the then Attorney General refused or neglected to and Toolsie Persaud commenced legal proceedings in 2008.
According to the court documents, during this period of the court actions, Toolsie Persaud found out that the land was put up for sale by Government. Immediately the company attempted to block the move, in January 2009.
The action was dismissed, but an appeal was filed in 2010.
According to Minister Harmon yesterday, the judgment on Friday, stemming from a case which the Coalition Government inherited, has not yet been discussed at the level of Cabinet and he therefore could not say what the decision will be.
“It is something that will have to be discussed at Cabinet,” he said yesterday.
“It just goes to show the levels to which this country had sunk under the PPP and the huge amount of debt they have created for us. We have had no benefit whatsoever from that,” Minister Harmon said.
He said the Opposition sold the land to persons who were on friendly terms with them, at a price which was beneficial to those persons.
“But now the burden has become one for us. That is not fair,” he stated.
According to reports, the judge ordered that interest be paid at a rate of six percent per annum from the filing of the writ in 2008 to last Friday. Additionally, the interest of four percent per annum has to be paid from the date of judgment, until full payment.
Lawyers for the State had requested and were granted a six-week stay of execution in the event of an appeal.
TPL and the government were represented by Senior Counsel Robin Stoby and Ashton Chase, respectively. NICIL, meanwhile, was represented by attorney Timothy Jonas.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – A bald eagle had to be rescued late last month after flying into a power line in Chanhassen, according to the Carver County Sheriff's Office.
Authorities received a call about the incident at about 2:25 a.m. on June 29. An Xcel Energy employee was checking on a power outage in the area of 8404 Waters Edge Drive in Chanhassen and came upon the bald eagle.
The sheriff's office believes the bird hit the power line and fell to the ground. When sheriff's deputies arrived to the area, they say the bald eagle was disoriented and attempting to fly away.
Authorities say nobody from the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources was available, so a Raptor Center employee was contacted to net the eagle. It was then taken to the Raptor Center for treatment.
Two people are behind bars after police executed narcotics search warrants at two separate locations in Johnson City.
Broome County Special Investigations and the Metro SWAT team recovered almost 5.8 grams of heroin, 6.1 grams of crack cocaine, and packaging materials in the Grand Avenue apartment of Shanika Cassis, 30.
Cassis has been charged with the following crimes:
Criminal Possession of a Controlled Substance in the 3rd degree
Criminal Possession of a Controlled Substance in the 4th degree
Criminally Using Drug Paraphernalia in the 2nd degree
4.7 grams of crack cocaine, packaging materials, and a .22 caliber rifle was recovered at the Roberts Street apartment of Abdul Shabazz, 38.
Shabazz has been charged with the following crimes:
Criminal Possession of a Controlled Substance in the 3rd degree
Criminal Possession of a Controlled Substance in the 4th degree
Criminally Using Drug Paraphernalia in the 2nd degree
Criminal Possession of a Weapon in the 4th degree
Both are being held at the Broome County Jail without bail.
The event will take place Wednesday at 6 p.m. at Mt. Juliet High School. The event is designed to educate parents about how to keep their children safe online. “Sextortion,” nudes and location tracking are just a few of the topics expected to be covered.
Supervisory special agent Dennis Fetting has conducted similar training sessions for years and continues to conduct the events because of new constantly emerging threats.
“We're seeing new trends in cyberbullying and exploitation – and these new trends have to do with social media. Our goal is to raise awareness about the issues and make sure parents know how to respond,” Fetting said.
The presentation will include tips and strategies from iGuardian and NetSmartz, designed to empower parents, teachers and administrators in the digital age.
Only parents and adults will be allowed to attend due to some of the graphic nature of the presentation.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Sir Tony Atkinson, economist and campaigner, 1944-2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Sanju Trailer REACTION| Ranbir Kapoor | Sanjay Dutt | Sonam Kapoor | Anushka Sharma | FilmiBeat
What an actor! What a performance! This is how it should be done! Amazing! Mind-blowing! Well, we feel you.
The much-awaited trailer of Sanjay Dutt's biopic 'Sanju' helmed by Rajkumar Hirani, starring Ranbir Kapoor in the lead role is finally out and Ranbir's hard-work and dedication speak volumes about the terrific actor that he is. He is one of the greatest talents, we have in Bollywood and no one can replace him.
'Sanju' showcases the highs and lows of Sanjay Dutt's life-giving an insight into the unbelievable story of the actor and each and every second of the trailer will leave you wanting for more. Enough of talking, check out the trailer yourself and let Ranbir take you on a three-minute crazy ride!
There are many scenes in the trailer that will leave a long-lasting impact on your mind. One's heart breaks when Ranbir gets slapped; while in one gut-wrenching scene, he is seen shouting for help when the prison toilet overflows.
In the trailer, we got a glimpse of all the stars of Sanju including Paresh Rawal, Manisha Koirala, Sonam Kapoor, Dia Mirza, Anushka Sharma, Vicky Kaushal and Mahesh Manjrekar.
The film is slated to hit the threatres on June 29, 2018 and we can't wait enough for the day!
Millions of Americans have been anxiously awaiting 2017—the year when Donald Trump will finally become our president. On New Year's Eve, the president-elect took to Twitter to share a message that had his supporters cheering.
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 31, 2016
Daily Mail reported that Trump's message was targeted toward the detractors who have been working hard to keep him out of the White House and ruin his inauguration ceremony. This comes after Trump announced that he will be cutting down the length of his inauguration parade by an hour so that he can focus on “getting some work done” before he attends his three inauguration balls.
When Obama was first elected in 2008, he threw himself an hours-long parade before attending 10 balls for himself.
“This is going to be a shorter parade, an hour to hour and a half or so so he can go to work,” Alex Stroman, a spokesman for the inauguration committee. “That's what the American people elected him to do.”
What do you think about this?
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Photo: Courtesy Def Jam
By Jon Wiederhorn
Iggy Azalea has returned with the new song “Savior,” which features Migos member Quavo.
Related: Iggy Azalea Preps Comeback Single ‘Savior' with Quavo
The track starts with lyrics from the Lisa Stansfield song “All Around the World and then contrasts an offbeat keyboard line with a straightforward electronic beat. Iggy compliments the music by switching between melodic vocals and rapid rap lines.
In the pre-chorus, Iggy sings, “My heart beats for you only/ Wonder if you even know me?/ Countin' down every moment that I waited for ya, waited for ya/ Wonder if you even notice/ Baby I have been feeling hopeless/ Easy to lose focus, but I'll wait for ya.”
Quavo's heavily Auto-Tuned chorus is simple, but it's the centerpiece of the song, and is bound to become a sing-along for fans: “I've been looking for a savior/ I've been looking for a savior/ I've been looking for a real one to hold onto/ I've been looking for a savior.”
Check out lyric video for “Savior” below:
Akshay- The Man Who Aced In Every Biopic Which He Did
To this, the superstar told DNA, "I don't know anything about being an expert. I've successfully done Airlift, which was about a businessman who helped evacuate 1,70,000 Indians from Kuwait. The second one was Rustom that was inspired by commander KM Nanavati. Toilet: Ek Prem Katha was based on the story of Anita and Shivram Narre and now, I'm doing PadMan, which is the true-life account of Arunachalam Muruganantham. These guys are real heroes and their lives have been truly inspiring."
Akshay Talks About The Real Padman- Arunachalam Muruganantham
He was quoted as saying by the leading daily, "I admire him. Just imagine, he was almost the first Indian man who truly understood what his wife went through, month after month. And he felt that he needed to do something about it. By ‘inventing' the low-cost sanitary napkin, he has done a service to the future generations of women."
A Biopic On Akky's Life?
To this, he quipped, "No. Take someone like Sanjay Dutt. His life is interesting, so it makes sense to make a biopic on him. My life is not too exciting."
Be The Change
Earlier, when Akshay was asked about starring in PadMan which delves into the topic of menstruation, the actor had said, "If you change nothing, nothing will change. It's not about being bold, but about breaking taboos that hold us back. I have lived with women all my life, yet I have learnt more about the topic while making this film than ever before. I do not mind who I offend or whose stomach I turn by being bold, this is not the Stone Age; menstruating is natural."
What Makes Padman Different From Other Superheroes?
"Frankly, I didn't know anything about sanitary napkins till two years ago; I had not even held one in my hand. My sister or my wife didn't ask me to go to the pharmacy to get one. However, after Tina (Twinkle Khanna) researched Arunachalam's life and wrote about him in her book - The Legend of Lakshmi Prasad - she told me about him at length. And I became so interested in his life that when she suggested making a biopic on him, I was fully charged.
Padman has ventured where no other superhero has. I think Arunachalam's story is more relevant than that of other superheroes like Batman and Superman because he dealt with a common woman's problem. And I think I'm doing him service by bringing his story to the big screen."
Is He Planning To Join Politics Like His 2.0 Co-Star Rajinikanth?
"I'm not entering politics. Doing movies that address public issues doesn't mean that I'm paving the way for a political career. I'm very happy being an actor. I don't have an agenda but this kind of cinema gives me joy.For instance, after watching OMG - Oh My God! people went to temples but they stopped pouring oil and milk on the idols. Instead, they donated money. This level of awareness is all that I'm targeting. I want to make small changes."
Malina Nickel | Facebook
“We have talked to almost everyone in Shady Cove,” Detective Burchfiel told Dateline. “There are a lot of leads, but they have been fizzling out or circling back to the same information.”
Detective Burchfiel believes that some community members may have more information than they are willing to share with police. “We have heard rumors about people involved but, when we question them, they say they don't know anything,” he told Dateline. “While we have suspects, we need to follow laws and court proceedings.”
Chareen has decided to take on her own investigation.
“I have gone door to door in the area where her car was last seen,” she told Dateline. “I have gone searching fields, looking under bridges, and traveling all over.”
Despite all of the efforts, Malina has yet to be found.
“It has been very hard on our health,” said Chareen. “My husband and I have dropped over 20 pounds. We've been an emotional wreck.”
Malina's disappearance has also been very difficult for her friends.
“I was in shock. And I'm still in shock,” Tessa Phenix told Dateline. “You see this stuff on TV, but you don't think something like this would ever happen to someone you know.”
Detective Burchfiel explained that this case is very difficult to solve because of the lack of concrete evidence. “We are looking for her, but no one knows what she was wearing or exactly when she left.”
Now that the winter snow has finally melted away, officials are putting a plan into action to help locate Malina.
“When she first went missing there was too much snow for cadaver dogs to look for her,” Detective Burchfiel told Dateline. “Now we are slowly getting more locations and have four or five specific areas to search.”
“I have hope, and I have faith,” said Chareen. “I just have a lot of fear for my daughter.”
The Nickel family and officials are asking people to come forward with any information on Malina's possible whereabouts.
“Oh, my goodness. If I could just see her again, I would just hold her so tight. I cannot tell you how fantastic that would be,” Chareen said.
Malina Nickel is described as 5'2” with reddish-brown hair, weighing 110 lbs.
Anyone with information regarding her case is urged to contact the Jackson County Sheriff's Department at 541-774-6800.
I Think . . .
Pinterest Warren Little
Butch Harmon has been trying to get Rickie Fowler to play more like Rickie Fowler on major championship weekends—or at least the Rickie Fowler that closed out the 2015 Players. With six top-five finishes in major championships prior to the final 36 holes of the 99th PGA Championship, Fowler heard Harmon loud and clear when the swing instructor told him, “Put on your big-boy shoes and go win this thing.” Rickie's problem in his latest top-five is that he waited a day late to find the fearless extreme sports persona that has made him famous. While some will say his Sunday 67 produced a backdoor T-5, I think it was a step in the right direction. Fowler is now 0-for-32 in majors, but his 2017 was much improved over his 2016 major championship campaign. A year ago, Fowler missed two cuts and didn't crack the top 30. Harmon told him he needed to get in better shape in the off-season. Fowler responded and started the year with a victory in the Honda Classic on one of the PGA Tour's toughest venues, PGA National. At the Masters, Fowler was one stroke off the lead held by Sergio Garcia going into Sunday. He shot 76 to Garcia's 69 and finished T-11. He led the U.S. Open with an opening round 65 and was two strokes off the lead going into Sunday. Brooks Koepka shot 67. Fowler shot 72 for a T-5. Never a factor in the Open Championship (T-22), he battled back from an opening round triple bogey at Quail Hollow and a 5-5-5 finish that cost him four strokes to par. That night he posted a tweet that said, “It's on tomorrow.” And with four straight birdies it was on for Fowler, just not enough to catch his Tequesta, Fla., neighbor, Justin Thomas. “I knew I still had a shot out there today,” Fowler said. As for the overall assessment, Fowler summed it up with three tight sentences, “Nice coming off of last year. Made all the cuts. That's a good step.” A good step in big-boy shoes for Fowler to build on next year.
I Saw . . .
Pinterest Ross Kinnaird/Getty Images
Justin Thomas make putts this year for 59 at the Sony Open and for 63 in the U.S. Open, but the biggest putt at the PGA Championship -- and arguably his career -- was not to tie a scoring record. It was the 14-footer for bogey on the first hole of the final round after thinning his third shot from a greenside bunker into another greenside bunker. Asked afterward what was the most important thing he did on Sunday, it didn't take Thomas long to say, “That putt on 1 was pretty big. Starting with double there would have been pretty terrible. That just would have been such a bad double to start today.” Matt Killen, who shares coaching duties with Thomas' father, Mike, agreed. After his 63 at Erin Hills, Thomas had a tough time shaking his poor start in the final round of the U.S. Open, missing three-straight cuts including an 80 in the second round of the Open. But he had good putting sessions with Killen at Quail, matching up his speed and line better to make not only that bogey putt, but to save his Saturday round that Killen admitted “could have gotten away from him,” Thomas shot two under in the third round without his best stuff. Who knows how making 6 to start his final round would have affected him? “That's a big moment, second to the last group, major, great chance to win.” It was a big moment, even if the resulting score was a bogey.
I Heard . . .
Pinterest Michael Cohen
Chris Stroud told me he contemplated walking away from the life of a struggling tour pro six months ago. The game and balancing act with a family had become too stressful. “Luckily I had some great things going on.” What he meant by “great things” was a friendship carved out with Houston Astros owner Jim Crane, through one of his Lamar University teammates, Giles Kibbe. As Crane's general counsel, Kibbe introduced Stroud to Crane, who offered Stroud an honorary membership at The Floridian GC he owns in Palm City, Fl. Through golf games and trips (like the Dunhill Cup in Scotland) with Crane, Stroud pitched the idea of a Safety Business that one of his friends had done well in. What is the Safety Business? “Fire extinguishers. Exit signs. CPR certification. Fork-lift training,” Stroud explained after playing his way into contention at Quail Hollow. “It's as important as insurance for business,” Stroud said. “This club probably pays $2,500 a month.” By now everybody knows the story. Stroud was last man to qualify for the PGA by winning the Barracuda Classic in his 290th start on tour. A big reason was Crane's investment in a company that is projected to make $100 million in 10 years. “It made me realize there's a lot more to life than just golf,” Stroud said. "Golf has always been my financial bread-and-butter. Now I've got this on the back burner.” That's some back burner. Crane Safety launches in September, when his friend's two-year non-compete expires. That kind of safety net certainly made Stroud's final-round 76, which dropped him into a T-9, easier to deal with. Typical of Stroud, who has played seven-straight weeks, he is going to honor his commitment to play the Wyndham. Tournament Director Mark Brazil gave him an exemption coming out of Lamar. Stroud is the type of guy that would have done that even with his share of $100 million in the bank.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Sydney Ritter
Mesa Legend
27 years later Pennywise has returned to the small town of Derry to terrify children with the release of the movie “It.” Already the movie is already set to break box office records for the Highest-Grossing Rated-R horror movie, which is currently held by “The Exorcist” with $232.9 million. People flooded into 4,103 theaters on opening weekend to watch the horror movie of the year. On opening weekend alone the movie made $123.4 million. And with a rating of fresh on Rotten Tomatoes of 87%, “It” (2017) has passed the “It” miniseries by 30%. In 1990 Stephen King's “It” hit television for the first time as a two-part miniseries that spanned over two days.
At the time the show was terrifying, but now with the release of the remake, the original seems comical and downright ridiculous at some points. The first and most blatant change that was made is the time changes between past and present. The 1990s miniseries changed between the 1960s and when the children are all grown up, and the remake has forgone the idea entirely. The change gave the Losers Club a chance to develop while giving the audience a view of each of their backstories without unnecessarily going back to the present.
The Losers Club includes seven children in Derry – Billy, Beverly, Ben, Mike, Eddie, Richie, and Stan. The removal of the time travel adds an element of story to the children's characters. We get to see more of their families, whether good or bad and more of the growth of their friendship instead of a rushed meeting due to the school's bullies. Speaking of the bullies in Derry, the TV movie bullies are nothing compared to the remake. The new Henry would beat the old Henry to a pulp and then skin him alive without even blinking while his buddies watched in terror.
Actually the entire town would just watch because they do absolutely nothing when things go wrong. The police are seen once in the remake and once in the TV movie, and the single action they do are scaring Henry away from the Losers Club at one point or dismissing an older Mike when he is trying to tell a detective what is actually happening in Derry. Adult either try to lock their kids in their homes, yell at them for trying to help, are just damn abusive or nonexistent. The one big parental change they made to the movie is Eddie's mom.
The miniseries mom was loving and caring even though he son was still living with her well into his 30s, while the remake's seemed like she should be diagnosed with Munchausen syndrome by proxy. Bev's dad is still the worst father of the year and Billy's parents seem to never want to talk to him because of their other dead son. Honestly I would rather deal with Pennywise than anyone who lived in that town. Although maybe Tim Curry's Pennywise that had me laughing at him in the scenes instead of being scared to the bone. He was a fun, dancing clown that left the kids alone even when they were in perfect picking range until his ultimate downfall by an inhaler and a single piece of silver.
These kids were even lucky that the silver worked when even they didn't know if it was what they needed to defeat the clown. The 1990 movie showed no research to Pennywise at all. They just kinda hoped that Pennywise lived in the creepy marsh house and hoped that he was actually the one killing the other kids and hoped that the silver would kill him. The remake's research behind Pennywise worked. It made sense. They went to the library and used little maps and a projector and photo albums and old newspapers.
These children did more research to find this killer clown than I did all of high school. They found every piece of information that was needed even before stepping a foot inside the creepy crackhouse. And they eventually brought a real weapon instead of hoping that silver would work. Pennywise goes after every child at one point, using their fear against them, and eventually brought them together to fight their fear. Although Stan's fear I still find strange; at least he was given one. In the end, 2017's “It” is gruesome, chilling and truly terrifying with a creepy Bill Skarsgård as Pennywise and a comical, yet brave set of children brought together by the worst adults in Derry and a killer clown. And I cannot wait until “It” Chapter Two is released.
One of the survivors of the horrific New Year's Eve terror attack in Istanbul was a Delaware man who was reportedly saved when a bullet was deflected by his cell phone.
William Jacob Raak, 35, was shot in the leg when a gunman opened fire in the packed the Reina nightclub — killing 39 and wounding dozens, according to NBC Philadelphia.
But a second bullet struck his cell phone, possibly saving his life.
“When he got shot the bullet hit his phone,” Raak's brother told the network. “It went from his hip to his knee but the bullet didn't hit any major arteries.”
In a video posted online, Raak is being wheeled into an ambulance as chaos loomed outside the club.
“I was shot in the fu–ing leg man,” Raak said. “These crazy people came in shooting everything!”
Raak was visiting the city with friends, one of whom is from Dubai and was also injured in the attack.
The Delaware man is expected to make a full recovery and return to the US within days, the report said.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Video of what God is doing. Visit the YouTube channel: Todd White for more
_______________________
Powered by WPeMatico
facebook comments:
MAE SAI, Thailand — Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight, the Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday, as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them.
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave. The boys, many wrapped in foil warming blankets, take turns introducing themselves, folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy.
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning. The navy later released two more videos of the boys.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23. The teammates, who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave, were found by rescue divers late Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe.
Authorities said the boys, who had also been shown Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them, were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave. They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks.
In all of the videos the boys have appeared in good spirits. In the most recent videos a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment. Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL, who cracks jokes.
Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of relatives, and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children.
Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside, said she had thought it was a 50 per cent chance that her son would be found.
"It's like he has been given a new life," she said, adding that she'll never let her son go into a cave or near water again.
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said Tuesday that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave, since they're safe where they are. The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous.
Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh on Wednesday asserted that the state government would wipe out the menace of drug abuse.
The chief minister wrote to Home Minister Rajnath Singh, recommending death penalty for first-time drug offenders.
“Have today written to Home Minister Rajnath Singh ji conveying my Government's recommendation for approving death penalty to drug-related-offenders on first conviction only. We are firm in our resolve to wipe out the menace of drug abuse from Punjab,” Singh wrote on Twitter.
Yesterday, the Punjab Chief Minister had shared a video message on Twitter wherein he had warned the drug smugglers to give up or get ready to face stringent actions, even death penalty.
On July 2, Singh had recommended to the Centre to formulate a law that awards death penalty to those convicted for drug peddling and smuggling, amid the growing drug menace in Punjab.
Meanwhile, he had also said that they have set up a committee to look into the matter.
“In last few days, there has been a spurt in deaths due to drugs. We've made a committee which is going to meet every day. On Mondays, I'm going to meet the committee to see what action has been taken during the week. What is happening here is unacceptable,” the Chief Minister had said.
Singh had earlier also acknowledged that drug menace is a major social problem of Punjab and that his party is going to take stringent actions in the regard.
A police car with an officer inside accidentally got hooked to a stolen flatbed truck and was dragged along the New York State Thruway Monday morning.
The Suffern Police Department said the debacle started when officers in East Rutherford, New Jersey, spotted a stolen flatbed truck out of Hackensack.
They tried to stop the truck but it fled on Route 17 with police in hot pursuit.
As the truck neared the New York State Thruway in Suffern, one of the East Rutherford police cars "inadvertently" became hooked onto the rear of the flatbed with the police officer inside, Suffern Police said.
The truck chase continued on the Thruway until the flatbed was stopped on Route 59 near the Suffern border.
Police said the driver of the flatbed was arrested and no one was injured.
Video has become an indispensable part of the small business marketing toolkit.
Advertisement
It's Time to Create a Marketing Video When…
In fact Hubspot, reports 96 percent of B2B companies use video for marketing. Small Business Trends spoke with Intralink Global's CEO and Founder, Diane Primo, to get her take on five key reasons to create a marketing video for your small business.
You Have A Public Relations Disaster
“If there's a disaster, that's a sign you need to be doing a video,” says Primo. She adds there's usually an emotional element involved. The event with United Airlines where a passenger was dragged off a flight last April is a good example.
Although the response was slow, Primo says the video apology later issued from the CEO had all the right elements including a discussion about the changes the company would be making to prevent similar occurrences in the future. By contast, Primo cautions against limiting yourself to a written platform to respond when your small business has taken a big public relations hit.
“Do not hide behind text and/or PR releases,” she says. “Those are complimentary and can enhance your communication, but people need to feel, understand and see that you are honest and forthright about what you are saying.”
Video supplies the necessary body language and eye contact to make these apologies more authentic.
“The trust element is really rebuilt here using video,” she says.
You're Responding to a Natural Crisis or Product Recall
Small businesses caught in the middle of natural disasters like hurricanes or even product recalls need to get information out fast to everyone from their supply chains, to clients to IT experts.
Primo says while a lot of companies put out manuals to cover what to do in these situations, a video is more immediate and human. For example, a manual might answer 10 questions people can have during a crisis. The answers can be broken into smaller more easily digestible chunks in video form.
“If they can Google the question and the answer comes up, you can even refer them to the manual,” Primo says.
Your Customers are Experiencing a Common Product Problem
Video is also a great way to respond quickly to a common product problem experienced by multiple customers.
Small businesses should monitor the comments on their social media channels or websites for these problems and consider creating a video as a way to quickly explain a problem or announce a solution.
You're Trying to Market an Experience That's Hard to Put Into Words
Any kind of business experience is best portrayed with movement and video. For example, if your small business offers white water rafting or another kind of adventure, video works best. It's the best platform to explain to prospects what they are getting by becoming your customer.
The same goes for other industries like hospitality, entertainment or real estate.
“Video is the closest thing they can get to the experience without being there.” Primo says.
You Haven't Made a Video for Your Business Already
The final reason you should have a marketing video for your small business is simple. You don't already have one. Videos act as the perfect introduction to your goods and services, and an explanation of how and why they work.
Perhaps most importantly of all, Primo sees a future where video and text integrate more and more to give consumers the whole picture.
“You'll see more and more video that refers you to text over time,” she says.
Police still to arrest, charge others over fraud at GMC
…as prosecutor seeks DPP's advice on way forward
Three months after Nizam Hassan, former General Manager (GM) at the Guyana Marketing
Corporation (GMC) was charged along with Felecia De Souza-Madramootoo for conspiracy to procure money to be paid by false pretence, police are still to arrest and charge three others.
The procurement charge is in relation to the approval of payments for low-graded rehabilitation works done on the GMC building at Robb Street, Georgetown.
Still to be arrested and charged are Hanniel Madramootoo, the husband of De Souza-Madramootoo, his brother Phillip Madramootoo and his friend Nizam Ramkissoon both Directors of Constantine Engineering and Construction Services Limited, Trinidad and Tobago.
It is alleged that between October 28, 2010 and April 25, 2012 they conspired with each other to commit the offence by continuously approving payments which were made to the contractor of the engineering firm for works that were incompetently and incorrectly done with inferior materials to rehabilitate the GMC building at Robb and Alexander Streets, Bourda, Georgetown; knowing that such works should not have been approved.
However, Hassan and De Souza-Madramootoo have been the only ones attending court with their Attorneys, Marcel Babb and Glen Hanoman respectively.
Yesterday, the matter was called before Chief Magistrate Ann McLennan. Police Prosecutor Deniro Jones indicated that the three other accused have not yet been arrested. Prosecutor Jones was advised by the Chief Magistrate to seek advice from the Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) in relation to withdrawing the charge against Hanniel Madramootoo, Phillip Madramootoo and Nizam Ramkissoon, and proceeding with a trial of the former GM and De Souza-Madramootoo.
Prosecutor Jones is also expected to reply to submissions laid over by one of the Attorneys,
when the case is called again on February 28.
In the meantime, Hassan, 50, of Good Hope, East Coast Demerara and De Souza-Madramootoo, 34, of Lusignan, East Coast Demerara have each been released on $250,000 bail.
The duo was also instructed to report to the Special Organized Crime Unit (SOCU) Headquarters, Camp Street, Georgetown and instructed to lodge their passports with the court.
Charges were recommended against Hassan and the other persons after the Special Organized Crime Unit (SOCU) completed its report into the investigations of the multi-million dollar construction of the GMC office building.
A forensic audit report submitted last year April by auditor, Saykar Boodhoo, had flagged the construction, citing several worrying things at GMC, an agency of the Ministry of Agriculture.
The forensic audit report was sent to Cabinet where it was decided that the findings of the report were serious enough to warrant a deeper investigation into not only the construction of the building but also into the handling of hundreds of millions of dollars of fertilizers.
According to Government sources, investigations found the principals of the contracting company are close relatives of the engineer. Investigators reportedly also found that Hanniel Madramootoo, who was assigned to oversee the project, allegedly used a family member to conduct transactions at the Tender Board relating to the project.
The forensic audit which triggered the recommendations for the charges would tell a worrying tale of how things were at GMC between January 1, 2012 and May 31, 2015, the time under review.
With regard to the construction of the building, in 2011 a contract was awarded to Constantine Engineering and Construction Services to build a new head office for GMC and the Guyana Shop, which it runs.
A contract in the amount of $23.96M was awarded by the National Procurement and Tender Administration Board (NPTAB).
However, the auditor could not review the bidding documents as NPTAB could not find any information that it was involved in the tender process even though the contract indicated otherwise.
File - In this July 4, 2016 file photo, the Olympic Park of the 2016 Olympics is seen from the air, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. An analysis by The Associated Press shows that the cost of putting on last year's Rio de Janeiro Olympic was $13.1 billion. Officials say about $2 billion went into building venues, with $11 billion more used to build Olympic-related projects. This included a subway line extension, a cleanup of polluted Guanabara Bay and a renovated port area. Most of the sports venues remain empty, and it's unclear if they will ever generate enough income to cover maintenance costs. Felipe Dana, File AP Photo
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both his opponents and religious conservatives that back him, but it's likely to have a limited impact on America's largely secular workplaces. Most women no longer pay for birth control, and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court.
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's new policy, the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans. Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected. However, it's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies. Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. Privately owned for-profit companies, as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees. No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Doctors' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration's move on birth control.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
Women's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes.
“The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. “We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away.
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Orsted has hired Taiwanese outfit EGST to carry out geophysical surveys at the sites of the four Greater Changhua offshore wind farms, which will have total capacity of 2.4GW.
EGST will conduct archaeology inspections, seabed mobility and export and array cable route surveys off the coast of Taiwan.
Related Stories Orsted takes Taiwan health check
19 Apr 2018
Orsted inks Taiwan offshore first
19 Mar 2018 The Taiwanese company, which is a joint venture between Dragon Prince, Pan Formosa and EGS, has already carried out general site investigation for the Greater Changhua projects' environmental impact assessment and project development stages, Orsted said.
EGST will use the vessels Polaris (pictured) and Solaris for the work starting in May and finishing in July.
Orsted will use the data to help with the design and installation of the foundations and cables for the projects.
Orsted general manager for Asia Pacific Matthias Bausenwein said: “In the past two years of cooperation, our technical team has shared the global standards and requirements for offshore wind farms and elevated EGST's capabilities for seabed geophysical survey and marine investigation technology, vessel handling and health, safety and environmental standards.
“Our contract today is the best example that our efforts in supporting EGST become well-prepared for offshore wind industry have already paid off.”
Image: Orsted
This week: American democracy nearing an end? Masculinity on campus. Time for men to stop being men? America goes to pot. Who wants legalization? Armageddon or blessings coming to the USA?
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments:
Evan Stephens Hall from Pinegrove Q&A: ‘Being alive is very weird and being weird is very alive'
On Friday night, about 20 people piled into a house on Alder Street for an intimate performance with Evan Stephens Hall of the up-and-coming alt-country band Pinegrove. Hall is the lead singer and songwriter behind the Montclair, New Jersey, based band.
The audience sat on the floor singing along as Hall sang songs about everything from toast to the spirituality of vowels. He ended the set on Cardinal's closing track, “New Friends,” with voices ringing throughout the room. The singer answered questions from the audience and talked about his affinity for “tiny art” and short songs throughout the set, making the night feel more like an intimate conversation than a concert.
Pinegrove's Run for Cover Records debut, Cardinal, topped end of the year lists at Pitchfork and other music news outlets. With its meld of emo, alt-country and even pop characteristics, the band has found a unique voice that appeals to a wide range of listeners from all over the country.
The Emerald spoke with Hall following his performance.
Emerald: You talked about liking short art during your set tonight.
Evan Stephens Hall: Tiny art!
E: I like that specific wording. What is it about tiny art, that smallness, that draws you in?
Hall: I think it's a rigorously editorial approach because I think that making art in the first place involves imposing a frame on something. All of these connections already exist; we are just isolating them. And the more potent you can make that observation, the harder it lands typically. So when we see something that is short that is really, really moving, it tends to be more memorable than anything else.
And I don't think this has much to do with the trend right now of speed and scrolling through your newsfeed or whatever. It's something slightly different. It's more valuing the essence of what art is like.
E: I get that. I totally get that. Even in journalism we talk about writing more than you need to and then cutting, cutting, cutting. I think that's a big idea.
Hall: I want to suggest too that maybe these are words to live by because the things that are positive in your life should be emphasized. The things that are negative, we should be editing them out. The people that you hang out with, they don't treat you well? Don't hang out with them anymore. You have a job that you feel you have nightmares about? Find something else if you can.
E: On that note then, do you think your music is more introspective or something outward, the opposite? Or do you think it finds a balance somewhere in between?
Hall: You know it might be a lot on the plate, but it tries to do both. It starts introspectively, but the editing process has to do with how I expect it to be received. I think there are a lot of authors that anticipate the criticism within their works, especially David Foster Wallace. He's the king of neurosis. It's like, ‘Yeah, I know you're going to call me on being self-conscious, but I'm going to be way more self-conscious than the person that thinks I'm self-conscious.' I think I maybe took a cue from that, trying to anticipate the criticisms.
This is all a weird way to say that there is an external thrust, there's a gesture towards an imagined listenership. Now that I know that people are listening I want to be talking about things that matter to me and things that might help somebody.
E: On that note of gaining listenership and an audience, what do you want to come from this next year for you? As a musician, as a person, as an artist, what do you want now that you have an established listenership? What do you want to do next?
Hall: I've always wanted to do this, so it's really strange to get what you want. I don't know. I look forward to moving out of my parents' house. I want to establish a space of my own that's very productive and fertile for me. I want to keep traveling and learn the basics of camping and figuring out how to do that on my own. I want to write the best music I can.
E: You've been doing a lot of these house shows recently. Do you prefer this type of environment where you get to interact with the audience and ask these questions and have these conversations or do you like having some distance? What do you prefer?
Hall: They're different. I really appreciate the support that my band members give me. There's a certain consistency to that. This one is way more seat-of-the-pants, which I like. I like being able to be more talkative because there's not an explicit set time. Part of this is about opening up and kind of performing vulnerability. That's not really something that I can do that well with the band. As a six-person group, we just don't seem vulnerable because we're a crew that's pretty deep. That's not really a priority of ours, exactly. But we're doing different things and I love them both. It's exciting, especially in the post-election era to be having these conversations.
E: To end on a positive note, to ‘edit out' and get rid of the negative things, what was your favorite moment of last year for you? Or favorite milestone that you've reached.
Hall: It's been such a year. Like I said this is something that I've always wanted to do. That it's a professionally viable option for me is just amazing and I'm grateful for it every day. Even though it's hard to open myself up so regularly, I need to figure out how to find time and to protect myself. But I also feel like this is the thing I have and I am best-suited to give in this resistance, in this revolution. I do what I can and this is the best outlet for me. It's felt really good to be able to connect with people who feel really fervent about making the world a better place. It's been great to meet people through this.
Watch Pinegrove's Tiny Desk Concert on NPR below:
Comments
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
EU capitals seek stronger right of veto on Chinese takeovers
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Have you gotten your flu shot? Health officials are urging the public to protect themselves sooner rather than later. Flu season starts now and can continue through the month of May. While the Broome County Health Department says it's too early to predict how bad the season will be, they say it should always be taken seriously.
"It's not something to trifle with, and that's why we emphasize getting vaccinated," says Dr. Christopher Ryan, Medical Director at the Health Department.
Ryan estimates between 15,000 and 30,000 flu cases turn fatal in the U.S. each year. The virus is especially dangerous in infants and the elderly. Ryan says the best protection is to get vaccinated. No vaccine is 100% effective, but Ryan says this is the best protection available.
Marches and vigils are popping up across the country in response to the white nationalist violence in Charlottesville Saturday. NBC 7's Katia Lopez-Hodoyan reports.
A sea of candles lit up the night Sunday at the San Diego County Administration Building.
The vigil was just one of many held across the nation to honor Heather Heyer, who was killed at a counter-demonstration to a white nationalist rally in Virginia.
A car drove into the crowd of protesters, killing Heyer.
Two police officers were also killed in a helicopter crash while monitoring the protests and dozens were injured in the violence.
U.S. Rep. Scott Peters (D-52nd District) spoke at the vigil, saying many people have given their lives in the fight for racial justice.
Organizers of the vigil say what happened in Virginia should be openly talked about.
“We think this is a thing of the past, it's not,” said Aaryn Belfer, who lives in the College Area.
Earlier in the day, hundreds of people gathered in Cottonwood Creek Park for a march for peace.
“When the dialogue is hateful, the results are hateful,” said Deka Gedleh of City Heights.
At a march and rally along Highway 101, marchers said they're worried hate groups are growing in strength. “They were always there, but they were ashamed and they are not ashamed anymore,” said Corie Skolnick of Del Sur.
Belfer believes Saturday's violence is a wakeup call to action.
“Those people who were in Charlottesville are not me and are not the people who are here tonight, but we are all responsible for undoing that,” he said.
San Diego's rallies were peaceful with no injuries or arrests reported.
Soon you can watch the NFL free on your phone on Yahoo
hello
NEW YORK -- Watching NFL football games on your phone used to be mainly limited to Verizon customers. Soon anyone will be able to watch football games on the go for free on Yahoo's app, now that Verizon owns Yahoo.
But people who want to watch football through online-TV services like Sling will have more problems. An NFL game on ESPN will still be blocked on the Sling app on a phone - and starting next season, on tablets, too. Verizon apps will have the exclusive rights on phones and tablets.
Verizon bought Yahoo in June and is trying to build a digital ad business to rival Facebook and Google. Verizon's multi-year deal with the NFL takes effect in January. Playoffs will stream on Yahoo, Verizon's app go90 and the NFL's own app.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
FILE - In this May 9, 2018, file photo, U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, left, is greeted by senior North Korean official Kim Yong Chol, fourth right, and Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho, third right, on his arrival in Pyongyang, North Korea. Kim Yong Chol, a top lieutenant of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is in the United States to conduct one of three sets of parallel talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Kim and President Donald Trump. Matthew Lee, Pool, File AP Photo
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Russia's spat with the US is not a return to the cold war
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Three men attacked an elderly couple on their smallholding outside Humansdorp during the early hours of this morning.
According to police, an 82-year-old man and his 65-year-old wife were attacked inside their house – about 4km outside Humansdorp – shortly after midnight.
The smallholding is next to the R102 which leads from Jeffreys Bay to Humansdorp.
Police spokeswoman Captain Gerda Swart said the man was stabbed in the leg during a scuffle with the men.
“The couple were sleeping when three suspects gained entrance to their home and threatened them with knives. It is believed that they climbed into the house through an open window,” she said.
“The suspects confronted the couple inside their bedroom when the 82-years-old man resisted and was stabbed in the leg.”
Swart said the men continued to ransack the house after the confrontation.
“The suspects took an undisclosed amount of cash from the safe, a plasma Television set and then fled from the scene, allegedly in a getaway vehicle,” she said.
After the men fled, the woman managed to call the police.
Swart said the man was taken to a hospital for treatment.
“With our Back-to-Basics approach to policing and in an attempt to effectively address trio crimes, a team of dedicated detectives from Jeffreys Bay Police Station were set up to investigate and follow up on all possible leads,” she added.
Anyone with information on the robbery can contact Jeffreys Bay Police on 042 200 6800 or Detective Warrant Officer Eunice Potgieter on 082 441 8160.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is again railing against the news media, calling them a “stain on America.”
In a tweet Sunday, Trump blasts the lack of attention over what he describes as “false and defamatory stories” by the “Fake News Media.”
“They are out of control – correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed…a stain on America!” Trump writes.
Over the past two weeks, ABC News and CNN have had to issue corrections and clarifications on stories that initially had been damaging to the president but didn't live up to scrutiny. And on Saturday, Trump demanded and received an apology from a Washington Post reporter over a photo of Trump's Florida rally on Friday that made it look sparsely attended.
The International Mobile Film Festival is similar to any other film festival, with a difference: every film screened is shot with only cell phones. The festival started in 2009 and continues to be a venue for cinematographers of all ages.
Seven years for a festival based on smartphones is enough time to confirm the potential of smartphones for telling stories. ProVideo Coalition wrote about the festival back in 2015, pointing out that “on its fourth year, the International Mobile Film Festival, organized by S. Botello Productions, aims to be the place for cinematographers of all ages to share their ideas, through films created with mobile phones.”
The goal continues to be the same today, as the organizers announce, proudly, the 7th annual mobile film celebration and international film festival. The event will be, again, the place for filmmakers from around the world who shoot their films using smartphone cameras to meet and network. The festival takes place Saturday and Sunday April 28-29, 2018 at the Marina Village Conference Center in San Diego, California.
The International Mobile Film Festival brand is a pioneer global mobile smartphone film festival that was founded in 2009. The festival offered people of all ages all over the world a traditional film festival venue to screen films shot with only cell phones on a big screen. It also rolls out the red carpet, provides workshops and a Q&A panel. There are also international and local networking opportunities. Filmmakers enjoy sharing their stories with each other and festival attendees.
Attendees and filmmakers to this years edition will enjoy an opportunity to meet Star Trek Voyager celebrity, Tim Russ, best known for his role as “Tuvok.” Tim Russ will provide a special Q&A session as part of a special screening of a feature-length film, A Killer's Requiem, shot with an iPhone, by Brian McLane. Mr. Russ played a role in the film.
Sponsored by Red Giant, LuLu Films, Swords & Circuitry Studios, FilmConvert, San Diego Real Estate Veterans, BlackBox, GripGear, SpeedPro Imaging and ProductionHUB, the festival is open to all ages and is the place to go to discover more about film, video and the future of mobile technology in filmmaking.
Event schedule: Saturday, April 28 (Day 1) and Sunday, April 29 (Day 2)
Day 1:
Special Film Screening, Featured VIP Guest Lecture, Q&A with VIP Guest Speaker Tim Russ, Mobile Film Feature Presentations, IMFF 2018 Official Film Screening Sessions, Mobile Filmmaking Workshop – 11AM-9PM
Special Film Screening, Featured VIP Guest Lecture, Q&A with VIP Guest Speaker Tim Russ, Mobile Film Feature Presentations, IMFF 2018 Official Film Screening Sessions, Mobile Filmmaking Workshop – 11AM-9PM Day 2:
Q&A Panel & Presentations, Red Carpet Walk with Filmmakers and Star Wars Steampunk Universe, Awards Ceremony – 11:30AM-8PM
For more information and to see more films presented to previous editions of the International Mobile Film Festival follow the link to the event's website.
• President will outlive enemies, says SGF
A rally held yesterday in Abuja in support of President Muhammadu Buhari's administration was disrupted by over 100 security personnel.The protesters, comprising young and old people, had converged on the Unity Fountain in Abuja, from where they later marched to the Presidential Villa to register their support for the government of Buhari.
The development underscores the support of many Nigerians the president still enjoys despite the protests against his administration across the country last week over the state of the economy.
The protesters were, however, stopped just before the first gate of the villa by heavily armed security agents who insisted the rally must not go beyond the vicinity of the United Bank for Africa (UBA) where they were forced to stop.
While an argument, which ensued between the conveners and the security personnel lasted for about two hours, more soldiers and armoured police vehicles were drafted to the scene. But this could not deter the protesters as they insisted to be addressed by the authorities in the villa.
Shortly after, they made a return to their takeoff ground at the Unity Fountain where a Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media, Mallam Garba Shehu addressed them.
Shehu had not completed his solidarity speech when the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, David Babachir Lawal also arrived at the scene, apologising for the action of the security personnel.
While addressing the rally, Lawal said: “President Buhari will outlive those wishing him dead.” He attributed the anti-Buhari protests to those who looted the nation dry and are now bent on causing confusion despite the president's efforts to redirect the country on the path of genuine development.
“The government of the day is encouraged by such support from patriotic Nigerians. With such solidarity, the government is being gingered to do more in the interest of all.”
He told the people that Buhari did not anticipate the degree of the current challenges bedeviling the country, expressing optimism that Nigerians would start reaping the full dividends of democracy in every form in a year's time, even as he called for more support for the government to fight corruption to the finish.
The convener of the rally, Moses Abdulahi described the gathering as the most patriotic stance taken by those present, saying it couldn't have come at a better date.Abdullahi attributed the current economic hardship to the level of corruption witnessed under the previous administration.
“Our commitment to South Florida guides every decision that our organization makes. From ownership to staff and partners, we were proud to work closely with heroes and first responders in the days following Irma's landfall,” said President & CEO Matthew Caldwell. “We're honored for these heroes to join us at BB&T Center for our home opener.”
Everyday heroes such as Sister Margaret Ann will be in attendance and honored for their work during Hurricane Irma. She is the principal of Archbishop Coleman F. Carroll High School and was seen using a chainsaw to remove a tree that had fallen during the hurricane that was blocking a lane. A special guest will drop the puck prior to the start of the 7 p.m. match up.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
In this Feb. 21, 2018 photo, Venezuelans cross the International Simon Bolivar bridge into the Colombia. As Venezuela's economic crisis worsens, rising numbers are fleeing in a burgeoning refugee crisis that could soon match the flight of Syrians from the war-torn Middle East. Fernando Vergara AP
ERIN, Wis. — There's always seems to be an “It” amateur who arrives at the U.S. Open with plenty of buzz. That Stewart Hagestad would be “it” in 2017, however, is intriguing if for nothing more than the fact that his “it” days were seemingly past him.
The 26-year-old California native wrapped up his college career at USC in 2013 and confidently decided against turn pro. Instead, he started to carve out his post-college life, finding work as a financial analyst on Wall Street.
Mind you, Hagestad didn't sell his clubs on eBay. And in the last eight months, he's managed to undergo a golf renaissance. It began at the U.S. Mid-Amateur last September, where he rallied from a 4-down deficit with five holes to play in the championship match to beat Scott Harvey. Next came his surprise T-36 performance at the Masters in April, where he became the first golfer ever invited to play by virtue of winning the Mid-Am title to make the cut.
After Augusta, a chorus of fans called for Hagestad to reconsider turning pro, one that only grew louder after he qualified for Erin Hills via Sectional Qualifying in Newport Beach, Calif. But Hagestad insists that pro golf is not in his future, maintaining that he will apply to business school this fall (after playing a pair of familiar tracks in Riviera and LACC in the U.S. Amateur, he hopes, the Walker Cup).
RELATED: Stewart Hagestad's wild Masters ride continues
“I love golf and I love competitive golf, but I don't want my entire life to revolve around that,” Hagestad said.
Should he have more success this week at Erin Hills, perhaps that stance softens a little bit. Not since 2012 and Patrick Cantlay as an amateur been able to make the cut at both the Masters and U.S. Open in the same year. It's a feat Hagestad has a seemly good chance at accomplishing.
He's not alone in thinking he is ready to play four rounds in Wisconsin. Of the 14 amateurs in the field this week, the third largest group to compete in any one U.S. Open, seven of them have past experience in majors, suggesting that the “fear factor” of playing in a big-time tournament might not be so great.
Who else might join Hagestad in the race for the low amateur? Here's my break down of the players into categories of confidence, 5 being my bets to make the cut, down to 1 being the least likely.
Confidence Level 5
Brad Dalke, 19, Norman, Okla.
Stewart Hagestad, 26, Newport Beach, Calif.
Joaquin Niemann, 18, Chile
Pinterest Atsushi Tomura/Getty Images Joanquin Niemann
You know of Hagestad, and you've probably heard of Dalke, who helped lead Oklahoma to an NCAA title last month. But it's Niemann who sits atop the World Amateur Golf Ranking, having taken over the No. 1 spot from Maverick McNealy last month. The Chile native (above) is set to enroll at South Florida in the fall, but before that he's been tearing up the junior golf ranks, winning three events in three weeks in April, including the prestigious Junior Invitational at Sage Valley. This comes after he won two professional tournaments back in Chile, represented his home country at the World Amateur Team Championship last fall and reached the Round of 16 at the Western Amateur and U.S. Amateur last summer. All three of these guys have the game to handle Erin Hills' brawny layout and the confidence to block out the distractions of playing in a major championship.
Confidence Level 4
Maverick McNealy, 21, Portola Valley, Calif.
Scottie Scheffler, 20, Dallas
Sahith Theegala, 19, Chino Hills, Calif.
Pinterest Ryan Young/Getty Images
McNealy (above), fresh off graduation from Stanford, remains mum about his future plans as he continues to mull whether he'll give pro golf a shot or follow Hagestad into the business world. In the short term, he'll remain an amateur and play in the Open Championship, the U.S. Amateur and (likely) the Walker Cup. His game has been sharper, but without the distraction of school, he might just be primed for a solid summer run. Scheffler, a rising senior at Texas, played at Oakmont last year, shooting a memorable opening-round 69 only to miss the cut with a second-round 78. That experience should serve him well this week in Wisconsin. Theegala, a quarterfinalist at last year's U.S. Amateur, is coming off a solid sophomore season at Pepperdine in which he shared conference player-of-the-year honors as well as finishing T-49 while moonlighting at the PGA Tour's Genesis Open at Riviera.
Confidence Level 3
Cameron Champ, 22, Sacramento, Calif.
John Oda, 21, Honolulu
Scott Harvey, 39, Greensboro, N.C.
Scott Gregory, 22, England
Pinterest Jamie Schwaberow
It's rare when a mid-amateur qualifies for the U.S. Open, which makes Harvey's accomplishment all the more special after trying more than a half dozen times in years past. Should he make the cut, he'll give the U.S. Walker Cup selection committee something to think about in picking perhaps a second mid-amateur (along with Hagestad) for this year's team. Oda, a UNLV junior, has the help of some Vegas-based tour pros as he prepares to play in his first major. British Amateur champion Gregory is playing in his third major but is trying to make his first cut. Champ, a Texas A&M junior, turns 22 during the first round at Erin Hills.
Confidence Level 2
Christopher Crawford, 23, Bensalem, Pa.
Alex Smalley, 20, Wake Forest, N.C.
Pinterest Ross Kinnaird
Crawford managed to qualify for the U.S. Open for a second straight year after missing the cut at Oakmont. A sophomore at Duke, Smalley was the medalist in stroke-play qualifying at last year's U.S. Amateur, shooting the second lowest total (seven-under 133) in the championship's history.
Confidence Level 1
Mason Andersen, 18, Chandler, Ariz.
Walker Lee, 19, Houston
Anderson, an incoming freshman at Arizona State, and Lee, who's transferring into the Texas A&M program this fall. Just getting this far is a victory for both.
Special subscription offer from Golf Digest
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
OPINION
IN light of what happened between the Australian and Philippines basketball teams in Manila this week, it may seem trivial to criticise behaviour that didn't result in punches, kicks or even chairs being thrown.
But the fact those sickening scenes played out in a World Cup qualifier only highlights how important it is for football to address its most damning black eye - before we see the sort of violence the Boomers were confronted with in what is supposed to be the beautiful game.
Diving and the VAR have both been slammed in Russia - and rightly so - and while all the talk after the Round of 16 clashes this morning was about England banishing its demons by winning its first ever World Cup penalty shootout, something far more sinister also caught the eye.
Eight minutes into the second half the referee blew a penalty for England, ruling captain Harry Kane had been tackled, rugby style, to the turf while he waited for an incoming corner. England has complained about Kane being held off the ball from set pieces throughout the tournament and the whistleblower was on the lookout for anything untoward, pinging Carlos Sanchez and pointing to the spot.
What happened next was an example of the disgusting disrespect that for too long has been accepted in the football world - but needs to be stamped out.
The referee had no hesitation in showing Sanchez a yellow card. The 32-year-old followed the referee, begging him to change his mind - and he wasn't the only one. His teammates joined in, crowding the man in charge, getting in his face and trying to pressure him into reversing the decision.
Completely uncalled for.
Captain Radamel Falcao was there and even goalkeeper David Ospina rushed off his line to join the party. Within seconds of blowing the foul the referee was set upon by half-a-dozen players in yellow shirts.
He raised both his arms and told them to clear off, but do you think they listened? No, they continued to argue, because for some reason, jumping on the back of an opponent and pushing him to the ground when the ball is 40 metres away is an innocent act.
Falcao led the charge when Sanchez lost his voice. A handful of players refused to budge, putting their faces within inches of the referee's and again, more hand gestures were required to send them on their way. At one stage eight Colombians can be seen hounding the official all at once.
Falcao went silent so Sanchez continued to plead his case. He even had the gall to go up to Kane - with the ball tucked under his arm trying to get to the penalty spot - and shrug his shoulders, asking the England skipper what he thought he was doing.
Now, the referee wasn't the only target. England's players can't escape blame as they joined the fray when they shouldn't have. John Stones and Jordan Henderson were in the thick of it as tempers threatened to explode.
The needless confrontation saw Henderson yellow carded, which finally seemed to end the square-off.
Remarkably, the time between the penalty being called and Kane actually being able to convert his spot kick was an astonishing three-and-a-half minutes. It should have been less than 60 seconds.
No referee should have to deal with this.
The incident sparked an ugly trend that saw the match turn into a tinderbox. A spate of fouls followed and yellow cards were raised at will as both sides teetered on the edge. Former Socceroo Ned Zelic tweeted: "This game is out of control. A mess."
Former England international Chris Waddle - even accounting for his bias - wasn't far off with his post-game assessment.
"I'm glad Colombia are out because they are a disgrace to the game and this is the biggest show in the world. You don't want to see teams like that prosper," Waddle told the BBC.
"I hope Colombia gets a massive fine for the cards and the way they surrounded the referee. It was a difficult game for the American referee and I think he was scared to make decisions.
"Colombia were supposed to be here to play football but I would've been gutted to see them go through."
England wasn't blameless and this is far from the only time a team has tried to intimidate a referee - it's just the most recent example of a disturbing reality that has become synonymous with the sport.
Football - at all age groups and levels - has a culture that accepts and breeds dissent. Speaking from first-hand experience where I've played in or watched junior games that have required security and seen parents and coaches sent from the field, it's no wonder the shameful behaviour has become embedded in a sport that should be above all this.
After all, a fish rots from the head, and when the game's elite players think they have the right to demean those responsible for implementing the rules, that attitude filters down.
Did Colombia seriously think yelling at the referee would make him see things differently? Did Danish goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel think running up to the official's face and telling him he was wrong would make him reverse the most obvious penalty decision of the entire tournament against Croatia on Tuesday morning?
Yellow cards need to be automatic whenever a player gets in the face of a referee and there should be a 10m protected zone around officials whenever a call is made - a zone only the captain should be allowed to enter.
The behaviour we saw this morning is arrogant, disrespectful and a blight on the game. It needs to stop.
—
The City of Sydney has called for expressions of interest to transform three Oxford Street properties on a 99-year lease.
The properties – at 56-76, 82-106, and 110-122 Oxford Street – take up more than 40 per cent of the street frontage between Oxford Square and Taylor Square.
Lord Mayor Clover Moore said the lease was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to breathe new life into the area.
“Oxford Street is one of Australia's most renowned retail and entertainment strips and is home to independent businesses that attract visitors from across the city and overseas,” she said.
“The potential redevelopment of these properties is an exciting opportunity that will improve opportunities for local residents, attract greater numbers of visitors, and help boost the local economy.”
The city's expression of interest calls for an experienced operator with a strong track record in redeveloping heritage buildings, and someone that shares a vision for a distinctive retail and commercial strip with outstanding design.
In 2016, the city received unsolicited proposals to acquire the properties on long-term leaseholds, prompting the recent call for expressions of interest.
Studies have identified several options for the properties, including a destination food and beverage cluster, specialty food and groceries, specialty retailers, an entertainment precinct, or mini-anchor tenants and essential services.
Moore said the city supports the area's small businesses and cultural life through programs that offer affordable retail, office, and studio space.
“Our Oxford Street creative spaces program has attracted more than 100,000 visitors to the area since 2012, while building on the strip's cultural and creative character,” she said.
“The program has since expanded to neighbouring Foley Street and nearby William Street where they've been very successful, injecting more than $1 million in the local economy in 2017.”
As part of the criteria for the long term lease, the private sector will be required to provide the equivalent floor space currently offered to the 22 creative and cultural tenancies in the city's Oxford Street properties.
To inquire about the property, contact Lincoln Blackledge from Stonebridge Property on 0408 780 772, or email lblackledge@stonebridge.com.au.
Entertainment — Declare on the Square (Christian), 10 a.m. — Prouty Plaza stage
Booths open — Food, crafts and games, 10 a.m. — downtown Troy and levee
Entertainment — Blind Karma (playing hits from the last 50 years), 3 p.m. — Prouty Plaza Stage
Festival site opens: Arts and crafts, games, food, 10 a.m., downtown Troy and levee
TROY — The Troy Strawberry Festival will kick off Friday night with a hometown celebration.
This year's event will be held at Treasure Island Park at 6 p.m. with a Crazy Sock Fun Run, followed by the children's parade and big wheel race.
Locals also are encouraged to enjoy the Homegrown Talent competition followed by a performance by Velvet Crush from 7:30-9 p.m. A variety of food trucks, as well as beer and wine will be available. Velvet Crush, a “premier dance band,” lists a variety of fun cover songs from KC and the Sunshine Band to Justin Timberlake.
“We're breathing life back into the Friday night events. It's something totally different than what's been done in the past,” said Eric Roetter, general chairman.
The actual festival will follow, with hours from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Saturday and 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sunday. The annual weekend festivities will include food, arts and crafts, competitions and entertainment, among other things.
The annual Alumni Football Game — Troy vs. Piqua — this year has been moved to 11 a.m. Saturday at Troy Memorial Stadium.
With the help of title sponsor Kettering Health Network, entertainment for the 2018 festival has been amped up as well, according to Roetter.
“We have some high-quality, high-caliber entertainment acts coming,” Roetter said.
As in years past, the shuttle service offered by the Troy Strawberry Festival can be a convenient way to get to the festival, and parking will again be available at WACO Airfield, 1865 S. County Road 25-A , Troy; the Miami County Fairgrounds, 650 N. County Road 25-A, Troy; and the Hobart Corp./ITW Food Equipment, 701 S. Ridge Ave., Troy, parking lot.
Hobart Corp./ITW Food Equipment is the only location where a handicapped bus will go to pick up and drop off, according to shuttle chair Deb Char. Shuttles hours are 9:30 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. Saturday and 9:30 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. Sunday.
Festival manager Kailey Pour encourages the use of the shuttles.
“The shuttles are just so convenient and easy. People won't have to stress about finding a parking space downtown or worry about walking a super far distance to the festival,” Pour said. “They can just park at one of our three locations for free and take the shuttle that takes them right to edge of the festival. It's so convenient.”
Pour said there also will be a shuttle that takes people from the downtown location to the levee and vice versa. Those shuttles will be located on Short Street for the downtown and the scoreboard turn-around for the levee.
Pour reminds visitors to this weekend's activities that:
• Pets are strictly prohibited unless they are assisting someone with a disability.
• No distribution of pamphlets/fliers or any written material without written permission.
• No bullhorns or any devices that project sound.
• No solicitation of any kind including, but not limited to, distribution of samples, fliers, pamphlets or business cards.
• No banners or posters may be carried in festival area.
Pour hopes area residents — and visitors from beyond — come out to help nonprofits raise funds to continue what they do all year long.
“The Strawberry Festival has so much to offer … lots of food, plenty of entertainment and over 100 craft booths,” Pour said. “So many people work hard to make sure this is something not only the community will enjoy, but people visiting Troy will enjoy as well.”
http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_2018-TSF_BerryPalooza_cmyk-1.jpg
Weekend of activities on tap on levee, downtown
By Melody Vallieu mvallieu@aimmediamidest.com
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
“For the kingdom of heaven is like a man travelling to a far country, who called his servants and delivered his goods to them. And to one, he gave five talents, to another he gave two and to another, he gave one! TO EACH, HE GAVE ACCORDING TO THEIR ABILITY!” Matt. 25:14-15.Alot of people are still yet to come to terms with the reality that we all are blessed with atleast one
Altuve, Astros finalize $163.5M, 7-year contract
hello
File-This is a 2018 photo shows Jose Altuve of the Houston Astros baseball team. A person familiar with the negotiations says AL MVP Altuve and the World Series champion Astros have agreed to a contract that guarantees him an additional $151 million over five seasons from 2020-24. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Friday, March 16, 2018, because the agreement had not been announced. Associated Press
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. -- AL MVP Jose Altuve and the World Series champion Houston Astros have finalized a $163.5 million, seven-year contract that guarantees an additional $151 million over five seasons.
The 27--year-old second baseman had been among baseball's best bargains. He agreed in 2013 to a deal that originally guaranteed $12.5 million from 2014-17 and included club options for 2018 at $6 million and 2019 at $6.5 million.
His new deal, announced Monday, keeps those salaries and adds a $21 million signing bonus, of which $1 million is payable upon the deal's approval by the commissioner's office and $10 million each on July 1 in 2018 and 2019. He gets annual salaries of $26.2 million from 2020-24.
Altuve would have been eligible for free agency after the 2019 season.
The 5-foot-6 Altuve hit .346 last season to win his second straight AL batting title and third in four seasons. He had 24 homers, 82 RBIs and 32 stolen bases
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
A three-car crash ended with a man fleeing a stolen vehicle and then being caught by police near Desert Inn and Valley View Tuesday afternoon, police said. (Photo: FastCam)
A three-car crash ended with a man fleeing a stolen vehicle and then being caught by police near Desert Inn and Valley View Tuesday afternoon, police said.
The crash was reported at 4:01 p.m. Two cars rolled over, and two people were transported with minor injuries, according to Las Vegas Metropolitan Police. One of the injured was trapped inside a vehicle involved, but got out without being seriously hurt.
No impairment was suspected, Metro Police said.
Desert Inn Road was shut down eastbound as police investigated and removed the vehicles.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Secretary-General Antonio Guterres warned Monday that women are suffering "new assaults on their safety and dignity" around the world, pointing to extremists subjugating women and governments curtailing women's freedoms and rolling back laws against domestic violence.
He told the opening session of the Commission on the Status of Women that educating and empowering women will unleash their potential and prevent "challenges that arise from violent extremism, human rights violations, xenophobia and other threats."
While Guterres didn't name any countries or groups, his message was clearly aimed at the Islamic State extremist group which sells women and girls as sex slaves. It also appeared directed at U.S. President Donald Trump's expansion of a ban on federal aid to international organizations that provide abortions or abortion information — and to Russia for new legislation decriminalizing some forms of domestic violence.
The U.N. chief said men still dominate in every country of the world and male chauvinism blocks women from getting ahead.
"Our world needs more women leaders," Guterres said. "And our world needs more men standing up for gender equality."
The executive director of UN Women, the United Nations agency promoting women's rights, told the commission that changing discriminatory laws in over 150 countries "could affect more than three billion women and girls in the world." Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka also said that "advancing women's equality in total could bring a potential boost of 28 trillion U.S. dollars to global annual GDP by 2025."
But, she added in an echo of Guterres, while there has been some progress toward gender equality, gains have eroded and "the much-needed positive developments are not happening fast enough."
"With the global pay gap at an average of 23 percent, women are clearly earning consistently less than men," Mlambo-Ngcuka said.
"Women regard this as daylight robbery," she said. "Each year they work three months more than men for equivalent pay."
She said over half of all women workers around the world — and up to 90 percent in some countries — are informally employed, such as low-cost farmworkers, street food vendors and care workers, almost all without legal or social protection. In India alone, this sector accounts for 190 million women, she said.
"They are the under-the-radar and under-valued cogs in the bigger wheels of the formal economy," Mlambo-Ngcuka said.
At an event Monday night on women's economic empowerment, the theme of this year's commission meeting, which ends March 24, UN Women and the International Labor Organization announced a group of equal pay "champions" to mobilize global action to achieve equal pay for work of equal value.
Oscar-winning actress Patricia Arquette, one of the champions, said last year that women were at "breaking point" when it comes to equal pay and this year she said it is "worse than breaking point."
"Women have waited since the beginning of time to be treated equally," she said. "I think the time has come now when we can't wait any more."
Retired American soccer star Abby Wambach, a two-time Olympic gold medalist and another equal pay champion, said there is definitely a gender pay gap in professional sports, but "it's about every single industry in every single country."
"It's so near and dear to my heart," she said, "because since retiring I've noticed that looking across the aisle, the Kobi Bryants, the Peyton Mannings, they're having a much different conversation with themselves in retirement than I am."
"I have to worry about paying my bills — and enough finally has to be enough," Wambach said.
Iceland co-sponsored the event and Minister of Social Affairs and Equality Thorsteinn Viglundsson said he expects the country to be the first in the world to eliminate the gender pay gap by its target of 2022.
"We are really turning the table and saying to management and the institutions, you bear the responsibility, it is your task to make sure the gender pay gap is eliminated," he said. "And the Equal Pay Standard that we are implementing is a perfect tool for it."
Dennis Hardin says he will not get on a latter anymore. (Source: Family photo)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A man was caught in an accident that almost cost him his legs. Nearly two years later, he's walking and delivering a message to the people who were first on the scene to help him.
Dennis Hardin was working in Louisville on July 20, 2016 when he had a terrible fall.
"Start sliding down the wall with me on the ladder," Hardin said. "I rode it like a surf board and I hit the ground. When I hit the ground, I felt both my ankles they were on a rung both of them snapped."
Hardin fell about 12 feet. A 911 call was made and two Louisville Metro EMTs made the run. Nicholas Wahl and Billy McKelvey were working together.
"I remember it," Louisville Metro EMT Nicholas Wahl said.
"When we saw him, the extent of his injuries his leg still being under the ladder and sort of wrapped around one of the rungs," firefighter and EMT Billy McKelvey said.
Whal remembered what he said to Hardin.
"Your leg is pretty bad," Wahl said. "I'm gonna have to turn your leg to get flow back to it."
"He told me it was going to hurt and he was right," Hardin said.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ ISP Sergeant goes above and beyond the call of duty
+ Archdiocese of Louisville and LG&E make history with new solar array
+ Sazerac to invest $66M in former Pillsbury plant
"Brace with me, and that's when I was able to turn his leg we got the pulses back to one of his legs," Wahl said.
Whal and McKelvey rushed Hardin to the hospital where he heard the doctor say something frightening.
"'We're gonna work on your legs' she said 'and if I have to amputate I can do that too'," Hardin said the doctor told him. "I remember her saying that."
Hardin said both of his ankles and the legs above them were broken. It was a long road to recovery from there. He underwent surgery and had major complications along the way. He couldn't walk for over a year and was in wheelchair. But, he had his legs and determination and started walking just months ago.
Hardin's journey wasn't complete.
"I had to meet the men that I feel like saved my life," Hardin said. "I want to cry. They saved my foot it's important to me."
Nearly 22 months later, Hardin got to say thank you.
"Guys, I owe you a debt of gratitude and say it over and and over and never get tired of saying thank you," Hardin said. "For what you did, people need to be told."
McKelvey and Wahl said they often wonder what happens to the lives they touch. To hear a thank you and see Dennis Hardin meant so much to them.
"To see somebody who was close to losing both of his legs get out of a car and walk up to you and give you a hug, it's unexplainable the feeling," McKelvey said. "He's never going to forget us and we are never going to forget him."
Hardin said he does not get on ladders anymore. He's a preacher and travels overseas and says he was able to do that because of the EMT's who helped him.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
The security researcher credited with stopping the spread of a massive cyberattack earlier this year has been arrested by the FBI, federal prosecutors said Thursday.
Marcus Hutchins, a 22-year-old England-based researcher who was hailed for finding a "kill switch" that halted the WannaCry malware assault in May, was detained Wednesday by FBI officials in Las Vegas for his role in hatching a banking virus, federal prosecutors said in a statement announcing the six-count indictment.
Related: Meet the Tech Expert Who 'Saved the U.S.' From WannaCry
WannaCry infected hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide, disrupting businesses and breaching major services — from United Kingdom hospital systems and Russia's interior ministry to Germany's rail network and a Spanish telecommunications operator. The virus locked down files and demanded $300 to $600 to restore them.
British IT expert Marcus Hutchins has been branded a hero for slowing down the "WannaCry" global cyberattack. Frank Augstein / AP
The news of the arrest was first reported by the tech website Motherboard.
Hutchins, who goes by the online alias "MalwareTech" and works for the Los Angeles-based Kryptos Logic, told the Associated Press in May that hundreds of computer experts rushed into battle against the virus.
"I'm definitely not a hero," he told the AP. "I'm just someone doing my bit to stop botnets."
Kryptos Logic chief executive Salim Neino told the AP that his employee's efforts helped stop the virus in its tracks in Europe — before it could wreak havoc in the U.S.
Related: This Is How Ransomware Attack Spread and Total Amount Paid
"Marcus ... not only saved the United States but also prevented further damage to the rest of the world," Neino told the AP in May. "Within a few moments, we were able to validate that there was indeed a kill switch. It was a very exciting moment."
But now federal prosecutors accuse Hutchins of creating and distributing a banking "trojan," or malware, called Tronos. The virus was designed to harvest and transfer the usernames and passwords linked with banking websites whenever they were entered on an infected computer.
The indictment, filed in a Wisconsin federal court last month, alleges that Hutchins and another defendant, whose name is redacted, engaged in the alleged conduct between July 2014 and July 2015.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Top tip: Beware of ransomware 2:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Hutchins was arrested in Las Vegas after reportedly attending the Black Hat and Defcon security conferences. His arrest comes after a two-year investigation into the Kronos malware, led by the FBI's cryber crime unit in Milwaukee.
The news of his arrest marks a dramatic turn for a tech whiz applauded in some media reports as an "accidental hero" for his key role in blunting the WannaCry attack.
That malware acted like a worm, finding security holes in a computer to spread throughout a network and exploiting a vulnerability in Microsoft operating systems, especially those with outdated software. Microsoft said at the time of the attack that it had been pushing out special automatic updates to those older systems in order to block the virus.
Hutchins, for his part, identified the domain name in the virus and purchased the site. That move acted as a "kill switch," neutralizing the threat.
In separate statements, spokespeople for two British agencies, the National Crime Agency and the National Cyber Security Center, said they were aware of the arrest and referred all inquiries to U.S. authorities.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation, a San Francisco-based digital rights group, said it was "deeply concerned" about Hutchins' arrest and was attempting to reach him.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ransomware attack: Make sure your data is backed up, expert advises 2:29 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Andrew Mabbitt, a British digital security specialist who had been staying in Las Vegas with Hutchins, said he and his friends grew worried when they got "radio silence" from Hutchins for hours. The worries deepened when Hutchins' mother called to tell him the young researcher hadn't made his flight home.
Mabbitt said he eventually found Hutchins' name on a detention center website.
One legal scholar who specializes in studying computer crime said it's unusual, and problematic, for prosecutors to go after someone simply for writing or selling malware — as opposed to using it to further a crime.
"This is the first case I know of where the government is prosecuting someone for creating or selling malware but not actually using it," said Orin Kerr, a law professor at George Washington University. Kerr said it will be difficult to prove criminal intent.
"It's a constant issue in criminal law — the helping of people who are committing a crime," Kerr said. "When is that itself a crime?"
Kathy Switzer is roughed up by race official Jack Semple during the 1967 Boston Mararthon. Boston Globe via Getty Images
Her boyfriend at the time intervened, pushing Semple away while Switzer continued doing what she was doing — running.
It was all captured in an iconic photograph that galvanized the women's movement and helped change the game for female athletes.
“It changed everything,” she said. “It changed my life and it changed millions of women's lives.”
Switzer was, however, disqualified from the race and there was more backlash to come: Switzer said aggressive journalists approached her at the finish line, yelling, “Real women don't run.”
She was then expelled from the Athletic Federation, which meant she wasn't allowed to run. So she started her own club, and they ran in Canada, “just like draft dodgers,” Switzer said.
The club started putting on events, and eventually she got sponsored. Switzer then went on to create a global series of races in 27 countries with millions of women.
“It grew, grew, grew,” she explained. “We could take the data and statistics from all of these events, took it to the International Olympic Committee, and we got the women's marathon included in the Olympic games.”
Her success has continued through to present day. She's run 39 marathons, and when she made her return to the Boston Marathon on Monday, she was an honored guest whose original number, 261, was retired after she crossed the finish line.
“My message to young girls is that you can do much more than you ever can imagine,” Switzer said. “The only way you can imagine it is to do it. To take the first step. And if you take the first step, you can then take three steps. And then you can take 10. And someday maybe you can run a marathon. And if you can run a marathon, you can do anything.”
× Kansas freshman Josh Jackson says he is entering NBA draft
LAWRENCE, Kan. — Kansas freshman Josh Jackson has announced he will enter the NBA draft.
Jackson, who released a statement on Monday, was the Big 12 Newcomer of the Year after averaging 16.3 points and 7.4 rebounds per game. He helped the Jayhawks to a 31-5 record and a berth in the NCAA Tournament's Elite Eight.
The 6-foot-8 Jackson has signed with former NBA player B.J. Armstrong of Wasserman Media Group.
Jackson arrived at Kansas after a stellar prep career in Detroit and Napa, California. He says in the statement that after “consulting with my family, I have decided to enter the 2017 NBA Draft and pursue my dream of playing professional basketball.”
He added that he was thankful for “all of the support I have received from my coaches and teammates at Kansas.”
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Elgin man who feared cartel reprisal pleads guilty to drug possession
hello
An Elgin man who turned himself into Mount Prospect police because he claimed members of a drug cartel were out to get him pleaded guilty to cocaine possession in exchange for a 10-year prison sentence.
Prosecutors say Miguel Esquivel-Chavez, 38, called police Nov. 27 and arranged to meet them in a parking lot on the 400 block of East Euclid Road, Mount Prospect. He had in his possession more than 2 pounds of cocaine and $29,800 in cash.
He told police he had been transporting cocaine several times a week to various locations around Chicago for an unnamed drug cartel, prosecutors said. He reportedly told police he considered stealing the cocaine along with $30,000 in cash and then running away. According to prosecutors, Esquivel-Chavez called officers after cartel members threatened his life.
As part of his recent plea, Esquivel-Chavez received the 10-year sentence with credit for the 71 days he has spent in custody since his arrest, court records show. He was also ordered to pay $2,809 in fines.
A 31-year-old Sydney woman was allegedly choked and sexually assaulted in her apartment on Sunday after advertising a room for rent online. Alexat25 / Getty Images ID: 10903971
The woman met up with a 31-year-old man who asked to inspect the property on Corby Street, Concord just after 7am on Sunday morning.
“After entering the apartment the man allegedly sexually assaulted the woman,” police said.
He then allegedly stole her car and fled, police said.
Google Maps ID: 10904054
Four hours later police arrested a man at Paddy's Markets in Sydney's CBD where he was searched and police allegedly found a key from the stolen vehicle.
The man was taken to Sydney City Police Station where he was charged with a number of offences including aggravated sexual assault; choking with intent to commit a serious indictable offence; stealing from a dwelling; two charges of common assault police pursuit and intimidation.
The charges relate to Sunday's incidents as well as another assault of a woman at her Strathfield home on April 2 and a different car stolen on March 25.
He was refused bail and is due to appear at Central Local Court on Tuesday.
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded, deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock, the fish sandwich, or fishwich, came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald's in 1962. Since then, the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite. If you favor the local catch, try a walleye fish sandwich.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Factory Floor: inside Joe & Seph's popcorn headquarters
Air-popped kernels coated in imaginative flavours are a multi-million pound turnover business. The FT visited the north London HQ of artisan popcorn makers Joe & Seph to see how it's done
There is more to the Old Fort's siege weekend than cannon blasts and the smell of gun powder.
Hundreds of history buffs travelled to Fort Erie from many parts of the U.S. and Canada to play a role in battles and demonstrations on Saturday and Sunday but there's another important community of people who participate in-character each year.
There are merchants, tradespeople and other historic occupations depicted by people offering a number of goods and services.
One of them is Terry Sanderson, an Oakville resident who is a leather worker that makes belts and other accessories that would have been worn and used by both civilians and military personnel.
His hobby started 34 years ago with a focus on the French and Indian War but for the last 15 years he has primarily paid the most attention to the fine details of the War of 1812.
“There's a lot of research done trying to find the right colours and patterns,” said Sanderson, who started his craft through his brother's interest in military uniforms and regalia.
“It just evolved from there into this little hobby-business,” he said.
Across the way from Sanderson at the Old Fort on the weekend was The Elegant Thimble, a collective of three women from the Kitchener and Chatham-Kent areas who make period clothing that females during the early 19th century would have been seen in.
Working together for close to 15 years, the trio says they probably have 100 years of research experience altogether – which includes trips to historical sites and a lot of books.
“It's years of museum visits and our book collections could sink homes,” said Dawn Luckham, standing with her colleagues Charlene Roberts and Lisa Gilbert.
One of the biggest challenges with their work is that there isn't a lot of documentation or evidence on what women wore more than 200 years ago.
“We try to be as accurate as possible and also educate the public,” said Gilbert.
It also helps exercise both sides of the brain.
“For me, it satisfies the creative seamstress side of me – but also the intellectual researcher side of me,” she said.
All three said they love coming to the annual weekend in Fort Erie to enjoy the family atmosphere and comradery that exists in the re-enactment community but are also proud to offer some variety for those in attendance.
“A lot of it is about men – but there are a lot of women that come out too and we're glad to provide something for them,” said Gilbert.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
It's been a deadly start to the Fourth of July holiday where three people died in three separate crashes. Two of the crashes involved motorcycles.
FOX4's Kathy Quinn reported Wednesday morning from the area of 151st Street and Gardner West Road in Johnson County, Kan., where investigators say a single-vehicle crash killed one person and hospitalized another. That driver was headed eastbound on 151st when they left the roadway and crashed. It's currently unknown whether the passenger or driver died, they haven't been identified yet.
That crash happened at about 1:30 a.m., around the same time an accident investigative unit was trying to figure out what caused a motorcycle to crash near 104th and Holmes in Kansas City, Mo. Investigators tell FOX4 that the motorcycle rider hit a curb while headed east on 104th, lost control and hit a tree. He died at the scene. A friend who happened to be nearby found him, his family was also on-scene soon after. He was wearing a helmet, the crash is still under investigation.
Another crash involving a motorcycle happened just after midnight near downtown Kansas City off Interstate 35 near the 12th Street exit. A male driver and female passenger were headed south on I-35 and exited onto 12th Street, ran a red light, hit a curb and went airborne, striking a fence. A 29-year-old Blue Springs man died at the scene, the female passenger is hospitalized with critical injuries.
OTTAWA — Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould has asked for an independent review of an extradition that resulted in Ottawa professor Hassan Diab spending three years in a French jail, only to be suddenly released.
The external review — which has not started — is in addition to an internal "lessons learned" examination already underway, a spokesman for Wilson-Raybould said Wednesday.
French authorities suspected Diab, 64, was involved in the 1980 bombing of a Paris synagogue that killed four people and injured dozens of others, an accusation he has always denied.
The sociology professor and his supporters have been urging the federal government to hold a full public inquiry into the case and to reform the Extradition Act to ensure individual rights are respected.
In a letter Tuesday to Amnesty International Canada and the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association, Wilson-Raybould said Diab was afforded "all of the procedural safeguards" under the Extradition Act and that his charter rights were considered during Canadian court proceedings.
"Nonetheless, due to the three-year-period that Dr. Diab spent in custody in France, I have been reflecting carefully on this case," said her letter, made available to the The Canadian Press by the two rights organizations.
"As you know, Department of Justice Canada officials have undertaken a 'lessons learned' review of the Diab extradition proceedings. I have also asked for an independent external review of this matter."
Josh Paterson, executive director of the B.C. association, said Wednesday he is seeking answers from the minister about the independent review, including whether the findings will be made public.
"Who will be or has been appointed? What is the scope of the review? Will they have the power to require the department to co-operate with them?"
No other information was immediately available from Wilson-Raybould's office.
New Tool Separates Wheat from Chaff for Climate-Smart Ag Finance
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad , Aug 14 2017 (IPS) - Climate-smart agriculture seeks to achieve food security and broader development goals under a changing climate and increasing food demand.
CSA initiatives sustainably increase productivity, enhance resilience, and reduce/remove greenhouse gases, and require planning to address tradeoffs and synergies between these three pillars: productivity, adaptation, and mitigation.
Trinidadian scientist Steve Maximay says his new Climate-Smart Agriculture Compliant (C-SAC) tool provides a certification and auditing scheme that can be used to compare projects, processes and products to justify the applicability and quantum of climate change funding.
“C-SAC provides a step-by-step, checklist style guide that a trained person can use to determine how closely the project or process under review satisfies the five areas of compliance,” Maximay told IPS.
“This method literally forces the examiner to consider key aspects or goals of climate-smart agriculture. These aspects (categories) are resource conservation; energy use; safety; biodiversity support; and greenhouse gas reduction.
“It can be used as a preliminary filter to sort through the number of ‘green-washing' projects that may get funded under the rubric of climate-smart agriculture . . . all in a bid to access the millions of dollars that should go to help small and genuinely progressive farmers,” he said.
Climate-smart agriculture
The United Nations (UN) Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) describes climate-smart agriculture (CSA) as agriculture that sustainably increases productivity, enhances resilience (adaptation), reduces or removes greenhouse gases (mitigation) where possible, and enhances achievement of national food security and development goals.
The climate-smart agriculture concept reflects an ambition to improve the integration of agriculture development and climate responsiveness. It aims to achieve food security and broader development goals under a changing climate and increasing food demand.
While the concept is still evolving, many of the practices that make up CSA already exist worldwide and are used by farmers to cope with various production risks.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
2017 was a good year for art sales Investors the world over fell in love again with art last year. The amount of money spent on fine art rose 12 percent last year — its first gain after...
Frida Kahlo's great-niece in fight with Mattel over new Barbie doll MEXICO CITY — Toy-maker Mattel was in a dispute Thursday with a distant relative of the late Mexican artist Frida Kahlo over rights to a Frida Barbie doll released as...
The surprising identities behind the pitchfork couple in 'American Gothic' “American Gothic” — the famed 1930 portrait featuring a stern, skinny middle-aged woman and a pitchfork-wielding older gentleman — is one of the most famous paintings in the world. But...
Hamptons artist selling his luxurious house Not too many folks can say they've designed stamps for the African nation of Uganda, but quirky Maltese artist Savio Mizzi's career has included just that — along with movie...
Long-lost Monet found in Louvre storage A long-lost painting by French Impressionist master Claude Monet was recently discovered rolled up in a corner of a storage facility at the Louvre Museum in Paris, officials said. The...
Tattoo addict inks entire body including eyeballs, inside mouth A man has gone to ink-redible lengths to cover his entire body in black tattoos, including his eyeballs and the inside of his lips. Eli Ink, a 27-year-old tattoo artist...
NYC's 9-foot-tall, trippy new art installation A new art installation just rolled into the Garment District: six 9-foot-high wheels, which passers-by can crawl into and create their own personal light show. LOOP, created by a group...
Salt Queen's downtown condo relisted with price drop Italian-born artist Bettina Werner, otherwise known as “The Salt Queen” for her jaw-dropping works made out of salt crystals, has relisted her Financial District apartment at 15 Broad St. for...
Critics are wrong: Obamas' presidential portraits a huge success It's a sign of the times, painted by hand. It seems the new portraits of Barack and Michelle Obama have nigh blown the roof off the Smithsonian's National Portrait Gallery...
WASHINGTON (AP) — The sun is about to spill some of its secrets, maybe even reveal a few hidden truths of the cosmos. And you can get in on the act next week if you are in the right place for the best solar eclipse in the U.S. in nearly a century.
Astronomers are going full blast to pry even more science from the mysterious ball of gas that's vital to Earth. They'll look from the ground, using telescopes, cameras, binoculars and whatever else works. They'll look from the International Space Station and a fleet of 11 satellites in space. And in between, they'll fly three planes and launch more than 70 high-altitude balloons.
“We expect a boatload of science from this one,” said Jay Pasachoff, a Williams College astronomer who has traveled to 65 eclipses of all kinds.
Scientists will focus on the sun, but they will also examine what happens to Earth's weather, to space weather, and to animals and plants on Earth as the moon totally blocks out the sun. The moon's shadow will sweep along a narrow path, from Oregon to South Carolina.
Between NASA and the National Science Foundation, the federal government is spending about $7.7 million on next Monday's eclipse. One of the NASA projects has students launching the high-altitude balloons to provide “live footage from the edge of space” during the eclipse.
But it's not just the professionals or students. NASA has a list of various experiments everyday people can do.
“Millions of people can walk out on their porch in their slippers and collect world-class data,” said Matt Penn, an astronomer at the National Solar Observatory in Tucson, Arizona.
Penn is a chief scientist for a National Science Foundation-funded movie project nicknamed Citizen CATE. More than 200 volunteers have been trained and given special small telescopes and tripods to observe the sun at 68 locations in the exact same way. The thousands of images from the citizen-scientists will be combined for a movie of the usually hard-to-see sun's edge.
Mike Conley, a Salem, Oregon, stock trader whose backyard is studded with telescopes, jumped at the chance to be part of the science team.
“Who knows? Maybe a great secret will come of this, the mysteries of the sun will be revealed, because we're doing something that's never been done before and we're getting data that's never been seen before,” he said. “A big discovery will come and everybody will say, ‘Hey, we were part of that!'”
You don't need to have telescopes to help out. You can use the iNaturalist app via the California Academy of Sciences and note the reaction of animals and plants around you. You can go to a zoo, like the Nashville Zoo, where they are asking people to keep track of what the animals are doing. The University of California, Berkeley, is seeking photos and video for its Eclipse Megamovie 2017, hoping to get more than 1,000 volunteers.
Even with all the high-tech, high-flying instruments now available, when it comes to understanding much of the sun's mysteries, nothing beats an eclipse, said Williams College's Pasachoff. That's because the sun is so bright that even satellites and special probes can't gaze straight at the sun just to glimpse the outer crown, or corona. Satellites create artificial eclipses to blot out the sun, but they can't do it as well as the moon, he said.
The corona is what astronomers really focus on during an eclipse. It's the sun's outer atmosphere where space weather originates, where jutting loops of red glowing plasma lash out and where the magnetic field shows fluctuations. The temperature in the outer atmosphere is more than 1 million degrees hotter than it is on the surface of the sun and scientists want to figure out why.
“It's ironic that we've learned most about the sun when its disk is hidden from view,” said Fred “Mr. Eclipse ” Espenak, a retired NASA astronomer who specialized in eclipses for the space agency.
And they learn other things, too. Helium — the second most abundant element in the universe — wasn't discovered on Earth until its chemical spectrum was spotted during an eclipse in 1868, Espenak said.
But that discovery is eclipsed by what an eclipse did for Albert Einstein and physics.
Einstein was a little known scientist in 1915 when he proposed his general theory of relativity, a milestone in physics that says what we perceive as the force of gravity is actually from the curvature of space and time. It explains the motion of planets, black holes and the bending of light from distant galaxies.
Einstein couldn't prove it but said one way to do so was to show that light from a distant star bends during an eclipse. During a 1919 eclipse, Arthur Eddington observed the right amount of bending, something that couldn't be done without the moon's shadow eclipsing the sun.
“It marked a complete change in the understanding of the universe,” said Mark Littmann of the University of Tennessee, a former planetarium director. “Bang. Right there.”
Highgate interior designer, Mia Karlsson, shares her top style and design addresses
Flask Walk Antiques Archant
Mia Karlsson creates colourful, functional family homes from her Pond Square Highgate studio. But where does the Hampstead resident head in her time off?
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Tate Modern
For a quick pick me up
I love the Beauty Boutique on Flask Walk in Hampstead. Whenever I feel tired and in need of a little pampering that's the place that hits the spot
For a real blow out
Gaucho Grill for a nice cocktail and great ceviche, with the added bonus of being on my doorstep
The Bull and Last The Bull and Last
To get inspired
Tate Modern and the Victoria and Albert museum always have something inspirational on offer
Feeling romantic
A walk on the Heath with a pit stop at Kenwood House or the Bull and Last on Highgate Road.
LSS Cafe Deli, Heath Street LSS Cafe Deli, Heath Street
For meeting friends
I absolutely love 28 Church Row. It is simply brilliant, full of great food, drinks and people.
To feel healthy
Heartcore for a pilates workout followed by a nibble at LLS Café Deli, a healthy cafe-eatery with a strong ethos: “Eat no evil”.
Alfies Antique Market Alfies Antique Market
For culture
Everyman cinema – say no more.
Buying presents
For fun, great value presents I head to Zana on Flask Walk. My sausage dog will not let me pass her door as she is always ready to great him with a doggy biscuit – at times I have to drag him away.
For clients
Alfies Antique Market and the other antique shops on Church Road in Marylebone. This is the place to pick up unusual and unique pieces to complement any contemporary interior.
For my own home
Judy Green on Flask Walk
miakarlsson.co.uk
DETROIT (CBS LOCAL) – An incredible moment caught on camera, Tuesday morning when all lanes of I-696 were closed in both directions as a man considered suicide.
This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public. But also in that photo is a man s… twitter.com/i/web/status/9…—
MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
The Michigan State Police came up with a clever idea to shorten the fall. Acting fast they organized a row of 13 semi truck drivers to remain in place under the bridge to shorten the distance the man would fall if he were to jump.
Police received the call around 1 a.m this morning that there was a man threatening suicide. Several local law enforcement agencies were on the scene along with negotiators.
After several hours the situation ended peacefully with the man walking off the bridge. He was then taken by police to Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak for evaluation.
If you or a loved one is feeling distressed, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. The crisis center provides free and confidential emotional support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for civilians and veterans.
Call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or text to 741-741.
[H/T CBS Detroit]
© 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Photos are starting to emerge of victims in the Toronto attack that claimed 10 lives and injured another 15 people. The first victim to be identified was named as Anne Marie D'Amico, who was an employee at Invesco investment management firm, a company that is located along the street where the attack occurred.
This post will be updated to contain photos of each of the victims as they are named. You can learn more about D'Amico below and see several photos of her. Here's another photo of D'Amico:
First Toronto van attack victim ID'd as woman who worked in investment management https://t.co/PLlMOkCei5 pic.twitter.com/Ms89Kp1udv — News Time Update (@newstimeupdate) April 24, 2018
The van, which authorities say was being driven by a Canadian man named Alex Minassian, rammed into pedestrians during afternoon hours along the busy street on April 24, 2018.
Witnesses outlined a horrific scene in which the van leaped over a curb and mowed down people while traveling at a fast pace, leaving victims' bodies strewn along the pavement. Witness Christian Ali told CNN “he first saw a man unconscious at the side of the road and figured it was a terrible accident after also noticing debris from a car.”
“Two blocks over, I saw another gentleman unconscious in the middle of the road and a policeman leaning over him holding his neck,” Ali said to CNN. Photos of the aftermath from the scene showed the carnage in the roadway, a scene that has become all too family as van ramming incidents took lives in European cities like London, England, Nice, France, and Barcelona, Spain, over recent years. Thus far, however, authorities in Canada do not suspect that the Toronto attack suspect, Alek Minassian, is tied to ISIS or an organized terror group, although the investigation is pending. A GoFundMe page has been set up to raise money for the victims' funeral expenses. Islamic Relief Canada has also established a fundraiser to help the victims' families.
Among those not fatally injured were three Koreans, one with serious injuries.
Here are photos of the victims identified so far:
Anne Marie D'Amico
Anne Marie D'Amico, the first victim named, worked along the street where the attack occurred, and she was remembered as being full of life.
⚡️ “First victim identified in fatal Toronto van attack”https://t.co/y8s1hUlyHf — Jason (@JasonNdt3) April 24, 2018
On her Facebook page, she also wrote that she worked at Live Different, worked at the Badminton and Racquet Club of Toronto, and studied at Ryerson University. Her last publicly available post on Facebook was from 2013. It read, “And God said let their be light on the Superbowl game…” She also wrote about going to Jamaica: “I'm leaving, on a jet plane again. Jamaica! We got a bobsled team! Rum, here I come.”
In 2010, she wrote about appearing in a talent competition: “Here I am at the Ram, on a Wednesday night about to perform the talent portion of the Mr./Ms. Ryerson Competition. Talent: Singing the ABCs backwards, while breaking boards. Apparently it was a lethal combination. What you don't see in the video was my first board breaking (P for punch) where the board flew out of Arzan's hand and into the audience. I'm still not sure if anyone was hurt during this filming. Pay attention to the audience's applause before and after my talent.”
Here is an older photo of D'Amico:
A post on a remembrance page for D'Amico reads, “The D'Amico Family thanks everyone for the words, love and support during this time. Anne Marie was a victim in the van attack in Toronto, yesterday afternoon.”
This post will be updated with information about other victims as they are named.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
The Cape Coral City Council voted on Monday to extend bar hours within the city.
In a compromise, the city will allow bars to stay open until 3 a.m. after a vote of 7-1. Proponents were fighting for a closing time of 4 a.m.
The approval comes at a hefty cost, though. The move will come with a price tag of $158,000 to cover overtime for five police officers.
According to Jennifer Nelson, a councilwoman, the Cape police chief said paying for the five officers is an effort to be proactive to potential problems rather than reactive.
The nearly $160,000 was an internal debate for most councilmembers.
Marilyn Stout, for example, said she changed her mind on the morning of the vote while struggling over the increase in business versus the potential risk to public safety.
Mayor Coviello also weighed in, saying that this measure would fulfill a campaign promise to build the local economy.
Councilman Dave Stokes was the only no vote, saying that longer bar hours is just not worth it.
© Copyright 2018 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
Roger-Mark De Souza appointed new President and CEO Sister Cities International
WASHINGTON, DC – Effective January 2nd, 2018, Mr. Roger-Mark De Souza, originally from Trinidad and Tobago, will become the new President and CEO of Sister Cities International, the national association of U.S. sister city organizations and the premier global leader in citizen diplomacy.
“We are thrilled and honored to have Roger-Mark joining our team,” said Sister Cities International Board Chair and acting CEO Tim Quigley. “His experience conceptualizing tangible solutions to global issues, galvanizing public and private resources, and his passion for productive relationships that strengthen bonds worldwide make him the right fit to lead the Sister Cities International network movement at this crucial point in time.”
De Souza's appointment follows the selection of Ginger M. Moxey as the Country Representative for The Bahamas and Regional Representative for the Caribbean at the SCI Annual Conference in July 2017. “The appointment of Roger-Mark wonderfully aligns with SCI's efforts to revitalize and strengthen existing relationships and to develop new connections throughout the region,” said Ginger Moxey, President and CEO of Immerse Bahamas. “I am extremely excited about the opportunities that this will present for the sister city movement throughout the Caribbean as we aim to connect globally and thrive locally.”
De Souza most recently led efforts to engage international and U.S. partners on key diplomatic, development, and security issues as Director of Programs on global sustainability and resilience for the congressionally established Woodrow Wilson Center.
Previously, De Souza served as Vice President of Research at PAI, a global health organization, and as Director of Foundation and Corporate Relations for the Sierra Club (the oldest and largest grassroots environmental membership organization in the USA) where he managed a highly successful corporate and foundation fundraising campaign through its 65 volunteer chapters.
Prior to his experience at PAI and the Sierra Club, he worked at the Population Reference Bureau and the World Resources Institute where he designed and implemented projects in the USA, Africa, Southeast Asia, and Latin America and the Caribbean.
“This is an exciting moment for us in our country. For more than 60 years, Sister Cities' gold standard approach of fostering mutual respect and cooperation between the United States and the rest of the world has brought increased understanding, economic benefits, and lasting relationships. As President and CEO, I look forward to growing and expanding our impact and our reach. From our schoolrooms to our sports fields, from our state rooms to our boardrooms, together with our national and international network we will build opportunities for lasting world peace and prosperity—one individual, one community at a time.“
De Souza holds graduate degrees in international relations and development policy from George Washington University and the University of the West Indies in Trinidad and Tobago. Born and raised in the Caribbean, he lives in Virginia where he and his wife Pascale raised two sons, Nicolas and Mickaël.
De Souza will be responsible for leading and serving Sister Cities International's diverse network of volunteers, civic and cultural organizations, elected officials, educators, and private businesses that partner together to provide people-to-people international exchanges and promote sustained community-to-community connections.
Construction exec launched 'vicious assault' on me: ex-top cop's informant A former Bernie Kerik pal-turned-FBI informant is suing a construction executive linked to the disgraced ex-NYPD commissioner over a 2015 beatdown that left him with severe brain injuries. Lawrence Ray...
Judge tosses Kerik's claims that his own lawyer defamed him Bernie Kerik suffered a setback Thursday in a dragged-out defamation case filed against him by his former lawyer when a federal judge tossed out the ex-police commissioner's own claims that...
'Co-author' says she was never paid for ex-NYPD chief's memoir An upstate woman is suing disgraced ex-NYPD Commissioner Bernie Kerik, saying she co-wrote his memoir “Jailer to Jailed” but was cheated out of credit, payment and royalties. Dara DAddio, 56,...
Kerik contractor wins appeal to have conviction overturned A New Jersey contractor found guilty of lying about free home renovations his company provided to disgraced former NYPD Commissioner Bernard Kerik caught a big break Tuesday when a state...
Judge denies Kerik's bid to end supervised release to battle ISIS Bernie Kerik said he could help save the world from ISIS if he were a free man — but a federal judge on Friday wasn't buying the disgraced former NYPD...
US attorneys slam former top-cop Bernie Kerik D​isgraced former NYPD Commissioner Bernie Kerik lacks credibility and “has shown an utter lack of contrition” for crimes including lying to White House officials vetting him for the job of...
Disgraced ex-commish Bernie Kerik can't get a full-time job Forget that he just did three years behind bars on felony fraud charges. Disgraced ex-NYPD Commish Bernard Kerik is upset he can't get a full-time job as a counterterrorism consultant...
Judge tosses Bernie Kerik's suit against ex-lawyer Tacopina Bernie Kerik has no one to blame but himself. Saying the allegations he made lacked substance, or weren't filed timely, Manhattan federal Judge John Koeltl on Wednesday tossed the disgraced...
Judge to prosecutors: 'Put up or shut up' on contempt charges against Kerik A Manhattan federal judge told prosecutors Tuesday to “put up or shut up” regarding their threats to slap former NYPD Commissioner Bernie Kerik and his lawyer with contempt-of-court charges. Chief...
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Heather Watson and Johanna Konta are doubles partners
British number two Heather Watson has echoed comments from Johanna Konta in criticising British media coverage of her.
Watson had only won once this year before a win in the first round at the French Open on Monday.
She said she understands why British number one Konta said the media does not "make it easy".
"I try to stay as positive as possible because the media isn't always the most positive," Watson told BBC Sport.
"I try to blot it out and ignore it because the opinion of the media is not important.
"As long as I know what I'm doing and as long as my team knows, I try to stay positive.
"I understand how she is feeling and she's got her head screwed on. She knows what she needed to do."
Watson, 26, reached the French Open second round for the sixth time after breezing to a confidence-boosting win over home hope Oceane Dodin 6-3 6-0.
Konta seeded 22nd, was beaten 6-4 6-3 by Kazakhstan's Yulia Putintseva on Sunday - her fourth successive first-round loss at the tournament.
She has never won a main-draw match in Paris.
Speaking after her defeat, the 27-year-old said: "I don't think it helps if it keeps being said: 'Oh, she hasn't done well there before.'"
Konta and Watson's comments will be discussed on BBC Radio 5 live Tennis on Tuesday, along with analysis of the action on day three at Roland Garros, from 19:30 to 20:30 BST.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
In oil mystery, traders resort to ‘buy the builds' mantra
Thought for the weekend
You will be billed per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Registration subscription for per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
General News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: ultimatefmonline.com
2017-08-14
NRSC does not expect any changes to the contract with Road Safety Management Services Limited
National Road Safety Commission has indicated that it does not expect any changes to the contract entered into with the Road Safety Management Services Limited to provide towing and other road management services to Ghanaians.
The controversial contract which is to clear the roads off broken down, disabled and abandoned vehicles has generated considerable debate and some level of resistance from some policies think tanks and other transport organisations.
Government has yet to give its final decision on the program after it ordered a parliamentary review of the contract which monopolizes the service provider over twenty years and allows it to review fees every two years.
However before the transport ministry completes its review, the National Road Safety Commission has begun nationwide consultations together with the National Road Safety Management Services and the Public Education Bureau to get the buy in of drivers. Transport owners and the police.
Speaking to Ultimate News' Ivan Heathcote – Fumador at one such consultation held on Sunday at the Kumasi Social Club, head of communications with the NRSC, Kwame Kodua Atuahene contended that parties to the contract have done due diligence and acted in good faith with Ghanaians.
He explained, “Benchmarks that are known have been applied. The ministry of finance, transport ministry and parliament have been involved at one point or the other in passing the bill and fixing the fees of course with our input and I think every step that has been taken in this process is born out of good faith to find a solution that will help.”
Meanwhile, the company at the centre of the program, the National Road Safety Management Services Company Limited gave the stakeholders assurances that the company was committed to ensuring that they give Ghanaians value for the fees charged with no excuses.
Marketing and Communications Director Rolland Walker told Ultimate News, “there is no way based on the structure that the National Road Safety Commission has set up that there is going to be an incident in which consistently we are going to have services not provided.
There is going to be supervisory bodies that will comprise the police service etc. that will make sure there is no negligence or lack of service that is provided the public.
He also challenged Ghanaians to invoke the termination clauses or sue the company should it begin work and provide substandard services to the country.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: SpaceX to resume rocket flights after explosion
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Harikrishnans, the 1998-released Mammootty-Mohanlal movie still remains as one of the most celebrated multi-starrers in the history Malayalam cinema. The movie, which was directed by veteran director Fazil, featured Mammootty and Mohanlal in the title roles.
The detective comedy flick also marked the Malayalam debut of popular Bollywood actress Juhi Chawla, and acting debut of renowned cinematographer Rajiv Menon. Harikrishnans was jointly produced by Mohanlal and wife Suchitra Mohanlal, for Pranavam Arts.
Here is a throwback into the sets of Mammootty-Mohanlal duo's Harikrishnans...
Nana Weekly Photo Shoot This picture was clicked during the Nana weekly photo shoot which was held at the location of Harikrishnans. Mammootty and Mohanlal appeared together for the cover picture of Nana, after a long gap.
The SRK Factor This adorable picture was clicked while Shah Rukh Khan visited dear friend Juhi Chawla at the sets of Harikrishnans, in Ooty.
The team even planned to shoot an alternate climax for the movie with SRK in the role of Juhi's character Meera's fiance. But the idea was dropped later due to technical reasons.
The Team An unseen picture of Mammootty and Mohanlal from the location, with the leading lady Juhi Chawla, director Fazil, and director of photography, Anandakuttan.
The Poster Shoot A special picture, which was clicked during the first-look poster shoot of the movie. Mammootty, Mohanlal, and Juhi Chawla appeared in colour-coordinated looks, in the super stylish first look poster.
Family Times A very rare picture of Mammootty, Mohanlal, and Fazil with their respective families. We can see Sulfath Mammootty, Suchitra Mohanlal, Roseena Fazil, Pravav and Vismaya Mohanlal, etc., in the picture.
A Candid Click A candid picture of Mammootty and Mohanlal, which was clicked during the shooting of a fight sequence.
With MG Sreekumar An unseen picture of Mammootty and Mohanlal posing with renowned singer MG Sreekumar. The duo posed for a picture with Sreekumar, when he visited Mohanlal at the sets of the movie.
Harikrishnans was one of the very rare films in India which were released with a double climax. The team decided to have two different climaxes, with one focusing on Mammootty and another one with Mohanlal, to satisfy the fans of both the actors.
The Fazil movie had also made headline for its popular songs, which were sung by Dr. KJ Yesudas. Interestingly, the legendary singer made a new record by lending voice for both Mammootty and Mohanlal in different modulations, for the same song.
Mammootty kickstarted his popular biriyani treat, at the sets of Harikrishnans. The megastar, who is a huge fan of 'pothichoru' got it to the sets one day, for lunch. But the packet was immediately snatched by his co-star Mohanlal.
From the next day, Mammootty started bringing 'pothichoru' for both him and Mohanlal. Later, Mammootty began serving biriyani for the entire crew of all his films and has been following the custom from the past 19 years.
CBS Local — Paleontologists say that “the force” is strong with a newly discovered fossil in Idaho. The 245 million-year-old remnants of a prehistoric horseshoe crab have been named after the infamous Star Wars character, Darth Vader.
Researchers from New Mexico and Colorado named the four-inch-long fossil Vaderlimulus tricki after noting how much the crab looked like the helmet of the sci-fi villain.
“Vaderlimulus… has unusual body proportions that give it an odd appearance,” study author Allan Lerner of the New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science said in a press release.
The out-of-this-world fossil reportedly comes from the Mesozoic Era, when the landmass that's now present-day Idaho actually had a coastline. While many crab fossils discovered are much older than the Vaderlimulus — some at least 470 million-years-old — scientists believe this Vader-shaped creature belongs to the Austrolimulidae family of crab, which is now extinct.
IMPORTANT NEWS ALERT! A 245-Million-year-old Horseshoe Crab Fossil has been officially named after Star War's Darth Vader by @NMMNHS– the similarities are uncanny! pic.twitter.com/0miNAUDttN — Daily Planet (@dailyplanetshow) December 5, 2017
The Star Wars-themed name isn't the first time scientists have reached into a galaxy far, far away for inspiration. Other creatures named for the movie's characters include the Trigonopterus chewbacca (a tiny weevil discovered in New Guinea) and the Tetramorium jedi (an ant that lives in the rainforest of Madagascar).
Today in completely gratuitous acts of random media consumption, Netflix , in their year-end user audit, released one particularly mind-boggling little nugget: One Canadian user streamed the final installment of Peter Jackon's LOTR film triology, Lord of the Rings: Return of the King , 361 orc-flogging times this year.
Not 3.61. Not 36.1. 361. No decimal. No mercy.
Now don't get us wrong, the Academy Award-winning Return of the King is not only the greatest fantasy film ever made, but also the best trilogy coup de grace in Hollywood history, but this? This is just disturbing. Return of the King clocks in at a whopping three hours and 21 minutes. That means this particular viewer spent just over 1,158 hours of their presumably human life watching Viggo Mortensen swing a giant rubber sword at a bunch of CG ghouls this year.
Further compounding the absurdity of this achievement is the fact that, while technically a year-end tally, the year isn't even over yet. As of Monday, December 11th, there have been 345 excruciating days in 2017, which means this Middle Earth wanderer has averaged 1.04 viewings of the Return of the King PER DAY this year. At that current rate, by the time New Year's Eve 2017 turns over to New Year's Day 2018, the yearly viewing total would rise to 381.8—or 382, minus that crappy epilogue where Frodo whines his way into heaven or whatever. Crazy impressive or just plain crazy? You decide.
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. — An Indiana man is upset that he'll now have limited access to part of the Hoosier National Forest that includes a cemetery where his family is buried.
The Herald Times reports that 81-year-old Kenneth Hays wants access to the Charles C. Deam Wilderness, particularly the Hays 2 Cemetery. The wilderness area borders Lake Monroe near Bloomington.
But local forest supervisor Michael Chaveas released an opinion earlier this year that limits vehicle access.
Chaveas says that a 1999 forest policy allows direct relatives to use motorized vehicles to visit cemeteries in Deam Wilderness. But he says only one person requests access each year and it's no longer economically feasible to maintain the trails.
Hays has filed a complaint with the United State Department of Agriculture, alleging the opinion violates his civil rights.
——
Information from: The Herald Times, http://www.heraldtimesonline.com
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Health Care Blockchain Competition to Be Held March 14-15, 2017 in Collaboration with DC Blockchain Summit 2017
WASHINGTON, DC--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - The Chamber of Digital Commerce is co-hosting the "Blockchain in Healthcare Code-A-Thon" in collaboration with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ONC). Code-A-Thon participants will develop distributed-ledger-based applications and solutions that address key operational issues in the nation's health care system -- including identity management, data aggregation and data linkage.
The Code-A-Thon is open to the public and will take place over an intense 24-hour period at Georgetown University. Up to 12 winners will be announced at the opening ceremonies of the DC Blockchain Summit on March 15, 2017. Up to $15,000 will be awarded to the challenge winners; prizes range from $500 - $5000.
"ONC's participation speaks volumes about the serious, long-term potential application of blockchain to the health care sector," said Perianne Boring, founder and president of the Chamber of Digital Commerce. "This competition will highlight the wide-reaching benefits of blockchain and distributed ledger solutions, while creating new opportunities for innovation in health care."
"The Code-A-Thon is a great opportunity to follow up on the blockchain in health care challenge we administered, which received over 70 whitepapers, and the subsequent workshop we co-sponsored with our colleagues at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)," said Steve Posnack, ONC's Director of the Office of Standards and Technology. "We look forward to seeing how this event can expand everyone's thinking about blockchain-based applications in health care."
Participants in the Code-A-Thon will be challenged to use open source distributed ledger technology and health-specific standards to address one of the following health information technology (health IT) tracks:
1. Identity Management - Use of blockchain to support the identity management requirements for application programming interfaces (APIs) for both provider-to-provider and provider-to-patient exchanges.
2. Metadata Tagging and Policy Expression - Use of blockchain for securing metadata, tagging information, and managing access to health information.
3. Data Aggregation and Linkage - Use of blockchain technology to securely aggregate, link and share patient data.
The "Blockchain in Healthcare Code-A-Thon" is limited to the first 100 contestants and 50 attendees who register. For more information, rules, registration and prizes, visit: www.cccinnovationcenter.com/challenges/blockchain-in-healthcare-code-a-thon/.
Registration will end promptly March 7, 2017 at 11:59 pm ET.
About the Chamber of Digital Commerce
The Chamber of Digital Commerce is the world's leading trade association dedicated to promoting the understanding, acceptance and use of digital assets and blockchain-based technologies. Headquartered in Washington, D.C., the Chamber is the founder of the Smart Contracts Alliance, the Blockchain Alliance, the Global Blockchain Forum and many other key industry initiatives. For more information, please visit DigitalChamber.org or follow us on Twitter: @ChamberDigital.
Joe Perez of Greeley listens as Alex Ortega of Loveland speaks to a crowd of about a dozen constituents Thursday afternoon just outside the office of U.S. Rep. Ken Buck, R-Colo. The Colorado Immigrant Rights Coalition organized the rally to drop in at Buck's Greeley office, 1023 39th Ave., and call on Buck to support the Development, Relief and Education for Alien Minors Act. "DREAMers are as American as apple pie. We have lived in this country, we have contributed to this country, and we love this country just like an American person," Ortega said. Buck's staff met with individuals in the group and took the group's contact information to set up a meeting with Buck when he's back in Colorado. Spokesman Kyle Huwa said Buck thanks the group for their civic engagement. "Once we have a bill that includes serious border security and mandatory e-verify, I'll gladly review ways to address the situation faced by DACA-eligible individuals," Buck said in a statement.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Danny Salazar finished six innings strong after a shaky start, Michael Brantley homered and drove in two runs and the Cleveland Indians beat the Minnesota Twins 3-1 on Monday night.
Salazar (1-1) struck out seven and retired 15 of his last 18 batters after allowing five hits and one walk over a seven-batter stretch spanning the first two innings. Brantley's groundout tied it in the third, and Edwin Encarnacion's single gave the reigning AL champions the lead on their way to only their third win in 10 games.
Then Brantley took Kyle Gibson (0-2) deep in the fifth inning, raising his career average in 13 at-bats against the Twins right-hander to .385 with four RBIs.
Cody Allen loaded the bases in the ninth, but he completed his third save by getting Joe Mauer to fly out to center field.
Twelve games into the season, the Twins entered with the lowest team ERA (2.46) in the majors, and the Indians brought the highest (5.35).
Salazar had the bases loaded in the first inning and escaped with a groundout. Then Eddie Rosario's RBI single with none out in the second gave the Twins an early lead and put runners at second and third, but Salazar slithered out of the situation with two strikeouts and an infield popup.
Predictably for the Twins and their missed opportunities, the right-hander went on a roll from there. Salazar struck out the side in the sixth, despite a one-out walk. He sent Rosario back empty after missing an 87 mph breaking ball that zipped out of the strike zone to finish the frame.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cleveland: In the best-case scenario according to manager Terry Francona, 2B Jason Kipnis (sore right shoulder) would rejoin the team for his season debut on Friday in Chicago to face the White Sox. The two-time All-Star's rehab assignment was interrupted last week when he was hit on the left hand with a pitch.
Minnesota: CF Byron Buxton, off to an abysmal 4-for-43 start with a majors-most 23 strikeouts, was on the bench for just the second game. Max Kepler played CF, with Robbie Grossman in RF. Manager Paul Molitor said he thought Buxton made mild progress at the plate over the weekend.
UP NEXT
Cleveland: RHP Josh Tomlin (0-2, 18.47 ERA) will make his third start after two ugly turns. He allowed 18 of 36 batters to reach base.
Minnesota: RHP Phil Hughes (2-0, 3.86 ERA) will take the mound for the third time this year, seeking his first 3-0 start since going 5-0 in six turns in 2010.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Cape Coral police say a drunk driver is responsible for slamming into a street sign and splitting a palm tree in half in the southern part of the city.
Impiyakhe Smiley left a path of destruction at the 5800 block of South Chiquita Boulevard next to Cape Harbour and took out city road signs and lawns.
Police reports say the 32-year-old Smiley caused the crash that ripped a palm tree in half.
"I couldn't believe how half a tree is still standing. They took out a half of a royal palm!" said resident, Doreen Glover.
Officers also found crack cocaine, marijuana, and a gun inside Smiley's smashed car.
"You don't like hearing that he had that in the vehicle," Glover said.
Police arrested smiley for drunk driving.
Smiley is still in the Lee County jail where he is facing a handful of charges like DUI and property damage, as well as drug trafficking and firearms charges.
He has been arrested 13 times in Lee County.
Copyright 2018 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
As iPhone users are trying to figure out the new iOS 11 software, we can expect iOS 11.1 to bring plenty of firepower to our phones, including brand-new emojis!
Now we don't know exactly when iOS 11.1 will be released, but these emojis will be released with a beta version of the software next week! We can expect new animals like a giraffe, a zebra, a hedgehog, plenty of new emotions, and for the first time, gender neutral faces available in a variety of skin tones.
Check out the new emojis below!
Via The Verge
Irish soccer fans in the Phoenix Park, Dublin after the 2002 World Cup. Source: Leon Farrell/Photocall Ireland
THE FIRST EVER permanent exhibition on the Irish flag is to open at the GPO Witness History Visitor Centre in Dublin this month.
The exhibition, installed by the Thomas F Meagher Foundation, will be dedicated by the Ceann Comhairle Sean O'Fearghail on 23 February to commemorate the 170th anniversary of the first flying of the flag.
The Thomas F Meagher Foundation, which was co-founded by Church of Ireland Reverend Michael Cavanagh and Fianna Fáil Senator Mark Daly, promotes “pride in and respect for the Irish flag and its meaning for peace”.
Thomas F Meagher first flew the tricolour at the Wolfe Tone Club in Waterford in 1848.
He said the white of the flag in the centre signified a “lasting truce between orange and green”.
The foundation was a partner in the Government's 1916 centenary celebrations, which included the project of presenting the flag to the country's schools – carried out by the Defence Forces.
Brendan Coyle age 8 and Mark Brennan age 11 at Foley Street in Dublin in 2016. Source: RollingNews.ie
As part of the celebrations, a number of high-profile Irish figures are to attend the dedication ceremony in the GPO, included sports stars Henry Shefflin, John Hayes, Packie Bonner and Stephanie Roche.
In addition, Senator Daly has invited President John F Kennedy's grand nephew, Congressman Joe Kennedy, to attend the ceremony.
Congressman Kennedy was chosen to deliver the Democratic response to the President's State of the Union address earlier this week.
Congressman Kennedy and Senator Mark Daly
The congressman is an honorary board member of the Thomas F Meagher Foundation, with Senator Daly stating that the Kennedy connection with the Irish flag is “long and enduring”.
Congressman Kennedy's grand-uncle, the late Senator Ted Kennedy, was presented with Thomas F Meagher's battle sword by Taoiseach Bertie Ahern when he addressed a joint session of the US Congress in 2008.
While in 1963, the late President John F Kennedy presented the battle flag of Thomas F Meagher's regiment, the famous ‘Fighting 69th', to the people of Ireland when he addressed a joint sitting of the Dáil and Seanad.
The flag continues to be displayed in Leinster House to this day.
Speaking about the new exhibition, the Ceann Comhairle Sean O'Fearghail said:
I feel it is truly important we mark the 170th anniversary of the first flying of the flag and what the flag really means, as a symbol of our nation and peace.
In conjunction with the permanent exhibition being unveiled this year, in 2019, a plaque from the President of Ireland, which mentions Meagher as an embodiment of the millions of Irish who contributed so much to the United States, will be unveiled in the Washington Monument.
“This is a great honour for Ireland as only five plaques have been placed in the Washington Monument in the last 70 years,” said Daly.
Wintry conditions have caused chaos to Wrexham's road and led to dozens of schools closing on Monday - but for some the snow is so much fun!
On Sunday, parents and youngsters enjoyed the perfect sledging weather at the town's Bellevue Park.
Click on our main image above to view all our fun snow pictures.
Pictures by Rick Matthews / RM101217C
A two-star prospect at Watertown, Staats spent last fall at Navy's prep academy.
The 6-foot-5, 265-pound tackle had committed to Air Force during his senior year at WHS before flipping to Navy. He also had an offer from Western Kentucky.
Staats will be classified as a freshman and eligible to play this fall.
The Income Tax Department on Wednesday notified that processing of more than 99 percent of refund under the income-tax returns has been cleared with effect and rectification.
“More than 20,000 such matters were disposed of and refunds were issued to the taxpayers, wherever due,” stated the Income Tax Department.
The Income Tax Department observed a dedicated fortnight from 1st to 15th June, 2018 to expeditiously clear pending matters of appeal effect and rectification.
“Seeing the success of this initiative, the special drive was extended in certain regions up to 30th June, 2018,” added the statement.
Further, large amounts of refunds have also been issued consequent to processing of income-tax returns. More than 99 percent of all refund claims pending for processing as on 30.06.2018 have already been processed and the refunds due have been issued to the taxpayers.
In all, refunds in 45.07 lakh cases have been issued during April-June, 2018, which is 9.0 lakh more than the refunds issued during the same period last year. More than 3 lakh refunds of Assessment Year 2018-19, for which returns have been filed only in last few weeks, have also been issued.
More than Rs 70,000 crore of refunds have been issued to the taxpayers as a result of the special drive and expeditious processing of returns involving claim of refunds.
Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) is committed to constantly reducing the service delivery timelines, expeditiously resolving the grievances of the taxpayers and improving the overall level of taxpayer service.
A three-car accident sent a person to a Valley hospital Friday afternoon.
The crash happened around 1:21 p.m. at Desert Primrose Lane and Town Center Drive, near the Town Center shopping center.
A person trapped in one of the vehicles involved was extricated by responding officials.
It was unclear if anyone else was injured.
No further details were immediately released.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
For an optimal navigation, the RFI website requires JavaScript to be enabled in your browser.
To take full advantage of multimedia content, you must have the Flash plugin installed in your browser.
To connect, you need to enable cookies in your browser settings.
For an optimal navigation, the RFI site is compatible with the following browsers: Internet Explorer 8 and above, Firefox 10 and +, Safari 3+, Chrome 17 and + etc.
NEW YORK — Luis Severino struck out 11 in seven overpowering innings, beating longtime Yankees nemesis Dallas Keuchel for the second time this year as New York topped the Houston Astros 5-3 on Wednesday night.
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 slump with a two-run single and the Yankees took two of three from the reigning World Series champions this week to win the season series 5-2. Houston defeated New York in the 2017 AL Championship Series, with the home team winning all seven games.
If these budding rivals meet again this year, it will be in October.
Severino (8-1) allowed four hits, including Max Stassi's two-run homer, and walked one in winning his sixth consecutive decision. The ace right-hander, who hasn't lost since April 10 at Boston, threw a five-hitter with 10 strikeouts for his first career complete game in a 4-0 victory over Keuchel at Houston on May 2.
David Robertson struck out two in a scoreless eighth and Aroldis Chapman got three outs for his 12th save in 13 chances. Stassi, subbing for injured catcher Brian McCann, hit an RBI double with two outs in the ninth before Chapman fanned George Springer to end it.
After dominating the Yankees for years, Keuchel (3-7) dropped his third straight start against them — including the playoffs. The left-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings.
Keuchel entered 6-4 with a 1.82 ERA and two complete games in 10 outings against New York, including three post-season starts.
The 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner walked two batters in the first inning, and centre fielder Jake Marisnick made a diving catch on a sacrifice fly by slumping slugger Giancarlo Stanton.
Sanchez rolled a two-run single through an open right side with two outs in the fifth to put the Yankees ahead 3-2.
Gleyber Torres doubled to start the sixth and scored from third on Didi Gregorius' single through a drawn-in infield that chased Keuchel. Aaron Hicks looped an RBI double off Collin McHugh later in the inning that got past a diving Marwin Gonzalez in left field.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LEE'S SUMMIT, Mo. -- To students at one metro high school, he was a superhero.
"Superman Sam" Smith, 19, passed away on Easter Sunday morning, having fought cancer for most of his young adult life. Smith's family members and friends say they've lost a tough fighter and a wonderful person.
The end of a five-year battle against cancer has ended. Everyone around Lee's Summit West High School knew Smith, and his fight for good health.
"Superman Sam," as he was affectionately known, ended his battle with cancer around 4.a.m. on Sunday, passing away peacefully with loved ones and schoolmates by his side.
"I've lost this person in my life who brought me a great deal of happiness," Liz Haus, Smith's girlfriend, told FOX 4 News on Monday.
Haus says she and Smith had dated for over two years, having met as teammates on the Titans swim team. She watched as Sam went into remission in 2015, but then, his cancer returned, and his family sought help from oncologists at M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Texas, as the cancer spread from his leg into his lungs and throat.
"It's very hard to hear because I know how hard he fought, and that he wasn't able. He lost. It's sad," Haus said. "He's probably the hardest fighter I've ever met in my life."
FOX 4 News had followed Sam's progression over a four-year period, both through times of good health and bad, as he fought pediatric cancer. Smith kept his fight up throughout high school, and had recently graduated from Lee's Summit West High School, and had intentions of attending college, before his health took a turn for the worse.
"He constantly got bad news. He never gave up. He always stayed positive," Haus said.
Smith's cancer was first diagnosed five years ago, after breaking his leg during a football practice. Doctors discovered cancerous lesions in his leg during an examination. Bennett Fredrickson, Sam's best friend, was in uniform during that practice. He says he visited Smith's family before sunrise on Sunday, as Sam finished the fight.
"I grew up with him. I played football with him," Fredrickson said. "Sam taught me how to be a man. I really looked up to Sam, and the way he acted. What he did for his family. How he presented himself. I thought that was really cool."
"He's the greatest person that I've ever met. Just, he's great," Haus said.
This isn't the only tragedy the Smiths have suffered in recent years. Last August, Tony Smith, Sam's father, died of a heart attack while waterskiing. Now, his family says they're happy the two are reunited in heaven.
Smith's brother, Henry, tells FOX 4 News Sam's funeral services will be held this weekend at Colonial Presbyterian Church in South Kansas City.
"He fought cancer for so long, and fought to his last breath," Henry Smith said. "He showed strength around everyone else to keep his pain from affecting others."
Colleen Gibler, who's spent 12 years as Lee's Summit West swim coach, says Smith was an inspiration to others, and she believes it's somehow appropriate that he passed away on Easter Sunday.
"His peers have grown up in a different way. They've all become adults far too early in dealing with his tragedy, but they've become wonderful young adults with a strong faith and a different perspective on what it means to fight through things," Gibler said.
Gibler says her remaining Titan swimmers are planning to build a memorial garden at the Smith family home -- a gesture, and a token of appreciation, and a certainty that Smith's legacy will continue to grow.
"They won't realize the effect he's had on them for years to come. When it hits them, they're going to realize Sam was really something."
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Persado, the leading provider of AI-generated cognitive content for top global brands, today announced the appointment of two executives. Grigoris Kouteris has been named Chief Financial Officer, reporting to Cofounder and CEO Alex Vratskides. Mr. Kouteris will oversee all financial operations, legal affairs, and human resources. Additionally, Maria Flores Portillo joins Persado as Vice President, UK, expanding sales efforts across Europe and reporting to Greg Dale, COO. Both are based in Persado's London offices.
Mr. Kouteris was most recently at Upstream, the leading mobile commerce platform that incubated and eventually spun off the solution that became Persado. As Upstream's Managing Director since 2012, he maintained full P&L ownership and day-to-day oversight of all operational and commercial aspects of the company. In this role Mr.Kouteris overperformed on net revenue and EBITDA targets through market expansion, product launches, and operational efficiencies. Other positions he held at Upstream, which he joined in 2006, included business development, global account management, and commercial operations. Before that at strategy consulting firm Mars & Co, Mr. Kouteris advised telecommunications and financial services clients on projects ranging from pricing optimization to organizational change management. He was also senior consultant at the European Tech Labs of Accenture, performing strategic research and analysis on emerging technologies like IoT and micropayments. Mr. Kouteris holds a BEng and a MPhil in Electronic Engineering from UMIST, Manchester, UK.
Ms. Flores Portillo comes to Persado from Ooyala, which she first joined in 2012 as VP New Business when it was still Videoplaza. Ms. Flores Portillo fueled growth by developing a new revenue line that rapidly surpassed the existing business, and was an integral part of the team that eventually sold Videoplaza to Ooyala. She then took on a wider role across EMEA, looking after business development, ad technology, and channel sales. Ms. Flores Portillo was previously a Strategic Partnerships Manager at Google, working with large media and brand companies across Europe to expand their advertising business, and a Senior Product Manager at EE, the largest and most advanced mobile communications company in the UK. Like Mr. Kouteris, Ms. Flores Portillo was previously at Upstream, filling a number of roles including Head of Business Planning, Account Director, and Business Developer. Ms. Flores Portillo holds an MSC in Mobile and Satellite Communications from the University of Surrey and Superior Degree in Telecommunications Engineering from Universidad Publica de Navarra.
"It is with great pleasure that I welcome Grigoris and Maria, both of whom I personally know from Upstream, and whose considerable accomplishments are a tremendous asset to Persado as we scale to accommodate accelerated growth and expansion, particularly in light of rising demand in the UK/EMEA," said Mr. Vratskides.
About Persado, Inc.
Persado's cognitive content platform generates language that inspires action. Powered by cognitive computing technologies, the platform exponentially enhances creativity by eliminating the limitations imposed by traditional message creation. Persado arms organizations and individuals with "smart content" that maximizes the efficacy of communication with any audience at scale, while delivering unique insight into the specific triggers that drive action.
Using Persado, leading brands such as Citi, American Express, MetLife, Microsoft, Neiman Marcus, Staples, and Verizon Wireless have realized one billion dollars in incremental revenue and an average uplift of 49.5% in conversions across marketing campaigns. Named a Gartner Cool Vendor in Data-Driven Marketing, Persado's investors include Goldman Sachs, Bain Capital Ventures, StarVest Partners, American Express Ventures and Citi Ventures. Persado is headquartered in New York City with locations in San Francisco, Chicago, London, Athens, and Rome. For more information see www.persado.com.
Whether it's Quentin Tarantino shooting “Hateful Eight” in 65mm, the Panavision Millenium DXL, RED's VV sensors, the Arri Alexa 65, or the new Sony Venice, large format cinematography is being touted as the Next Big Thing (pun intended). Large format—from full-frame 36 x 24mm to RED/DXL's 40.96 x 21.60mm, Arri's 54.12 x 25.58 mm, and beyond—is said to deliver greater depth, dimensionality, roundness, naturalness, and just all-around goodness than plain old Super35mm at 25 x 18mm (more or less, depending on the camera). It's not uncommon to find rapturous reports of using large formats, and there's a raging discussion on CML this past week about just why bigger is better.
What strikes me in many of these colloquies is that it's exceedingly hard to pin down what exactly it is about large format work that gives it that special quality. There tends to be a lot of handwaving, with amorphous terms like “naturalness”, “dimensionality”, and “roundness” that elude definition. Sometimes two images are presented for comparison: shot on different film stocks, of different subjects, with different lighting in different environments, using different aspect ratios (we are not making this up). It's all a bit too much “is this apple more like a banana, or is this tangerine more like a guava?” for my tastes.
Trust, but verify
In an attempt to better understand the “large format experience”, I decided to shoot the same subjects on two or three formats of different sizes, varying some parameters while keeping others constant. In this way I could look at individual factors, including:
Aspect ratio
Resolution
Focal length / angle of view
Aperture / depth of field
“Look-around”
If there's magic sauce involved, this methodology should squeeze it out.
To that end, I procured two Sony ILCs: an A6300 with a Super35mm-ish sensor, and an A7ii as a full-frame exemplar. Both cameras have the same photosite count so I could match resolutions between formats. They also have similar image rendering characteristics, so I can minimize the effects of differing color and tonal-scale responses.
Both cameras came with kit lenses, a 16–50mm f/3.5–5.6 on the A6300 and a 28–70mm f/3.5–5.6 on the A7ii. These are typical Sony kit zooms: they render images with boringly middle-of-the-road good quality, low distortion, minimal flare, and unfussy bokeh. Importantly, the lenses lack substantial differentiating “character”, so there's nothing that calls attention to the particular lens used to make an image. Thus I can avoid the sorts of biases that might creep in from shooting one format with a crisp Zeiss prime and the other with, say, a Lomo Petzval.
You might ask why I didn't get some proper video or cine cameras and lenses for this test, like a Sony F55 for S35mm and a Venice for full frame, and a case full of matched Zeiss primes for each. All I can say is: if you pay for the rentals and insurance, I'll happily test 'em.
I also threw a Panasonic GH5 into the mix, with an MFT sensor half the width of full-frame. Its photosite count is 14% lower and its color and tone handling are different, but its 12-35mm f/2.8 zoom is just about as boring as the Sony kit zooms when it comes to “character”. I shot all three cameras in their Rec.709 modes (PP4 on the Sonys, Like709 on the Panasonic) to get them all as close as possible to a common rendering.
Sony A7ii: 35.8 x 20.1 mm (in 16×9); 6000 x 3376 photosites. Full-frame, “FF”
Sony A6300: 23.5 x 13.2mm (in 16×9); 6000 x 3376 photosites. Super35mm, “S35mm”
Panasonic GH5: 17.3 x 9.7mm (in 16×9); 5184 x 2916 photosites. Micro Four Thirds, “MFT”
Shall we have a look? I'll present a series of image comparisons. In each one, I've varied one thing while keeping everything else constant—but I won't say what I've done. Have a look at each comparison and see how the images vary—if they do.
For best results use a “large format” tablet, laptop, or desktop machine; a “small format” phone won't give the clearest view of the images. Yes, sometimes size does matter.
Which images have the most “dimensionality”, “depth”, “roundness”, and/or “naturalness”? What have I changed between the images in a comparison, and how do those changes contribute to the “large format look”?
Afterwards, I'll show each series again, with explanations and commentary.
TL;DR version: skip to page 2 if you want to bypass all the freakin' Junior Detective work and just see what the heck it was I did. Because, maybe—just maybe—you have a life and want to get on with it?
Series 1
Series 2
Series 3
Series 4
Series 5
Series 6
Series 7
Series 8
Series 9
When you're ready, go to page 2…
Was This Post Helpful:
Stephen Curry at Spectrum Center
Stephen Curry will not be joining his teammates on Wednesday, December 6, 2017 in action against the Charlotte Hornets at the Spectrum Center in Charlotte, NC due to an injury to his right ankle. Curry sustained the injury during action against the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday evening. Curry was at the team's shoot around Wednesday morning standing with his father, Dell Curry and others in a tunnel off the court.
BOSTON, MA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Below is the March 2017 Monthly Update for the Liberty All-Star® Growth Fund, Inc. ( NYSE : ASG)
Liberty All-Star Growth Fund Monthly Update Ticker: ASG March, 2017 Investment Approach
Fund Style: All- Cap Growth Fund Strategy: Combines three growth style investment managers, each with a distinct capitalization focus (small-, mid- and large-cap)selected and continuously monitored by the Fund's Investment Advisor. Investment Managers: Weatherbie Capital, LLC
Small-Cap Growth
Congress Asset Management Company, LLP
Mid-Cap Growth
Sustainable Growth Advisers, LP
Large-Cap Growth
Top 20 Holdings at Month-End (30.4% of equity portfolio) (Rank from previous month) 1 Middleby Corp. (1) 2.1% 2 FirstService Corp. (3) 1.9% 3 Signature Bank (2) 1.8% 4 IPG Photonics Corp. (5) 1.7% 5 Core Laboratories NV (6) 1.6% 6 MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. (8) 1.6% 7 Salesforce.com, Inc. (10) 1.5% 8 Facebook, Inc., Class A (14) 1.5% 9 Paylocity Holding Corp. (24) 1.5% 10 Apple, Inc. (15) 1.5% 11 Visa, Inc., Class A (12) 1.4% 12 Stamps.com, Inc. (4) 1.4% 13 Amazon.com, Inc. (17) 1.4% 14 Insulet Corp. (11) 1.4% 15 NIKE, Inc., Class B (13) 1.4% 16 Red Hat, Inc. (22) 1.4% 17 Mondelez International, Inc., Class A (16) 1.4% 18 The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (19) 1.3% 19 FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (9) 1.3% 20 Ecolab, Inc. (20) 1.3% Holdings are subject to change.
Monthly Performance Performance NAV Market Price Discount Beginning of month value $5.10 $4.54 -11.0% Distributions - - End of month value $5.12 $4.54 -11.3% Performance for month 0.39% 0.00% Performance year-to-date 9.00% 10.99%
The net asset value (NAV) of a closed-end fund is the market value of the underlying investments (i.e., stocks and bonds) in the Fund's portfolio, minus liabilities, divided by the total number of Fund shares outstanding. However, the Fund also has a market price; the value at which it trades on an exchange. If the market price is above the NAV the Fund is trading at a premium. If the market price is below the NAV the Fund is trading at a discount.
Performance returns for the Fund are total returns, which includes dividends, and are net of management fees and other Fund expenses. Returns are calculated assuming that a shareholder reinvested all distributions. Past performance cannot predict future investment results.
Performance will fluctuate with changes in market conditions. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data shown. Performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of taxes that shareholders would pay on Fund distributions or the sale of Fund shares. Shareholders must be willing to tolerate significant fluctuations in the value of their investment. An investment in the Fund involves risk, including loss of principal.
Sources of distributions to shareholders may include ordinary dividends, long-term capital gains and return of capital. The actual amounts and sources of the amounts for tax reporting purposes will depend upon the Fund's investment experience during its fiscal year and may be subject to changes based on tax regulations. If a distribution includes anything other than net investment income, the fund provides a Section 19(a) notice of the best estimate of its distribution sources at that time, available at www.all-starfunds.com. These estimates may not match the final tax characterization (for the full year's distributions) contained in shareholders' 1099-DIV forms after the end of the year.
They didn't wear hoods as they chanted "Jews will not replace us." They weren't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags, racist signs and swastikas. They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute.
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic, the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend wasn't a KKK rally: "It was a pride march."
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point. But it was also an opening.
On the Internet, some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally. Most prominently, on Twitter, the account called "Yes, You're Racist" has been soliciting help and posting IDs. "I'll make them famous," the account pledged.
So far, at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed.
Cole White, who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley, Calif., "voluntarily resigned" on Saturday after his employer confronted him about his participation in the event, according to the Berkeleyside news site.
@YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account. Since 2012, the account has been calling out "casual racism on Twitter," according to the user's fundraising page. It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets, highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say "I'm not racist but ..." followed by something, well, racist.
But after the rally in Charlottesville, Yes You're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers.
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville. The account identified one man as "Illegal Aryan," who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month, "See you in Charlottesville!"
"Illegal Aryan," real name Mark Daniel Reardon, was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that he lost his job as a result.
Another identified marcher, who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says he is a member of the Proud Boys, said on Twitter he was at Charlottesville. After he was identified, he said he's received death threats.
Of course, there's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses.
Jon Ronson, who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon (it's called So You've Been Publicly Shamed), chimed in on Twitter to give his take on the public identification of the white supremacists, white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville.
"They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media," he said, noting also that there's "a big difference" between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power.
That said, Twitter is "a terrible information swapping service," he said, and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process.
Indeed, the "Yes You're Racist" account has made, and acknowledged, some mistakes.
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally, not the Charlottesville march or rally. (That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband. He said on Youtube he wore it as a "social experiment" to prove that "not all Trump supporters are Nazis. I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point, not to spread a message of hate.")
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper. Roper, who has called for non-white races to be "eliminated" or "become extinct," did not actually attend the Charlottesville event. Roper, who is vehemently anti-Semitic, objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser.
Roper wrote on his blog that he actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the "Arkansas Engineering" marcher:
"Early on in the game, I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture, in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after. So, I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others."
As Roper muddied the waters, others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor, which was false.
Meanwhile, one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely him — but he insisted he's "not the angry racist" people see in the photo.
"As a white nationalist, I care for all people," said Peter Cvjetanovic, who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada, Reno.
"I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was," he told KTVN.
A "Yes, You're Racist" tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times.
Military police search for fugitives of the Anisio Jobim Penitentiary Complex after a riot in the prison left at least 60 people killed and several injured, in Manaus, Brazil on Jan. 2. Marcio Silva / AFP - Getty Images
RIO DE JANEIRO — At least 60 inmates died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas, including several who were beheaded or dismembered, in the biggest killing at a Brazilian prison since 1992.
Amazonas state public security secretary Sergio Fontes said that in addition to the deaths, some inmates escaped, but he did not say how many. He added that 40 had been recaptured.
Twelve prison guards were held hostage by the inmates, though none were wounded."This is the biggest prison massacre in our state's history," Fontes said during a press conference.
The riot at the Anisio Jobim Penitentiary Complex began Sunday afternoon and lasted until Monday morning.
It was the largest death toll during a Brazilian prison riot since the killing of 111 inmates by police officers in the Carandiru penitentiary in São Paulo in 1992. Police said they acted in self-defense then.
Fontes confirmed that many of the dead had been beheaded and Judge Luis Carlos Valois, who negotiated the end of the riot with inmates, said he saw many bodies that were quartered.
"I never saw anything like that in my life. All those bodies, the blood," Valois wrote on Facebook.
Relatives of prisoners await news in front of the Medical Legal Institute after the riot. Michael Dantas / Reuters
Authorities said the riot apparently grew out of a fight between two of the country's biggest crime gangs of the country over control of several prisons.
Fontes said the inmates made few demands to end the riot, which hints at a killing spree organized by members of a local gang, the Family of the North, against those of the First Command of the Capital, which is based in São Paulo.
The secretary said that officers found a hole in a prison wall through which weapons entered the building. Several firearms were found in the post-riot search by police.
The First Command, nationally known as PCC, is the most powerful drug and prison gang in Brazil and it has been trying to extend its reach to northern prisons dominated by the Family of the North.
Valois said that during the negotiations, inmates only asked "that we did not transfer them, made sure they were not attacked and kept their visitation.
"The riot ended after the inmates freed the last of the 12 prison staffers they had held hostage, Valois said.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Roy Hodgson has set the typical 40 point targets to stave off relegation from the Premier League but said this doesn't mean they are writing off games against the likes of Manchester United and Tottenham.
The Eagles boss is happy to stick with the tried and trusted as his side continues their fight for Premier League survival with more teams than ever being in the relegation battle.
Just five points separate 18th and 10th in the league while Palace have 26 points meaning they require a further 14 from the final 13 games of the season to reach Hodgson's target.
He said: "We stick to the classic ones, the time honoured 40 points, There haven't been any teams relegated with 40 points since my friend Trevor Brooking's unfortunate West Ham team many, many years ago. We think 40 should be enough, we'll stick with that one yes."
That led to questions about the importance of this weekend's match against Newcastle due to a more than tricky line up Hodgson's men have after this weekend.
Sunday's fixture is followed by Everton, Manchester United, Tottenham and Chelsea, with brief respite against Huddersfield before taking on Liverpool.
With the Eagles just three points away from the relegation, for most that would be a worry but the ex-West Brom manager doesn't see those fixtures as a foregone conclusion.
He said: "You can say that but we don't like to write off games in that way. We don't like to play games on paper and say we can win this one but we can't win that one.
"Swansea recently have shown you can play Liverpool and Arsenal at home and still take six points. I don't think many pundits or many people who bet on football matches would have put money on Swansea to win those games.
"As far as we're concerned we'll play each game as it comes and be aware that there are teams that are way, way above us in the league who are there on merit because they're maybe better than we are, and they'll be harder games to win than the games against the teams around us."
