BOSTON (AP) — A Massachusetts man who vanished after attending a Boston Celtics game more than two weeks ago has been found dead in a river.
State police say they pulled the body from the Charles River on Sunday night after a passer-by spotted it. Police on Monday confirmed it was that of 23-year-old Michael Kelleher, of Southborough.
Kelleher's parents said in a statement: “Michael was claimed by the Charles River the night of his disappearance. At 8:00 this morning, the river gave him back to us.”
His parents also thanked everyone who helped in the search.
Kelleher was last seen March 29 after attending a Celtics game with a friend.
The cause of death remains under investigation.
SINGAPORE: The Bangkok Post website has been hacked, said Thailand's English-language broadsheet on Tuesday (Dec 12).
Shortly before 1pm, the newspaper tweeted: "Announcement: The Bangkokpost.com website has been hacked and is currently under maintenance. We're very sorry for this technical hiccup."
A cached version of the Bangkok Post homepage.
There was also a message on the site's homepage which read: "We are currently upgrading and enhancing Bangkokpost.com pages and systems to serve you better."
A cached version showed the website transformed with dark images featuring lightning, serpents and scenes from Game of Thrones, as well as the words "Hacker Sakit Hati" and "Your website has been damaged" flashing across the page.
Announcement: The https://t.co/n6eVjPHI8w website has been hacked and is currently under maintenance. We're very sorry for this technical hiccup. — Bangkok Post (@BangkokPostNews) December 12, 2017
Advertisement
IS claims New Year's attack on Istanbul nightclub
ISTANBUL (AP) – The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
Turkish police meanwhile detained eight people in connection to the attack but were still hunting for the gunman who disappeared amid the chaos of the attack.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried out by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate” who attacked the nightclub “where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man fired an automatic rifle and also detonated hand grenades in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross” and also suggested it was in retaliation for Turkish military offensives against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
“We let infidel Turkey know that the blood of Muslims that is being shed by its airstrikes and artillery shelling will turn into fire on its territories,” the statement said.
Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency said eight people were taken into custody by Istanbul anti-terrorism squads and they are being questioned at Istanbul's main police headquarters. It did not provide further information on the suspects.
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to the Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
The gunman killed a policeman and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing with an automatic rifle at an estimated 600 people partying inside.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Citing Justice Ministry officials, Anadolu reported that 38 of the 39 dead have been identified. The report said 11 of them were Turkish nationals, and one was a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen.
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia; three each were from Lebanon and Iraq; two each were from Tunisia, India, Morocco and Jordan. Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria and Russia each lost one citizen.
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to claim the bodies.
Turkish officials haven't released the names of those identified.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
The country suffered multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people. Authorities have said the three suicide bombers in the airport attack were Russia, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan and there has been speculation that Akhmed Chatayev, a Chechen extremist known to be a top lieutenant in the IS militant group, may have directed the attack.
In August, Turkey sent troops and tanks into northern Syria, to clear a border area from the IS and also curb the territorial advances of Syrian Kurdish forces in the region. The incursion followed an IS suicide attack on an outdoor wedding party in the city of Gaziantep, near the border with Syria, that killed more than 50 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities haven't confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Last week, Turkey and Russia brokered a cease-fire for Syria that excludes the IS and other groups considered to be terrorist organizations.
On Monday, Anadolu said more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations.
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff's office, Anadolu said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab, killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures. The Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak, eight kilometers (five miles) to the southwest of Al Bab.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
CORONATION Street's Aidan Connor is set to leave the soap very soon.
Coronation Street fans have been desperately trying to find out how Aidan Connor (Shayne Ward) will be leaving Weatherfield, and it seems a big hint has been dropped. Corrie cast member Eva Price (Catherine Tyldesley)is set to give birth to a daughter later this week, but the birth is being kept a total secret from friends and family. As far as fans are aware, the father of Eva's baby is her ex Aidan, but it looks like there could be a shock on the way.
ITV SHOCK TWIST?: Is Adam actually the dad of Eva's baby?
ITV HORRIFIED: Could Aidan finally believe the baby is his, only for a shock twist?
Coronation Street babe: Catherine Tyldesley Coronation Street babe, Catherine Tyldesley sexy pictures. 1 / 23 Instagram Catherine Tyldesley's hottest pictures
The official Corrie social media account posted a snap of Eva holding her baby, and captioned it: "EXCLUSIVE PIC: Baby 'Barlow' is born." Fans rushed to the picture to wonder if there could be a twist ahead — is Adam Barlow (Sam Robertson) actually the father of the little girl? One posted: "I didn't know that it was Adam's."
INSTAGRAM GIVING IT AWAY?: Could Corrie have hinted Adam is the baby daddy?
Corrie babe Brooke Vincent joins Dancing On Ice 2018 Coronation Street babe Brooke Vincent who played Sophie Webster has joined the Dancing On Ice crew to show off her skills. 1 / 32
Another added: "Barlow? Thought it was Aidan's?" Viewers know Eva is planning on giving the baby up to Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) and Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoigne), but it looks like it isn't going to pan out for the family. Is Aidan going to finally blieve the baby is his, only for a shock twist?
ITV WHAT NEXT?: Could the pair get back together?
Former Corrie babe Georgia May Foote Corrie babe and Strictly siren Georgia May Foote's sizzling pics. 1 / 21
Amped up by Saturday performances by the likes of Lady Gaga, Bon Iver and Gucci Mane, Coachella Valley Arts and Music festival partygoers continued their Bacchanalia streaks at the Neon Carnival, sponsored by Levi's and Tequila Don Julio.
Thousands of revelers descended upon the Desert Resorts Airport in Thermal, Calif., for the DJ-helmed, no-holds-barred extravaganza, which lit up the desert skyline with its can't-miss Ferris wheel and amusement park rides. The Brent Bolthouse-produced event, now in its eighth year, attracted a celebrity-filled crowd including Rihanna, Selena Gomez, Leonardo DiCaprio, Joan Smalls, Halsey, Alexander Wang, G-Eazy, The Weeknd, Taylor Hill, Vin Diesel and Diddy.
Miguel and Nazanin Mandi Lauren / WWD / REX / Shutterstock Miguel and Nazanin Mandi Miguel and Nazanin Mandi (Lauren / WWD / REX / Shutterstock)
A Tinder-themed matchmaker bumper car ride drew the likes of Sofia Richie and friends, while Alessandra Ambrosio and her pals hit the giant slide. Meanwhile, DNCE's Joe Jonas was spotted fueling up on pizza, following a day of party-hopping with girlfriend, “Game of Thrones” starlet Sophie Turner, including a stop at Republic Records and SBE's The Hyde Away.
Partygoers including Aaron Paul (one of the first arrivals of the night with his wife, Lauren), Scott Eastwood and James Franco, who all politely declined requests to be interviewed or photographed, took in the scene from their perch in the star-packed VIP bleachers, rubbing shoulders with the likes of former Coachella headliner Drake, who made an appearance after midnight with his entourage following a surprise performance with Future earlier that day.
G-Eazy Lauren / WWD / REX / Shutterstock G-Eazy G-Eazy (Lauren / WWD / REX / Shutterstock)
Jourdan Dunn, who was spied at Nylon's Friday night bash, arrived with her model pals in tow, while Coachella alum Halsey was hard to miss with her cropped pink ‘do, Asos bra top, Norma Kamali pants and Doc Martens. Other style standouts included a Saint Laurent-clad Miguel, who stopped by with his wife, model and swimwear designer Nazanin Mandi, and Neon Carnival veteran and Kendrick Lamar collaborator Jhené Aiko, who sported a Dries Van Noten jacket with sandals from her collaboration with Teva. What drew her to the event again this year? “The music and the rides,” she said, before vanishing into the crowd.
Caption Preparing for spring gardening Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Caption Preparing for spring gardening Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Caption Here's Isla Holbox is a flat, sandy, increasingly popular island off Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula. Why is business booming? Because and a great place to see whale sharks. Isla Holbox is a flat, sandy, increasingly popular island off Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula. Why is business booming? Because and a great place to see whale sharks. Caption America's most Irish city (Video by Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) (Video by Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) Caption NoMad collaborates with Curtis Stone Chef Curtis Stone of Gwen and Maude will be making the Gwen chicken burger as part of a collaborative effort with the NoMad food truck during March. The collaboration with various chefs in L.A. will allow NoMad to showcase different burgers, be part of the community and to draw attention to the opening, later this year, of the NoMad hotel downtown. Chef Curtis Stone of Gwen and Maude will be making the Gwen chicken burger as part of a collaborative effort with the NoMad food truck during March. The collaboration with various chefs in L.A. will allow NoMad to showcase different burgers, be part of the community and to draw attention to the opening, later this year, of the NoMad hotel downtown. Caption Why the Margherita pot stickers at Orsa & Winston pop out The Margherita pot stickers at Orsa & Winston pack the flavors of a Margherita pizza in a smaller form. The Margherita pot stickers at Orsa & Winston pack the flavors of a Margherita pizza in a smaller form.
ALSO
12 cannabis skin-care products worth trying
2017 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival: Desert wear
The looks of Coachella: from not-so-basic black to full floral maximalism
Tips to help manage stress during finals
Posted by John Buday on December 11, 2017 · Leave a Comment
Along with relationships, taxes and climate change, testing for many people qualifies as a stress-inducing topic. Very few enjoy taking tests, let alone studying for them, and yet here we are at the end of the semester with finals at the doorstep. Now if you're anything like me, there's at least one or two finals you would rather not deal with, which likely makes the obligation to study for them that much more tiresome. That's where my list comes in: to avoid stressing too much over exams, I've compiled a number of tips and tricks for healthy studying that may help ease the pain.
Plan time to study ahead of time
Time is a valuable commodity, but you want to make sure you have open windows of it devoted to your studies. Perhaps it goes without saying, but the best way to have your schedule on lock is to plan it out beforehand, preferably a day or so prior. If possible, set aside the time of day you are most alert and hold yourself to that timeslot. Any delay in your start, and you're only more likely to put it off, keep putting it off, and keep putting if off some more.
Prioritize your subjects
Again, if you have multiple finals to study for, you probably have some you're more worried about tackling than others. So, think of the subjects giving you the most jitters right now, and start from there. You're much better off getting the hard work out of the way first while you're still fresh, saving the subjects that require lesser brain power for later. Knowing that the worst of your study time is over can also add a substantial confidence boost as you continue on to easier subjects.
Take periodic breaks
For me, a four or five hour nonstop study session only withers my brain to exhaustion; the likelihood of my concentration dipping only increases the longer I push myself. Recently, I have tried to counter this by taking short periods of reprieve every hour or so, and thus far have found that it only helps ideas and concepts stick around in my mind for longer. I think in general, people would be better off studying in short bursts rather than long ones. When you give yourself time to breathe and let the ideas you're studying incubate, they're often easier to recall because you're not putting prolonged stress on your brain.
Do some exercise before you study
A sound mind and healthy body go hand in hand, so if you're worried about a potential lack of alertness at the time of your studying, work on one to help wake up the other. I've found that taking a short walk or performing some stretches before I begin clears up my mind when it's overly groggy. Exercise helps increase blood flow throughout the body, including the brain, where the added oxygen enables it to function better after clearing out any excess clutter.
Listen to some inspirational music
Nervousness is not so far away from excitement and inspiration as one may think, and I would say finding the right song is an underrated method for bridging that gap. Generally speaking, the more a song deals with such concepts as overcoming the greatest of odds or pushing forward when things get tough, the better it helps me channel my nervous energy into something better: sheer confidence and determination. Think iconic: “Eye Of The Tiger,” the training montage song from “Rocky”—some song that makes you feel unstoppable, untouchable, and unbeatable.
Whatever that song may be for you, I would highly recommend listening to it as a means to psych yourself up before jumping into your studies.
Eat a Hearty Breakfast
People claim breakfast is the most important meal of the day for a reason: being the first meal of the day, it factors into one's energy levels right from the get-go, playing a large role in how that energy will pan out over the remainder of the day. To maximize the potential for one's energy before studying for finals, having breakfast that emphasizes both protein and carbs will maximize the use of lasting energy for your brain. Make sure to include some fresh fruit as well to help you feel good and provide the proper nutrients you need to ace your class. I've personally found this to be the best recipe for success, no pun intended.
Set a reward for yourself when you finish
College life isn't all about the work. The essays you write, the projects you complete, or in this case, the finals you study for—all of it makes up an important fraction of the overall experience, but not the whole picture. Hard and honest work holds great value toward your academics, but so do reasonable and fulfilling rewards for those efforts. In this regard, if there's something you really want to do right after studying for final exams, save yourself time to do it at the end of your sessions. Set aside that time to treat yourself after a hard day's studying, and you will find that your ideal reward tastes even sweeter than it would without putting in honest effort.
John Buday can be reached at jbuday@umass.edu.
Dongsanqi village is the latest community to be demolished under a municipal campaign to dismantle what the city authority says are unsafe dwellings following years of "disorderly" development.
In last 75 years, Indian bid has moved from British-mukt Bharat to Congress-mukt Bharat
By Amulya Ganguli
On August 31, 1942, Lord Linlithgow wrote to Winston Churchill, “I am engaged here in meeting by far the most serious rebellion since that of 1857, the gravity and extent of which we have so far concealed from the world for reasons of military security.”
It wasn't until the beginning of the following year that the British were able to quell the uprising caused by the Congress's call on August 9 to the British to quit India, but not before the colonial rulers had had to use 57 battalions against the rebels and the administration had broken down in large parts of Bihar and what is now eastern UP.
The British blamed the Congress for the violence, but one probable reason for the attacks on railways stations and the cutting of telegraph wires was the incarceration of virtually the entire Congress leadership which left no one in the field to control and guide the mobs.
Some historians have pointed out, however, that this wasn't the first instance of the Congress's absence from the battlefield which enabled its arch-opponent, the Muslim League, to gain ground.
Moreover, the timing of the Quit India movement, which aimed at extracting a promise from the British to leave India at the end of World War II, has been questioned since it took place when the Allies were involved in a life-and-death struggle with the Axis powers. As such, it was unrealistic to expect an immediate assurance from the British, especially when a diehard imperialist like Churchill was the prime minister.
Had the Congress been the only player in the tussle with the colonial rulers, its tactics might have succeeded. But this wasn't the case since the Muslim League had been able by then to successfully exploit the fears which the Congress ministries, which ruled between 1937 and 1939, had aroused among sections of the Muslims about the imposition of a Hindu raj via the singing of Vande Mataram, among other things.
As a result, the Congress's attempt to force the pace, as it were, in the advance towards independence only enabled the Muslim League to cozy up to the British with its offer of support for the war effort.
But the League might not have made any headway if the Congress had not made several mistakes, as the colonial era bureaucrat, Penderel Moon, said in his book, “Divide and Quit”. One of them was to decline “to form coalition governments with the League in those provinces in which they had a majority” in 1937.
Then, when the war broke out, the Congress “could have retraced their steps and sought to join with the League in coalitions both in the provinces and at the centre.”
At a time when, according to Moon, “moderate men were still in control of the Muslim masses both in Bengal and the Punjab, the forces of disruption could have been checked” by a “working partnership” between the Congress and the League. But fate decreed otherwise.
A relook at the events at the time of the Quit India movement suggests that partition might have been avoided if the Congress had not been driven by the belief that there were only two forces in India at the time — the British and the Congress — and that there were no third parties such as the Muslim League. Besides, Jawaharlal Nehru had dismissed communalism as a “side issue”.
Yet, arguably, much of the country's ills stem from the partition. Domestically, the Hindu-Muslim problem hasn't been solved. And, externally, India has acquired an inveterate enemy in Pakistan, whose publicly declared aim is to bleed India with a thousand cuts.
India was fortunate in the 1930s and 1940s with having an array of leaders of stature like Gandhi, Nehru, Patel, Subhas Bose and Rajagopalachari on the side of the Congress, and Mohammed Ali Jinnah of the Muslim League on the other side along with Sir Sikander Hayat Khan of the Unionist Party and Fazlur Huq, formerly of the Krishak Praja Party, who moved the so-called Pakistan resolution in Lahore in 1940 — although Pakistan was not named in it. Even then, the country moved inexorably towards partition with the “mistakes” in the 1937 to 42 period playing a key role.
It is undeniable that ego clashes between Nehru and Jinnah came in the way of finding a meeting ground with the former delivering the death blow to the possibility of an agreement by virtually rejecting the British Cabinet Mission's plan for avoiding partition even after the Muslim League had accepted it.
What history tells us, therefore, is the need for treading with caution in dealing with India's complexity. Any attempt to project a party as the only hope for the country, as the Congress did 75 years ago, is fraught with fateful consequences.
The Congress did succeed in getting rid of the British though at the cost of the country's unity. But any attempt to evict the Congress from the country via a Congress-mukt Bharat agenda can make the party's opponents fall prey to the malady of hubris.
(Author is a New Delhi-based political analyst. The views expressed above are completely personal)
Beautiful puppies from CAARE Rescue, a registered not for profit organization in Winnipeg, joined Global News Morning on Monday. They are looking for a forever home.
Developing news: Crews have just put out a house fire in Harbor Springs.
Northern Michigan's News Leader has a crew on the scene.
The fire happened at a house on Hughston Road.
Details are limited right now, but we are working to see if anyone was hurt and what started the fire.
Stay with us on air and online for the latest updates.
Sanctuary status would endanger our campus for all
Posted by Brad Polumbo on February 15, 2017 · Leave a Comment
President Donald Trump ran his campaign with one of the most radical immigration platforms in recent history. He promised not only to build a wall along the southern border of the United States, but also to create a deportation force and remove all current undocumented immigrants from our country. While he has since muddied the waters on this second proposal and suggested there may be some exceptions, this originally called for the deportation of nearly 11 million people. With such an extreme stance on immigration, President Trump's election caused a sharp backlash from the University of Massachusetts community. Organizing under #SanctuaryCampus, UMass students broke out in protests in November. In fact, more than 600 students gathered at the Student Union in an effort to demand that UMass become a “sanctuary campus,” and not only defy but also actively resist federal immigration law. Petitions were circulated and hundreds of signed letters were delivered to Chancellor Kumble Subbaswamy.
In response, Chancellor Subbaswamy sent out an email to the entire UMass community outlining the campus administration's stance on immigration. He reiterated the fact that as it stands right now, the University takes steps to protect undocumented students. In fact, the UMass Police Department does not gather information about student's citizenship or status, the school does not share private information about its students unless compelled to by a court of law and they provide attorney services to students concerned about immigration issues. However, many students are unsatisfied with these steps and have pressed the University administration to take further action, declaring UMass a sanctuary campus. This pressure has resulted in a recent movement in the Student Government Association. Monday night, student senators will vote on whether to endorse a letter from the student group “Sanctuary Campus UMass” and call upon Chancellor Subbaswamy to make this official declaration. However, in the view of this writer, it would be an enormous mistake for the administration to take these steps.
On the campaign trail in September, President Trump promised to “block funding for sanctuary cities…no more funding” in a speech given in Phoenix, Arizona. Unlike many of his campaign promises, this appears to be a promise he's intent on fulfilling. On Jan. 25, the Trump administration drafted an executive order entitled “Enhancing Public Safety in the Interior of the United States.” Buried within this order, in Section 2-C, the executive policy is established that “jurisdictions that fail to comply with applicable Federal law do not receive Federal funds.” While the exact implications of this policy are unclear, it could spell disaster for UMass if the administration adopted such a sanctuary policy, which would fly defiantly in the face of existing federal law.
To be clear, a very small percentage of UMass students are undocumented. Of those undocumented students, presumably even fewer have the type of criminal records that would make them priorities for deportation under the recent, watered-down stance that President Trump has taken – wherein he has promised to focus on deporting criminal illegal aliens. If UMass was to take steps to defy federal law in an effort to protect such a small group of students, the potential of losing some or all federal funding could be absolutely disastrous for all members of the UMass community, regardless of their legal status. Enormous portions of our student body depend on federal Pell Grants, subsidized loans or Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants for students with “exceptional” financial need. Without these federally funded programs, many students would be driven even deeper into debt and some would be unable to continue pursuing their education altogether. With state funding increasing at modest rates at best, the University cannot endanger its community's prospects by threatening their federal funding. While the exact portion of the University's budget (beyond financial aid programs) that is funded by the federal government is not published, it is substantial. If the University were to lose a sizeable portion of its budget, it would result in harsh realities for our campus community. Whether it would result in cuts in staff and programming or in sharp rises in tuition and fees, the loss of federal funding, in a futile effort to shield an extraordinarily small subset of the student body from enforcement of the law, would be an enormous step backwards for the University that would adversely affect us all.
Bradley Polumbo is a Collegian columnist and can be reached at bpolumbo@umass.edu.
SINGAPORE: Three British men found guilty of sexually assaulting an intoxicated, unconscious woman at Carlton Hotel last September were on Tuesday (Aug 15) sentenced to up to six-and-a-half years' jail and 8 strokes of the cane.
Khong Tam Thanh, 22, was sentenced to six years' jail and eight strokes of the cane. He will start serving his sentence on Aug 22, giving him one week to spend with his family and young daughter, who flew in from the UK to see him.
Vu Thai Son, 24, was given six-and-a-half years' jail and eight strokes of the cane. Judicial Commissioner Hoo Sheau Peng said Vu is the most culpable of the trio, because he did not use a condom when he sexually assaulted the 22-year-old victim, exposing her to the risk of an unwanted pregnancy or an STD.
Since Vu has been in remand since Sep 12, 2016, his jail term will be backdated.
Michael Le, 24, was sentenced to five-and-a-half years' jail and five strokes of the cane. Le will start serving his jail term on Aug 18, giving him a few days to spend with his family and young nephew, who flew in from the UK to see him.
“They took advantage of (the victim's) vulnerable state … and violated (her),” Judge Hoo said. The men, British citizens of Vietnamese descent, had "no respect for her dignity and no regard for any … harm caused”, she added.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Judge Hoo also noted Khong and Vu had left the hotel room door ajar for the next person to enter, "facilitating further sexual assault" of the victim.
Both Khong's daughter and Le's nephew were in court on Tuesday, as were more than 10 family members.
Prosecutors had asked for seven years' jail and caning for Khong and Vu, and six years' jail and caning for Le.
The trio pleaded guilty to reduced charges of aggravated outrage of modesty and molest on Monday. They originally faced rape charges.
“This is a case with rather disturbing facts,” Judge Hoo said.
The trio knew the victim had “returned to the privacy of the hotel room to be with their friend Richard”. But when Richard left the room, leaving the intoxicated woman alone and asleep, his friends took turns to have their way with her.
Judge Hoo said the men's conduct was “reprehensible”, but acknowledged the trio's remorse. Their plea of guilt had “spared the victim the agony of testifying and being subject to cross-examination by three defence lawyers”, Judge Hoo said.
For aggravated outrage of modesty, the trio could have been jailed for between 2 to 10 years and caned. For molest, Khong and Vu could have been jailed for up to 2 years and fined and/or caned.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich (WOOD) As we head into the fall and winter, it's a good time to prepare your body and mind for the new season. Rachael got a chance to sit down with Michele Fife, the Wellness Expert on WOTV 4 Women, for some advice. Fall is a good time to get our immune systems in order and work to keep our bodies healthy free or aches and pains and even stress. Maybe you want to consider doing a cleanse or changing your diet. The winter months mean changes the types of foods we eat, we gravitate to foods that are heavier and warmer, like soups, breads and root vegetables.
Michele also caught us up on some changes to her yoga studio, OMG! Yoga in Rockford. The space they moved into in April was destroyed by the fire at the Corner Bar and they've had to relocate. Their new space is located at 251 Northland Drive, NE in Rockford. They're also working to bring massage therapists on board as well as health and wellness professionals.
Michele also has a trip coming up to India in early 2018 – click here to learn more.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
- Advertisement -
West Ham owner David Sullivan's claim his kids begged him not to sign Jose Fonte has been labelled as “ignorance” by the player.
Fonte initially struggled to impress since making his £8m move from Southampton in January, but his performances had improved before an injury in November ruled him out for up to three months.
Sullivan's comments came on the eve of West Ham's 1-0 victory over Chelsea, telling The Guardian he is not involved in the club's transfer strategy and that then manager Slaven Bilic had told him he wanted to sign Fonte along with Robert Snodgrass from Hull.
“My kids begged me not to sign them,” Sullivan said.
Asked for a response, Fonte told: “It's ignorance. I'm not going to say anything. It's not going to change who I am. It's not going to change what I do.
- Advertisement -
“I'm going to keep being the good professional that I am. I am going to keep working hard to try and help my team-mates and the manager. What has been said has no effect on me or who I am.”
David Moyes swerved commenting on whether or not he will be looking to keep Fonte at the club after taking over from Bilic, saying he had not spoken to the defender since Sullivan's interview was published.
Fonte insists his future at the club lies in other people's hands, but defended his credentials.
“That decision is not for me,” he added. “I am 33 years of age. I have 500 or 600 appearances. I know what I have done in football. I know how hard I have to work to be in this position.
“It makes no difference to me. I will still continue to be the same guy I have always been.”
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
The Minister of Communications, Dr Adebayo Shittu, says Nigeria requires internet access to achieve quality and inclusive education in the country.
The minister made the remark while declaring open the 2018 edition of ‘Nigeria Internet Governance Forum' held in Abuja, with the theme: ‘Internet: An Enabler for Good Governance.''
He emphasized the use of internet as a tool to drive education process, which he said is the only way to guarantee socio-economic advancement of the country in an inclusive manner.
He said: “The task of improving the lives of the vulnerable and the underprivileged is not for the government alone, it is for all stakeholders.
‘‘Many Nigerians lack access to internet, but I can assure you that the ministry remains committed to ensure that internet access is extended to all parts of the country.
“Many people don't have access to the internet but we know that when they get connected, they can achieve extraordinary things. The internet belongs to everyone.''
Shittu, who underscored the need for collaboration among stakeholders called for improved engagements between stakeholders in the sector. He also urged the public to facilitate the growth and adoption of internet as a tool for enhancing the quality of lives of Nigerians.
The minister reiterated government's resolve to seek a more insistent role in the governance of the internet and technology, said it would continue to push the boundaries of accepted normative standards, adding that the country cannot afford to lag behind the rest of the world.
“We need to look forward to the possibilities that the internet is yet to bring.
“The promise the internet held 26 years ago still holds true and we will continue to believe and advocate for the benefits it brings, the ability to inspire and its capacity to change people's lives.
“Nigeria represents dynamic change, new ideas, and the next generation of leaders. An internet that includes Nigeria means an internet that exists for the good of all people. One that is shaped by diversity, inclusion, and equal voices,'' he added.
He, however, expressed concern over unlawful use of the internet to perpetrate crime in the society.
According to the minister, bad actors will continue to attempt to hijack the very nature of the internet to cause harm where it was designed to help.
“However, we have the moral responsibility to protect our culture, youths and other vulnerable groups on the Internet.
“We take the issue of child safety online to be very important and will continue to do all that is necessary to ensure that our youths are engaged in the right direction,'' he said.
In his presentation, the Vice Chancellor of Nasarawa State University, Keffi, Prof Muhammad Mainnima, said Information Communication Technology (ICT) has significant role to play in the elections.
“While we agree that internet can promote good governance, it is important to think of how to make Nigeria cyberspace safe and secured.
“Therefore, it is my sincere hope that this year conference will add value positively to the narratives of good governance powered by the internet.
Earlier, in her welcome address, Chair, NIGF Multi-Stakeholders Advisory Group, Mrs. Mary Uduma, said NIGF was the local initiative of the United Nations (UN) Internet Governance agreed on by the whole world in 2005.
According to Uduma, NGIF is a stakeholders platform that discuss public policy issues pertaining to internet, such as internet security, good governance.
“We have brought internet experts to dissect this along the line of global discussion in areas of access inclusiveness and diversity, cybersecurity and trust.
United Nations, United States (AFP) April 17, 2017 - North Korea is preparing for "any mode of war" triggered by US military action, Pyongyang's envoy to the United Nations warned Monday, saying his country would respond to a missile or nuclear strike "in kind."
The statement from North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Nations, Kim In Ryong, followed warnings from US Vice President Mike Pence to Pyongyang not to test US resolve.
"If the United States dares opt for a military action (...) the DPRK is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the Americans," Kim told a news conference at UN headquarters in New York.
"We will take the toughest counteraction against the provocateurs," he said.
North Korea has taken "self-defensive" measures in response to US threats of military action and these reflect Pyongyang's determination to "counter nukes and ICBM in kind," Kim said, referring to intercontinental ballistic missiles.
Pence earlier told a news conference in South Korea that "the era of strategic patience is over" after North Korea on Sunday test-fired another missile and fears mounted that it may be preparing a sixth nuclear test.
Pyongyang is seeking to develop a long-range missile capable of hitting the US mainland with a nuclear warhead, and has so far staged five nuclear tests, two of them last year.
Kim also confirmed that a new nuclear test was under preparation, saying that the plans had been announced and that "it will take place."
"As far as nuclear test is concerned, it was already announced to the public. It is something that our headquarters decided. At a time and at the place where our headquarters deem necessary, it will take place," he said.
- 'Got to behave' -
US President Donald Trump's decision at the weekend to send the Carl Vinson carrier-led navy strike group to the Korean peninsula shows that the "US reckless moves for invading the DPRK have reached a serious phase," said Kim.
The North Korean deputy envoy asserted that Pyongyang would hold the United States "wholly accountable for the catastrophic consequences to be entailed by its outrageous actions."
The envoy criticized the US missile strikes that hit an air base in Syria last week, saying Washington was resorting to a "gangster-like logic" that its military action was proportionate and could apply to the Korean peninsula as well.
Trump on Monday said his message to North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un was: "Got to behave."
UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric separately expressed concern over rising tensions on the Korean peninsula and said the latest missile test was "troubling".
He urged North Korea to "take all the steps necessary to de-escalate the situation and return to dialogue on denuclearization."
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will next week chair a special meeting of the UN Security Council on North Korea.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Haggerty Roberts
KINGSTON — Two long-time fixtures of Kingston politics are running for the other's seat.
Kingston Mayor Jim Haggerty is running for the magisterial district judge seat in the West Side. Former magisterial district judge Paul Roberts will run for mayor.
When people appear before a magisterial district judge, it's often the most important court case in their lives, Haggerty said. The Kingston attorney recalled two recent cases that came before magisterial district judges. In one, a judge explained to an ex-girlfriend and ex-boyfriend fighting over a vehicle what was possible through the courts and encouraged an amicable solution. In another dispute between a landlord and a tenant, a judge explained to a high-school student and his mother what social services could help his family.
Even though magisterial district judge offices have signs explaining that the magistrate can't give legal advice, it doesn't mean they can't try to help people, he said.
“Magistrates that hide in the back, in my view they're not doing most effective job they can,” he said.
At least one other candidate for Roberts's seat has already come forward: Luzerne County prosecutor Mamie Phillips has created a Facebook page for her campaign for district judge and plans to make an official campaign announcement next month.
As for Roberts, he said he had been considering running for mayor for several months.
“I had this in the back of my mind when left district judge job. Once I retired, then I decided I was going do it,” he said.
He served as the judge for Magisterial District Court 11-1-05 until retiring Jan. 1. Now, he's hoping to become the mayor of the town where he grew up.
bwellock@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2051, @CVBillW
WASHINGTON: The US Senate version of the tax overhaul plan would pay for itself over 10 years, boosting growth and generating US$1.8 trillion in additional revenues, the Treasury Department said Monday.
The Republican plan is expected to generate GDP growth of about 2.9 per cent over the next decade, 0.7 percentage points higher than the current forecast, which will bring in more revenue to the government's coffers and offset the deficit increase caused by lower taxes, according to a Treasury analysis.
Republicans in the House and Senate are working to come up with a final unified version of the reform that President Donald Trump can sign before the end of the year. Both versions call for slashing taxes for corporations and business partnerships while eliminating many deductions for individuals.
"The Administration has been focused on tax reform and broader economic policies to stimulate growth, which will generate significant long-term revenue for the government," US Treasury Secretary Steven T. Mnuchin said in a statement.
Many economists doubt large tax cuts can pay for themselves, especially in an economy with not much more room to grow. Other estimates have forecast significantly smaller increases in economic growth as a result of the tax overhaul.
The non-partisan Joint Committee on Taxation estimates the Senate plan could add as much as a US$1 trillion to the deficit by 2027.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But according to the Treasury's analysis, the increased revenues from higher growth should exceed those lost to tax cuts by about US$300 billion.
"These increased receipts are primarily collected in the last five years," the Treasury said in a statement. "We acknowledge that some economists predict different growth rates," it added.
FREETOWN: At least 312 people were killed and more than 2,000 left homeless on Monday (Aug 14) when heavy flooding hit Sierra Leone's capital of Freetown, leaving morgues overflowing and residents desperately searching for loved ones.
An AFP journalist at the scene saw bodies being carried away and houses submerged in two areas of the city, where roads turned into churning rivers of mud and corpses were washed up on the streets.
Red Cross spokesman Patrick Massaquoi told AFP the death toll was 312 but could rise further as his team continued to survey disaster areas in Freetown and tally the number of dead.
Mohamed Sinneh, a morgue technician at Freetown's Connaught Hospital, said 180 bodies had been received so far at his facility alone, many of them children, leaving no space to lay what he described as the "overwhelming number of dead".
Many more bodies were taken to private morgues, Sinneh said.
Images obtained by AFP showed a ferocious churning of dark orange mud coursing down a steep street in the capital, while videos posted by local residents showed people waist and chest deep in water trying to traverse the road.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Fatmata Sesay, who lives on the hilltop area of Juba, said she, her three children and husband were awoken at 4.30am by rain beating down on the mud house they occupy, which was by then submerged by water.
She managed to escape by climbing onto the roof. "We have lost everything and we do not have a place to sleep," she told AFP.
PILES OF CORPSES
Local media reports said a section of a hill in the Regent area of the city had partially collapsed, exacerbating the disaster.
Other images showed battered corpses piled on top of each other, as residents struggled to cope with the destruction.
Meanwhile disaster management official Candy Rogers said that "over 2,000 people are homeless," hinting at the huge humanitarian effort that will be required to deal with the fallout of the flooding in one of Africa's poorest nations.
Freetown, an overcrowded coastal city of 1.2 million, is hit each year by flooding during several months of rain that destroys makeshift settlements and raises the risk of waterborne diseases such as cholera.
Flooding in the capital in 2015 killed 10 people and left thousands homeless.
Sierra Leone was one of the west African nations hit by an outbreak of the Ebola virus in 2014 that left more than 4,000 people dead in the country, and it has struggled to revive its economy since the crisis.
About 60 per cent of people in Sierra Leone live below the national poverty line, according to the United Nations Development Programme.
Throwing excrement over officers to pay off debts has become a 'common currency' in prison, a judge has said, after it was revealed that almost half of attacks on staff at a Doncaster prison involved the use of human waste.
That was the conclusion reached by Judge Jeremy Richardson QC, after two cases were brought before him on Wednesday, May 30, in which two inmates admitted to throwing feaces over prison officers in order to pay off debts they had accrued while serving time at HMP Lindholme and HMP Moorland.
Sheffield Crown Court was told how in the incident involving HMP Lindholme prisoner, Simon Finlay, 37, he smeared faeces across the face of an officer on October 31 last year.
Prosecutor, David Wain, said that far from it being an isolated incident, of the 70 attacks on prison officers carried out at HMP Lindholme over the last four months, 30 of them had involved the use of urine and or faeces - the prison term for which is 'potting'.
In a victim impact statement read out in court, Finlay's victim explained how she had only started work at the prison a few months prior to the incident, which she described as having a 'considerable impact' on her.
"It has changed me forever," said the woman, adding: "I had to be on medication for three months, I was tested for Hepatitis B and am I awaiting the results of a HIV test."
Finlay, of HMP Lindholme, pleaded guilty to administering a noxious substance at an earlier hearing.
Defending, David Eager, told the court that Finlay, who was in prison serving a sentence for burglary and assault, carried out the offence in order to pay off a prison debt.
Adam Birkby, defending prisoner, Adam Blackburn, 32, told the court that he too had only thrown a bucket of urine and faeces over a prison guard at HMP Moorland on July 18 last year in order to pay off a debt.
Mr Birkby said: "He became addicted to the drug Spice while in prison. He became in debt, and was told to either do their bidding and throw the bucket over the prison officer or get stabbed. They put a blade to his throat."
Blackburn's victim spoke of the effect the potting attack had on him, through a victim impact statement read out in court.
He said: "I am a prison officer and during the course of my job there is always the threat of a bonk on the head.
"The assault is above anything that can be deemed as reasonable."
Blackburn, who was in the middle of serving a sentence for burglary when he committed the offence, admitted to administering a noxious substance at an earlier hearing.
Judge Richardson QC adjourned both sentencing hearings until Monday, June 4, in order to be able to sentence both men together for the two separate incidents.
He said: "This vile practice seems to be becoming a common currency at prisons and something needs to be done about it. Prison officers must receive the protection of the courts."
Judge Richardson said this was the fifth such case that had been brought before him since he started sitting at Sheffield Crown Court a few weeks ago.
Romelu Lukaku can attack his first Manchester United season under no pressure after scoring two goals on his Premier League debut against West Ham United, according to manager Jose Mourinho.Lukaku, a £75 million ($97.6 million, 82.5 million euros) capture from Everton, netted United's first two goals as Mourinho's men cantered to a 4-0 home win in their opening fixture on Sunday.Having scored in United's UEFA Super Cup loss to Real Madrid, he has three goals in his first two official games for the club and Mourinho said it would expedite his adaptation to life at Old Trafford."He scored in the Super Cup, he scored today. He's playing well, he's working hard. He likes the team, the team likes him," Mourinho said."For any striker, they can play phenomenally well, but if they don't score goals, the pressure is on them."So good for him, good for (Everton's) Wayne Rooney, for (Arsenal's Alexandre) Lacazette, for (Chelsea's Alvaro) Morata, for all the guys arriving in new clubs and scoring goals on the first day."It's always oxygen, happiness and confidence for them. Romelu knows me well. He knows that sometimes strikers can play very well for the team without scoring goals."He knows that from me, no pressure at all. But today was good. Very effective, with the first goal especially."Lukaku, 24, finished crisply off the post from Marcus Rashford's pass in the 33rd minute and climbed to head in a Henrikh Mkhitaryan free-kick early in the second period.Late strikes by substitute Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba gave United their biggest opening-weekend win since a 5-1 rout of Fulham in 2006 and sent them to the top of the fledgling standings on goal difference.Mourinho, however, was eager to point out that despite a 3-1 win at Bournemouth in their opening fixture a year ago, United had finished the season in sixth place."Last season we were also top of the league in the first match and we finished sixth, so this means nothing," said the Portuguese, whose side visit Swansea City on Saturday."I want to make it clear. This just means we played well and with confidence levels really high and now our challenge is to keep these confidence levels."The fans have reasons to be optimistic, because we also are optimistic. But for me, (with) years and years of experience, and experience in the Premier League, my feet are on the ground and I'm calm."While Nemanja Matic also excelled on his home debut, there was no place in the squad for United's third new signing, Swedish defender Victor Lindelof, but Mourinho said he would be eased into action gradually."I think Victor needs a little bit of time," the United manager said. "He's going to have that time."West Ham had four debutants on show in Joe Hart, Pablo Zabaleta, Marko Arnautovic and Javier Hernandez, but despite procuring a couple of sights of goal, they never looked like causing their hosts problems.With London Stadium off-limits due to the World Athletics Championships, the east London club face two further away trips before their first home game against Huddersfield Town on September 11.But manager Slaven Bilic played down the inconvenience and expressed confidence that his team would be able to flush their opening-weekend thrashing out of their systems."It is difficult, but it's not that difficult," he said of West Ham's run of away games."We're not going to forget about this game and say, 'It just happened.' We have to analyse this game."But we can't lose confidence just because of one game and especially a game against Man United."Bilic will have Michail Antonio back from injury for Saturday's trip to Southampton and hopes to have Cheikhou Kouyate, Manuel Lanzini and Andy Carroll at his disposal for the game at Newcastle United on August 26.
The Canadian Press
Relatives of murdered seniors, along with advocacy and health-care groups, are among four dozen applicants seeking to participate in a public inquiry sparked by a nurse who killed eight elderly long-term-care residents in Woodstock and London.
Commissioner Eileen Gillese will hear their requests for standing -- a status that gives them the right to call and question witnesses -- in St. Thomas, on Tuesday and Wednesday.
The Ontario government set up the Long-Term Care Homes Public Inquiry in August after Elizabeth Wettlaufer was convicted of eight counts of first degree-murder, four counts of attempted murder and two counts of aggravated assault. Wettlaufer had pleaded guilty in June and was sentenced to life in prison with no eligibility for parole for 25 years.
The 50-year-old injected her victims with insulin while they were in her care at three Ontario long-term care facilities and a private home between 2007 and 2016.
Alex Van Kralingen, a Toronto-based lawyer, who represents the "affected parties" group -- five relatives or close friends of Wettlaufer's victims -- said his clients are obviously looking for answers as to how Wettlaufer got away with what she did for so long. But there's much more, he said.
"Ultimately, the hope is that this is going to be a springboard into a conversation about how we treat long-term care in this province," Van Kralingen said in an interview Monday.
"It can be an opportunity to be transformational ... and could be the jump-start for political actors to start making changes to make sure that vulnerable seniors, who have given a lot to this country, are not placed in a situation where they should be scared about the quality of the care they get and the people who are taking care of them."
Some of the families, Van Kralingen said, also wonder about tightening access to potentially lethal drugs such as insulin that can be used to hide an intent to harm.
In addition to submitted written materials, applicants will have a few minutes to explain why they believe they should be allowed to participate -- either because they have a substantial and direct interest in the proceedings, or because they have information or insights that would help the inquiry.
They will also, if needed, have a chance to make a pitch to have the government fund their participation.
Despite having been fired twice during her career -- the first time in 1995 -- Wettlaufer managed to retain her licence as a registered nurse. Her crimes only came to light when she confessed to a mental-health professional last fall.
One professional group seeking standing is the College of Nurses of Ontario, which has come under criticism for allowing Wettlaufer to keep working. It's another key issue that needs thorough exploration, Van Kralingen said: "Should a regulator be involved and figure out the circumstances in which somebody was fired? Where's the regulator's role?"
Other applicants for standing are the Ontario Nurses Association and the Registered Nurses Association of Ontario -- groups critical of what they see as stingy government funding and staffing requirements in long-term-care facilities. Provincial Long-Term Care Minister Eric Hoskins has already introduced legislation aimed at tightening oversight of the sector.
According to court records, Wettlaufer was an addict who found coping with elderly patients difficult and caring for 32 residents overnight at Caressant Care in Woodstock, Ont., overwhelming. She confessed to police that she would feel a "red surge" that made her think God was directing her murderous actions.
Caressant Care, where most of Wettlaufer's killings occurred, and Meadow Park in London, Ont., where one of the deaths took place, are seeking to participate in the inquiry, as are activist groups such as the Advocacy Centre for the Elderly.
The inquiry's mandate calls on Gillese -- a justice of the Ontario Court of Appeal -- to delve into the events that led to Wettlaufer's crimes, along with the circumstances and contributing factors that allowed the crimes to occur. Those include looking at policies, procedures, practices, accountability and oversight mechanisms.
Gillese is expected to announce her decision on standing in mid-January and begin hearing from witnesses in June. She is slated to issue her report on her findings and recommendations aimed at avoiding a recurrence on July 31, 2019.
Albion boss Chris Hughton felt tonight's 1-1 draw with Ipswich was two points dropped as his side missed the chance to return to the top of the Championship.
Ipswich went ahead through Luke Chambers early on but Tomer Hemed levelled from the penalty spot on 29 minutes.
Anthony Knockaert on the run. Picture by Phil Westlake (PW Sporting Photography)
Both sides had chances in the second half, with Albion's best opportunities falling to Sam Baldock, who was denied by Bartosz Białkowski, and Glenn Murray, who hit a post in injury-time.
Brighton would have gone back to the top with a win as leaders Newcastle drew 2-2 at Norwich and Hughton said: "At this moment it feels like two points dropped because we were playing at home and it was a real good opportunity.
"On the balance of play, it's a game we should have won. I'm quite sure that with the possession stats in the final third, we would have had more opportunities than them.
"But you've got to be carefiul to take everything into perspective. We've got a very good record at home and it didn't happen for us today.
"On other days, we'd have got the winner in the last ten to 15 minutes as we had good chances.
"We mustn't go away from the fact that we're in a very good position in the league and deserve to be there."
Reflecting on the match, Hughton said: "It was a strange game and a frustrating one, we certainly didn't play at the level we know we can.
"It was frustrating to concede when we did, it gives a good Ipswich side a massive lift at that stage of the game. Certainly by the time we got the equaliser we deserved it on the balance of play but our levels weren't as good as what they've been.
"In the second half it became a very open game and at 1-1, I thought we were more in the ascendancy and if there was a team more likely to score, I think it was us. Glenn and Sam probably had our clearest chances and they had one very good chance at the start of the second half."
Ipswich boss Mick McCarthy said: "I'm immensely proud but it wasn't back to the walls, resolute, defend and nick a point. I think their keeper kept them in the game to be quite honest.
"They're a good side, they passed it, they moved it and we've had to defend but we've had some chances.
"They hit the post late on and it would have been a criminal injustice if that had gone in after the way we played."
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1 Make this website your homepage
2 Like our Facebook page at facebook.com/pages/Sport-Sussex
3 Follows us on Twitter @SportSussex
4 Register with us by clicking on 'sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
A source told PEOPLE that on June 24, the exes were at a barbecue with friends and got into a “verbal fight.” On the drive home, “the fight escalated” and Harley “was pummeling his face,” said the source.
“He was screaming for her to stop the car as she was driving,” the source said. “She hit the median and got a flat tire which caused her to slow down. He begged to get out and opened the door but she continued to pull away while he was getting out and it tore up his entire arm. It's a mess from road rash and from being dragged along the street as he was caught in the belt.”
A spokesperson for the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department confirmed to PEOPLE that a suspicious vehicle call came in at about 10:22 p.m. A patrol unit was dispatched to the intersection and determined that a male and a female were in a struggle over a vehicle. Callers reported that the male was bleeding and the car had two flat tires.
LVMPD/Splash News
Officers determined that Ortiz-Magro had gotten out of the vehicle and Harley had driven away as he was holding onto the vehicle, dragging him briefly, according to the spokesperson. She was determined to be the primary aggressor and arrested on one count of misdemeanor domestic battery.
Ortiz-Magro had apparent minor injuries to the mouth and arm as well as road rash. He was not transported to the hospital.
Harley, 31, was charged with domestic battery. She was released from the Clark County Detention Center the following day after posting the $3,000 bail.
According to the spokesperson, “the child was picked up by a family friend before officers arrived on the scene.”
Ortiz-Magro was not filming Jersey Shore Family Vacation when the incident occurred and MTV had no comment when reached by PEOPLE. A rep for Ortiz-Magro also had no comment; Harley was unable to be reached.
PEOPLE's source said Ortiz-Magro had been “trying his best” to make things work with Harley for the sake of their daughter. “If the kid wasn't involved, it would be over,” the source said. “He's constantly trying to make it work for the sake of his daughter. But we're hopeful this is the final straw and he doesn't put himself and his daughter back in danger.”
Season 2 of Jersey Shore Family Vacation premieres in August on MTV.
By TOM ELIAS| If you're voting June 5 in a neighborhood garage or the clubhouse of a park or a school auditorium, you may want to remember the experience well. It might not be repeated often after this primary election and November's general election.
Already, Californians in five counties (Madera, Napa, Nevada, Sacramento and San Mateo) are pioneering the new experience that will almost certainly come to voters in most other counties two years from now.
The new election system features “vote centers” rather than precincts and a big expansion of mail balloting.
ADVERTISEMENT
The aim is to expand turnout by making things far easier for voters. It's the complete opposite of the vote-suppression efforts Republicans push in many other states where mail balloting has been made more difficult and identification is often required before voters so much as touch a ballot.
After low turnout disappointed California officials in 2014 (25 percent of registered voters) and in the off-year elections of 2013 and 2015, they began casting about for changes. The new system will deliver mail-in ballots to every registered voter about 28 days before each actual Election Day, aiming to end any need for voting in a single place on just one day.
Each county will also have several large vote centers, where anyone registered to vote in that county can cast a ballot regardless of home address. Computers will ensure each voter at the centers gets exactly the same local ballot he or she would have seen in the former polling places. It will also be possible to turn in mail ballots at vote centers, just as it's possible now in most counties to turn them in at precinct polling places.
The same safeguards as ever will be taken to ensure that voters don't cast multiple ballots. Each mail-in vote will have the signature on its envelope checked against registration forms. Every voter will have to provide a valid address to get a ballot in vote centers just like in the old polling places.
And yet, losing candidates and those who expect to lose will surely find fodder in this new system for crying “rigged election.” Just as before, there is nothing to prevent voters or groups they're affiliated with from holding ballot-marking parties where they might receive instructions or guidance in how to vote. But they'd presumably be at such gatherings under their own volition.
The hope behind the new system is that putting ballots in the hands of every registered voter will up the turnout substantially.
“We've got to…implement a new voting method,” Democratic state Senators Ben Allen of Santa Monica said while sponsoring the new system in the Legislature last year. “Our current system has failed, as our voter turnout rates continued to decline toward record lows.”
If that meant the tradition of the secret ballot had to go, then the legislators who passed it and the men who signed it and are putting it into action (Gov. Jerry Brown and Secretary of State Alex Padilla) essentially said “so be it.” Of course, the secret ballot went the way of the dodo bird long ago when mail ballots became available to anyone who asked for them, starting in the late 1970s.
Since then, ballot-marking parties have been commonplace, but they've never led to charges of fraud or coerced voting for particular candidates or propositions. Still, such outcries may arise now.
The guinea pig voters in the five counties using the system this time will determine whether it leads to the greater flexibility and higher turnouts expected by the folks who pushed for change.
But only time will tell whether all this actually spurs more people to vote. For sure, no one knows whether the almost inevitable charges of fraud and vote-fixing will have any merit. Also for sure, participation had gotten so low in recent years that a small minority of eligible voters often has made key decisions for everyone else.
And whatever happens, bet on computers, tablets and smartphones as the next frontier in this brave new world of voting.
On Wednesday 13-year-old Benje Choucroun made a special appearance at a White House press briefing for his role as a writer for Time for Kids magazine. And as any good reporter would do, Choucroun came prepared with a few questions, one of which left White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders nearly in tears.
During the briefing, Sanders smiled, pointed to the back and called on Choucroun to ask his question. The middle schooler, who currently attends Marin Country Day School in California, proudly stood up and explained, "At my school, we recently had a lockdown drill. One thing that affects mine and other student's mental health is the worry that we or our friends could get shot at school." He then asked, "Specifically, can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless strategies."
Sanders immediately jumped into an answer—as press secretaries tend to do—but this time her voice shook as she appeared to be holding back tears.
"I think that as a kid and certainly as a parent, there is nothing more terrifying than for a kid to go to school and not feel safe, so I'm sorry that you feel that way," Sanders replied. "This administration takes it seriously and the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week, again, an official meeting, to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids within our schools and to make them feel safe and to make their parents feel good about dropping them off."
Following the briefing, CNN's Dana Bash commented that “it looked like it was going to potentially be a light-hearted moment. And he had the toughest question in the room.” MSNBC's Hallie Jackson called it “an unusual moment from a very articulate young man.”
Since January there have been at least two dozen school shootings across the nation, which, according to CNN , equates to at least one school shooting per week so far. But in the wake of these tragedies, it appears to be the voices of children, not adults, that ring out the loudest. Following the February school shooting in Parkland, Flordia , students affected by the senseless violence have come together to push lawmakers to take action. And their efforts appear to be working.
According to the Sun Sentinal, , since the Parkland shooting that claimed the lives of 17 people, "14 states have changed their laws, while six major actions have been undertaken by cities and counties. Meanwhile, 10 companies tweaked their policies related to guns, and 19 businesses have cut ties with gun lobbying groups."
President Donald Trump is expected to visit the survivors of the latest school shooting in Santa Fe, Texas, on Thursday. That shooting, which took place on May 18 , claimed the lives of 10 people, including both students and teachers. However, on May 4, Trump walked back on his promise to the Parkland students that he will be tougher on the National Rifle Association. Instead, while speaking at an NRA conference, Trump enthusiastically told the crowd , “Your Second Amendment rights are under siege. But they will never, ever be under siege as long as I'm your President."
Related Content:
Parkland Students Show Support for Survivors of Maryland School Shooting on Twitter
Two Parkland Students Have a Message for People in Power: 'Do the Things We Can't'
Santa Fe High School Shooting Survivors Call for an End to Gun Violence 'Inaction'
Photo: Warren County Jail
They say money cannot buy you happiness, and apparently, it also can't buy you excitement, to hear one suburban mom tell it.
Melissa Bergman lived in a $475,000 home in Mason, Ohio with her husband and two children, the regular old American dream, but last summer Bergman went on a two-day stealing spree, taking up packages from outside of her neighbors' houses, hitting 12 homes in that time span.
“I feel like I had everything that any woman would ever want,” Bergman told WLWT before adding, “I felt like my life was going nowhere. I felt like I had nothing to look forward to in life.”
Bergman told the news station that last summer, before her crime spree, she attempted suicide, then a few days after being released from the hospital, she found a package on her doorstep that belonged to a neighbor.
“So I drove to the person's house and I said, ‘Hey, I got this package. It's not mine.' He had three other packages on his doorstep, so he took the package and he closed the door, and I'm like, ‘Oh he doesn't want these,' so I took one, and I put it in my car,” Bergman said. “That's when the urge started getting worse and worse and worse, and I couldn't control it.”
Advertisement
Bergman said from that initial rush, she found some excitement.
“It's not like I was selling it, not like I needed it,” she said. “Just the excitement of looking to see what was in that box and knowing, ya' know what, ‘Since he didn't want this item, this item can be donated to someone that actually really needs it,' and that was the thought that went through my head.”
I'm sure.
Bergman even took her kids along for the ride the following day.
“I had my children, and that's when we went all day and just took boxes,” Bergman said. “I pulled right into the driveway, walked right up to the door, didn't look for security cameras and just grabbed a box when I saw it.”
Advertisement
Bergman, who served in Afghanistan, said that PTSD could have been a trigger, adding that one psychologist thought that her past could have set her off.
“He's, like, ‘Melissa, you were doing so much at one time and then it just stopped. So you're doing this, gave you that excitement that you once had back in Afghanistan.' That's what I'm thinking is the correlation. You got excitement out of this just like you did in Afghanistan, but it was a different type of excitement,” Bergman said.
However, Bergman, who again is set to serve an easy 30 days in jail, says she doesn't want to make excuses but instead wants to apologize publicly.
Advertisement
“There are no words that I can ever say to describe how sorry I am for what I had done. It hurt tremendously, and I just want to go and give them a hug and say, ‘So sorry for hurting you,'” Bergman said, her voice cracking.
That being said, this is apparently not Bergman's first rodeo in this realm. In a separate case in November she was arrested for theft and misuse of credit cards, however, she was never convicted, and she was instead ordered to complete Warren County Veterans Intervention Program.
Oh, to be well off, white and relatively young, I guess.
NANTES, France: The French government on Wednesday called for calm after police in the western city of Nantes clashed overnight with protestors rioting over the death of a young driver who had tried to avoid a checkpoint and was shot by an officer.
The young man, in his early 20s, hit a policeman as he reversed his car away from the control point, prompting another officer to open fire, wounding him fatally, according to a police source.
Advertisement
Protestors burned cars and threw Molotov cocktails at police, and smashed shops and set fire to several buildings across Nantes. The riots ended in the early hours of Wednesday after police sent in reinforcements.
"I'm appealing for absolute calm, as the rule of law will be completely respected," France's Justice Minister Nicole Belloubet told RTL radio on Wednesday.
Police authorities were investigating the officer's actions and decision to use his firearm, the police source said.
(Reporting by Guillaume Frouin and Emmanuel Jarry; Writing by Sarah White; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
Advertisement
Google marked the 103rd birth anniversary of “Mallika-e-Ghazal” Begum Akhtar on Saturday by dedicating a special doodle to her.
Born as Akhtari Bai Faizabadi, the ghazal queen is seen in the doodle sitting gracefully with a sitar with a few admirers around her.
She was born in 1914 in Faizabad in what is now Uttar Pradesh.
Begum Akhtar's genre was, however, not ghazals alone, but also included splendid renderings of Hindustani classical music like Dadra and Thumri.
Akhtar was honoured for her immense contribution to Indian music with the Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan (posthumously). She was also given the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award.
Among the few early female singers, Akhtar is considered to have broken away from the concept of singing in ‘mehfils' or private gatherings and started performing at public concerts.
Akhtar breathed her last on October 30, 1974.
Lucknow: Setting a nation-wide outrage and political recrimination , six more children died due to encephalitis since Saturday at the BRD Medical College in Gorakhpur where the death toll of children has risen to 70 in recent days.
Many of these deaths were alleged to have been caused by shortage of oxygen, a claim dismissed by the government.
Even as the authorities grappled with the situation in the aftermath of the Gorakhpur tragedy which continued to unfold, additional director health Pushkar Anand today said these fresh deaths occurred between August 12 and 14.
“In the past three days — from August 12 to August 14 — six encephalitis patients, mostly children have died. In the same period, as many as 21 patients were admitted for treatment. At present nearly 75 encephalitis patients are undergoing treatment in the Baba Raghav Das Medical College Hospital,” he said.
In state capital Lucknow, UP Congress leaders including state party chief Raj Babbar staged a protest over the tragedy and many of them courted arrest. The Congress has been demanding the resignation of Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath and registration of a case of “murder” over the “massacre” of children.
BJP chief Amit Shah, who is in Bengaluru, rejected the demand for Adityanath's ouster, saying such incidents had also happened in states governed by the Congress.
Replying to a query, Shah said unlike the Congress, BJP “does not hold anybody guilty” without investigation, which was on.
Using a number of different betting outlets and sites across the internet, here are 10 of the most interesting bets Vegas has on the board for this year's game, in no particular order.
Whether you've created your own bets, or are relying on the oddsmakers out in Las Vegas, the Super Bowl has more betting interest, options and odds than any other sporting event on the calendar.
This coming Sunday in the 2018 Super Bowl, the Philadelphia Eagles will take on the New England Patriots at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis. And once again, thousands — if not millions — of people across the country will be making wagers on a wide variety of topics.
There's a big reason why the Super Bowl is almost always the most watched program on television. Last year's epic clash between the Atlanta Falcons and New England Patriots drew in a total audience of roughly 172 million viewers.
It's probably the most common bet out there. New England was a -6.5 favourite last week, but that number has since fallen thanks to a high volume of action on Philadelphia over the course of the last two weeks.
Patriots owner Robert Kraft is listed at -130, while Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie is listed at -110. The Patriots have played so many games in prime time this century, including seven Super Bowls. The team's success coupled with Kraft's standing in the ownership hierarchy makes him the favourite in this one.
3. Will players kneel for the national anthem?
There will be over 100 players on the sidelines between the two teams. “Yes” is the underdog at +250 with “no” being the favourite at -450. Since the early part of the season, the Patriots have virtually ignored the issue. So, if it's going to happen, it's going to be players on the Eagles'side, such as defensive back Malcolm Jenkins.
Read more:
Boning up on Puppy Bowl, TV's most adorable sporting event
This TV producer has one of the biggest jobs this Super Bowl Sunday — running the Puppy Bowl
Opinion | Bruce Arthur: Foles only hope for Pats haters on Super Sunday
4. How many times President Trump will tweet on the day of the game?
Over five pays out -140. Under five is even money. Five is a big number, and the commander-in-chief is usually a reactionary commentator when it comes to the NFL. Then again, if the Sunday talk shows are flooding televisions with #ReleaseTheMemo coverage, or players do take a knee during the anthem, there could be a Twitter explosion from Trump.
5. What song will Justin Timberlake sing first during the halftime performance?
Throw out the odds on this one, because it's a heavily guarded secret. Chatter around the interwed suggests “Can't Stop the Feeling!” (+350) is the favourite. “SexyBack” feels overhyped at +450 given its risque nature. “Filthy” (+250) feels like a dark horse since the song is the premier track on Timberlake's new album.
6. What colour Gatorade will be used for the coach shower?
This is the one bet that might be the most heavily scrutinized because of all the ways it's possible to execute some sort of inside job. For whatever reason, water/clear is the most predicted outcome at +200.
7. What colour will Pink's hair be when she sings the national anthem?
Sticking with the colour theme, this one is pretty tough to predict. White/Blonde is currently the favourite at 5-to-4.
8. Which number will be higher: the number of total points scored in the first quarter (2-to-3) or the temperature outside at kickoff in Minneapolis (11-to-10)?
As of Friday morning, the predicted outdoor temperature in Minneapolis at kickoff time is somewhere between 3 and 6 degrees, which obviously makes that the underdog. However, the Patriots are notorious for their slow starts in Super Bowls under Bill Belichick.
9. Over/under the number of times the Super Bowl XVIII “wardrobe malfunction” is mentioned during the broadcast?
The over/under is 1.5. The topic is unavoidable with Timberlake performing at the half. But NBC might not want discussion of the incident on its airwaves. It's also worth mentioning that this bet excludes banter about the issue during halftime.
10. Will Tom Brady's Jersey be stolen again?
The fact that this is even on the board (10-to-1) is a bit of a shock. After his jersey was stolen following last year's Super Bowl, there was actually a federal investigation.
A Kelowna mother and her son were splattered in falling feces as it covered their car and came through the sunroof
A Kelowna woman has conjunctivitis in both eyes, a hefty car detailing bill to pay and a lot of anger after being splattered with feces that fell from the sky.
Susan Allan was in the car with her son in the early afternoon of May 9. She was stopped at the street lights on Spall Road and Bernard Avenue when an unwelcome deluge covered her car and came through the open sunroof.
“We were parked at the lights when the ‘sky poop' starting falling,” said Allan. “It got all over my car, it got all over (me) and got on my son, inside my vehicle. It was definitely falling from the sky.”
When they looked up they saw the bottom of an airplane as it flew overhead.
“It was just very wet and smelled terrible. I can't really describe the feeling … it was almost like chunks of mud falling from the sky hitting you in the face,” said Allan.
“My son said that the sensation he got was a cold feeling as it hit his face, then the smell was overwhelming for him and he almost got sick as it was hitting his face.”
They got out of their car and a woman nearby pointed the plane out to them.
“I mean we were covered in it, our vehicle and their vehicle was also hit with the same poop,” said Allan.
That “sky poop” sent Allan to her doctor's office out of fear of infection or catching something worse. Her doctor's note shows that she was diagnosed with conjunctivitis in both eyes as a result of “…being inundated with sewerage from an overhead plane, while driving her car.”
Image: Contributed by Susan Allan
Transport Canada states that it takes all reports of possible debris coming from aircraft very seriously.
“Transport Canada is aware of the incident you describe and we are looking into it,” said spokesperson Daniel Savoie
“Each air operator is responsible for ensuring that their aircraft operate safely and in compliance with the Canadian Aviation Regulations. Section 602.23, ‘Dropping of Objects', states “No person shall create a hazard to persons or property on the surface by dropping an object from an aircraft in flight.” Any operator found to be in contravention of the Canadian Aviation Regulations will be subject to enforcement action under Transport Canada's mandate.”
As for Allan, she said she waited until this week to alert the media as she has hoped the airport would make it right, but after weeks of no reply she reached out to the media.
“I reported it to them hoping the airport would deal with me without having to go through the news to stop the embarrassment for both of us, but it didn't turn out that way so I had to go to the news.”
She claims she has been getting mixed messaging from authorities
“I was told that there were three planes that flew over that area at that time, then I was told that there was one plane that flew over that area at that time and now all of a sudden no plane flew over the area at that time,” said Allan. “I believe that the airport should take responsibility for what happened to me and my son, maybe clean out my car and compensate for the infection that I got in my eyes.
“I believe that they owe me an apology for both making me feel like I did something wrong by reporting it, and for it happening in the first place.”
The Kelowna International Airport has not yet replied to a request for comment.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@carmenweld
carmen.weld@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Related Coverage Gunman wounds GOP congressman, then killed by police
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB)- House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was listed in critical condition at MedStar Washington Hospital as of Wednesday afternoon.
The Republican congressman was among five injured Wednesday morning in Alexandria, Va. during a GOP baseball practice for an upcoming charity game.
According to investigators, 66-year-old James Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois opened fire on the crowd as they practiced; Hodgkinson was shot and killed by Capitol Police officers.
Authorities indicated Hodgkinson was becoming increasingly frustrated with the political climate in the United States.
Rep. Jeff Duncan, a Republican from South Carolina, told reporters that he had interacted with the gunman Wednesday morning right before the shooting.
“I did have an interaction with someone in the parking lot who asked me if the team practicing was a Democrat or Republican team,” Duncan told reporters. “I told him they were Republicans. He said, ‘K, thanks,' turned around. I got in the car and left, find out that my Republican colleagues were targeted by an active shooter today.”
Lawmakers from western New York took to social media immediately following the shooting. Rep. Louise Slaughter tweeted “Thinking of my colleague Steve Scalise & the others injured in this horrific shooting. Grateful for the work of Capitol Police.”
Rep. Tom Reed also took to social media, posting “My prayers are with @ SteveScalise, staff, and police involved in today's shooting. The police on the scene are truly heroes.”
Congressman Chris Collins was on his was to a breakfast meeting when he got the news.
“Fortunately Scalise, our Whip, does travel with a security detail as one of the three Republicans that have a security detail as part of our leadership team, so the Capitol Police were there not because they were asked per se but because they always travel with our Whip,” said the Clarence Republican.
“One of my colleagues who was at the practice today said there would have been a massacre had the two Capitol Police officers not been on the scene,” Democratic Congressman Brian Higgins told News 4 Wednesday afternoon.
“It's an injury inflicted on all of us. And we have an obligation to learn from it and to move forward. We remember and hope for the speedy recovery of our colleague Steve Scalise,” Higgins said.
Collins, who has a concealed carry permit, said he's considering carrying a pistol in public more often following the shooting. He also stated there needs to be more security for leaders in Washington, even when they're not on the Hill.
“I've just had to reconfigure my office in Lancaster to put in a secure lobby area with doors and a quote escape route out the back end,” he said.
“I'm moving my office in Geneseo, looking to move it into the government building. It's just so sad that in this day and age security becomes something you can't take for granted,” Collins told News 4.
Wednesday afternoon both Republican and Democratic House members gathered on the House floor to pray for Rep. Scalise and the other individuals injured.
News 4 also spoke to local party leaders, who hope highly partisan rhetoric in Washington calms down following the “senseless tragedy.”
“It's really a sad day in our country's history I think. Just like I think it was 6 years ago, the violence, the shooting of Gabrielle Giffords, this is the same circumstances,” said Erie County GOP Chair Nick Langworthy.
“The political discourse in our country is off the charts negative-wise. I'm hoping that those involved are all taken care of and rehabilitated quickly and get back to work and I'm hoping that we can have a more civil discourse while engaging in the process,” Jeremy Zellner, Erie County's Democratic Chair told News 4.
Kane, 24, overcame roughhouse tactics from the South Americans in the World Cup last night to slot home the opening penalty.
The Tottenham Hotspur striker then lashed the back of the net in the Three Lions' 4-3 win the last-16 penalty shootout, before Jordan Pickford ensured victory with a stunning save.
And leading the praise for the tournament's top goalscorer was fiancee Kate Goodland.
She wrote on Instagram, with a picture of her goal machine hubby: "Still buzzing, so, so, so, so, so proud of you Harry Kane.
Home | Direct | Dashboard | About us
Unless otherwise noted our website is using photographs from FreeDigitalPhotos.net and Wikipedia under their respective licenses
Copyright © 2015. All Rights Reserved.
Swansea caretaker Alan Curtis says he must address a "crisis of confidence" as prospective new manager Paul Clement prepares to take a watching brief at Crystal Palace.
Clement is expected to be at Selhurst Park on Tuesday night after talks to finalise his move from Bayern Munich, where he has worked as Carlo Ancelotti's assistant since June.
The 44-year-old has top-class coaching pedigree throughout Europe having worked alongside Ancelotti at Chelsea, Paris St Germain, Real Madrid and Bayern.
But his only experience of management was an ill-fated eight-month stint at Derby which ended in February 2016.
Clement is set to become the third manager in S wansea's troubled season, and he must try to save a side currently bottom of the league with 12 points from the halfway mark of 19 games.
Only one side in Premier League history - the West Brom team which Clement's brother Neil played for in the 2004-05 season - have survived from a worse position.
Swansea have lost four consecutive games and Curtis - who was in charge for Saturday's 3-0 home defeat to Bournemouth following the sacking of Bob Bradley - admits falling behind in games is hurting them.
"The first goal seems to be crucial at the moment," Curtis said.
"Confidence seems to drain from us when we go behind.
"I suppose the explanation for that is that we are bottom of the table, we are not winning games and we are conceding too many goals.
"It's a crisis of confidence when we concede a goal.
"I still think there should be enough in our squad to get better results, but confidence in sport, especially football, is such a fragile thing.
"But we just have to get on and prepare for the next game. That's all we can do."
At least Swansea can take heart from their astonishing 5-4 Liberty Stadium victory over Palace on November 26.
On that occasion Spain striker Fernando Llorente - who is doubtful for the trip to Selhurst Park - scored twice in injury time after Palace had fought back from 3-1 down to lead 4-3.
It was a cruel blow for Alan Pardew, who was subsequently sacked as Palace manager less than a month later.
Since then Pardew's successor Sam Allardyce has picked up one point from games at Watford and Arsenal, and the former England manager takes charge at Selhurst Park for the first time with Palace four points above Swansea.
"They've nipped in and got a very good manager there," Swansea defender Neil Taylor said.
"He's a specialist in being at this end of the league and pulling people through.
"I'm sure he will turn their fortunes around. But for ourselves it's the same old thing, we have to go there and get a result.
"It's another big game, but then I've been saying that for the past month."
DoD, University of Texas to collaborate on nuclear forensics
by Stephen Carlson
Washington (UPI) Aug 11, 2017
The Air Force Technical Applications Center is partnering with the University of Texas at Austin to conduct research into nuclear forensics, the Air Force announced on Wednesday.
The students, faculty and scientists will develop new methods to speed up analysis of the aftermath of a nuclear detonation. The program is funded with a grant from the Department of Homeland Security.
AFTAC is the Department of Defense organization tasked with nuclear analysis. The Ciambrone Radiochemistry Lab at Patrick Air Force Base in Florida run by AFTAC is used to identify nuclear debris for AFTAC's Nuclear Debris Collection and Analysis Program.
Samples are studied to determine origins of debris and help monitor compliance with nuclear test treaties.
AFTAC also runs a sensor network that would assist the FBI following any domestic nuclear explosion from terrorism or accident. It has over 3,600 sensors arrays world wide.
"Nuclear deterrence is critical to the overarching role this center plays in our national strategy," AFTAC's chief scientist Dr. Glenn Sjoden said in a press release.
"When we're able to introduce new minds to our unique 70-year history of monitoring nuclear activity across the globe, it allows us to stress the vital importance and necessity of deterring other nation-states or even non-state actors from waging war with nuclear weapons."
Monterrey, Mexico (AFP) Aug 2, 2017
Mexican authorities issued an alert Wednesday after thieves stole a piece of academic research equipment containing potentially dangerous radioactive material - at least the seventh such incident here since 2013. The thieves grabbed the nuclear densometer from the back of a truck in a shopping center parking lot in the northern city of Monterrey as the driver had a bite to eat at a fast foo ... read more
Related Links
A long-running question over what to do with the home of the late former prime minister Lee Kuan Yew at 38, Oxley Road has come into focus again after two of his children, Dr Lee Wei Ling and Mr Lee Hsien Yang, issued a statement on the matter yesterday. straitstimesSG 11:35:00 PM CEST
You almost certainly know him as the nasal voice on many of the Beach Boys' biggest hits, from “Surfin' Safari” to “Kokomo.”
You may also know him as one of the most hated men in rock 'n' roll history, notorious for suing Brian Wilson – the guy who wrote almost every Beach Boys hit that isn't “Kokomo” – and kicking all the other original members out of the group in 2012.
If you really know your stuff, you're aware of Mike's solo career, which started with 1981's dubious Looking Back With Love and continues with November's doubly dubious Unleash the Love, consisting of 13 new songs (including “Make Love Not War,” “Ram Raj,” and two John Stamos guest spots) and 12 re-recordings of Beach Boys classics like “Help Me Rhonda” and “Good Vibrations” -- a song we've all wished he'd take another crack at.
I mean, look at this:
While most will shake their fist at this face -- again, MIKE LOVE IS RE-RECORDING “GOOD VIBRATIONS” WITHOUT THE OTHER BEACH BOYS -- we'd rather light a candle than curse his dorkness. Here are some projects, complete with the sort of titular puns Love seemingly can't resist, that Mike might consider for his next solo voyage.
Love You Down: 12 Sexy Slow Jams From the Quiet Storm
Butta Love: 12 Even Sexier Slow Jams From the Quiet Storm
Make You Say Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike-Mike-Mike: 12 More Sexy, But Not Necessarily Sexier, Slow Jams From the Quiet Storm
Mike Love's "Smile!" Featuring “Cruisin' Essence,” “Do You Like Woodies?” and Other Lyrics That Make Some Damn Sense
Let Mike Love You: 12 Hot New Hits That Mike's Pretty Sure Are by Justin Bieber
Heaven Must Have Sent You, From Mike Love: 12 Classic Hits That Mike's Pretty Sure Were on Motown, Definitely by Black Guys, At the Very Least Al Jardine Was Always Saying the Beach Boys Should Cover Them, Though Not With Mike on Lead, That'd Be Crazy
Love In An Elevator: Mike Hums the Golden Age of Muzak
A Higher Love: Mike Re-Records Brian's Falsettos on "Pet Sounds" (feat. Mark McGrath on “God Only Knows”)
Love, Actually: Mike Reads Anonymous Comments He's Left on Stories About Brian Wilson
Mike Love Does It Good: A Tribute from the Undeniable Genius of the Beach Boys to the Undeniable Genius of the Beatles
Eno/Love: Music for "Cocktail" Sequels
When Love Cries: Mike Love Remembers Prince
Can You Feel Mike Love Tonight?: Mike Love Remembers Elton John [to be released upon Elton's death]
Mike Love Is the Seventh Wave: Mike Love Remembers Sting [to be released upon Sting's death]
Where Is Mike Love?: Mike Love First Learns About and Then Remembers will.i.am [to be released upon will.i.am's death]
0 Is too much protein dangerous? High-protein diets may increase heart failure risk by nearly 50
Researchers are warning against some high-protein diets, such as the trendy ketogenic and Atkins diets often used for weight loss that may inadvertently lead consumers to eat large amounts of protein.
According to a new study from Finland, which examined nearly 2,500 middle-aged men between the ages of 42 and 60 for about 22 years, such diets may increase risk of heart failure, a condition in which the heart is unable to pump enough blood for proper body functioning.
During the study, which was published Tuesday in the journal Circulation: Heart Failure, researchers found 334 diagnosed cases of heart failure, 70 percent of which involved patients that consumed protein from animal sources and 27.7 percent from plant sources.
A higher protein intake from most dietary sources was associated with a slightly higher risk of heart failure. Fish and eggs were the only proteins not associated with increased risk of heart failure.
By comparing the men who ate the most protein to those who consumed the least, the researchers assessed risk of heart failure by protein source.
Here's what they found:
33 percent higher risk for all protein sources
43 percent higher risk for animal protein
49 percent higher risk for dairy protein
17 percent higher for plant protein
“As many people seem to take the health benefits of high protein diets for granted, it is important to make clear the possible risks and benefits of these diets,” study author Dr. Jyrki Virtanen, of the University of Eastern Finland, said in a statement. “Earlier studies had linked diets high in protein especially from animal sources with increased risks of Type 2 diabetes and even death.”
But Virtanen and the rest of the team believes more research needs to be conducted to confirm the findings, which only found an association between a high-protein diet and heart failure, but did not conclude that a change in protein consumption would prevent heart failure.
While the ketogenic and Atkins diets aren't marketed as high-protein diets, those following the diets often end up eating high amounts of protein, according to Live Science.
In fact, one of the biggest mistakes people run into when trying the keto diet is consuming too much protein. But keto is actually meant to be a high-fat, moderate-protein and low-carb diet.
Atkins dieters deal with similar issues during the carb-restricting weight-loss plan.
“Patients come to me all the time asking if more protein will help them in weight loss,” Kathy McManus, of the Harvard University-affiliated Brigham and Women's Hospital, said in a Harvard blog post. “I tell them the verdict is still out. Some studies support it, some studies don't.”
How much protein should you consume?
There is no strict consensus in the medical community regarding how much protein is optimal for good health, though research is ongoing.
The recommended dietary allowance for protein - the number of nutrients needed to meet your basic nutritional requirements - is about 0.8 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight. Use this online protein calculator to determine your RDA for protein.
But researchers, along with the American Heart Association, recommend a diverse, well-balanced diet of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, poultry, fish, beans, non-tropical vegetable oils and nuts for good health. The AHA also urges the public to limit consumption of sweets, red meats and sugar-sweetened beverages.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
SEOUL/BEIJING: The travels and travails of China's veteran point man on North Korea underscore China's growing frustration in its efforts to broker a negotiated solution to rising tensions between North Korea and the United States.
Wu Dawei, 70, spent an unusually long five days in Seoul last week. He met with presidential candidates as well as South Korea's chief nuclear envoy, partly in a bid to ease tensions as a U.S. aircraft carrier group headed towards the region ahead of U.S. Vice President Mike's Pence's visit this week.
But Wu had not been able to confirm plans to visit North Korea, South Korea's Yonhap news agency quoted a diplomatic source as saying: “I understand the Chinese side is asking but the North is not replying.”
Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Monday he had no information to share about any such visit, adding that “China and the DPRK maintain the tradition of friendly exchanges”.
The last time Wu visited Pyongyang, in early February last year, his job was to urge restraint after North Korea announced a plan to put a satellite into orbit with a long-range rocket. Two days after his return to Beijing, North Korea launched the rocket, widely viewed as a ballistic missile test in disguise, further ratcheting up tensions on the Korean peninsula.
China has shown growing willingness to supplement diplomacy with enforcement of United Nations Security Council sanctions against its unpredictable neighbour across the Yellow Sea. It banned all coal imports from North Korea from Feb. 26 as it grows increasingly impatient with North Korea's development of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles, including a failed missile test-launch on Sunday morning.
Officially, however, China supports dialogue above all, leaving Wu the thankless job of trying to coax North Korea and its neighbours and rivals back to the negotiating table.
MORE DISTANT TIES
U.S. President Trump has asked China's President Xi Jinping to take stronger measures to stop North Korea's programmes to develop nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles. North Korea relies heavily on China for food and fuel and the vast majority of its exports go through China.
Xi, however, has yet to meet North Korea's young leader Kim Jong-un since the Chinese president took power in 2012 and ties between the two countries have become more distant since Pyongyang began accelerating its missile and nuclear programmes since Kim became leader at the end of 2011.
For over a decade, Wu led Beijing's mostly fruitless efforts to denuclearise the Korean peninsula under so-called Six Party talks between China, the United States, North and South Korea, Japan and Russia. They've been suspended since the last round collapsed in 2008 following a failed rocket launch in North Korea.
Wu is a career diplomat and Japan expert who, according to South Korean officials, speaks little Korean and no English.
Wu has earned a number of friends in South Korea and a reputation as a "credible" diplomat over the years, according to one Asian diplomat who declined to be named because he was not authorised to speak to the media.
The highlight of the Six Party era came shortly after Wu took up his position, when the sides reached an agreement for phased denuclearisation of the peninsula in September 2005.
That deal was soon scuppered, however, when North Korea carried out its first nuclear test in October 2006 then pulled out of the discussions in 2009. Since then, China has been most vocal in calling for their resumption.
'DUAL SUSPENSION'
In a rare interview with Hong Kong's Pheonix Television that aired on Friday, Wu conveyed China's position that Washington and Pyongyang should agree to a "dual suspension" of nuclear tests and military drills as a foundation for returning to talks - a stance opposed by both the United States and its ally South Korea.
Wu did not mention sanctions during the interview, reiterating China's commitment to a peaceful resolution through dialogue, the same stance Chinese President Xi Jinping expressed to U.S. President Donald Trump in a phone call last week.
"If the DPRK and U.S.-Republic of Korea's tit-for-tat posturing and mutual displays of strength fail to fundamentally change, then sooner or later something will go wrong on the Korean Peninsula," Wu told Phoenix, referring to North and South Korea by their official names.
The South Korean official said that while Wu was sometimes "abrasive" during the early rounds of Six Party talks, "he was just the person we needed at the time to keep the talks alive."
"At times (he would) argue with envoys to keep them on track, at times cajole them, or warn about the fallout if the talks break down and we walk away empty-handed, leaving the North to continue on.”
“He would do that all the while chain-smoking," the official added.
Former South Korea nuclear envoy Chun Yung-woo, who later served as vice foreign minister, gave a less flattering assessment, calling Wu China's “most incompetent official”, citing his lack of English and stalwart adherence to China's party line, according to a 2010 U.S. diplomatic cable released by Wikileaks.
Chun could not be reached for comment.
(Additional reporting by Heekyong Yang in SEOUL; Editing by Tony Munroe and Bill Tarrant)
The Management of the Nigeria Ports Authority (NPA), Lagos says henceforth, agents are no longer allowed to return empty containers to the nation's seaports after being cleared.
The Traffic Manager, Lagos Ports Complex, Mr Victor Oginni, said this while speaking with newsmen at the end of a tour of access roads to the ports on Tuesday.
According to him, the empty containers are henceforth to be delivered directly to shipping companies holding bay.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the clearing agents had been directed to return empty containers to shipping companies holding bay located outside the seaports.
The directive was to enable the management of NPA and other stakeholders effectively manage the traffic situation around Apapa area of Lagos.
“With this directive, shipping companies are expected to have holding bays where their empty containers could be kept while waiting to be taken into the terminals.''
Oginni explained that it was now the responsibility of shipping companies to return their empty containers to the ports.
According to him, this will eliminate the gridlock being witnessed in Apapa presently.
“Many of the shippers have no holding bays outside the seaports and they may have to make use of rented holding bays to put their containers.
“With this directive, shipping companies must keep their empty containers in their holding bays outside the port location, pending the time for vessel loading.
“The era of free money for shipping companies is gone.
“Agents will no longer have to forfeit their money to shipping companies as they will return empties in due time. This is what shipping companies are avoiding,'' he said.
Silverstone can provide the antidote to Austria for Lewis Hamilton this weekend, with a record sixth British Grand Prix win -- and his fifth in a row -- there for the taking.The reigning Formula One world champion has been unbeatable in front of his home crowd in recent years and is firm favourite to continue that success and retake the overall lead from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel.Last Sunday's Austrian Grand Prix saw Hamilton's first retirement since 2016, ending a record run of 33 successive scoring finishes, and left him a point behind his German rival after a race won by Red Bull's Max Verstappen.Silverstone should come back to Mercedes' strengths.The team have gone through what went wrong in Spielberg, where tactical errors were made and Valtteri Bottas also retired due to mechanical failure, and intend to hit back hard."When you get knocked down to the ground, you can either stay on the floor or get back up and fight even harder. I am ready to fight," Hamilton told his 6.6 million followers on Instagram.The four-times world champion can always count on massive support at Silverstone and that energy has inspired some exceptional performances at a circuit that hosted the first world championship race back in 1950.The only Briton in a grand prix that comes a day after England play Sweden in a World Cup quarter-final in Russia, Hamilton will feel the love and is ready to reciprocate."I feel very proud to represent Britain, and to be at the top of the sport, and being the one raising the Union Jack, hopefully against a German one, is an honour and a privilege," he said recently.With Britain basking in a heatwave, high temperatures must also be factored in."I think they (Mercedes) will be very strong at Silverstone but... we see these tyres are pretty sensitive to heat and that could be a really interesting variable that's thrown into the mix," Red Bull boss Christian Horner said."Who expects 30 degrees at Silverstone? Silverstone is always extremes -- extremely cold, extremely windy or extremely wet. Could this year be extremely hot?"With much of the circuit full throttle, engine power becomes ever more crucial."As soon as you turn into a corner that scrubs speed off the car so if you've got the power to keep accelerating and pulling through that corner, there's obviously advantage to that," Horner added."I think that's where Mercedes will be very strong this weekend."Ferrari have not won in Britain since Fernando Alonso, now at McLaren, triumphed in 2011 and they struggled last year with the tyres.Vettel, who left Silverstone a point behind Hamilton, suffered a dramatic penultimate lap blowout, while teammate Kimi Raikkonen suffered high wear and had to pit for a fresh set in the closing laps."On paper, Silverstone looks quite difficult for us," Ferrari boss Maurizio Arrivabene told Sky Italia. "Aerodynamics are very important and it will be a difficult race for us, so we have to stay focused."
Our inaugural Livehacker event saw three expert speakers share their perspectives on the question “How should a man be?”
Multi-talented performer Donald Shorter, Jr. uses his/her experience as a dancer, performer, and drag queen to explain how mixing the masculine and feminine aspects of one's own personality can make us better men, women, or anything in between.
As Southern California enters its second week engulfed in flames, fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
A powerful flare-up on the western edge of the largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames ripped down hillsides toward coastal towns northwest of Los Angeles. New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria, seaside areas in Santa Barbara County.
“The winds are kind of squirrely right now,” said county fire spokesperson Mike Eliason. “Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in.”
Southern California's gusty Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
‘This is the new normal'
Gusts of up to 64 km/h are expected through Monday, according to the U.S. National Weather Service.
Containment increased Sunday on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the 699 square kilometre fire that started Dec. 4 in neighbouring Ventura County.
As of late Sunday, the Thomas Fire had destroyed 790 structures and damaged 191.
Firefighters use drip torches to set a backfire at night in an effort to make progress against the Thomas Fire before the winds return with the daylight near Lake Casitas on Saturday near Ojai, Calif. (David McNew/Getty Images)
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a years-‘long drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
“This is the new normal,” Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. The governor and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
Ellen DeGeneres' house at risk
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
“Our house is under threat of being burned,” Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. “We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters.”
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
1 confirmed death
In San Diego, which is 209 kilometres to the south, the Lilac Fire was 75 per cent contained. The flames erupted suddenly Thursday in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Downs training centre, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbred race horses, and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smoulder Sunday.
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: a 70-year-old woman, who crashed her car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighbourhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | World News
Two men charged with murder in the 2015 death of a 21-year-old Vallejo woman were back in court Friday, where ‘IT' issues continue to hold up the case that is set for a preliminary hearing in November.
If convicted, Richard E. Hill, 40, of Vallejo, and Isaiah D. McClain, 29, of Richmond, could face the death penalty. The two men are suspects in the Aug. 3, 2015, shooting in Vallejo that killed 21-year-old A'Tierra Westbrook.
According to police, Westbrook was the unintended target of a dispute between the co-defendants and other men. She was gunned down in her car around 7 a.m. near Benicia Road as she drove to work at Kaiser Permanente Richmond Medical Center, police said.
McClain is the alleged gunman, while Hill reportedly drove the two men. Upon arrival, officers located Westbrook's Toyota Camry crashed into a light pole near Sperry Avenue. She was pronounced dead at the scene.
McClain was arrested Sept. 5 in Vacaville following a traffic stop. Hill turned himself into authorities less than a month later. A substantial amount of evidence that has yet to be opened continues to hold up the case, with both men's defense councils set to file a motion to compel, court discussions revealed Friday. The evidence in question is several hours worth of wiretaps on blue ray disks. The motion to compel will be addressed Oct. 30.
Both men are ordered back in court Nov. 27 for a preliminary hearing. McClain and Hill remain jailed without bail.
Eduardo Perez reports on the atmosphere as Marlins spring training opens without Jose Fernandez, as well as the team's plans to honor Fernandez this season. (2:10)
KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. -- Don Mattingly has four sons. The youngest, Louis, is a toddler. The oldest, Taylor, is 31. And beyond that quartet, Mattingly is also helping raise two teenage stepsons with his second wife, Lori.
Mattingly has always treated fatherhood as a full-time job, even going so far as to cut short his career as captain of the New York Yankees in part to be around his boys during the trials of adolescence. It doesn't get any easier as they grow up.
As the manager of the Miami Marlins, Mattingly now has 63 men entrusted to his care this spring and, if they make the big league club, throughout the summer.
When they all gather together Friday for the first full-squad workout, he said, he'll deliver a message he has been waiting months to impart.
"You want them to realize we're not bulletproof," Mattingly said.
Don Mattingly's experiences as a manager, player and father might all have a role in helping him talk to his Marlins about a season without Jose Fernandez. AP Photo/David J. Phillip
The Marlins' grieving process isn't far along, but by the baseball calendar, it's also time to get back to work. Marlins pitchers and catchers went through their first workout of the spring Tuesday without their No. 1 starter and the face of their franchise.
They will keep Jose Fernandez close to their hearts this season. At home and on the road, his No. 16 will be stitched on the left breast of their uniforms. The team will leave his corner locker in the home clubhouse at Marlins Park empty as a reminder of the pitcher and the person they lost when Fernandez died Sept. 25 in a boating accident that also killed two other men.
"I don't want to ever forget Jose," Mattingly said. "He's going to be part of us. He's part of this group. The things you take from him are special things, that little kid in him. That's what our guys took out of that. He wasn't the perfect teammate. He'd get there late sometimes, and he had his little things like anybody else. He wasn't perfect, but the way he competed and that joy he had when he played, that's something that's going to stick with this ball club."
"We're going to play hard for him and try to win for him," outfielder Marcel Ozuna said.
As the Marlins' grieving continues, though, Fernandez's cautionary tale becomes a bigger part of the story, particularly because there has been a frightening rash of young baseball players killed in accidents, many of them involving drugs, alcohol or both.
Mattingly didn't want to divulge too many of the details before he has a chance to address his entire team, but he said a warning about the dangers of drinking and driving or boating will be part of his message.
Of course, one could argue that message has been delivered before, and these kinds of tragedies, some of which are preventable, continue to happen.
Editor's Picks MLB mourns, feels 'powerless' in face of continuing tragedy In just four months, accidents have taken the lives of Marlins ace Jose Fernandez, Royals ace Yordano Ventura and ex-MLBer Andy Marte. Where does the game go from here?
Victims' suits allege Fernandez negligent in crash Families of the two men killed with Jose Fernandez when his boat crashed into a Miami jetty are claiming that Fernandez's "negligence" was a "direct and proximate cause" of the death of both men.
Royals honor Ventura as spring training starts The Kansas City Royals wore black patches with the inscription "Ace 30" in white lettering in honor of 25-year-old pitcher Yordano Ventura, who died in a car crash. 2 Related
"The message would be: You can't make mistakes," St. Louis Cardinals general manager John Mozeliak said. "When you do, it could have life-or-death consequences. The organization talks about drunk driving and drug use all the time, and we have had people come in and talk about it. It's probably just a lot of noise [to some], but there's more to this noise than just noise. There's a message. You always hope that, even if just one person hears it, it's a positive."
Mozeliak and the Cardinals have their own recent experience to reflect on. Outfielder Oscar Taveras died along with his teenage girlfriend in a car crash in October of 2014 in his native Dominican Republic. Taveras was driving with a blood-alcohol content nearly five times the Dominican legal limit. Kansas City Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was killed in the same country last month in a car crash in the wee hours of the morning; his posthumous toxicology report is still pending.
Because the Marlins last came together, details of Fernandez's final hours have come to light. A toxicology report showed that Fernandez had cocaine and other substances in his body and a blood-alcohol content of nearly twice the legal limit when his boat smashed into a stone jetty. Authorities did not determine who was driving the boat.
Even as Mattingly spoke about his plans to warn his team about the hazards of drinking and operating heavy machinery, alcoholic drinks were being served behind him at the Marlins' charity golf tournament Monday in Key Biscayne, just across the Rickenbacker Causeway from downtown Miami. The parking lot was so jammed with cars, some people parked in the rough lining the fairways.
"Every decision you make has consequences. When you talk to your kids, you talk to your wife, you talk to your players, you talk to your husband, you just have to talk about consequences," Marlins president David Samson said. "Sometimes, you don't get a second chance. That's the saddest part of this, is there's no second chance. The permanence of that is what rings in my ear every day."
Mozeliak remembers discussing drunk driving with his club shortly after Taveras' death. Even that wasn't the first time the Cardinals had had to do so, even in the previous 10 years. Pitcher Josh Hancock was drunk when he died in a car crash in St. Louis in 2007.
Mozeliak remembers the strange feeling of mourning Taveras amid the hope that typically blooms around teams this time of year.
"The players are vibrant, there's life everywhere you look, especially in the spring," Mozeliak said. "The grass is green, the leaves are on the trees. Then you're trying to understand and really square up what death means. It's not easy."
Several Marlins players Tuesday talked about the passion and energy Fernandez brought to their team.
"We get paid to play a game, and sometimes we forget that, and kids are watching us," Marlins closer A.J. Ramos said. "When kids were watching Jose play, they got excited. They're like, 'That's like me. That's how I play.'"
If they followed Fernandez's story to its awful end, kids couldn't help but come to a different conclusion at that point.
Said Samson: "The lesson we can take with us is his passion on the field, and controlling the passion off the field."
Rapper Kendrick Lamar reclaimed the top spot of the weekly U.s Billboard 200 album chart on Monday, fending off country music star Brett Eldredge.
LOS ANGELES: Rapper Kendrick Lamar reclaimed the top spot of the weekly U.s Billboard 200 album chart on Monday, fending off country music star Brett Eldredge.
Lamar's "Damn." climbed from No. 2 to No. 1 with 47,000 album units sold, according to figures from Nielsen SoundScan. Streaming accounted for much of the sales activity, with more than 46 million streams in the past week.
Eldredge's self-titled album debuted at No. 2 with 45,000 album units sold.
The Billboard 200 chart tallies units from album sales, song sales (10 songs equal one album) and streaming activity (1,500 streams equal one album).
The only other new entry in the top 10 of the Billboard 200 chart this week was the "Now 63" compilation of current pop hits at No. 5.
Last week's chart-topper, Arcade Fire's "Everything Now," dropped to No. 38 this week.
Advertisement
Advertisement
On the Digital Songs chart, which measures online single sales, Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi's catchy hit "Despacito," featuring Justin Bieber, showed no signs off moving from No. 1, with another 82,000 copies sold.
(Reporting by Piya Sinha-Roy; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
The new safety sign that made a piece of Auckland road 'significantly more dangerous'
Imogen Neale / Stuff The new signs on Clevedon's Monument Road, make it very hard to see on-coming traffic - or for on-coming traffic to see drivers.
When an elderly man tries to pull out of his rural south-east Auckland driveway, he looks left and right and straight into several new road safety signs.
What Allan McLachlan struggles to see is any oncoming traffic. He can hear approaching cars and trucks, but can't see them.
The Clevedon resident says he first noticed the Auckland Transport (AT) signs on the morning of Friday, May 25, having "received no warning whatsoever" they were going to be installed.
IMOGEN NEALE / STUFF The new signs make it even harder to see oncoming traffic, particularly trucks travelling to and from the nearby Fulton Hogan quarry on McNicol Road in Clevedon, south-east Auckland.
He says lines of sight from the driveway intersecting with busy Monument Road were already problematic due to bends.
READ MORE:
* Solid as a rock: Country community stands against quarry's creep
* Rural community rallies against quarry
* Expansion plans could increase quarry truck movements by more than 1200 a day
The new signs create "significantly more potential danger", McLachlan says, particularly for horse trucks and floats coming and going from his family's equestrian property.
Neighbours have also expressed concerns to him about impaired vision when driving their vehicles out onto Monument Road safely.
"The traffic from our right consists largely of heavily loaded truck and trailer units [coming from the] Fulton Hogan quarry," McLachlan says.
Traffic travelling from the left is dominated by trucks going to the quarry.
IMOGEN NEALE / STUFF Allan McLachlan says the road safety signs have only just appeared at the end of his driveway intersecting with Monument Road, but he'd like them moved.
McLachlan initially assumed the Fulton Hogan stickers on the back of the signs meant the quarry had installed them to fulfil a resource consent requirement.
However, a neighbour informed him they were installed by Fulton Hogan for AT.
McLachlan says he's laid a complaint online with AT but is yet to hear back.
SUPPLIED Stickers on their back show the signs were installed by Auckland Transport contractor Fulton Hogan.
"I have tried following up by telephone, but gave up waiting forever for an operator to respond," he says.
Ideally, he says, locals would like to see the signs relocated to "a far more sensible and resident-friendly location".
In the meantime, he and other neighbours are winding down their vehicle's windows so they can hear, rather than see, oncoming traffic.
SUPPLIED McLachlan says drivers have to pull out on to busy Monument Road before they can see oncoming traffic.
AT media relations manager Mark Hannan says the safety signs on Monument Road "have only been up a few days".
"Over the next few days we will check they have been installed properly by the contractor.
"We will check there is sufficient visibility and meet the standard.
"This programme of works has a proven track record and initial results from roads delivered last year show a reduction in death or serious injury crashes of 100 per cent and a reduction in all crashes of 40 per cent," Hannan says.
- Stuff
On Saturday, the Pro Football Hall of Fame Class of 2018 was announced, with Ray Lewis, Randy Moss, Brian Dawkins, Brian Urlacher, Terrell Owens, Bobby Beathard, Robert Brazile and Jerry Kramer getting the nod. Elliot Harrison breaks down the latest crop of legends headed to Canton below:
1) The Terrell Owens debate is settled
We can say goodbye to the rancor and consternation over Terrell Owens not being on the Canton guest list. Most sports Hall of Fame discussions not involving Barry Bonds over the last couple of years have been T.O.-centric. That is largely because of his dominance on the field and the numbers he boasted in an era during which fantasy football exploded. That said, I spoke with several voters who didn't vote for him in his previous two years as a finalist, including a couple who weren't planning to change their minds this time -- that's why I didn't predict Owens getting in this year.
The main reason to argue against his induction was the "team cancer" argument, with five teams supposedly being more than happy to see Owens leave town over the course of his career. While I see the spirit of that point, facts don't really care about the spirit of anything anymore, right? Sure, the Eagles felt Owens was partially responsible for ripping their locker room in half. The Cowboys endured their own troubles with him, as well. But Philadelphia's best team of the Super Bowl era came in Owens' first season with the team. And, despite a sometimes rocky run in Dallas, the man did catch 38 touchdown passes in three years there. The other organizations cited by those in the anti-Owens' bloc simply don't pass the smell test, or at least their version of it. Owens was at the end of the line in Cincy in 2010, with the Bengals starting over on offense the next year with Andy Dalton and A.J. Green. The exit from Buffalo came off a one-year deal to put butts in the seats. And as my colleague Steve Mariucci said of his former player's tenure in San Francisco, How many star players play more than eight seasons with one team anymore? Thankfully, we don't have to suffer through the Why isn't T.O. in the Hall? garbage ever again.
2) The lock and the virtual lock
If there was one member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame Class of 2018 who was almost guaranteed to get in, it was Ray Lewis. Winning Defensive Player of the Year twice, plus a Super Bowl MVP, coupled with incredible longevity at a demanding position made his inclusion not only merited, but obvious. You can almost say the same about Randy Moss, although the backers of a certain controversial contemporary of Moss' (with nearly the exact same numbers) would have thrown up in their 49ers koozies if Moss had waltzed right through Canton's doors in his first year of eligibility while said controversial contemporary continued to wait. There are also those who have called out Moss for taking plays off, as he admitted to doing as a young player. Then again, scaring the crap out of defensive coordinators trumps taking a few running downs off. Leroy Hoard would have gained 3 yards whether or not Moss whiffed on his block, right? (You're right: Moe Williams would've gained 4.)
3) Surprise, surprise, surprise
Well, I don't know if Brian Urlacher was a "Gomer Pyle" guy, but even he must've been a little surprised when he heard he was receiving pro football's highest honor in his first year of eligibility. There didn't seem to be a great push for the former Bears middle linebacker, unlike Owens. Not to mention everyone in the know agreed that Lewis was a certainty. Sometimes it's harder to get two players of the same position group in the Hall at the same time (especially when it's as specific as middle linebacker). This is in no way to suggest that the eight-time Pro Bowler and former Defensive Player of the Year (2005) isn't deserving. Yet, in our current era, where fans and the media alike crave sacks from their linebackers, the traditional Mike 'backer in the 4-3 has lost some shine. You can thank all the spread formations and sub-packages (and the sub-packages of those sub-packages) for that trend. Urlacher was every bit as good as Bobby Wagner, Luke Kuechly and Sean Lee.
4) The long, strange odyssey of Jerry Kramer
Perhaps no player not in the Hall of Fame has had his exclusion discussed more than Jerry Kramer over the years. You thought Andre Reed had to wait? Man, Kramer hung up his cleats in Green Bay some 50 years ago. And it's not because he is some obscure dude who played middle guard on the 1926 Rochester Jeffersons. Kramer was a well-known player on the Lombardi Packers, the franchise that dominated the 1960s NFL, while their head coach's name adorns the trophy Nick Foles (?) will be hoisting Sunday. Anyway, Kramer's name was first tossed around the voter's room decades ago. He's been a finalist 11 times -- 11! Yet, 2018 marked the first time he was a finalist in over 20 years. Talk about an uphill battle with voters. Ross Perot got more love. Following the 1969 season, the NFL named its 50th anniversary team. Kramer had been the only member of that elite group without a bust in Canton. Needless to say, this announcement provides relief for the former All-Pro guard and his family, not to mention voters who have heard (and read) about his omission for years. Good for him.
While we're here, a hearty congratulation to both the other senior finalist, Robert Brazile, and contributor Bobby Beathard. As Doug Farrar tweeted, Brazile was one of the first star players in a 3-4 system, with his Oilers being among the very first teams to employ that defense, while playing in their own style (the Bum Phillips 3-4). Many know Beathard as the architect of the Redskins' Super Bowl teams of the 1980s. Yet, often overlooked is the time he spent with Don Shula and the Dolphins, helping to build the nucleus of a Miami squad that won back-to-back Super Bowls in the 1972 and '73 seasons.
5) Encouraging ... and discouraging
Call it wonderful that three of the modern-era inductees come from the defensive side of the ball (in addition to senior finalist Brazile), with Brian Dawkins joining Lewis and Urlacher. Analytics have ascended in our era to the point that the eye test is often questioned -- even retroactively. Interested observers are so numbers-centric now that people look at the numbers of Bob Griese or Troy Aikman and ponder whether they deserve to be so revered. Winning matters, as does how you play the game, and anyone who saw Dawkins play knew he was an impact player. That's the great news ...
... while we're on the subject of stats, did you know that the ratio of offensive to defensive players in the Hall of Fame is roughly 2:1? While that indicates the bias toward statistically flashier resumes (specifically with regard to yards, touchdowns and the like) has been in play for decades, it can be corrected. That's why it was frustrating to not see finalists Ty Law or Everson Walls be inducted. First of all, Law carries stats -- 53 of them, in fact. He picked off 53 balls and took seven to the house. He intercepted 2003 NFL co-MVP Peyton Manning three times in the AFC Championship Game that season, while his pick-six in Super Bowl XXXVI changed the tenor of that contest. Walls, meanwhile, intercepted 57 balls himself while being the only CB to ever lead the league three times. If league observers say Moss was a Hall of Famer as a rookie, based on his 17 touchdown receptions, what of Walls, who picked off 11 passes in his first season, a feat that hasn't been matched since by anybody?
If we are to glorify the men who catch the ball -- Moss and Owens -- what about the best in the business at covering them? And ask any GM or coach which position they think is harder. OK, rant done.
Follow Elliot Harrison on Twitter @HarrisonNFL.
Funeral For: Gladys Coates
Funeral Date: December 16, 2017
Gladys Coates, 90, of Carman passed away Wednesday, December 6th at Boyne Lodge. She is survived by 1 daughter, 1 son and their families. She was predeceased by her first husband Jim Howie and her 2nd husband Walter Coates.
The funeral service for Gladys Coates will be held Saturday, December 16th at 10am at Carman United Church with burial at Greenwood Cemetery.
Donations may be made to Boyne Lodge.
Arrangements by Doyle's Funeral Home, Carman.
30 vie for Man of the World 2018 crown
2 SHARES Share Tweet
Thirty contestants from around the world, including a hearing-impaired, were presented to media Tuesday at Resorts World Manila as official candidates to this year's Man of the World pageant.
Richard Montoya, Prime Event Productions Philippines, Inc. Foundation Director for Legal, described this year's contest as “competitive.”
“The number of candidates would have been higher than 30. But for unknown reasons, some of them were not allowed by their talent management to compete,” he says.
Juan Carlos Cabrera Torres, a hearing-impaired looker from Lima, Peru, says he joined the pageant to inspire others like him. “I want to inspire the handicapped that we can do more.''
Clint Karklins Peralta, a registered nurse from Camarines Sur, is the country's representative to the pageant.
The Bicolano hunk says the contest would be his last.
“Win or lose, after my reign in Misters of Filipinas, I am going to London to work as a nurse. I have no plans of competing in other pageants anymore,” says the Filipino candidate who also has Polish and Latvian blood.
During the pre-pageant show, five contestants received the Media Choice Awards.
Aside from the Philippines and Peru, the three other recipients of special awards were Kaung Htet Wai, Myanmar; Emmanuel Luiz, Nigeria; and Cao Xuan Tai, Vietnam.
The finals will be held in San Juan, Metro Manila on Saturday, July 14. (Robert R. Requintina)
Related
comments
SAN FRANCISCO: Emergency workers were investigating a hazardous material spill at Tesla Inc's Gigafactory battery plant in Nevada on Monday, but there were no significant injuries and no threat to the public, authorities said.
"There was no threat to the public, no plumes or anything," said Joe Curtis, director of emergency management for Nevada's Storey County, who said the fire department was on the scene identifying the spilled hazardous material.
Curtis said the incident was isolated to a small area of the sprawling building located outside of Sparks, Nevada, which is ramping up production of batteries for the electric vehicle maker. Tesla did not immediately return an email seeking comment.
(Reporting By Alexandria Sage; Editing by David Gregorio)
Next-generation coaches: The toughest question of the season was, who should be coach of the year? A collection of new or relatively new leaders emerged to not only lift their teams this season, but provide hope for years to come. From the Rams' Sean McVay, to Jacksonville's Doug Marrone, to Minnesota's Mike Zimmer, to late-surging San Francisco's Kyle Shanahan, to Philadelphia's Doug Pederson, the future is blindingly bright for these coaches. In six of the eight divisions, teams that finished third or fourth the year before wound up making the playoffs this season. Not only did the Eagles go from worst (7-9) to first (13-3) in their division, they earned the NFC's No. 1 seed.
0 Study: Puerto Rico death toll 4,600 higher post-Maria
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico -
Over 4,600 more deaths occurred in Puerto Rico in the three months after Hurricane Maria devastated the island, according to a new study published in the New England Journal of Medicine.
4,645 more people died in the three months after Maria compared to the same period in 2016, Harvard researchers found.
Puerto Rico's official death toll for deaths as a direct result of Hurricane Maria is 64, according to the Associated Press.
Researchers from Harvard University who led the new study said 64 deaths are a “substantial underestimate.”
>> Read more trending news
The researchers found that, on average, households went 84 days without electricity, 68 days without water and 41 days without cell phone coverage after the hurricane hit on September 20, 2017, until December 31, 2017.
A total of 31 percent of those surveyed reported a disruption in their medical care and 14 percent said they were unable to access medication after the hurricane struck.
“Indirect deaths resulting from worsening of chronic conditions or from delayed medical treatments may not be captured on death certificates,” researchers said.
Many survey respondents were still without water and electricity at the time of the study's publication.
This is the latest study to determine how many people died during or after the Category 4 storm.
“The difference is that we went out and we had boots on the ground and we did the interviews,” Domingo Marques, an associate professor of clinical psychology at Carlos Albizu University in Puerto Rico, told CNN. “Statistically, it's like having interviewed the whole island.”
The storm caused an estimated $100 billion in damage to the U.S. territory and resulted in the largest blackout in U.S. history. The entire island of 3.3 million people was without power, including hospitals and nursing homes, where people depended on respirators and other medical equipment.
Experts told CNN it is difficult to define which deaths were “caused” by the hurricane during the chaotic and unsafe conditions.
Puerto Rico has hired George Washington University to conduct an assessment of Maria's death toll. Those results have not been released ahead of the 2018 hurricane season.
At least one independent researcher is calling the methods of this new study into question.
“This estimate could be off by thousands. Easily,” Donald Berry, a professor of biostatistics at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, told The Associated Press.
The government of Puerto Rico issued a statement on Tuesday, saying it welcomed this new research and would analyze it, CBS reports.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Kevin Guadamuz rocked a full-body banana costume and a pair of shades at Dodger Stadium on Friday night in honor of his favorite Dodger, Enrique Hernandez, who became known two years ago for waving a rally banana.
The 28-year-old UCLA student said he tweeted the whole process of buying his playoff banana costume from a Party City in Long Beach earlier this week.
His day was made when Hernandez liked a picture of him dressed as a banana on Twitter.
"I like his kid-like excitement about being in the game," he said of Hernandez. "I'm a Chiquita banana. He's a Chiquita banana. We can go bananas together."
Guadamuz was attending his first-ever playoff game with his two brothers and his nephew. He's a little too emotionally invested in sports, he admitted. This postseason might just send him into a frenzy, especially after that blasted losing streak.
"I'm really excited, but, I'm not gonna lie, I'm a little nervous," he said. "I don't like it when they lose when I'm at the game because it hurts me personally."
One of his brothers teasingly chimed in: "Are you a player?"
"It's like I'm going through a breakup every time they lose a playoffs game," he continued.
After four years of the Dodgers losing in the playoffs, he's got all the feels, he said.
"I feel like I'm one of those old-school fans from the 1950s, where it's like, 'we'll get 'em next year,' but then you die a little inside," Guadamuz said. "I feel like I'm part of the team."
His older brother, Yader Guadamuz, 40, of Long Beach, said he gets so emotional during the games that his wife tells him to stop watching them because it's bad for his heart. His anger lingers for days if the Dodgers lose, he said, laughing.
Yader's 10-year-old son, Nicholas, who made his school's all-star baseball team as a second baseman, said of the playoffs: "I feel pretty confident."
"Right now, I really like Puig," he added. "I used to play outfield, and he inspired me to play better."
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Columbus defenseman Zach Werenski will miss the rest of the postseason because of a broken cheekbone.
The Blue Jackets announced the decision Monday, one day after the 19-year-old rookie took a puck to the face on a shot by Pittsburgh's Phil Kessel that opened a gash on his right cheek in the second period.
He played a couple shifts in the third period with a full facemask, but his eye swelled shut and he had to sit out the rest of the game. He tweeted a photo of his face after the game that showed his eye nearly swollen shut.
Pittsburgh won the game 5-4 in overtime for a 3-0 lead in their first-round series. Game 4 is Tuesday night.
___
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Provided photo
Richard and Barbara Baker of 701 Linden Ave, Piqua, shown with their 9-year-old grandson, Holden, were recognized with the Green Leaf Garden Club's outstanding landscaping award for the month of June, presented by club chair Cheryl Sanders, far right. Richard is the retired owner of the American Tree Service Company. He and Barbara have incorporated many trees, flowers and art objects into their landscape plan.
Provided photo
This saw cutting a log is a symbol of Richard Baker's experience in cutting trees with his business, the American Tree Service Company.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
Amazon says an "unlikely" string of events prompted its Echo personal assistant device to record a Portland, Oregon, family's private conversation and then send the recording to an acquaintance in Seattle.
Amazon says an "unlikely" string of events prompted its Echo personal assistant device to record a Portland, Oregon, family's private conversation and then send the recording to an acquaintance in Seattle.
Las Vegas police released more records compiled during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Las Vegas police released more records compiled during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
South Carolina mom who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped is charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, a day after infant was found dead in a diaper box.
South Carolina mom who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped is charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, a day after infant was found dead in a diaper box.
(Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office via AP). This May 29, 2018 photo made available by the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office, S.C., shows Breanna Lewis under arrest. The mother, who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped on Tuesday, May 29, ...
(Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office via AP). This May 29, 2018 photo made available by the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office, S.C., shows Breanna Lewis under arrest. The mother, who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped on Tuesday, May 29, ...
New law enforcement video shows officers tackling and punching a man in an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
New law enforcement video shows officers tackling and punching a man in an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows North Carolina State Trooper Michael G. Blake, who has been charged with assault in t...
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows North Carolina Trooper Tabithia L. Davis, who has been charged with assault in the ar...
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
By JONATHAN DREW
Associated Press
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Officers are shown tackling and punching a man on newly released video of an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
Dashboard camera video released Wednesday from one of the first troopers to arrive shows Kyron Hinton standing alone late on April 3, moaning and gesturing on a Raleigh street. More than a half-dozen officers from multiple agencies surround him as cars pass.
Eventually a canine handler approaches, with the dog barking. The handler yells: "Get on the ground; you're gonna get bit!"
When Hinton doesn't comply, the officer releases the dog, which lunges and gets a mouthful of Hinton's clothing. The canine handler then grabs Hinton's upper torso and pulls him down, the video shows.
While Hinton is on the ground, at least one other officer can be seen punching him. Others hold onto his legs to try to subdue him.
The videos from three law enforcement agencies were released Wednesday to news outlets including The Associated Press after they went to court to request they be made public. North Carolina law generally requires a judge's order for the release of police dashboard or body camera footage.
Wake County Master Deputy Cameron Broadwell, a canine handler, was charged earlier this month with two counts of felony assault in an indictment alleging that he hit Hinton with his hands and attacked him with the dog.
Troopers Michael G. Blake and Tabithia L. Davis were charged with one count each of felony assault; the Wake County indictment alleges they hit Hinton with their flashlights.
All three are also charged with willfully failing to discharge duties, a misdemeanor. Each has been placed on administrative duty.
Broadwell's attorneys write in court documents that Hinton was acting in a threatening manner, appeared intoxicated and refused to comply with commands from officers. The attorneys noted that five people had called 911 to report Hinton standing in the middle of the busy street "screaming, yelling, and acting in a threatening manner."
Broadwell's attorney Rick Gammon declined further comment Wednesday. Attorneys for Blake and Davis didn't immediately respond to messages seeking comment on the videos.
Initially, Hinton was charged with disorderly conduct, resisting officers and attacking a law enforcement dog, according to arrest records. The charges were later dropped.
Hinton has said that he suffered an eye injury during the arrest that required surgery. He also told reporters earlier this month that he still has scars from being bitten by the law enforcement dog.
"When you see the actual video footage, it's worse than a horror movie," he said earlier this month.
___
Follow Drew at www.twitter.com/JonathanLDrew
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Reds host the Serie A giants in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final clash at Anfield this evening (7:45pm).
And the Anfield Edition claim they have Jurgen Klopp's starting line-up.
They reckon the German will have a full strength team with no new injury worries.
They say Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane will all start against Roma.
Line-up (4-3-3): Karius; Alexander-Arnold, Lovren, Van Dijk, Robertson; Henderson, Milner, Oxlade-Chamberlain; Salah, Firmino, Mane.
Klopp is also set to go with James Milner and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in midfield alongside captain Jordan Henderson.
Neo-Nazi website the Daily Stormer moved its domain registration to Google after hosting firm GoDaddy said it would sever ties with the site that promoted Saturday's deadly rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
TORONTO: Neo-Nazi website the Daily Stormer moved its domain registration to Google after hosting firm GoDaddy said it would sever ties with the site that promoted Saturday's deadly rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
A "whois" search of Internet domains on Monday listed Alphabet Inc's Google as registrar for The Daily Stormer, a white supremacist website associated with the alt-right movement.
Representatives with Google could not immediately be reached for comment.
The Google domain registration site says that customers can transfer domains to the Internet giant through an automated, online process that can take 20 minutes.
GoDaddy Inc disclosed on Sunday via Twitter that it had given The Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider, saying it had violated the company's terms of service."
GoDaddy has previously come under sharp criticism for hosting The Daily Stormer and other sites that spread hate.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The company decided to boot the site on Sunday out of fear that it could be used to incite further violence after the events in Charlottesville, including the death of Heather Heyer, who was fatally struck by a car allegedly driven by a man with white nationalist views.
"With the violence that occurred over the weekend, the company believed this site could incite additional violence," said the person who was not authorized to publicly discuss the matter.
The internet hosting company's rules of conduct ban using its services in a manner that "promotes, encourages or engages in terrorism, violence against people, animals or property."
Meanwhile, Cloudflare, a private firm that also provides internet services to The Daily Stormer, declined to say if it was looking at severing ties.
"Cloudflare is aware of the concerns that have been raised over some sites that have used our network. We find the content on some of these sites repugnant," the company said in a statement.
"While our policy is to not comment on any user specifically, we are cooperating with law enforcement in any investigation," it added.
Daily Storm publisher Andrew Anglin could not be reached for comment.
(Reporting by Jim Finkle in Toronto; Additional reporting by Salvador Rodriguez and Chris Michaud; Editing by Michael Perry and Nick Zieminski)
Get a sneak peek at Justin Timberlake's Super Bowl halftime show outfits!
The 37-year-old singer will be wearing custom Stella McCartney during his performance on Sunday. Timberlake collaborated with the designer on ensembles inspired by his new album, Man of the Woods, which was released Friday.
The Stella McCartney sketches show the looks, which will consist of an alter nappa fringed jacket with an organic cotton shirt featuring a landscape artwork by British artist Marin Ridley. The look will also include a Prince of Wales check and camouflage splatter print trouser made from repurposed wool fabric and a matching tailored single breasted jacket.
Stella McCartney
Stella McCartney
The singer couldn't look more ready to take the stage on Sunday. See everything we know about his halftime performance in the video below.
RELATED CONTENT:
Justin Timberlake's Birthday Just Keeps Getting Better as He Teases Three New Songs Off His New Album
Justin Timberlake Spins Jessica Biel Around the Dance Floor in ‘Man of the Woods' Music Video: Watch!
Justin Timberlake Flaunts PDA With Jessica Biel at Paisley Park Album Listening Party
Let's block ads! (Why?)
News
Local energy workers survive without $2M grant funds
SHERIDAN — The state of Wyoming received a nearly $2 million grant from the U.S. Department of Labor National Dislocated Worker Grant program to help displaced energy industry workers in seven of Wyoming's counties. Local companies in the energy industry, though, seem to be recovering.
Instead of laying off workers, some local companies have open positions they are looking to fill.
“All of the miners in our area that might have been laid off a couple years ago when there was a layoff, they're back to work if they want to be,” said Melana Cummings, a Sheridan workforce specialist. “We've been writing job orders for both of the coal mines, Decker and Spring Creek, as early as this week.”
Cloud Peak Energy, which owns and operates the Spring Creek Mine just 35 miles north of Sheridan, currently has two open positions — mechanic for heavy mobile equipment and a specialist of IT technical support.
“Those positions change fairly frequently in terms of the need and so it's just a matter of filling them,” said Rick Curtsinger, director of public affairs for Cloud Peak Energy.
Decker Coal Mine listed one position on monster.com for a surface mine electrician.
“We started getting job orders from the mines not long after they started laying off,” Cummings said.
Cummings said the letter regarding the grant came out in late January and the funds have yet to be tapped in Sheridan County, but a few across the state have utilized the grant.
Eligible individuals can receive up to $6,500 toward the cost of a retraining program, the press release states. Cummings said, in general, Sheridan did not see a lot of out-of-work coal miners.
“We just didn't have that many affected,” Cummings said.
Spring Creek Mine officials, though, said coal is making a comeback of sorts.
“Early in 2015, Cloud Peak Energy had exited the export sales due to low costs, making it uneconomic to ship,” Curtsinger said. “But toward the end of 2016, Cloud Peak exported 400,000 of the 10.8 million (total tons of coal) that were shipped (in 2016).”
This year looks even bigger for Cloud Peak.
“For 2017, Cloud Peak Energy is planning to export 5 million tons (of coal); a significant increase on the previous year,” Curtsinger said.
The state's press release about the grant said Gov. Matt Mead and the Department of Workforce Services worked with the Wyoming Workforce Development Council, local economic development groups and other organizations to access the program funding. The grant can be used to assist those who worked directly for coal companies and indirectly in manufacturing and transportation businesses associated with coal.
Cummings said the help offered through the grant is the same as that offered to all customers at the workforce office, including help with the website in terms of looking for jobs, resume assistance and individual assessments.
“Federal dollars always come with specifications on who can use the money,” Cummings said. “This is just a good pot of money for those who might be affected by the energy layoffs.”
The annual Push the Boat Out event at Rye Harbour Sailing Club, attracted dozens of people keen to dip their toes in the water and experience sailing.
The event, held over the weekend of May 19-20, was organised by Rye Harbour Sailing Club (RHSC) and RHSC Sailability
Pett Level Independent Rescue Boat team Mark Hall, Andy Cromton, Shaun O'Hara and John Crowther SUS-180530-150328001
Caroline Wylson, Sailability Chair says it was a very successful day. “Volunteers woke to a grey day on Saturday morning but the skies cleared and as hopeful tasters started turning up the sun shone with a gentle breeze from the south!
“Forty eight people of different abilities, some who had sailed before and some with no sailing experience took part.
“Nine experienced dinghy skippers and boats turned out to give people the chance to try sailing.
“With so many volunteer skippers the taster sailors had a longer session on the water.”
One ‘taster' sailer, Nathalie said: ”I loved it! Where I live in Germany there is no water to sail on because it is high up in the mountains. This is the first time I have sailed; a wonderful experience!” Skipper Andy Hewitt and Mary Hewitt took Nathalie out on the water to experience sailing. Other families, visitors of all ages and club members were delighted to have been able to experience dinghy sailing at The Point,
Caroline added: “The weather remained fine over both days and people were refreshed from the bar and enjoyed the burgers and sausages from the barbeque as well as teas and coffee with delicious cakes and sandwiches.
“RHSC Sailability is applying for funding to buy a safety boat, a Whaly 500, so, to provide suitable cover over the weekend Pett Level Independent Rescue Boat (PLIRB) team generously agreed to standby as safety boat cover for the Sailability boat Luey, a Sport 16.
“A huge thank you from the RHSC Sailability team goes to the PLIRB team. Also, very many thanks to the amazing volunteers at the club and everyone who took part and made it such a great weekend.
“Don't worry if you missed out but would still like to try sailing because this Saturday, June 2, RHSC are offering people the chance of a longer sail with coaching from an experienced skipper. The RHSC Sailability Spring Raffle, for a week under the Tuscan sun, will be drawn at 4pm that afternoon at RHSC, The Point, Rye Harbour. Raffle tickets will be available on the day. “Money raised from the raffle will go towards funding the balance of the RHSC Sailability rescue boat.”
For more information email richard@richardhopper.plus.com or carolinewylson@btinternet.com or call 01797 223112.
Alternatively visit: www.rhsc.org.uk
BEIJING: A human rights activist best known as "Super Vulgar Butcher" who rose to prominence by harnessing social media to mobilise public support admitted in a closed-door trial that his actions "violated the law", a Chinese court said on Monday.
Wu Gan, 44, was detained in May 2015 and charged with subverting the state.
Known for his distinctive bald pate and cutting humour, Wu combined cyber-activism with eye-catching street performance to draw attention to causes ranging from wrongful imprisonment to freedom of speech.
He worked in an investigative capacity for a law firm, helping it find and vet cases involving abuses of power.
In a brief statement published on its official Weibo account on Monday afternoon, the Tianjin No.2 Intermediate People's Court said it did not hold an open hearing because Wu's case impinged on "state secrets".
"The defendant Wu Gan recognised his behaviour violated criminal law and constituted a crime," the court said, adding that his lawyers were allowed to "fully express" their defence arguments.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The court said a verdict would be handed down at an unspecified later date.
Politically sensitive cases such as Wu's almost always result in a guilty verdict from China's Communist Party-controlled judiciary.
Wu's lawyer, Ge Yongxi, said it was "inconvenient" to talk about the case when reached by telephone.
In a pre-trial statement that Wu managed to slip to his lawyers during a recent meeting, Wu said he knew he would "receive a heavy sentence" because of his "refusal to accept a state-designated lawyer, plead guilty, and make a televised confession for their propaganda purposes".
"My crime of subverting the communist regime is a great honour for me," he said in the statement, published online by his father on Aug. 9.
"A guilty verdict issued by a dictatorial regime is a golden glittering trophy awarded to warriors for liberty and democracy."
Wu was detained at the start of what is now referred to as the "709 Crackdown", named after the date of the biggest sweep on July 9, 2015, when hundreds of lawyers and activists were targeted for arrest, detention or questioning.
Wu is one of the last defendants to go on trial, more than two years on.
Most of the lawyers and activists have been released after serving short or suspended sentences, usually after recording televised "confessions", pleading guilty and expressing contrition in court.
Wu's supporters say his trial was delayed and only held behind closed doors because of his refusal to follow suit, while also scoffing at any suggestion he could have any state secrets in his possession.
"Wu Gan's trial is a cruel farce and it is inconceivable that he will receive a fair hearing in what is a politically motivated prosecution," said Patrick Poon, China researcher for Amnesty International.
"He is merely being punished for refusing to stop his innovative and legitimate campaigns for justice in China."
(Reporting by Philip Wen and Christian Shepherd; Editing by Nick Macfie)
LISBON: Benfica made Borussia Dortmund pay for missing a host of chances, as the Portuguese side snatched a 1-0 win in their Champions League last-16 first leg on Tuesday thanks to forward Kostas Mitroglou's 13th goal in his last 13 games.
Greece international Mitroglou flicked the ball into the net to open the scoring in the 48th minute and Benfica then held on against their misfiring opponents to take a slender lead into the second leg in Dortmund on March 8.
Benfica, who have now not conceded a goal at home for 383 minutes, kept another clean sheet thanks largely to keeper Ederson, who denied the Germans with a string of superb saves.
Dortmund, who had netted a record 21 times in the group stage, missed a second-half penalty through Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who also squandered several other scoring chances on a night to forget for the Gabon striker.
"We ended up scoring a goal in a situation we had been working for," said Benfica coach Rui Vitoria. "In order to play such teams one has to be prepared to suffer at the limit. We had our problems getting out of our own half to attack.
"Now we know what we have to do in the return leg. Scoring a goal there will have a huge impact," the Portuguese said.
Benfica, who had striker Jonas ruled out through injury just before kickoff, got off to an explosive start but Dortmund began to dominate possession and gradually slowed the game down.
The visitors, looking to counter their lacklustre domestic form with European success, missed a huge chance when Aubameyang, the Bundesliga's leading scorer, fired over the bar after an outstanding through ball from Ousmane Dembele in the 10th minute.
Benfica captain Luisao was making his 500th club appearance and was kept busy at the heart of the Benfica defence, with Dembele sneaking into the box and forcing a superb save from keeper Ederson in the 23rd.
Aubameyang then missed another good opportunity before the break and Benfica were quick out of the blocks again after the restart with Mitroglou doing well to control a Luisao header and then beating keeper Roman Buerki from close range.
Aubameyang almost drew Dortmund level in the 53rd and then had a penalty, awarded for a handball on the hour, saved by Benfica's Brazilian keeper.
Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel put Aubameyang out of his misery by substituting him soon after and following a sensational save from Ederson with six minutes left, the hosts held on to celebrate victory.
"We cannot do much more than carve out these golden chances," Tuchel told reporters. "We will now need efficiency in the return leg if we are to advance."
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; Editing by Toby Davis)
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
In the wake of Monday's horrific act of violence, it is entirely normal to seek out reason amidst the chaos. Why did this happen?
It is also entirely human to seek out someone to blame. Who did this to us? Who, beyond the obvious madman at the wheel, shares responsibility for allowing mass murder to crash literally at the doorstep of my law office?
But, in the course of seeking answers to these questions, we frequently collapse into two competing camps. Many, still reeling from mixture of shock, grief and anger, rush to the battlements and insist on pronouncing these crimes as just the latest in an increasingly devastating line of terrorist acts.
There are others who exhibit an almost pathological ostrich mentality, wilfuly blinding themselves to facts and refusing to let the T-word ever escape their lips.
To both groups I would urge a moment of sober second thought and a careful reading of the Criminal Code.
An orange tarp can be seen on the sidewalk after a van plowed through pedestrians on Yonge St. on April 23, 2018. (Bryan Passifiume/Toronto Sun)
Toronto Police with a Ryder van believed to have hit multiple pedestrians on Yonge St. in Toronto on April 23, 2018. (Craig Robertson/Toronto Sun)
An orange tarp covers a body on Yonge St. after a van ran down pedestrians on April 23, 2018. (Stan Behal/Toronto Sun)
A Ryder van believed to have hit multiple pedestrians on Yonge St. in Toronto on April 23, 2018. (Ross McLean)
An unidentified body is seen near the crime scene after a truck hit several pedestrians in Toronto, Ontario, on on April 23, 2018. LARS HAGBERG/AFP/Getty Images
Emergency services close Yonge Street in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Aaron Vincent Elkaim
Emergency services close Yonge Street in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Aaron Vincent Elkaim
A body lies covered on the sidewalk in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Aaron Vincent Elkaim
An injured person is put into the back of an ambulance in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Aaron Vincent Elkaim
A man is taken into custody after pedestrians were struck on Yonge St. in Toronto on April 23, 2018. (@FTV_Huazhang)
Police officers stand near a body that is covered up after it was hit after a truck drove up on the curb and hit several pedestrians in Toronto, Ontario, on April 23, 2018. A man drove a white rental van into a crowd of pedestrians in the center of Canada's biggest city Toronto on April 23, 2018,. LARS HAGBERG/AFP/Getty Images
First responders close down Yonge Street in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Nathan Denette
Police officers secure an area around a covered body in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Frank Gunn
Toronto police talk to a woman after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians in Toronto on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Nathan Denette
Shoes lay in the street as first responders secure the area in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Nathan Denette
Police officers secure an area around a covered body in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Nathan Denette
A van with a damaged front-end is shown on a sidewalk after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians in Toronto on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Frank Gunn
9 people were killed on Yonge Street between Finch and Sheppard in Toronto's North York area after a van struck dozens of people this afternoon, on Monday April 23, 2018. Stan Behal/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
9 people were killed on Yonge Street between Finch and Sheppard in Toronto's North York area after a van struck dozens of people this afternoon, on Monday April 23, 2018. Stan Behal/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
9 people were killed on Yonge Street between Finch and Sheppard in Toronto's North York area after a van struck dozens of people this afternoon, on Monday April 23, 2018. Stan Behal/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
9 people were killed on Yonge Street between Finch and Sheppard in Toronto's North York area after a van struck dozens of people this afternoon, on Monday April 23, 2018. Stan Behal/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
9 people were killed on Yonge Street between Finch and Sheppard in Toronto's North York area after a van struck dozens of people this afternoon, on Monday April 23, 2018. Stan Behal/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
9 people were killed on Yonge Street between Finch and Sheppard in Toronto's North York area after a van struck dozens of people this afternoon, on Monday April 23, 2018. Stan Behal/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
9 people were killed on Yonge Street between Finch and Sheppard in Toronto's North York area after a van struck dozens of people this afternoon, on Monday April 23, 2018. Stan Behal/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, is charged in the deadly van massacre on Yonge St. in Toronto. (LinkedIn)
Police at a Richmond Hill house believed to be the residence of Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian. (Joe Warmington/Toronto Sun)
People leave messages of condolence at a makeshift memorial near Yonge and Finch on April 23, 2018 after the van attack. (EXimages/WENN.com)
People leave messages of condolence at a makeshift memorial near Yonge and Finch on April 23, 2018 after the van attack. (EXimages/WENN.com)
People attend a makeshift memorial near Yonge and Finch on April 23, 2018 after the van attack. (EXimages/WENN.com)
People leave messages of condolence at a makeshift memorial near Yonge and Finch on April 23, 2018 after the van attack. (EXimages/WENN.com)
People attend a makeshift memorial near Yonge and Finch on April 23, 2018 after the van attack. (EXimages/WENN.com)
Toronto and York police at the Minassian home at 27 Elmsley Dr. in Richmond Hill on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (Chris Doucette/Toronto Sun)
Toronto and York police at the Minassian home at 27 Elmsley Dr. in Richmond Hill on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (Chris Doucette/Toronto Sun)
Alek Minassian from Thornlea Secondary School's yearbook.
Alek Minassian from Thornlea Secondary School's yearbook.
Alek Minassian from Thornlea Secondary School's yearbook.
Vahe Minassian is escorted out of the 1000 Finch Court by police officers on Tuesday April 24, 2018 after his son Alek Minassian was charged with 10 counts of first degree and 13 counts of attempted murder in the van attack on Yonge Street at Finch. (Stan Behal/Toronto Sun)
Alek Minassian appears before justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg in 1000 Finch Ave. W. Court on April 24, 2018. (Sketch by Pam Davies)
Share: PHOTOS: Van strikes pedestrians near Yonge & Finch Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email
The legal definition of “terrorism” is lengthy and carefully crafted but can be summarized as a crime committed for a “political, religious or ideological purpose, objective or cause” whose motivation was the intentional intimidation of the public.
The husband who regularly abuses his spouse terrorizes an entire family but he is not a terrorist.
The serial killer who spends decades stalking a community, murdering its most vulnerable one by one, is a terrifying human being but is not a terrorist.
The man who hurls a rock through the glass door of a synagogue might well be motivated by anti-Semitic hatred, but he is not, absent other information, a terrorist.
The woman who wildly swings a baseball bat at a Canadian Tire pledging allegiance to an ideological religious sect dedicated to the destruction of Western society has caused far less physical and psychological harm than these other examples, yet she has earned the title of terrorist.
Understanding the legal definition of terrorism helps us understand why an act that so clearly terrified and terrorized so many might still not be an act of terrorism perpetrated by a terrorist.
Does the formal label matter?
In some ways, not at all. Ten counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder are enough, if proved, to keep Alex Minassian in jail until the end of time. Whether he serves that time as a mass murderer or a mass murdering terrorist is of no concern to the steel bars that could become his eternal wallpaper.
Yet, speaking more broadly, labels and words matter. We cannot effectively combat that which we cannot understand. The protections and solutions necessary to address a mentally ill lunatic are very different from the steps that must be taken against a pathological calculated killer, and different yet again if we are to address the global scourge of religious and ideological extremism that has poisoned so many minds.
Crime is very often terrifying to its victims and that feeling of terror regularly extends to the victim's family and community. But not every act that terrorizes and terrifies is terrorism. As we become better at understanding this distinction, our ability to digest, address and combat crime – in all its forms – will be enhanced.
— Prutschi is a defence lawyer
twitter.com/prutschi
crimlawcanada.com
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced academic programs.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced...
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
Abortion rises as a hot topic in this year's state legislative sessions, as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to weigh in soon on how far states go in restricting access.
Abortion rises as a hot topic in this year's state legislative sessions, as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to weigh in soon on how far states go in restricting access.
'Kill Bill' actress Uma Thurman accuses embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing himself upon her sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making her perform a dangerous car stunt that injured her.
'Kill Bill' actress Uma Thurman accuses embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing himself upon her sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making her perform a dangerous car stunt that injured her.
By MATTHEW BARAKAT
Associated Press
McLEAN, Va. (AP) - It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, which has one of the wealthiest, best-educated populations in America: Hundreds of second-graders troop off to private psychologists for IQ tests to prove they're worthy of advanced academic programs in the public schools.
The competition is fierce. Acceptance, some parents believe, can be the key to getting into prestigious Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology, a magnet school that routinely sends graduates to the most competitive colleges.
"I guess I never made the cut," said Aaron Moorer, who is African-American and eventually graduated from Mount Vernon High with a 3.8 GPA. "I never made the special class."
Moorer's family wasn't aware that hundreds of families file appeals every year, armed with private exams costing more than $500, to persuade bureaucrats their child is deserving. This system exacerbates a problem plaguing gifted-and-talented programs across the nation: Black and Hispanic students almost never file the appeals that can secure their admission.
Using the Virginia Freedom of Information Act to obtain 10 years of county records, The Associated Press found that fewer than 50 black and Hispanic second-graders have filed successful appeals. That's less than 3 percent of the 1,737 second-graders admitted through the appeals process, further skewing a program already heavily weighted toward whites and Asians.
Fairfax County has the nation's 10th largest public school system, with more than 188,000 students. Of those, 25 percent are Hispanic and 10 percent are African-American. But over the last 10 years, blacks and Hispanics have constituted only 12 percent of the students deemed eligible for Level IV, the most advanced academic program.
Notably, the data show that when black and Hispanic students do submit intelligence tests, they are just as likely to gain admission as their white and Asian counterparts. The problem is that black and Hispanic students only rarely submit appeals.
Francisco Duran, the school system's chief academic and equity officer, downplayed the disparities in the appeals process, citing successful efforts to enroll more black and Hispanic students through teacher referrals and other means. But he acknowledged that the school system is not where it wants to be in terms of identifying students at an early age who have the potential for advanced academics.
"We want it to be so that we don't have a need for an appeals process," Duran said.
Looking back, Moorer is sure he could have handled more advanced classes if given the opportunity.
"Not being included in the academic program kind of left me feeling unchallenged. I was able to get straight A's but I was often left bored in class. I felt somewhat envious to know that many of the friends that I had in those classes were learning at a more advanced level," said Moorer, now an undergrad at Hampden-Sydney College. He also was accepted at James Madison University but was waitlisted at Virginia Tech and turned down by University of North Carolina.
For talented students, the stakes are high: Children in Level IV, the highest and most competitive, can be assigned to schools with concentrated numbers of gifted students, providing what many parents feel is a more robust learning environment. Lower levels, offered in neighborhood schools, may include occasional enrichment projects, outside classwork and advanced reading assignments.
The appeals culture in Fairfax is so prevalent that nearby George Mason University has graduate psychology students learn their trade by administering the tests. Ellen Rowe, the Cognitive Assessment Program's director, said sliding-scale fees make testing accessible to low-income families, but "we don't control who comes to us."
Even the lucky ones can sense the injustice. Mark Biear of Vienna, who is white, has two kids in Level IV, one of whom successfully appealed. He found that some parents discussed the process openly, while others seemed reluctant to share information might give another family an advantage.
"I wish it was more transparent," said Biear.
Jonathan Plucker, president of the National Association for Gifted Children, said Fairfax County's system "feels pretty extraordinary, but it doesn't surprise me." Wealthy, suburban districts often face intense parental demand for gifted programs, he said.
Plucker applauds the placement testing for all second-graders, but says allowing hundreds of parents to spend hundreds of dollars for a second IQ test defeats the purpose. "Why add a second level to the process that just reintroduces the disparities you're seeking to get rid of in the first place?" he asks.
Carol Horn, who ran the advanced academic program for Fairfax County Public Schools until her recent retirement, acknowledged the enrollment gap. She noted that some form of appeals process is required by the state. She initiated Young Scholars, an effort to enroll and support more minorities in advanced classes, and encouraged teachers to send more kids of color her way, which has led to more diversity.
"If parents don't know about the program, teachers become the advocate for the children," Horn said.
It's not just that appeals are costly, said Tina Hone, who advocated for minority students when she was a Fairfax County school board member. Some black and Hispanic families may be less interested in advanced placement when it means moving a child out of neighborhood school where specialized education isn't offered, she said.
"It's about cultural norms," said Hone, who is African-American. "It's not just about money."
Katherine Cespedes said teachers didn't encourage her to pursue advanced academics after she arrived in Virginia from Argentina at age 7. She said they initially focused more on developing her English-language skills.
"I don't think my teacher believed I was capable back then," Cespedes said. Only after an English teacher at Falls Church High School took interest in her did she push herself to take honors courses, graduating with a 3.5 GPA and earning a scholarship for George Mason University.
There are just a few dozen black students at Thomas Jefferson, where sophomore Alina Ampeh is surrounded by whites and Asians - a situation she's lived with since elementary school. She's grateful that all those years of advanced classes prepared her for TJ's rigorous academics, but says that doesn't necessarily make her special: She thinks many of her classmates simply have parents who worked the system. "If you want to get in, you just complain about it," she said.
Alina's mother, Karen Ampeh, also is grateful, but disappointed that so few African-Americans have benefited from such high-quality instruction.
"In my experience, the AAP program is for students who are pushed by their parents, or possibly other adults, to be in the program," she said. "It is not a welcome environment for black students unless they have a lot of support from home."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
PENS, paper and calculators proved almost as important as bats, balls and stumps as the PraxisIFM CI League came to a dramatic conclusion on Saturday.
Perhaps the most exciting outcome was also the one most dreaded by the organisers as the final round of results left four teams all tied on eight points apiece, meaning the title came down to net run-rate.
A period of frantic calculations once all scores from across three grounds – two in Jersey and the College Field here – had been submitted revealed that Farmer-Caesareans had, just, pipped the others to the post.
Such was the closeness of the outcome – the new champions edging out second-placed Cobo by just 0.05 on NRR – that just one boundary here or another over there could have swung the title race in someone else's direction.
But the biggest ‘what if?' came in Farmers-Caesareans' match with Wanderers Irregulars at the College Field.
The Jersey side were always in control having posted 211 from their reduced 42 overs and once they started making inroads into the home side's batting order, there was only ever going to be one winner.
But, crucially, Wanderers Irregulars were a man short when it came to their turn to bat, with Ant Stokes having been taken for a precautionary X-ray on a hand injury sustained while fielding.
Had he been able to return to the field a little bit quicker and possibly made just half-a-dozen runs in an over or two, he would have surely been guest of honour at Cobo's 60th anniversary celebrations later this year.
As it was, though, he trudged up the stairs of the College Field pavilion with his match having finished and with Dave Piesing and others already doing the maths to decide who had triumphed.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Mexican President-elect Andres Obrador left the country's national palace in the front passenger seat of a white Volkswagen Jetta, swarmed by hundreds of jubilant supporters including one waving a live rooster.
There was not a bodyguard in sight.
Since claiming victory on Sunday, the leftist politician has promised transformative change for Mexico.
That includes ambitious plans to stem the corruption and violence that have become the status quo, though Obrador has yet to provide details.
Lopez Obrador's approach to security is one of the first signs of how he is breaking from the mold of the typical Mexican presidency.
His plan to travel without armed guards has sparked worry in some quarters about his safety on the heels of Mexico's deadliest year since modern records began.
“The people will protect me. … He who fights for justice has nothing to fear,” Obrador said after meeting with President Enrique Pena Nieto, who he said offered federal protection.
“You'll all be watching out for me,” he told a large hall packed with press during a lively, 35-minute back-and-forth that sharply contrasted with Pena Nieto's brief, tightly controlled appearances.
Some audience members were skeptical.
“This is the institution of the presidency of the republic, this isn't just one person,” a journalist said, asking Obrador if he would change his strategy.
“We're just reporters,” another called out.
Since Sunday, Lopez Obrador's every move has been broadcast live, with journalists and supporters forming a slow-moving convoy around the 64-year-old, who has pledged to shed various trappings of power including the presidential residence and plane while earning half of Pena Nieto's salary.
At one point, Obrador's Jetta, which often snaked through Mexico City with the windows down, knocked a member of the posse off his motorcycle while making a right turn.
The man appeared unhurt.
Close-to-the-people campaigning has been the style of the former Mexico City mayor for 13 years during two prior presidential bids, taking him to the most remote and dangerous pockets of Mexico.
Even in recent months, in spite of a surge of politician killings, Lopez Obrador has ventured into drug-cartel strongholds rarely visited by Pena Nieto, such as Chilapa and Reynosa.
Mexico is on track to register even more murders this year than in 2017, according to government data, and Obrador's vows to curb violence appealed to many voters frustrated with the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party's inability to stem the bloodshed.
But Obrador's new status may compel him to make some compromises, said Vicente Sanchez, a professor of public administration at the Colegio de la Frontera Norte in Tijuana.
“He should understand the risk, and that once he's elected, he doesn't owe it to himself, but to the country,” Sanchez said.
“He has too much desire to go down in history as an austere figure, close to the people.”
REUTERS: The third one-day international between West Indies and Afghanistan was washed out by persistent rain in Saint Lucia on Wednesday, denying the tourists a potential series victory and the hosts key rankings points.
Afghanistan won the opening the match of the series by 63 runs on the back of a stunning haul of seven for 18 from 18-year-old leg-spinner Rashid Khan, the fourth best bowling figures of all time in the 50-over format.
West Indies, desperate for wins to move up from ninth to eighth spot in the world rankings to avoid having to qualify for the 2019 World Cup, hit back to take a four-wicket victory in the second match.
After a two-hour delay on Wednesday, Afghanistan won the toss for the decisive third match and elected to bat but the rain returned before a single delivery could be bowled. The series was drawn 1-1.
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney in Sydney, editing by Ian Ransom)
Advertisement
Cycling's golden couple Jason and Laura Kenny are expecting their first child, their agent has said.
Mrs Kenny, 24, revealed the news in an image posted on Instagram which shows two adult bikes lined up alongside a bright green child's bike.
Luke Lloyd-Davies, the couple's agent, said: "I can confirm that Laura Kenny is indeed pregnant and that she, Jason and their respective families are absolutely thrilled and delighted with the news.
"They very much appreciate all the kind wishes and messages of support that they have received already."
The couple, who married in September in a private ceremony, went public with the news following their 12-week scan.
Mr Kenny, 28, made a light-hearted nod to the news in a message to his wife on Twitter.
Alongside a cartoon picture of a flyer on pregnancy captioned So You've Ruined Your Life, he wrote: "I wondered why this leaflet came through the post."
Mrs Kenny is a four-time Olympic champion for Team GB, while Mr Kenny has six Olympic track sprint gold medals to his name.
In January, British Cycling said Mrs Kenny would miss the Six Day Berlin and British Championships events due to a hamstring strain.
The couple's relationship became public at the London 2012 Olympics, where they each won two gold medals in the velodrome and were pictured kissing at the beach volleyball competition at Horse Guards Parade.
It was joked at the time that British Cycling - famed for its attention to detail - had thought of everything, even a breeding programme.
When the couple were asked about the prospect of becoming parents ahead of their nuptials at the Rio Olympics in August, Mrs Kenny said: "We haven't exactly thought about it.
"I guess I am still quite young. I only put it out there because everybody kept going on about it.
"So I was just like, 'It could be the best omnium rider in the world, couldn't it? A bit of sprint, a bit of endurance. You never know.'
"In 20-something (years) down the line, you never know."
Cometh the hour, cometh the man! Delhi's impressive Under-19 opening batsman, Manjot Kalra, made cricket fans sit up and take note as he emerged as the man India were waiting for to take them past the post in the final of the ICC Under-19 World Cup on Saturday. He batted like a champion right through the historic innings and did not take his foot off the pedal till the team was home and dry.
Kalra's brilliant unbeaten century was timely; it made light of the loss of two big guns, captain Prithvi Shaw and the consistent Shubman Gill to help India successfully chase down Australia's challenging target of 217. The fact that this knock and win came on foreign shores made Kalra's essay all the more commendable.
Thanks to the terrific knock, which came under extreme pressure, India eked out an emphatic eight-wicket win to be crowned World Under-19 champions for an unparalleled fourth time.
Much of the focus at the start of the tournament in New Zealand was on Shaw. The lad had done well for Mumbai in his debut season in Ranji Trophy and hence a lot was expected of him in the world stage.
Shaw did relatively well, but the show-stealers were undoubtedly Gill and Kalra.
The beauty of Kalra's batting, apart from his impressive, match-winning 101 not-out (102 balls, 8x4,3x6), was his terrific situational grasp and execution.
The left-hander played to the need of the moment and was quick to seize the initiative and push back the bowling at opportune times. For instance, he did not allow leg-spinner Lloyd Pope to settle down. He slammed a length ball for a huge six over wide long on and ensured that the leg-spinner was taken off the attack after a mere two overs. One Delhi cricket aficionado said Kalra's mindset was conditioned by the lack of league or inter-school competition structure that better organised associations of Mumbai, Tamil Nadu or Karnataka boasted of.
“In Delhi aspiring players make do with plenty of weekend matches within their nets or in the many tournaments. Because of the loose structure of these events, competition for berths in teams is stiff. Teams want performers in the playing XI. Thus batsmen need to be consistent. Or they'll get dumped. There is no question of nurturing players. Manjot learned his lessons quickly enough. He didn't have clout but made up for it with performance.”
Another cricketer who had played lots of tournaments in Delhi pointed out that the capital's cricket was not about the game only.
“You need a certain kind of aggression both on and off the field. If you are quiet or withdrawn you'll be sidelined in the nets, playing eleven and in matches. You need this sort of edge off the field too, and this can be seen in their major success stories, Virat Kohli, Gautham Gambhir and others.
“Manjot too is like that. There is an aggression and street smartness in his cricket and approach. These have made him successful.”
Maybe a part of that was thrust on him. Kalra had represented Delhi in BCCI's Under-16 tournaments but when he appeared for the Delhi Under-19 team there were complaints about him being over-age.
This was the period when Delhi & District Cricket Association (DDCA) was being pilloried for all sorts of things and some made a name just by attacking the association. One former Test cricketer filed a police case alleging that Kalra was over age.
The batsman submitted his CBSE class X certificate, copy of passport, pan card all of which corroborated that his date of birth was 15 January, 1999. But with disgruntled parents and a couple of anti-establishment former cricketers kicking up a row, DDCA was forced to send the boy to BCCI's medical age-verification test. Needless to add he came through unscathed.
This approach by disgruntled elements in Delhi was a bit of a puzzle. Even if he was over age, that ought to have been tackled at the Under-16 level where genuine under-age boys need to be protected from stronger and more powerful lads. However, by the time a cricketer is 17 or 18 he ought to be ready to play with men. The better youngsters improve by leaps and bounds when they compete with or against men.
In any case, all this controversy did not affect the lad. It made him tougher. He slammed 742 runs in nine Cooch-Behar Trophy matches and made it to the Indian Under-19 squad on their tour of England in 2017. Against them, in a Test, he made a century batting at number four. This ensured his berth in the squad for the World Cup.
In the opening match, also against Australia, he made a cracking 86 and shared in a 180-run stand with Shaw. That partnership improved on the record 179-run opening stand between Shikhar Dhawan and Robin Uthappa way back in 2004.
Another notable innings was the one against the impressive pace attack of Pakistan. Kalra made 47 as he and Shaw (41) added 89 for the opening wicket.
The best aspect of the youngster's batting is that he plays close to the body and likes to work the ball to the leg. This will stand him in good stead in conventional cricket too where the new, red ball does a bit in the air and off the pitch.
However, the question India's cricket followers would be keen to know is: Will Kalra be the latest in the line of excellent opening batsmen the capital has given Indian cricket? Leave aside Chetan Chauhan, Raman Lamba or even Manoj Prabhakar. The more recent ones, Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir and Dhawan have enriched the performance of the national team. Would Kalra be Delhi's next opening batsman to adorn Indian cricket's ranks?
He has the ability and the performance to match it. He just needs to be thrown into the deep end to find out if he has it in him to swim with the big fish. That might happen sooner than expected.
Share:
Islamabad - Pakistan and the United States on Tuesday reaffirmed the commitment to the common goal of peace and stability in the region and discussed measures towards that end. They also agreed on continued engagement at multiple levels.
Both sides expressed this resolve during a meeting between US Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary Alice G Wells and Army Chief Gen Qamar Javed Bajwa in Rawalpindi.
According to the ISPR, during the meeting, issues of mutual interest, regional security and cooperation between both the countries came under discussion.
Wells commended the sacrifices and resilience of the people and armed forces of Pakistan and appreciated the role Pakistan Army in battling the scourge of terrorism.
Separately, a press release issued by the US Embassy said that Ambassador Alice Wells visited Islamabad from July 1 to July 3.
Ambassador Wells met with Caretaker Finance Minister Shamshad Akhtar, Foreign Secretary Tehmina Janjua, Gen Qamar Bajwa and Chief of General Staff Lt-Gen Bilal Akbar during her stay in Pakistan. She also met with business leaders and ambassadors from other embassies in Islamabad.
It said that Ambassador Wells' visit focused on the role that Pakistan can play in achieving a peaceful resolution to the conflict in Afghanistan.
“Ambassador Wells discussed Pakistan's stated commitment to eliminating all terrorist groups present within its borders, as well as our shared interest in building economic and commercial ties that benefit both nations,” it said.
In her meeting with Shamshad Akhtar, Alice Wells discussed the current state of Pak-US relations with particular focus on economic cooperation. The overall security situation in the region also came under discussion.
The finance minister said that such bilateral visits enhance understanding of each other's point of view on important issues. She also apprised Ms Wells about the current state of economy and said it was poised to move forward on the path of growth despite difficulties.
Wells said that Pak-US relationship is important and the US would like to carry it forward.
The minister on the occasion also briefed Alice Wells about Pakistan's participation in the recently concluded FATF meeting at Paris, France. She said Pakistan has reiterated its strong commitment to take every possible step to root out the menace of terror financing and money laundering. Alice Wells appreciated Pakistan's stance on FATF issues.
A NURSE's home has been searched after police arrested a health worker over the deaths of eight babies.
SWNS MURDER PROBE: Lucy Letby's home has been searched after a health worker was arrested
Lucy Letby, 28, has had her home searched by detectives probing the deaths of 17 infants at the Countess of Chester Hospital, Cheshire. Officers are said to have arrived at the home of Ms Letby early on Tuesday. This is hours before police announced a female "healthcare professional” had been arrested on suspicion of eight murders and six counts of attempted murder. Detectives said they are also looking at 15 non-fatal collapses at the unit between March 2015 and July 2016. The arrest comes as part of a long-running investigation following a high number of baby deaths at the hospital.
FACEBOOK NURSE: Lucy Letby worked at the Countess of Chester Hospital
“This is a highly complex and very sensitive investigation” DI Hughes Detective Inspector Paul Hughes, in charge of the investigation for Cheshire Police, said it represented a "significant step forward”. Police are said to have arrived at Ms Letby's home at around 6am, while officers were also seen at her parents' property in Hereford later on Tuesday. Officers have not released the identity of the arrested health worker and did not say if she is a nurse, doctor or other health professional. A neighbour of the nurse in Blacon, Chester, said: "I saw lots of police cars arrive, a few cars then a big police van, and gradually more and more came and they put up the tent."
SWNS CHESHIRE POLICE: Officers enter Lucy Letby's home in Arran Avenue
According to locals, officers moved a small, silver Suzuki car with an NHS parking permit from the driveway of the address to erect the tent. In a 2013 interview with the Chester And District Standard, Ms Letby said she cared for babies requiring various levels of support. She had worked on the unit as a student nurse during three years of training before qualifying as a children's nurse at The University of Chester in 2011. Ms Letby said she began working on the unit after graduating.
FACEBOOK PROBE: Lucy Letby's home was searched as part of the 'complex and sensitive' investigation
Detectives launched an investigation into infant deaths at the hospital in May last year, initially looking at the deaths of 15 babies between June 2015 and June 2016. On Tuesday police said the probe had widened to include a total of 17 deaths and 15 non-fatal collapses of babies between March 2015 and July 2016. DI Hughes said: "This is a highly complex and very sensitive investigation and, as you can appreciate, we need to ensure we do everything we possibly can to try to establish in detail what has led to these baby deaths and collapses." He added: "Whilst this is a significant step forward in our inquiries, it is important to remember that the investigation is very much active and ongoing at this stage." The detective said the parents of all the babies were continuing to be kept updated and are being supported by specially trained officers.
SWNS COUNTESS OF CHESTER HOSPITAL: Lucy Letby works as a children's nurse of the unit
TV set owners have been reminded of their obligations to pay TV licence fees.
The NBC says the requirement to pay your TV licence has nothing to do with which TV channels you view on your TV set.
Photo: Mark Wilson (Getty Images)
During President Donald Trump's tweet storm from his private shithole known commonly as Mar-a Lago in Florida, the president of coastal Kansas tweeted a gem of sorts that got many wondering what the hell kind of medication he's been taking.
I'm talking, of course, about the nicknames he reportedly gave Attorney General Jeff “King Keebler” Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. According to the Washington Post, Trump referred to the two Cabinet members as Mr. Magoo and Mr. Peepers, respectively.
Here are photos of Sessions and Mr. Magoo:
Photo: Alex Wong (Getty Images), Screenshot: YouTube
Advertisement
And here are photos of Mr. Peepers and Rosenstein:
Screenshot: YouTube, Photo: Win McNamee (Getty Images)
Using in-depth analysis of a plethora of data dating back to Trump's birth year, I will prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that Donald J. Trump made up these glorious nicknames for both Sessions and Rosenstein.
Advertisement
First off, Trump is a liar. He was a liar as a child. He was a liar as a preteen, teen, young adult and middle-aged adult and now as president. In fact, one of Trump's best assets is his ability to lie. He lies about lying and then lies about that. He will lie about lies that are easily disapproved and then lie about having ever lied.
The data analytics show that 82.32 percent of anything Trump says is a lie, so when Trump says that he never called Sessions “Mr. Magoo” and Rosenstein “Mr. Peepers,” it's safe to assume that he's lying. If Trump tells you it's Monday, check your Apple Watch and then check it again, because there is a good chance that he's lying.
Trump is such a liar that he made up an imaginary friend named Jim and once acted as his own publicist to help spread lies about his wealth and his imaginary sex life.
Advertisement
I. Wish. I. Was. Joking.
Second, Trump hates Sessions. He's hated him ever since Sessions recused himself from the Russia investigation. Trump hates Mr. Magoo for not going after special counselor Robert Mueller. Basically, Trump hates Sessions for not protecting Trump.
Advertisement
Trump also hates Rosenstein for picking a special counselor like Robert Mueller. He really despises Robert Mueller. If the White House is The Office and Trump is Michael Scott, then Rosenstein is Toby Flenderson.
Trump hates Rosenstein so much that he wants to fire Rosenstein. Both Democrats and Republicans are urging the president not to do this. In fact, Sessions has gone on record to note that if Rosenstein is fired, then he might have to leave, too. But Trump doesn't care because he hates them both.
Third, Trump loves nicknames. He gives everyone nicknames. Remember “Crazy” Joe Biden, “Low Energy” Jeb Bush and “Wild Bill” Clinton? Hell, he's had several for Hillary Clinton alone. He waffled back and forth between calling her “Crooked,” “Lyin'” and “Heartless” Hillary. He has also created disparaging monikers for James Comey, including “Lying” and “Slippery.”
Advertisement
Trump has made nicknaming the people he doesn't like his thing. It's as connected to the administration as those dumb-ass “Make America Great Again” hats.
Fourth, who the fuck are Mr. Magoo and Mr. Peepers? I know Mr. Magoo vaguely because I'm old, but I'm not Trump old. Turns out Mr. Magoo is a cartoon character that first appeared around the late 1940s, and Mr. Peepers (assuming that Trump isn't referring to the half-monkey, half-man Mr. Peepers played by Chris Kattan on Saturday Night Live) is a character from a 1950s sitcom. Who else but Trump, who loves to nickname people he hates, would go way back to a time when TVs had dials to craft such accurate nicknames?
Finally—and this can't be overlooked—Trump is a liar who lies about lying, and even when he's caught lying, he will lie about having ever said the initial lie. Trump is such a liar that lawyers don't even want to work with him. And lawyers basically get paid to lie! Trump lies so often that even professional liars are like: “Nah, I can't work with him. He lies too much. It makes my lies look pale in comparison.” Basically, Donald Trump is the Russell Westbrook of liars.
Advertisement
So did Trump call Jeff Sessions “Mr. Magoo” and Rod Rosenstein “Mr. Peepers”? Of course he did.
That's just science.
Ask anyone what causes a sudden coronary attack and they will say it's the result of high blood cholesterol, lack of exercise, obesity or smoking. Now, a report in LifeExtension magazine says doctors must start thinking endothelium. I'd bet few readers could even spell this word. So why is it so vital? And what natural remedies make it healthy?
The endothelium is the ultra-thin, one cell thick, innermost lining of arteries. It produces nitric oxide. And it's ironic that just this single layer of cells, if unhealthy, results in decreased blood circulation, hardening of arteries, and is a major cause of the big killers: high blood pressure, heart attack and stroke.
During our early years, a youthful endothelium is due to nitric oxide (NO). But as we age, our body's production of NO decreases, and any of the three big threats can prematurely end our lives.
Researchers report that the typical North American diet ingests daily 4 to 5 grams of arginine, an amino acid. These are broken down in the body by a number of enzymes, one being nitric oxide synthase eNOS, creating nitric oxide.
During this physiological process, endothelium is constantly exposed to oxygen-rich arterial blood. Without oxygen we would die, but oxygen also produces a metabolic reaction, called oxidation, that destroys some eNOS.
So how can we boost the production of NO as we age and decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease? Until recently, this presented a challenge for doctors.
A good start is to eat dark leafy vegetables such as spinach, drink apple juice and eat small amounts of dark chocolate. If you enjoy a glass of red wine with dinner this also adds to the amount of nitric oxide. It's also prudent to take a brisk walk daily as this has the same effect. There are also a couple of natural remedies.
Researchers at LifeExtension report that both laboratory and human studies show that pomegranate extracts can lower blood pressure, triglycerides and improve HDL, the good cholesterol.
Equally important, pomegranate has also been found to protect the eNos enzyme from the oxidative chemical stresses that damage it. This results in increased levels of nitric oxide which can shrink atherosclerotic plaques, increase blood flow and decrease hypertension.
Since I had a heart attack at 74 years of age, I'm always looking for ways to boost my level of nitric oxide. So I've added a small amount of pomegranate concentrate to my diet. I don't have a weight problem but since pomegranate extracts contain sugar, this is the last ingredient many North Americans need if they're fighting obesity. In addition, researchers do not yet know the exact dose of pomegranate needed for cardiovascular health.
So for several years I've also boosted nitric oxide by using a safe, easy, natural remedy, NEO40. Dr. Nathan S. Bryan at the University of Texas, a world authority on nitric oxide, says NEO40 is effective because it contains L-citrulline, vitamin C, beet root and hawthorne.
For years doctors have known that nitroglycerine eases coronary pain by dilating arteries. But the mystery was why arteries expanded. Three Nobel Prize winners have now proven it is due to the miracle molecule, NO.
Why a “miracle molecule”? Because NO also helps to decrease the risk of diabetes complications by increasing circulation, easing nerve and joint inflammation, Researchers at the University of Calgary also report that patients suffering from depression show significantly lower levels of Nitric Oxide.
Since NEO40 increases blood supply to all organs in nanoseconds, it's also helpful for those suffering from erectile dysfunction. And, if you're planning a trip to a high altitude region, you will be less likely to be affected by high altitude sickness if you start taking NEO40 before leaving.
For all problems, one tablet, slowly dissolved in the mouth in the morning and at bedtime for two weeks will help to establish a blood level of Nitric Oxide. Later, one tablet should be taken every morning. NEO40 is available at Health Food Stores.
Next week: How knowing the right answers about the flu can save your life.
EDITOR'S NOTE: The column does not constitute medical advice and is not meant to diagnose, treat, prevent or cure disease. Please contact your doctor. The information provided is for informational purposes only and are the views solely of the author. See Docgiff.com. For comments; info@docgiff.com
A MAN died after he was shot by an unidentified assailant in Barangay Gun-ob, Lapu-lapu City on Sunday morning.
Martin Pahimutang, a resident of Purok Caimito in Barangay Gun-ob, was reportedly seen holding a pipe and was in an apparent fight with an unidentified person.
Neighbors of the Pahimutang heard multiple gunshots and found the victim bleeding on the ground.
ADVERTISEMENT
The victim was rushed to the hospital but was declared dead on arrival.
Investigators have not identified the assailant yet.
With 41.5 seconds remaining in the first half of Edgerton's game vs. Hills-Beaver Creek on February 10, Mason Sluis joined 14 other players that have donned the Flying Dutchmen basketball uniform who have scored over a thousand career points. It was a bucket that Dutchmen fans have seen many times, when Sluis turned a steal into a lay-up.
Sluis is the ninth boy to reach the scoring plateau and the fourth coached by Doug Van Kley. Van Kley, who has seen Jordan Menning (1,225), Travis Rieck (1,060), and Zach Hadler (1,040) previously eclipse the 1,000-point scoring plateau, said it's players like Sluis that keep him in coaching.
For the complete article, please see the February 15th edition of the Edgerton Enterprise!
HOLIDAYING Brits are bracing for summer plans being thrown into chaos after Ryanair pilots voted for a walkout next week.
GETTY TRAVEL TURMOIL: Almost 100 pilots working for Ryanair in Ireland will stop work on July 12
Almost 100 pilots working for Ryanair in Ireland have voted to stop work on July 12 for 24 hours, as more staff threaten to strike. Disgruntled staff are demanding changes to arrangements for transferring flight crew between European and north African bases as well as seniority and holiday arrangements. The pilots' union said its request for talks with Ryanair “had been met with a threat to move Dublin-based aircraft and pilots to other airports and cut promotion opportunities”.
Travel CHAOS as heatwave hits UK Travel chaos hits again, as the UK's temperatures top 30C 1 / 6 PA Soaring temperatures buckled rails at Wishaw near Glasgow
The announcement comes as Ryanair cabin crew from across Europe and North Africa hold a press conference where they will announce a list of demands they expect the company to fix, or face more strikes. Brits could be thrown further into travel turmoil if the cabin crew also decide to stage a walkout. The cabin crews' union say pay, “draconian disciplinary procedures, unachievable sales targets, and staff having to pay for items that most decent employers provide” are among their complaints.
GETTY WALKOUT: Brits are bracing for more strike action as summer plans are thrown into chaos
“Ryanair is disappointed by this strike notice which is unnecessary” Ryanair spokesman Ryanair said it was their were “disappointed” with the pilots' decision to strike, calling the walkout “unnecessary”. “Ryanair is disappointed by this strike notice which is unnecessary, given that it has already forwarded to Fórsa draft proposals on recognition, base transfers, a seniority list for all Irish pilots and a new annual leave system based on seniority,” the airline claimed. Travel agents have pleaded with both sides to come to a resolution, warning that a strike will cause “major distress” to holidaymakers.
The hottest hot cabin crews From Easyjet to Norwegian Airlines, meet the hottest flight attendants. 1 / 30
PITTSBURGH (AP) — The Pittsburgh Steelers backups assured the Cleveland Browns of the top pick in the 2017 draft. Landry Jones hit Cobi Hamilton with a 26-yard touchdown with 2:57 left in overtime and the Steelers edged the Browns 27-24 on Sunday. Robert Griffin III passed for 232 yards with two touchdowns and an interception, but Cleveland missed a chance to beat the Steelers on the road for the first time since 2003 when it squandered a couple of golden opportunities late.
CINCINNATI (AP) — Andy Dalton completed his first 10 passes, one of them for a touchdown, and Rex Burkhead ran for a pair of touchdowns and the Cincinnati Bengals beat Baltimore 27-10 on Sunday, their fifth straight win at home over the Ravens. The Bengals missed out on the playoffs for the first time in six years and haven't won a playoff game in 26 years, the sixth-longest streak in NFL history. Coach Marvin Lewis says he'll return in 2017.
CINCINNATI (AP) — Jarron Cumberland scored a career-high 19 points and No. 23 Cincinnati routed Tulane 92-56 on Sunday night. Cincinnati was picked to win the conference in the preseason coaches' poll, and Tulane was pegged last. The disparity was evident on the court, as UC handed Tulane its most lopsided loss of the season.
CHAMAPAIGN, Ill. (AP) — Malcolm Hill scored 20 points to help Illinois escape with a 75-70 win over Ohio State on Sunday night. The Illini built a lead that reached as much as 15 points in the latter part of the first half after the Buckeyes went through a couple of scoring droughts. JaQuan Lyle led Ohio State with 26 points.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — In the end, the Ohio State Buckeyes' youth and inexperience was exploited by Clemson in the desert. On the bright side, most of the team that reached the College Football Playoff with only six returning starters will be back next year, likely including quarterback J.T. Barrett. Barrett struggled and the play-calling was suspect on Saturday night as Ohio State was routed by Deshaun Watson and Clemson 31-0.
DENISE Van Outen showed she's the ultimate loose woman in an eye-popping display.
Instagram DENISE VAN OUTEN INSTAGRAM: The Loose Women panellist bared her non-surgical bum lift results
The Loose Women panellist, who celebrated her 44th birthday in May, continues to wow fans with her youthful appearance. Taking to her Denise Van Outen Instagram, the starlet offered a sneak peek into how she manages to maintain her bombshell status. Allowing her 285k followers to get up-close-and-personal, Denise — who has one child with ex-husband Lee Mead, 36 — posted a video of herself having a non-surgical bum lift. Lying face down on a fold-out bed, the presenter laid herself bare, wearing nothing but a black lace thong and a towel.
Denise Van Outen's sexy snaps Super sexy photos of former Eastenders star Denise Van Outen. 1 / 24
Instagram BLONDE BEAUTY: The 44-year-old allowed fans a sneak peek into her beauty regime
Flashing her perky booty to the masses, Denise left little to the imagination as she gave the camera a thumbs-up. Seemingly in her element, the Essex native appeared relaxed as a professional got to work on her derrière. Captioning the post, Denise informed fans that beautician Shane Cooper — who often performs treatments on Katie Price, 40 — was carrying out a non-surgical procedure. She wrote: "Shane is back getting me all summer ready. Gearing up for my holiday. Nice and peachy. The results are getting better and better all the time."
Celeb booty craze The days of celebs just pouting into their phones and slapping on a few filters to tantalise social media followers are over. The celeb booty pose sweeps social media by the likes of Kylie Jenner, Khloe Kardashian, Ariel Winter and Katie Salmon. 1 / 37
Instagram SKIN DEEP: Denise also underwent a non-invasive facial during the pampering session
“Nice and peachy” Denise Van Outen Denise added: "All treatments are non-surgical and non-invasive. This is not a paid post." The starlet also shared footage of herself getting a facial. Needless to say, fans were quick to comment on Denise's candid update. One admirer wrote: "Ooh, nice booty, missus." While another said: "That bum though... You single?" followed by a heart-eyed emoji.
Shocking celeb surgery All of Hollywood's plastic isn't just in their wallets, it's all over their faces, boobs, bums and tums... 1 / 45 Ellie Young/Instagram Big Brother's Ellie Young strips topless to debut boob job results
Instagram SCORHING HOT: The mum-of-one sizzled in this bikini body reveal
JACK WILSHERE looks set to sign for West Ham after odds of a deal were heavily slashed this afternoon.
The midfielder's future has been up in the air since the 26-year-old announced he was leaving Arsenal. Wilshere's contract has expired at the Emirates after Unai Emery told him his game time would be limited moving forward. The England star, who missed out on a place at the World Cup, has been weighing up his options. West Ham, Crystal Palace, Everton and Fenerbahce have been linked most with interest. And reports in Turkey went as far as to suggest Wilshere was ready to sign for Fenerbahce this week.
GETTY Jack Wilshere has left Arsenal after his contract expired at the end of June
England Player Ratings: Jordan Pickford the hero in penalty shootout win over Colombia ENGLAND won on penalties against Colombia to advance to the World Cup quarter-final tonight - here are our player ratings for the Three Lions. 1 / 15 GETTY England: Team average - 6.53
However, it appears those claims were indeed premature as there has been a sudden shift in momentum again. West Ham are now as short as 1/8 with SkyBet to be Wilshere's next club. Fenerbahce, who were priced at 1/9 a few days ago, have drifted to 5/1 as second favourites. Palace and Everton, meanwhile, are rank outsiders now at 16/1, with the London Stadium seemingly going to be Wilshere's destination. West Ham have been wary of the now former Arsenal star's injury record, but a contract agreement could now be very close. Manuel Pellegrini has signed Ryan Fredericks, Lukasz Fabianski and Issa Diop so far.
GETTY Jack Wilshere was a boyhood supporter of West Ham
WBC heavyweight champion Deontay Wilder was arrested and charged with second-degree misdemeanor marijuana possession on Wednesday in Tuscaloosa, Alabama.
He was later released on $1,000 bond.
Paul Patterson, Wilder's attorney, told the Tuscaloosa News that the drugs didn't belong to Wilder, citing someone who used his Cadillac Escalade while he was out of town.
Wilder was first stopped for a window-tint violation.
Wilder last fought in February, a fifth-round knockout of Gerald Washington.
0 British police declare major incident after man and woman exposed to unknown substance near Salisbury
LONDON — British police declared a major incident Wednesday after a man and a woman were exposed to an unknown substance close to the city of Salisbury, where a Russian former spy and his daughter were poisoned with nerve agent four months ago.
Emergency services were called to the town of Amesbury in Wiltshire county in southern England, after the pair, both in their 40s, were found unconscious in a property Saturday evening.
“They are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital. They are both in a critical condition,” Wiltshire Police said in a statement.
Police said the two were initially thought to have used heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs, but that more testing was now being carried out to determine the nature of the substance.
British tabloid newspaper The Sun reported that the two were poisoned and that samples were sent to Porton Down, the nearby government laboratory, for testing.
The Sun reported that security chiefs fear that they could have been poisoned with same batch of Soviet-developed nerve agent used on Sergei Skripal, 66, and his daughter Yulia, 33, who were found unresponsive on a bench about 10 miles away in Salisbury on March 4.
More: Former Russian spy Sergei Skripal discharged from hospital after poisoning
Related: Yulia Skripal says nerve agent recovery slow and painful
London's Metropolitan Police Service said that counterterrorism officers were working with local police on the investigation, “given the recent events in Salisbury."
The places the Amesbury pair — whose identities weren't immediately released — frequented before they became ill have been cordoned off in Amesbury and Salisbury as a precaution and police patrols have increased. The Sun reported that they are not known to have any links to Russia or security services.
Public health officials said there is not believed to be a significant health risk to the public, but this “will be continually assessed as further information becomes known.”
More: Who is Sergei Skripal? Russian spy found unconscious in English park sparks intrigue
Britain says the Skripals were poisoned with Novichok nerve agent and blames Russia. The Kremlin denies any responsibility. Sergei Skripal was jailed in Russia in 2006 for passing state secrets to Britain. He was released as part of a spy swap in 2010 and moved to Salisbury.
That poisoning incident has soured relations between Russia and many British allies including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats on both sides.
Yulia was discharged from Salisbury District Hospital in April and her father was discharged from the same hospital in May. Both were taken to an undisclosed location for their protection.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
My problem with the world is that it seems to think it is possible to embrace the rights of sex workers and still stigmatize the men who employ them. I am in a happy monogamish marriage, and I enjoy a very good, vanilla-but-bordering-on-tantric sex life with my wife. Early on, when we discussed how open our marriage should be, we decided it would be all right for me to see escorts several times a year. This gives me some sexual variety and keeps her from feeling threatened by my becoming emotionally involved with a third party.
She is very mono and has no interest in going outside the marriage for sex. My quarrel with you has to do with your oft-repeated advice that people should break things off with partners who don't perform oral sex. My wife doesn't like to give head—and I really don't like getting it from her, since she doesn't like doing it. It is, however, one of the things on my list for my quarterly pro session. So I go down on her, she doesn't go down on me, and I see escorts who do. And…
It Works For Us
In regards to your first complaint, IWFU, there are sex workers out there fighting for their rights and fighting the stigma against sex work—along with fighting prohibition, the Nordic Model, and SESTA (google it)—but you don't see the men who employ them stepping up and joining the fight.
“[It's time for] all of you clients out there [to] get off your duffs and fight,” as sex worker and sex-worker-rights advocate Maggie McNeill wrote on her blog. “Regular clients outnumber full-time whores by at least 60 to 1. Gentlemen, I suggest you rethink your current silence, unless you want to be the next one with your name and picture splashed across newspapers, TV screens, and websites.”
In regards to your second complaint, IWFU, it is true that I've said—on one or two occasions—that oral comes standard and any model that arrives without oral should be returned to the lot. I've also said that you can't be in an LTR without paying the price of admission, and I've said that a lot more often. If not getting oral at home is the price of admission you're willing to pay to be with your wife, and if allowing you to get oral elsewhere is the price of admission she's willing to pay to be with you, then Godspeed, IWFU, and tip the sex workers you patronize and speak up to fight the stigma against doing sex work and hiring sex workers.
I am a 38-year-old gay man with a serious problem. My boyfriend of five years has developed a strange fascination. We've always watched porn together, but now he has been looking at straight porn and even lesbian porn (!!!) more and more often. More than once he has expressed an interest in having a MMF threesome—and he's a self-proclaimed gold-star gay! This week, I discovered he had hidden a Fleshlight from me. I could tell he had used it. What is going on with him? On the other hand, we still have sex pretty frequently. He really gets off when I call his ass a “pussy,” which I'll do to turn him on, but I find it pretty weird. He also tells me he gets off on the thought of the two of us fucking a woman together. This really seems bizarre! Could my beautiful bottom boy be turning bi? If he is, I don't know how we can handle it.
Guy Alarmed, Yeah, By Younger Boyfriend's Interest
Turning bi? Unlikely.
Always was bi and only just realized it? Likelier.
Always was bi but identified as gay because (1) he prefers men as romantic partners and (2) the biphobia he encountered in gay male spaces/bedrooms/buttholes convinced him to stay closeted but he doesn't want to live a lie anymore and he's done hiding from the man he loves but instead of using his words and coming out to you like a grown-up, GAYBYBI, your boyfriend is letting you know he's bi with his porn choices and a big push to make a MMF threesome sound like a sexy adventure you would both enjoy? Likeliest.
As for how to handle it, GAYBYBI, you'll have to use your words: Ask your boyfriend if he's bi. (Spoiler: He's bi, bicurious, or so homoflexible he could tour with Cirque du Soleil.) If you're not interested in having sex with women, tell him so. If being with you means he can never have sex with a woman, tell him so. And if you would never knowingly date a bi guy, tell him he deserves better.
A relationship question that doesn't involve sex: Occasionally when two people live together, they bump into each other or one may get in the way of the other. Is it reasonable to be put off if rather than simply hearing “Excuse me” when you are inadvertently in someone's way, the person trying to gain access says, “Do you have to stand there?”
Just Seems Rude
People who are courteous to strangers (“Excuse me, can I squeeze past you?”) and contemptuous with intimate partners (“Do you have to stand there, you fucking dumbass?”) don't value their partners and don't deserve intimacy. People who are assholes to everyone doesn't deserve intimacy either, of course, but they get points for being consistent.
I recently posted an online ad for a jack-off buddy. I got a response from a man who turned out to be a gorgeous, young Sri Lankan dude with a huge, beautiful uncut cock. Anyway, I was really looking forward to him jacking me off and vice versa. But when I arrived, he said he was only interested in me giving him a massage and then a handjob. Apparently, he's a straight guy who wanted to experiment with men in a very limited way. Like I said, SUPER HOT, so I happily obliged. But after he came, I was really aching for release myself. But as I stated earlier, he made it clear he did not want to reciprocate. After we were finished, he indicated that he might hit me up again. Do you think I should continue with the massage and “happy ending” in hopes he will someday feel comfortable enough to reciprocate? Or should I just go ahead and find myself another jack-off buddy?
Craving Uncut Masculine Sri Lankan
Another jack-off buddy? No, no. Additional jack-off buddy.
I recently spent a wonderful weekend with a young woman from out of town who identifies as queer and poly. Being the curious guy I am, I had her explain what these things meant to her. She went on to say that she is considering changing from poly to nonmonogamous. I find this confusing. I'm certainly nonmonogamous, but I've never thought of myself as poly. What is the difference?
Confused Over Lines Inside Names
I would describe the difference as googleable, COLIN. But since you asked: A nonmonogamous person has sex with their partner and others; a poly person has or is open to having committed and concurrent romantic relationships. For one example: An ethically nonmonogamous woman fucks the boyfriend/husband she loves and other guys she doesn't; a poly woman has two (or more) guys she both loves and fucks.
On the Lovecast, “Ask a Fuck-Up!”: savagelovecast.com.
[email protected]
@fakedansavage on Twitter
ITMFA.org
LONDON (CNNMoney) -- French workers have won the right to ignore business emails that arrive after hours.
A new labor law that took effect on Sunday gives employees the "right to disconnect" from email, smartphones and other electronic leashes once their working day has ended.
"These measures are designed to ensure respect for rest periods and ... balance between work and family and personal life," the Ministry of Labor said in a statement.
The rule requires companies with 50 or more employees to negotiate new out-of-office email guidelines with staff. Firms have a duty to regulate the use of emails to ensure employees get a break from the office.
If management and staff cannot agree on new rules, the firm must publish a charter to define and regulate when employees should be able to switch off.
French unions have long pushed for a "disconnect" rule, saying digital technologies have created an "explosion of undeclared labor" that is forcing employees to work outside the typical work week.
Some French companies have already put rules in place to bar employees from using their work devices after hours. Some firms even completely shut down their email systems overnight.
The email rule is the latest in a series of measures designed to overhaul France's labor laws.
The government last year introduced new rules that make it easier for employers to fire workers and reduce overtime pay. The changes resulted in crippling strikes.
The country's 35-hour work week has been in place since 2000, but various reforms have softened these rules over time and some industries are granted special exceptions.
France's economy has been stagnating for years and many multinational firms take a dim view of French business regulations.
The International Monetary Fund expects France's economy will grow by 1.3% this year, on a par with 2016.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Doris L. Miller, 80, died at 7:37 a.m. Saturday, March 17, 2018, at Calhoun Nursing and Rehab.
Visitation will be 5-8 p.m. Wednesday, March 21, at Gress, Kallal and Schaaf Funeral Home in Hardin. Mass of Christian burial will be at 10 a.m. Thursday, March 22, at St. Norbert's Catholic Church in Hardin. Burial will follow at St. Norbert's Cemetery in Hardin.
Transparency International UK has listed two London houses suspected to be owned by Nigeria's Senate President, Bukola Saraki for investigation under Britain's new law, Unexplained Wealth Orders, which became effective from 31 January.
According to TI, Land Registry documents show that the houses at 7 and 8 Whittaker Street, Belgravia, London are owned by Landfield International Developments Limited and Renocon Property Development Limited.
Based on current market estimates by Zoopla, the properties are worth a combined total of around £15 million.
According to data released as part of the Panama Papers, these companies were controlled by Toyin Saraki, the wife of the President of the Nigerian Senate, Bukola Saraki, as well as one of his personal aides. At the time of these revelations, none of these offshore holdings were reported in Saraki's official asset declarations.
Previous public disclosures by Saraki have indicated he has high levels of unexplained wealth, Transparency International said.
In 2003, his asset declaration showed he had amassed tens of millions of pounds worth of assets during his time as director of Société Générale Bank and Special Assistant to the President on Budget.
The explanation he provided for these acquisitions was stated simply as “business”. Saraki is involved in an ongoing court case around allegations of false asset declarations from his tenure as Governor of Kwara state.
In a previous interview with The Guardian, Saraki said he had declared all his assets correctly and in accordance with Nigerian legislation.
Other assets listed for probe by Transparency International include a £18m property at Kenwood Gate, Hampstead, owned by the First Family of Azerbaijan, Flats 138A and 138B at 4 Whitehall Court, London, linked with Igor Shuvalov, Russian First Deputy Prime Minister. The flats are valued at £11.4million.
There are also a £1m property in Guildford linked with Ahmed Mahmoud Azwai, former Libyan Major General and two apartments at Park Lane, said to be owned by former Pakistani prime minister, Nawaz Sharif.
Unexplained Wealth Orders (UWOs) are a new investigative power designed to help law enforcement act on corrupt assets.
The Orders, Transparency said, are particularly useful where there is no realistic prospect of cooperation or conviction in the country of origin, but there are sufficient grounds for suspicion that an asset has been acquired with the proceeds of corruption.
After an application from an enforcement authority[1], a high court judge can give notice of a UWO only if she is satisfied that the respondent is likely to be the owner of suspicious wealth beyond his means, and if all of the following tests are met:
* The respondent is a Politically Exposed Person[2] (PEP) outside of the EEA; or there are reasonable grounds to suspect that the respondent is or has been involved in serious crime
*The respondent's known income is insufficient to obtain the asset
*The value of the asset is greater than £50,000
The UWO requires the respondent to explain how he lawfully acquired his assets. If he fails to respond or gives an inadequate response then this extra information can be used in a separate civil recovery process (an existing measure under the Proceeds of Crime Act) if law enforcement has gathered sufficient evidence.
The U.K. estimates that around £90 billion ($127 billion, 102 billion euros) of illegal funds are laundered through Britain every year and this includes money stolen from the Nigerian treasury.
Now officials will use the new unexplained wealth orders (UWOs), which came into effect this week, to seize suspicious assets and hold them until they have been properly accounted for, Ben Wallace, Security and Economic Crime Minister told The Times newspaper on Saturday.
The main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) holds its 36th general congress this weekend ahead of three crucial elections in 2019, with the party chairman to be elected on Saturday.
The party struggles to determine its candidate for the 2019 presidential elections and has yet to announce a name; therefore the congress is important to choose the leader and cadres that will lead the party to the local, general and presidential elections.
Incumbent Chairman Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu, who has led the party since 2010, is the front runner for party chairmanship in the congress. Three other candidates also declared their intentions to run against Kılıçdaroğlu, but they need at least 10 percent of the 1,266 party delegates to back their cause.
Yalova deputy Muharrem Ince, a former deputy group chairman for the party, is the leading candidate against Kılıçdaroğlu. Ince ran for the chairmanship against Kılıçdaroğlu in the party's 2014 congress, in which 740 delegates voted for Kılıçdaroğlu and 415 for Ince.
Ince was expected to comfortably reach the required number of signatures, and was nominated by 165 delegates on Saturday.
However, an argument broke out later in the congress as 49 delegates backed both Kılıçdaroğlu and Ince, putting Ince's nomination at risk. CHP officials stated that Kılıçdaroğlu wanted the 49 signatures counted for Ince, whereas Ince, who criticized the nomination process prior to the congress and during his speech at the congress, responded that the CHP administration is trying to undermine his support by the argument.
Former Istanbul Bar Association head Ümit Kocasakal and Ömer Faruk Eminağaoğlu, former head of the Judges and Prosecutors Association (YARSAV), have also announced their candidacies for party chairmanship, but they could not collect the required number of signatures.
Kılıçdaroğlu has come under fire from within the party as he has lost the national vote eight times in elections and referendums since taking office in 2010 after previous Chairman Deniz Baykal resigned amid a sex tape scandal. Unrest in the CHP has also risen since last May when Mersin Deputy Fikri Sağlar was referred to the disciplinary committee due to his criticism of Kılıçdaroğlu. The party's deputy head, Selin Sayek Böke, also resigned, igniting heated debates questioning democracy in the party.
The CHP received 25.31 percent of the votes and 133 seats in Parliament in the Nov. 1, 2015 general elections. Many CHP deputies previously criticized the party's vote distribution, claiming that 25 percent of votes is not a success.
However, the constitutional reform and presidential system referendum on April 16, 2017, with CHP being the leading force in the "No" campaign, ended in a close race with 51.4 percent of the electorate backing the changes and "No" votes leading in all major cities. The party aims to capitalize on this result and expand this voter base in the 2019 elections.
(Reuters Health) - Even though window coverings have been recognized for decades as a safety hazard to children, injuries from blinds and shades still send many kids to the emergency room each year, a U.S. study suggests.
Almost 17,000 children under age 6 were treated for injuries from window blinds in U.S. emergency departments from 1990 to 2015, researchers report online December 11 in Pediatrics. That translates to an injury rate of almost 3 out of every 100,000 kids.
Most of the time, the injuries weren't serious. But there were 228 cases when young children caught their necks in cords and two-thirds of these injuries were fatal.
While the majority of children were treated and released, there was still about one child death each month - most from strangulation when a child became entangled by the neck in a window blind cord.
“The findings of this study confirm that children continue to die from strangulation on window blind cords,” said senior author Dr. Gary Smith, director of the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio. “This is unacceptable.”
“We've known about this problem since the 1940s,” Smith said by email. “We have had a voluntary safety standard in this country since the mid-1990s and we've had product recalls, and yet we continue to see these deaths.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission approved a petition to develop mandatory safety standards for window coverings in 2014, Smith said. Unlike current voluntary standards designed to reduce the risk of strangulation, the proposed mandatory standards would require all window coverings to be cordless or have cords that are inaccessible to children.
“Cordless technologies are available for most blinds and shades and add little cost to manufacturing,” Smith said. “What we need now is for manufacturers to simply eliminate accessible cords in their products so that children can't gain access to them.”
Almost two-thirds of the injuries children in the study sustained were head injuries, most often cuts, contusions and abrasions.
In almost half of the cases, the blinds struck kids, and cuts were the next most common mechanism of injury. Overall, about 12 percent of cases involved kids getting entangled in cords.
The majority of the cases occurred when parents were home with kids, but adults witnessed very few of the injuries. Often children were put to sleep, playing or watching television when injuries occurred.
When kids were alone, they often were unsupervised for less than 10 minutes before they got hurt.
One limitation of the study is that it only includes cases treated at hospitals and may underestimate the true injury rate associated with window coverings, the authors note. Researchers also lacked detailed information on the exact types of blinds involved in strangulation cases.
Even so, the findings suggest that voluntary safety standards aren't enough to prevent serious injuries, said Dr. Sean Bandzar, an emergency medicine researcher at New York Presbyterian Hospital who wasn't involved in the study.
This means parents need to be vigilant.
“The majority of injuries in this study occurred while children were under the care of parents with the children placed to sleep or playing,” Bandzar said by email. “Better parental supervision should be encouraged.”
Aiming baby monitors or cameras at blinds should help parents keep an eye on kids near windows at night or other times when they're not in the room, he suggested.
If replacing blinds with dangling cords isn't feasible or affordable, parents should focus their efforts on the rooms where kids spend the most time, like bedrooms or living rooms, Smith advised. Moving furniture away from windows so kids don't have an easy way to climb and reach blinds can also help.
Child safety kits designed to keep blinds out of reach don't always prevent kids from getting injured, he added.
“Some of the fixes can provide a false sense of security,” Smith said. “The best way to keep your children safe is to replace all blinds that have cords with either cordless blinds, blinds with inaccessible cords or other types of cordless window coverings, such as interior window shutters.”
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2BUpwxW Pediatrics, online December 11, 2017.
Jeremy London has been arrested.
A rep for the 45-year-old actor confirmed London was arrested after a domestic incident with his wife on Friday and charged with a misdemeanor.
“Earlier today, authorities in Jackson County, Mississippi intervened in a private marital matter, resulting in the arrest of Jeremy London on a misdemeanor charge — standard protocol in an attempt to diffuse an emotionally-charged situation,” London's rep confirmed to ET. “An isolated incident, today's events will be addressed privately by Jeremy and Juliet London and will be used to guide their decisions as a couple moving forward.”
Jackson County Sheriffs Office via Getty Images
London and his wife, Juliet, have been married since 2014, and share a 3-year-old son, Wyatt.
The actor is also father to another son, Lyrik, from his second marriage to Melissa Cunningham, and was charged with domestic violence for a fight with Cunningham in 2012. The charges were dismissed a year later.
RELATED CONTENT:
Naya Rivera Is All Smiles at Her First Public Event Since Domestic Battery Arrest
‘Real Housewives of New York City' Star Luann de Lesseps Charged With Felony After December Arrest
Rose McGowan Arrested for Felony Drug Possession
Let's block ads! (Why?)
News
LAS VEGAS: Five days after the deadliest mass shooting in recent US history, authorities acknowledged on Friday (Oct 6) that they have not uncovered a "clear motive" for the gunman.
"We still do not have a clear motive or reason why," Undersheriff Kevin McMahill of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department told reporters.
"At this time I'll tell you we have no credible information to report to you as to motivation."
Stephen Paddock killed 58 people and left hundreds injured in Las Vegas after raining bullets on a crowd at an open-air country music concert while perched in a 32nd floor hotel room.
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the massacre, but McMahill said authorities had not uncovered "no known nexus" between the militant group and Paddock.
"In the past, terror attacks or mass murder motive was made very clear by a note that was left, by a social media post, by a telephone call that was made, by investigators mining computer data. Today, in our investigation, we don't have any of that uncovered," he said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The official pledged that law enforcement would work with "great tenacity" to uncover the reasons why Paddock carried out the massacre.
From the moment the Outback Bowl pairing was announced, most people figured it would be a game only a punter could love.
Both No. 17 Florida and Iowa brought hard-hitting defenses to Raymond James Stadium, but their offenses had been underwhelming -- to put it kindly -- most of the season. Neither team's identity changed that much Monday, but the Gators came up with all the big plays to run away with a 30-3 victory.
It was no surprise that Florida's defense would dominate. That side of the ball has carried the program to 19 wins and back-to-back SEC East titles the past two years under Jim McElwain, and it continued to shine on Monday despite missing several key players to injury.
Florida's Marcell Harris stuffs Hawkeyes running back Akrum Wadley in the second half. Kim Klement/USA TODAY Sports
Iowa managed just 226 total yards and only threatened to reach the end zone once all game. When the Hawkeyes went for it on fourth-and-goal from the 1-yard line in the first half, Florida blew up the power play and tackled LeShun Daniels Jr. for a loss of two yards. On the second play of the fourth quarter, Chauncey Gardner intercepted C.J. Beathard on third down and took it 58 yards for a back-breaking score.
We knew that defense could make winning plays. Even after a 30-point showing, it remains obvious that the Gators need to find more offensive explosiveness to do more than just slog through the East and get pummeled in the SEC title game again. And it starts with the passing game.
Austin Appleby filled a need at quarterback for the Gators this season after Luke Del Rio's injury, but the graduate transfer from Purdue hardly solved all the issues. Appleby threw two interceptions in Florida's first eight snaps on Monday, both of them coming on tipped balls that Iowa defensive backs played expertly.
Credit Appleby for bouncing back from the rough start, though, and throwing for 222 yards and two touchdowns. The first one came on a seemingly harmless screen pass to Mark Thompson late in the first half. Yet Iowa uncharacteristically missed at least five tackles, and Thompson kept running until he had gone 84 yards and into the end zone.
It was a solid final performance by Appleby. Now the attention turns to the future in Gainesville, where redshirt freshmen Feleipe Franks and Kyle Trask and freshman Jake Allen will battle it out to be the next starter under center. Even with all the wins McElwain has piled up, the pressure will be on to improve the offense to something better than occasionally serviceable but often unsightly.
Iowa also will be moving on at the quarterback position. Beathard turned in a gutsy performance in Tampa, but the senior tweaked his hamstring while trying to plow into the end zone in the first half. He was hampered the rest of the way and wasn't moving well at all by the time of his pick-six. He threw two more interceptions in the fourth quarter, including a second one by Gardner.
The Hawkeyes' coaching staff stayed loyal to Beathard and didn't turn the reins over to Nathan Stanley, a true freshman expected to earn the starting job in 2017, until there was 2:58 left. He attempted only one pass. Perhaps Iowa should have followed Penn State's example, which got a jump start on its future when Trace McSorley replaced an injured Christian Hackenberg in last year's TaxSlayer Bowl loss.
Not much has gone right in bowls lately for Kirk Ferentz's program, which lost its fifth straight postseason game. They haven't been all that close, either, as Iowa lost by 17 to Tennessee two years ago and 45-16 to Stanford in last year's Rose Bowl.
A lack of athletes, especially on offense, has been the team's undoing on this stage. Only running back Akrum Wadley showed much burst against Florida, running for 115 yards on 22 carries. He'll be a main building block for the 2017 Hawkeyes, who must find more offensive playmakers.
The same still holds true for the Gators. But after a blowout bowl victory, there should be some optimism and momentum going forward in Gainesville.
WEST BROMWICH, England (AP) — West Bromwich Albion deepened Hull's relegation concerns with a 3-1 victory at the Hawthorns in the English Premier League on Monday.
Robert Snodgrass had given Hull a first-half lead, but Chris Brunt and Gareth McAuley seized on errors and James Morrison also scored in West Brom's comeback.
The victory cemented the central England team's grip on eighth place, while Hull is three points from safety without a win in nine league games.
The Latest: Malaysia arrests woman in N. Korean killing
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) The Latest on the apparent assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother in Malaysia (all times local):
5:50 p.m.
Malaysian police say they have arrested a woman in connection with the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother.
Wednesday's statement says the woman was arrested at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. She was carrying Vietnamese travel documents.
Kim Jong-un's half brother died Monday after suddenly falling ill at the airport. According to a Malaysian government official, Kim told medical workers before he died that he had been attacked with a chemical spray.
It looks like The Royals actress is off the market after she dished on her love life in a tell-all interview this week. And her mystery man will undoubtedly have liked her latest snap that she shared on the official Liz Hurley Instagram page. Posting to her 961K followers, Liz shared a throwback shot from her trip to the Maldives last year. The Austin Powers cast member looked sensational in an ocean blue bikini that effortlessly complemented the crystal clear ocean behind her.
INSTAGRAM/ LIZ HURLEY BIKINI BABE: Liz Hurley wows in tiny two pieces
Elizabeth Hurley's hottest pictures Elizabeth Hurley's hottest pictures 1 / 74
Liz's teeny bikini showed off her bulging bosom in all its glory as Liz transformed into Baywatch babe. Fans flocked to comment on the sizzling snap of the Brit beauty. One follower praised: "You are consistently the sexiest woman on the planet!" While another continued: "How are you doing that?! You look the hottest!
INSTAGRAM/ LIZ HURLEY AGELESS BEAUTY: Liz Hurley never fails to turn up the heat on Instagram
“You are consistently the sexiest woman on the planet!” Instagram user A third added: "Gorgeous my dear." The mum-of-one gave a very candid interview to Grazia magazine earlier this week about the perils of dating as a celebrity. She told the publication: "We've all lived out of suitcases our entire professional lives, passport in our bags the whole time, all of us in the public eye, we just get it." "You never have any ties in our businesses, you can never commit. If I had to fly to New York tomorrow to work I'd go in a heartbeat. People who aren't in that life can find it very difficult to adapt."
Hot celebrities over 40 40 is the new 20, check out the hot list of celebrities over 40 from Mel B to Liz Hurley. 1 / 49 TRIUMPH ESSENCE/WENN Liv Tyler, 40, serves up lashings of sex appeal in sheer lingerie for the Essence by Triumph lingerie campaign
GETTY EX FACTOR: Liz Hurley dated Shane Warne in 2015
GETTY FORMER FLAMES: Liz Hurley dated Hugh Grant early on in her career
The Turkish military and Free Syrian Army (FSA) declared victory over the city of Afrin Sunday, where they launched Operation Olive Branch on Jan. 20 to clear the PKK and its Syrian-affiliated People's Protection Units (YPG) terrorists from northern Syria. However, pictures showing some FSA soldiers looting businesses and belongings that were left behind by families who left the city were leaked on social media, causing outrage among both the FSA and Turkish military leaders since it is an act that is against the main purpose of the operation.
Opposition officials yesterday condemned the reported looting by the FSA forces. The 2nd Division of the FSA released a statement, expressing that two of their fighters were dismissed from duty due to their actions. "The necessary actions being taken," the statement added. Opposition leader Mohamed Alloush also condemned their behavior saying, "The looting and stealing of private and public property is a crime."
Khaled Khoja, a former head of the National Coalition leading opposition body, said: "We were unsettled by the news of some looting from the homes of our people in Afrin." He said the goal of the Turkish-led operation was "to liberate our Kurdish and Arab brothers from the authoritarianism of the YPG and serve them by establishing a civilian administration worthy of the Syrian revolution."
SALEM, Ore. – A man was reported struggling and may have drowned in a Salem lake Wednesday evening.
Witnesses told Salem Fire that at around 5:30 p.m. a man appeared to be doing a backstroke and screaming while in Mission Lake, a fenced-in lake west of the Lowe's off of Mission Street Southeast. The man then disappeared from view.
Fire and police personnel searched the surface and edge of the water but did not find the man.
A dive team will search the lake for a body Thursday morning.
© 2018 KGW
College baseball has been played in Mobile since at least 1889, when the students at Spring Hill College first stepped onto the diamond at Stan Galle Field. Now, more than a century later, the sport remains just as popular.
Along with the Badgers, the Jaguars at the University of South Alabama and the Rams at the University of Mobile are looking for successful campaigns. Here is a glance at their rosters:
Spring Hill College — Head coach Frank Sims, who first took the helm at SHC in 1985 and has since led the Badgers to 822 wins, had a busy off-season. During the summer, the veteran mentor was inducted into the Alabama Baseball Coaches Association Hall of Fame.
Sims has also been overseeing the team's transition from NAIA to NCAA Division II. Since joining the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference, the Badgers have a 34-3 league record. Now in the final campaign before being able to compete for postseason berths, Sims is excited about his latest team.
“I can't say we have that one player this year who stands above the rest,” Sims said, “but this year we have more consistent players who all play at a high level, and that will make us a better team in the long run.”
Among the 19 veterans on the roster are 11 seniors and 13 lettermen.
“This is possibly the most experienced team we've had in years,” Sims said. “We not only have depth this year, but we also have experience in reserve and that is a real benefit in the late innings and as the season goes along.”
Spring Hill had three players named to the SIAC preseason squad. On the first-team unit is senior Michael Druhan of Mobile. On the second-team roster are fellow seniors Ulysses Fluellen and Christian Bahlinger.
Last season, Druhan had a .388 batting average, 40 runs scored, 14 doubles and 11 home runs. He is moving from right field to first base. “Michael is really a first baseman,” Sims said. “This move is where he needs to be for his future and to make us better.”
Fluellen hit .331 with 36 runs scored, 14 doubles, four triples and eight home runs. Bahlinger had a 1.71 earned run average over 63.1 innings and a 7-2 record.
Completing the infield are Keaton Smith at second, Maverick LaTour at shortstop and transfer graduate student Brandon Harigel at third base. Brennan Fontenot moves to catcher following the graduation of Alex Jones, the SIAC Player of the Year.
Fluellen is set in center field. Conner Harrison will play in left field while freshman Justin Collier of Mobile starts in right field.
Returning to the mound with Bahlinger is senior Dylan Kiene of Mobile. Other key hurlers are Justin Whitsett and Jordan Fontenelle. Coming out of the bullpen will be William North, Steven Saucier and Michael Romano.
University of South Alabama — Head coach Mark Calvi led the Jaguars to the school's 16th Sun Belt title and 26th NCAA Regional appearance in 2016. The club closed the season ranked 26th in the final Collegiate Baseball poll.
USA went 42-22 overall and 21-9 in Sun Belt Conference play while advancing to the NCAA Tallahassee Regional final. The Jags also broke the school's single-season fielding percentage record for the second straight season with a league-leading mark of .979, which ranked in the top 10 nationally.
For these efforts, Calvi was named the 2016 Large College Division-Division I Coach of the Year by the Alabama Baseball Coaches Association. He received the same honor in 2013.
Some USA players also were recognized. Shortstop Drew LaBounty and outfielder Travis Swaggerty were named to the preseason all-Sun Belt Conference team.
LaBounty earned first-team all-SBC honors last season after leading the conference and finishing sixth nationally in walks (59). He hit safely in 42 of 63 games played, and batted .291 with five doubles and one triple. Swaggerty earned Louisville Slugger Freshman All-American after finishing second in the conference in walks (42), stolen bases (20) and steal attempts (31). He led USA with a .303 batting average.
In 22 intrasquad games this fall, Swaggerty paced the team in batting average (.348), hits (24), doubles (8) and on-base percentage (.438), and ranked second on the squad with seven stolen bases. Carter Perkins, Brendan Donovan and Jared Barnes tied for second on the team, each with 23 hits. Colton Thomas finished as the team leader with eight stolen bases.
On the mound, right-hander Randy Bell struck out nine batters without issuing a walk and did not allow a run in 11 innings pitched. Right-hander Avery Geyer ranked second on the staff in ERA (1.12), and recorded nine strikeouts against two walks in eight innings pitched. Right-handers Harrison Spruiell and Alex Adair shared the team lead with 20 strikeouts each.
South Alabama was picked to finish second in the SBC East Division behind defending national champion Coastal Carolina. The Jags will open the season Friday when USA hosts Eastern Illinois at 6:30 p.m. at Stanky Field.
University of Mobile — Mike Jacobs is starting his 28th season as the Rams' head coach. Last year, UM finished 33-22 overall and 17-10 in Southern States Athletic Conference games.
In the league's preseason poll, the Rams are picked to finish fourth behind defending champion Faulkner. One of the keys this season will be the right arm of junior pitcher Garrett Waters of Theodore.
Waters was a first-team all-conference pick in 2016 after tying the school record for 10 complete games, while his 111 innings pitched was the second most in a season and his 11 wins the fourth best. In his first start of 2017, he tossed the fifth no-hitter in UM history as he struck out six during a 12-0 win over Midway.
Another key veteran is senior first baseman Chris Hopballe, whose 8-RBI effort against Brewton-Parker last year was second-most all-time at UM while his 57 RBIs was 10th best for a season. He was second-team all-SSAC.
Third baseman Logan Palmer made conference all-freshman squad after tying the school mark with three doubles versus Blue Mountain. Junior second baseman Norberto Torres earned a berth on the league's Gold Glove roster.
Others coming off good seasons are senior outfielder Mason Schoettlin (.316, 6 homers) and senior pitcher Christian Breath (4-3 record, 5.40 ERA). In the Rams' 4-0 start this year, they are hitting .314 as a team and have outscored their opponents 33-9.
TERRIFYING footage has emerged of the moment a home security camera captured something bizarre during the night.
The video shows the porch of a family home as everything appears normal. But as a car drives by slowly, something launches itself through the air and seems to strike the recording device. Some bizarre activity is then captured on the camera lens, before the anomaly takes off once more. The clip was uploaded to YouTube channel UFOmania on May 26, and since then it has gained a mass of popularity, racking up more than 33,000 hits.
UFOMANIA BIZARRE: No one knows what it really is
“That is an evil spirit on the move” YouTube viewer And viewers are convinced an apparition has been captured on camera. One comment read: "That is an evil spirit on the move – time to protect your home." Another added: "That is some crazy s***." And a third even claimed: "There are more than one entity in this clip." It is not the first claim of its kind, though. Earlier this month, CCTV captured the moment an apparent ghost hurled a girl to the floor. /news/weird-news/702671/Ghost-news-spirit-attacks-girl-hurl-floor-CCTV-conspiracy-video And before that, a ghost hunter was left terrified after the discovery he made in a national park. /news/weird-news/702586/Ghost-news-Man-catches-apparition-Lake-Mead-national-park-video
It is not the first claim of its kind, though. Earlier this month, CCTV captured the moment an apparent ghost hurled a girl to the floor. And before that, a ghost hunter was left terrified after the discovery he made in a national park.
The cost of school crossing guards will grow by about $580,000 over the next two years as the minimum wage rises to $15 an hour, a report to the upcoming Toronto Police Services Board shows.
Toronto Police employ 769 school crossing guards who earn hourly wages ranging from 11.90 to $14.44 -- depending on years of service.
Premier Kathleen Wynne is boosting the current minimum wage of $11.60 an hour to $14 on Jan. 1, and then to $15 on Jan. 1, 2019.
The police board estimates the increased cost of bringing school crossing guards up to the new minimum wage will be $230,900 in 2018 and $352,400 in 2019, says the report to Thursday's police services board meeting.
Mayor John Tory said he doesn't begrudge the crossing guards a pay boost given the important work they do protecting children.
“It's not as if they were paid an exorbitant amount of money before,” Tory said Sunday. “And it's not as if they even get that many hours ... They work in this split shift arrangement, in the morning and afternoons.”
However, any time another level of government, usually the province, makes changes that impose costs on municipalities, it can be very challenging, he said.
“They simply have not given us, over time, the flexibility with respect to how we raise money to pay for a lot of this stuff,” Tory said. “And it's very frustrating for me as a mayor and I'm sure for other mayors.”
For example, cannabis legalization brings a host of new responsibilities for cities, and provincial policies around funding shelters “substantially prejudices” Toronto, he said.
The only reason that the school crossing guard pay hike would even be an issue is because it comes on top of a lot of other financial obligations that the city must shoulder, he said.
The provincial government has sent funds for some priorities, including supportive housing, he said.
But the mayor noted he does receive a lot of mail from other levels of governments pleased to inform him of new mandated initiatives.
“And then there's no cheque in the envelope,” Tory said.
The City of Toronto budget committee has already considered the impact of minimum wage hikes on its bottom line -- about $2.3 million over the next two years for parks, forestry and recreation staff alone, and millions more for other labour law changes, including three-hour standby pay and paid emergency leave.
aartuso@postmedia.com
PARIS: The son of Equatorial Guinea's president was put on trial in his absence on Monday in France, accused of buying palatial Parisian properties and exotic cars with money plundered from his native country, a small oil-rich state on Africa's west coast.
Teodorin Obiang, the eldest son of President Teodoro Obiang and a vice-president himself, denies charges of laundering embezzled public funds, which expose him to a sentence of 10 years in jail and huge fines if convicted.
The case is the first of several to reach court in a broader judicial investigation into allegations of illicit acquisitions in France by long-time leaders and family relatives in several African countries including Gabon and Congo Republic.
Obiang stayed away but his lawyer requested that the trial be suspended on the grounds that his client had not been given enough time to properly prepare his defence in a complex case, having been summoned to trial just three weeks ago.
"We're not talking about a moped theft charge," Emmanuel Marsigny, his lawyer in Paris, told Reuters.
Among the acquisitions at the centre of the trial is a large property bought for 25 million euros in 2005 on Paris's upmarket Avenue Foch, with gymnasium, hammam steam room, hair-dressing studio and a discotheque with cinema screen.
In addition to luxury clothing and jewels, prosecutors say Obiang, 48, built up an exceptional collection of costly cars, which along with clothes, jewels and real estate took the value of all his assets to around 100 million euros (US$105 million).
Obiang says his purchases were above-board.
But prosecutors say the assets do not tally with his salary at the time of the purchases. According to a parallel U.S. inquiry, he earned US$80,000 a year as farming and forestry minister, a post that obliged him to refrain from other business dealings.
Beyond Obiang's case, the broader French probe known as the "ill-gotten assets" investigation concerns purchases in France by the family of Gabon leader Ali Bongo as well as Congo Republic leader Denis Sassou Nguesso.
Those two strands of inquiry, police say, concern more than 60 properties in Paris and 200 bank accounts.
The court said when it opened proceedings that it would decide on Wednesday whether the trial slated to end by mid-January would go ahead as planned or be suspended in response to the request from Obiang's lawyer.
(Writing by Brian Love; editing by Peter Graff)
Photo: iStock
An Alabama woman who lost her job after her employer said that dreadlocks “tend to get messy” has petitioned the Supreme Court to decide if the company's policy is discriminatory.
In 2010, Chastity Jones applied for a job at Catastrophe Management Solutions, an insurance-claims-processing company in Mobile, according to AL.com. After Jones was hired, she met with a human resources manager about a scheduling conflict. As she was leaving, court records state, the HR manager informed her that she couldn't work for CMS with dreadlocks. “They tend to get messy,” the manager reportedly said. “I'm not saying yours are, but you know what I'm talking about.”
CMS withdrew the job offer after Jones refused to cut her hair, so she filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. In 2013 the EEOC filed a lawsuit against the company on behalf of Jones, citing Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which prohibits employers with 15 or more employees from discriminating against employees on the basis of sex, race, color, national origin or religion.
Jones lost her federal lawsuit and appealed to an appeals court in 2016, which affirmed the lower court's decision. In its ruling, the appeals court said, “Title VII prohibits discrimination based on immutable traits, and the proposed amended complaint does not assert that dreadlocks—though culturally associated with race—are an immutable characteristic of black persons.”
Advertisement
CMS contends that Jones should not be able to appeal to the Supreme Court because she wasn't technically a party in the EEOC lawsuit against CMA. The company also contends that Jones “has no established right to maintain a chosen hairstyle in the face of an employer's contrary, race-neutral policy,” which says that:
All personnel are expected to be dressed and groomed in a manner that projects a professional and businesslike image while adhering to company and industry standards and/or guidelines. ... [H]airstyle should reflect a business/professional image. No excessive hairstyles or unusual colors are acceptable.
Advertisement
The Supreme Court has not made a decision on whether it will hear the case during the next session. Meanwhile, I'm sure if you sat on a couch at CMS, you wouldn't leave with random locks of blond hair on your shirt.
You know white hair doesn't “tend to get messy.”
Mueller investigating Trump for obstruction of justice, Washington Post reports
Washington (CNN) Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating President Donald Trump for obstruction of justice, the Washington Post reported Wednesday evening.
Mueller is interviewing as early as this week three top intelligence officials as part of the probe, the Post reported, citing “five people briefed on the requests.”
The three officials the Post says Mueller is interviewing are Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers and Richard Ledgett, the recently retired deputy NSA director.
Coats will also meet with members of the Senate intelligence committee Thursday, one week after his tense grilling by the panel, according to a committee source.
It is the most significant sign yet that Mueller's investigation is extending beyond questions of Russian interference in the 2016 election.
The news came the same week as Trump friend Chris Ruddy floated the possibility that Trump would fire Mueller, who was appointed to head up the investigation after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey.
Mark Corallo, a spokesman for Trump's private attorney, Marc Kasowitz, immediately condemned the Post report.
“The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal,” Corallo told CNN.
The White House declined to comment, referring questions to Kasowitz.
The NSA said in a statement that the “NSA will fully cooperate with the special counsel. We are not in a position to comment further.”
A spokesman for the DNI declined to comment to CNN.
Trump wrote in his letter firing Comey that the ousted FBI director had informed him on three separate occasions he was not under investigation. The President has stressed he was not under investigation, and has taken to Twitter to dismiss the entire investigation as a hoax.
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 8, 2017
The report that Trump himself is being scrutinized for obstruction of justice served to undercut Trump's claims.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller, hinted broadly that the special counsel investigation could be looking at Trump during a House committee hearing on Tuesday. When asked about a letter he wrote recommending firing Comey, Rosenstein said that Mueller could be looking into the decision-making process for the firing — and he was therefore “not at liberty to talk about that now.”
Mueller has been tasked with leading the executive branch's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and any potential collusion between Russia and Trump associates.
Mueller met with Sens. Richard Burr and Mark Warner, the Republican and Democratic leadership of the Senate intelligence committee Wednesday.
Comey testified before the Senate intelligence committee last week and confirmed that he gave Mueller the memos he wrote detailing his interactions with Trump ahead of his firing. In one memo, Comey said Trump tried to direct him to drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Comey said he believed Mueller would look into Trump for obstruction of justice.
“I don't think it's for me to say whether the conversation I had with the President was an effort to obstruct,” Comey said. “I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning, but that's a conclusion I'm sure the special counsel will work towards, to try and understand what the intention was there, and whether that's an offense.”
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate judiciary committee, wrote a letter to Chairman Chuck Grassley calling for the judiciary committee to establish its own investigation into obstruction of justice.
Grassley on Tuesday stopped short of ruling out establishing a congressional investigation into the question of whether Trump obstructed justice.
Stewart Lupton, singer of ‘90s rock band Jonathan Fire*Eater, died Sunday at the age of 43, a family member confirmed to Pitchfork. No official cause of death has been announced.
While relatively unknown these days, Jonathan Fire*Eater were arguably the first of the wave of rock bands that burst out of New York in the late 1990s and early ‘00s and helped pave the way for the Strokes, the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Interpol, TV on the Radio and others.
Originally from Washington, D.C., the bandmembers moved to New York and released a self-titled EP in 1995; an album and series of singles followed. At the time the New York rock scene — and alternative music in general — were in a recession from the grunge explosion of the early 1990s, and Jonathan Fire*Eater was one of the few signs of life in the late 1990s. A fierce bidding war ensued and the group ended up signing with Dreamworks SKG, the then-new entertainment company formed by Hollywood moguls Steven Spielberg, Jeffrey Katzenberg and David Geffen.
However, the group's sound, driven by Lupton's drawling vocals and Walter Martin's droning keyboards, didn't really fit in with any genre at the time, and signing with a new label, even one owned by billionaires, is always a gamble; internal troubles compounded the problems. The group released one album on Dreamworks, “Wolf Songs for Lambs,” in 1997 and split the following year. Three of the bandmembers — Martin, Paul Maroon and Matt Barrick — formed The Walkmen, which became another key band of the New York rock scene of the early ‘00s and released several albums before going on hiatus in 2013.
Lupton moved back to Washington D.C. to study poetry at George Washington University, eventually forming a new band, Child Ballads. In 2009, he released an EP called “A Little Give and Take” as part of a project called the Beatin's, but his post-Fire*Eater work drew marginal attention.
“We had played some small show in D.C., and I went online to find some reviews, and all these people were like, ‘What the f— happened to that guy?'” Lupton told the New York Post in 2005 as he was attempting a comeback. “And there were rumors … it was like reading about a ghost. One said, ‘I heard he died.'” He pauses. “That s — has an impact on a person. All the speculations about my psychological well-being – I reached a point where I had to assert the fact that I breathed! And that I was, in fact, making music again.”
However, Jonathan Fire*Eater received its proper due in Lizzy Goodman's sprawling 2017 oral history of the early ‘00s New York scene, “Meet Me in the Bathroom,” which essentially begins with a chapter on the group and its lasting influence.
Judith Barrigas had a question about her taxes, so she called the IRS.
The agency's switchboard connected her with Agent Jimmy Forsyth. They spoke for almost 45 minutes on May 19, 2015, about a potential misapplication of her tax refund in 2014. It appeared the agency had applied her refund to outstanding liabilities from 2011 and 2012, even though she already had a repayment agreement in place.
Not exactly the stuff of thrilling radio.
At some point during that call, though, Barrigas' phone began lighting up like a Skrillex concert. Phone calls and text messages began pouring in. Strangely, Barrigas didn't recognize the numbers. It wasn't until later that she solved the mystery.
Now, she's suing the US, shock jock Howard Stern and the Howard Stern Production Company on grounds of unlawful invasion of privacy and negligence, among other things.
Before taking Barrigas' call, Forsyth had called in to the “The Howard Stern Show,” a long-running talk show airing on Sirius XM satellite radio. The show often attempts to mine anything off-kilter (some, perhaps many, would say in poor taste) for laughs, from men faking orgasms with attractive women to having famous sportscasters prank-call small-market sports shows.
It's unclear exactly why Forsyth had called in to the show. He was placed on hold by a producer and remained in that limbo when he took Barrigas' call on a different line.
Only something happened. Perhaps the lines got crossed, or perhaps he used two different phones and the first picked up audio from the second. Either way, the producers at “The Howard Stern Show” found themselves listening to the private call between Forsyth and Barrigas.
Then, according to the complaint filed Monday in Massachusetts District Court in Boston, they aired it.
Among the personal information that allegedly was broadcast to some of Siruis XM's 30 million subscribers was Barrigas' phone number. The show's fans, either acting as a band of merry pranksters or attempting to save the woman further embarrassment, began calling and texting in droves to inform Barrigas of what was happening.
“As soon as I heard of this information I just started to quiver, and had what I would call an out-of-body experience,” she told WBZ at the time. “I couldn't believe it. At first I thought it was a joke.”
She said the IRS informed her this indeed happened, but not until it was reported by local media, despite her many calls to the agency.
“Only upon notice from WCVB did the IRS begin an investigation into the matter and place Agent Forsyth on administrative leave,” the complaint stated.
“My phone number is out there, my personal conversation, and I just feel terribly violated, and I feel like I'm in jeopardy that my credit information might be out there and I'm just totally devastated,” she told the station.
In a statement to WBZ, the IRS stated, “We are aware of this troubling situation, and we are currently reviewing the matter. The IRS takes the confidentiality of taxpayer information very seriously, and we have high standards that we expect and require employees to follow.”
The clip seems to have been removed from both YouTube and Stern's website, but a news report including a portion of the show is still online. In it, Stern can be heard yelling “Jimmy!” seemingly in an attempt to get the IRS agent's attention, while co-host Robin Quivers says, “If he's working, we can't interrupt him.”
According to the suit, as a result of the call being aired, Barrigas “has had difficulty sleeping and eating … and has sought treatment as a result.” She also allegedly has “had difficulty finding employment in her field, as the wide airing and publication of her private tax matter has affected her employment search negatively.”
Barrigas seeks both compensatory and punitive damages along with “reasonable attorneys' fees, statutory interest, and the costs of this action.”
As of early Wednesday, neither the Howard Stern Production Company nor the IRS had released a statement or responded to media requests regarding the lawsuit.
A 50p coin has sold for more than a whopping £3,000 online, according to reports.
The Peter Rabbit coin featuring the Beatrix Potter character had looked a bit battered when advertised, but it was still sold for £3,235 on eBay. The 2016 coin was sold by “rjanorton1974” from Melton Mowbray in Leicestershire on Wednesday morning, reports Express.co.uk. This is a large sum for a coin to go for, especially since silver proof coins tend to be rarer that circulated versions. Minted in 2016, this coin has a portrait of Peter Rabbit, one of Beatrix Potter's most famous characters.
GETTY/RJANORTON1974 EBay: The coin features Peter Rabbit, one of Beatrix Potter's most famous characters
PA ONE-OF-A-KIND: Peter Rabbit 50p was the first coin launched
“The silver proof version is worth as much as a person is willing to pay for it” Coin seller Chards However, Royal Mint do sell the coin in a Brilliant Uncirculated condition for only £10 – although they are currently awaiting stock. Coin seller Chards said on its website: “There were over 8 million of the 2016 Peter Rabbit coins alone issued into circulation, so you can only imagine how many times each day we are contacted by someone who has found one in their change and wants to know how much it is worth. “The silver proof version is worth as much as a person is willing to pay for it. We've seen the silver proof coins showing up on eBay for large amounts of money — up to £600.”
PA COLLECTABLES: The Royal Mint has four other Beatrix Potter 50p coins
Is rare and valuable 50p in YOUR pocket? The most sought-after 50p - the Kew Gardens design - is worth up to £245! 1 / 41 Royal Mint The most sought-after 50p - the Kew Gardens design - is worth up to £245
Getty PRECIOUS: Some Royal Mint coins can sell at incredible prices online
After the Florence gym floor was flooded by more than an inch of water from a kitchen sink leak, it wasn't hard Friday to find a place to insert a blower underneath the ruined maple floor to try to dry it out.
Disney could be announcing their purchase of Fox any day now and that has led to a lot of speculation about what will happen if and when that occurs. For one, there's been reports that Hugh Jackman could come back as Wolverine in Avengers 4 as part of this new deal. Sadly, for those who want to see Jackman's Wolverine alongside Iron Man and Hulk, the actor has confirmed it's likely not going to happen.
Hugh Jackman is currently promoting his latest movie, The Greatest Showman. During a recent interview, Jackman was asked about the Disney and Fox merger and the rumors about his possible inclusion in a future Avengers movie. While he admits he's heard the news and that the prospect is certainly interesting, he won't be putting the claws back on. But he's all for having another actor do it. Here's what he had to say.
"It's interesting because for the whole 17 years I kept thinking that would be so great, like I would love to see, particularly, Iron Man and the Hulk and Wolverine together. And every time I saw an Avengers movie I could just see Wolverine in the middle of all of them like punching them all on the head. But it was like, 'Oh well, that's not gonna happen,' and it was interesting just when I first saw that headline, it was just the possibility of it and who knows what's gonna happen, obviously, I was like, 'Hang on!' But I think, unfortunately, the ship has sailed for me, but for someone else I would like to see Wolverine in there."
Logan was released earlier this year and served as a nice send-off for Hugh Jackman's version of the character. Jackman long talked of Logan being his final performance as Wolverine and, despite the appeal that exists in returning alongside The Avengers, he's truly done. He admits he has no idea what the future holds, but that's something he's embracing.
"Never before have I felt the landscape so bare, maybe I should be worried about that. But... I just finished, wrapped a film with Jason Reitman called The Front Runner, which is a political comedy and I do feel right now very open and excited to have no idea what is coming next."
There are so many things that could possibly come of this merger of Disney and Fox. Indeed, we could see the X-Men join the MCU as part of this deal and, if Hugh Jackman has his way, Wolverine will be part of that. It just won't be him playing the part, as confirmed in this interview with Collider. Sorry, MCU fans. Then again, would it really seem genuine, given what happened in Logan, to have Jackman's Wolverine come back? It's hard to say, but it sounds like sensible or not, the actor has made up his mind.
MIAMI COUNTY — As the opioid epidemic hit and communities worked to respond to the crisis, the county's churches and faith-based groups stepped in to help fill the gaps.
In Miami County, churches and other faith-based agencies offer counseling for those struggling with addiction, support groups for families and housing for those seeking recovery assistance.
In some ways, those groups have been able to provide things other agencies could not, said Thom Grimm, executive director of the Miami County Recovery Council — most critically, a community that can offer support during recovery.
“One of the key parts of successful recovery from addiction is what the person's relationships become post-crisis,” Grimm said. “Once the person has successfully gotten through withdrawal and gotten stabilized and gotten some treatment… oftentimes, another key part is where are you living and who's around you? I think a lot of our folks are really finding a welcoming atmosphere in the faith-based organizations.”
Grimm said that he has been very pleased by how the community has responded to the opioid crisis, adding, “An important element of that is the faith-based community.”
“For us, it's probably been an untapped resource in terms of support until these last couple of years. I think everybody has been trying to do the best they can, just trying to respond to the crisis,” he said. “This whole epidemic has touched a lot of parts of the community and people just didn't know what to do. People wanted to help… Once it got sort of organized and mobilized, people were glad to help out.”
The county's churches came together in a big way during the first Hope Over Heroin event held in Miami County in 2016, lawyer and member of the Miami County Drug-Free Coalition Steve Justice recalled. The second Hope Over Heroin event was held in Piqua last year.
More than 40 churches teamed up for the event, which featured testimonies from those who have battled addiction and introduced the community to the range of social services available in Miami County.
“There was preaching, there was a lot of loud music — it tended to attract people. And it went well,” Justice said.
Rebecca Sousek, executive director of Piqua Compassion Network, described the Hope Over Heroin event as a catalyst for partnership between the network and other agencies. “That's when we started talking with (Piqua Police) Chief (Bruce) Jamison,” she said.
The networks work with HEART, which was formed to help break down barriers to treatment and is made up of local law enforcement, recovery specialists and others who meet with those seeking addiction treatment.
Piqua Compassion Network, a faith-based, mostly volunteer organization, works with Piqua area churches to provide addiction resources. Those resources include the Celebrate Recovery program, which is open to those dealing with addiction and their loved ones.
“Every Thursday night, we have a recovery-based meeting, very similar to the 12-step program, only it is more faith-based. And it's open to everybody; you don't have to have a faith to come,” she said. “We are getting anywhere from 25-30 people every Thursday night.”
The network also helps with basic needs assistance, education and employment to “help people get back onto a path of stability in their lives,” Sousek added.
“Usually, a person recovering has got so many other issues and if we can help with a utility bill — you know, we have a lot of people who are coming out of jail and need a fresh start. There are employers willing to give them a fresh start. They may need a tank of gas, a first paycheck, or if they need a pair of work boots, we can provide that for people,” she said. “We even have people coming out of recovery who have lost their birth certificates and they need that for an ID to get a job. You don't realize what people are faced with.”
Miami County's churches have been an integral part of the Miami County Drug-Free Coalition's efforts to battle addiction, Justice said. When the coalition formed, Justice, a founding member, wanted to ensure the county's churches had a seat at the table.
In its early days, members sat down together to identify “gaps in care,” he recalled. The first major gap identified was the lack of a detox facility in Miami County.
Justice explained that most hospitals won't admit a person who has overdosed unless they have some other medical complication, and that jail was the only place most people could detox.
To address that need, Hope House was opened in January 2017 as a safe detox center for men. When the property was acquired, churches rallied to renovate it, Justice said. Churches like Ginghamsburg Church and Upper Room provided help renovating the building, and New Path Ministries provided furniture through their home furnishing donation program.
Hope House is now open to men and women.
“All of that work on Hope House was done through churches, period,” Justice said.
The coalition identified another gap: there was nowhere in the county for men to go after detox. The coalition worked with Joshua House, a faith-based recovery program with several houses in Montgomery County, to open a facility in Troy. Miami House offers a recovery home for women in the area.
Justice pointed to the county's declining overdose rate as evidence of the positive impact the coalition has had on the county.
“We have seen some dramatic changes in the last year in terms of overdoses in Miami County,” he said. “We had slightly over 100 in January 2017 and it's gone down since then. For about the last six or seven months, we've had about 30-40 a month, which is the level we were at in 2014.”
http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/05/web1_cross.jpg http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/05/web1_opioid-logo-ohio.jpg
By Cecilia Fox cfox@troydailynews.com
Reach Cecilia Fox at cfox@troydailynews.com.
Reach Cecilia Fox at cfox@troydailynews.com.
The four discs are organized with distinct themes: “Disc 1 — Going to War Again” with songs rooted in the return of war so soon after the end of WWII; “Disc 2 — Somewhere in Korea,” documenting soldiers' hopes and fears about their involvement in a civil war thousands of miles from their homes; “Disc 3 — On the Homefront,” how the war affected family members and friends back in the states; and “Disc 4 — Peace and Its Legacies,” with songs delving into the challenges for soldiers who survived and returned home.
In the age of social media and smart phones, customers have the power to instantly destroy a brand's reputation. United Airlines and Pepsi were both hit by customer backlash after PR blunders – United with its rough handling of a passenger, Pepsi with its ad featuring the reality show actress Kendall Jenner — went viral.
We spoke with Professor Henri Weijo, a marketing and consumer behavior expert, to discuss how the companies handled their PR crises and how brands can avoid similar mistakes.
Q: How did United Airlines and Pepsi differ in reacting to to their PR blunders?
Weijo: United made the classic PR mistake of not apologizing and admitting fault immediately. They took their sweet time in releasing a statement and made matters a lot worse by initially issuing a “We're looking into the matter” non-apology.
To their credit, Pepsi pulled the ad and apologized right away. They also made a smart decision by apologizing to Kendall Jenner for “bringing her into this mess,” which made their apology feel more genuine. That said, the original snafu was pretty rich. I still see new Pepsi jokes every day on Twitter.
Q: Will these PR blunders hurt the brands long term?
Weijo: United's incident will be forgotten soon. The airline industry in the U.S. is very much a commodity market with customers searching for the lowest cost flight or most comfortable connection. Research shows that the general public and the market tend to forget corporate malfeasance in a matter of months or up to a year.
With Pepsi, it's a different story. They are a lifestyle brand fighting in a competitive market. The brand hit might take longer to recover or require higher investments to repair the damage.
Q: What can brands learn from the Pepsi and United crises?
Weijo: People want to see brands fail. They crave the schadenfreude and the onslaught of funny reactions that ensue. The video of the United passenger being carried off from the plane was played on millions of devices, and so were the different parodies and reactions to it. A harmless PR bush fire turns into an inferno much quicker now. So even if a brand were not a fault in a situation, fighting it might be futile. The mob mentality will take over and will turn it into a PR crisis anyway.
In the era of fake news and controversies over how brands' advertising — via programmatic platforms — unwittingly ends up alongside content with which they'd rather not be associated, Oracle has made an acquisition to beef up its ability to help customers with these marketing challenges.
It has announced that it will acquire Grapeshot, a startup out of Cambridge, England, that has developed a platform to help ensure “brand safety”, along with solutions to help brands, agencies, publishers and ad platforms to match ads to more specific placements overall.
The startup will become a part of the Oracle Data Cloud, Oracle said, working specifically in the area of Audiences and Measurement, which already provides a number of other tools to marketers, such as data for custom segmented audiences.
The terms of the deal have not been disclosed but we are trying to find out. According to Pitchbook, Grapeshot's last post-money valuation was around $59 million (£42 million) in May of 2017. The company has raised $22.4 million from investors that include IQ Capital Partners, Draper Esprit and Albion.
Grapeshot, via its Contextual Intelligence Platform, says it works with some 5,000 marketers globally, covering some 38 billion programmatic ad impressions. It's been growing at a rate of over 100 percent year-over-year, it says. It looks like it will continue to work with existing customers, who will in turn become potential targets for the cross-selling of other Oracle services.
The rise of Grapeshot and its acquisition by Oracle speaks to a growing challenge in the area of adtech and corresponding marketing technology: while programmatic advertising has largely become the norm across the web, there are some unintended consequences from all that automation.
For one, it's harder to specifically match ads to content in every case — and this might potentially become even more difficult with the rise of stronger data protection and increased scrutiny on how are data is used for ad targeting. One of Grapeshot's services helps marketers solve this with technology that helps match ads not just to basic sites, but to keywords on pages.
But in the worst-case scenarios, brands are finding their ads running alongside content that is outright damaging to their images. In a recent scandal, advertisers were forced to freeze some ads on YouTube when they were found to be running alongside videos of kids with obscene comments from viewers.
Ideally both for the brands and YouTube, the ads would have never been there to begin with — and that is the kind of outcome that Grapeshot (and now Oracle) is going to be helping achieve.
There are, of course, a lot more controls in place now to try to prevent situations like this, and products aimed at generally making it easier to match ads to content. Search giant (and YouTube owner) Google, the world's biggest online advertising company, earlier this year launched a new AdSense product that uses machine learning to “read” content on specific pages to understand the context before it serves an ad to it.
The interesting thing about Grapeshot is that it's working a layer back before this. By not being tied to any specific ad platform, Oracle has the potential to play a strong hand as an unbiased helper to customers to achieve the best results.
Oracle has made a number of acquisitions to expand its digital marketing and advertising solutions business, to tap into the rise of social media and also to compete better against Salesforce. They have included Compendium, Moat, Involver, Vitrue, Netsuite, Market2Lead and many more.
Morgan Mercer, 'The Way We Were'/Shelly Mosman, 'Girl with Cake'
FRIDAY:
Verdant
New works by Shelly Mosman and Morgan Mercier. 6-10 p.m. Oct. 6; Free. Workshop, 1300 Quincy St. NE, Minneapolis; 612-361-0000.
Panther Ray
With Seafarer, Transcendental Strangers, and the Carnegies. 10 p.m. Oct. 6; Free. 331 Clubs, 331 13th Ave. NE, Minneapolis; 612-331-1746.
TV Moms
With Alouette, Ahem, Spur Yields, and Wowsville. 9 p.m. Oct. 6; Free. Hexagon Bar, 2600 27th Ave. S., Minneapolis; 612-722-3454.
Curated Style: Straight from the Runway
Runway show featuring the work of seven designers from Project Runway, with a performance by World of Dance runner-up Eva Igo. 8 p.m. Oct. 6; Free. Mall of America Best Buy Rotunda, 365 N. Garden, Bloomington; 952-883-8800.
Image courtesy of
Cake's Grand Opening Weekend
This new fashion-forward shop specializes in plus-sized thrift items. Friday through Sunday. Cake Plus-Size Resale, 5155 Bloomington Ave., Minneapolis; 612-353-4248.
Hotel
With Jonathan Ackerman 9 p.m. Every 1st Fri.; Free. Kitty Cat Klub, 315 14th Ave. SE, Minneapolis; 612-331-9800.
The Comedy Corner Open Mic Night
10 p.m. Every Fri.; Free. The Corner Bar, 1501 Washington Ave. S., Minneapolis; 612-339-4333.
Tappy Hour
Group tap dance lessons. 4-6 p.m. Every Fri. Free. Can Can Wonderland, 755 Prior Ave. N., Ste. 4, St. Paul; 651-925-2261.
Can Can Wonderland Karaoke
Hosted by Silly Miss Tilly. 9 p.m.-12 a.m. Every Fri. Free. Can Can Wonderland, 755 Prior Ave. N., Ste. 4, St. Paul; 651-925-2261.
Margie Criner
Bacha(BANAL)
Work by Margie Criner. Opening reception 6-9 p.m. Fri., Oct. 6. From Oct. 6-Dec. 5; Free. Gallery 13, 811 Lasalle Ave., Minneapolis; 651-592-5503.
Lydia Davis
The poet discusses her work. 6:30 p.m. Oct. 6; Free. Cowles Auditorium, 301 19th Ave. S., Minneapolis; 612-625-9505.
41st Annual Members' Juried Art Exhibition
Group show featuring the work of Artistry members. Opening reception 6-8 p.m. Fri., Oct. 6. Oct. 6-Nov. 17; Free. Artistry at Bloomington Center for the Arts, 1800 W. Old Shakopee Rd., Bloomington; 952-563-8575.
Vinyl Club
All vinyl nights with variety of DJs. 10:30 p.m. Every Fri. and Sat. from March 9; Free. The Lexington, 1096 Grand Ave., St. Paul; 651-222-5878.
Afton Alps Family Fall Fair and Slopeside Swap
Featuring ski and snowboard swaps, equipment upgrades, new and used winter sports items, chair lift rides, hayrides, bouncy house, food truck, refreshments, and live music. Check website for full schedule of events. Every Fri., Sat., and Sun. from Oct. 6-15; Free. Afton Alps, 6600 Peller Ave. S., Hastings; 651-436-5245.
Edie Overturf, 'Persisting Canary in a Coal Mine'
Jerome Fellowship Exhibition
Group show featuring work from Jerome Foundation Fellowships for Emerging Artists winners. Panel discussion 6:30 p.m. Tue., Oct. 10. Public reception 6-8 p.m. Fri., Oct. 6. Sept. 29-Nov. 7; Free. MCAD Gallery, 2501 Stevens Ave., Minneapolis; 612-874-3700.
Friendship Forest Event
Tree-planting and community building activity, outside the Coon Rapids Campus Science Building. 12 p.m. Oct. 6; Free. Anoka-Ramsey Community College, 11200 Mississippi Blvd., Coon Rapids; 763-433-1100.
Late Night Jazz in the Dunsmore
Featuring a variety of bands and musicians. 9-11 p.m. Oct. 6; Free. Crooners Lounge & Supper Club, 6161 Hwy. 65 NE, Minneapolis; 763-571-9020.
Lowertown First Fridays
Featuring open studios, gallery receptions, happy-hour specials, and more. For more info, visit lowertownfirstfridays.org. 6-9 p.m. Every 1st Fri.; Free. Lowertown, 5th St. E. & Sibley St., St Paul.
Matthew McCright
Performing new work by Augsburg University composer Reinaldo Moya titled 'The Way North.' 7:30 p.m. Oct. 6; Free. Augsburg College Sateren Auditorium, 2211 Riverside Ave., Minneapolis; 612-330-1265.
Getty Images/iStockphoto
SATURDAY:
Zombie Pup Crawl
It's best that dogs—or any animal, for that matter—stay the hell away from the Zombie Pub Crawl. That's an event best left to boozehounds. However, the crew behind the massive undead festival is going small for its next project. This Saturday, the new Zombie Pup Crawl will have folks drinking with their dogs, Halloween-style. If you have a canine who loves to rock a costume (they don't have to be zombie-related), now is her moment to shine. Prizes will be awarded to the best looks of the afternoon. Bauhaus Brew Labs will also be serving up pints all day. Find more info and registration at www.zombiepubcrawl.com. All ages. 2-4 p.m. Oct. 7; Free. Bauhaus Brew Labs, 1315 Tyler St. NE, Minneapolis; 612-276-6911.
Technician
With Battle Toys and Short Timer. 10 p.m. Oct. 7; Free. 331 Clubs, 331 13th Ave. NE, Minneapolis; 612-331-1746.
Twin Cities Day of Dignity 2017
Day long community building gathering in partnership with Islamic Relief USA featuring food distribution, clothing give-away, medical screenings, youth fun zone, gift card giveaways, and live entertainment from Toki Wright, Sun & La, Far Well, House of Dance, Kapulli Yaocenoxtli, Yanna Ely, and Al Taw'am. 11 a.m.-5 p.m. Oct. 7; Free. Masjid An-Nur, 1729 N. Lyndale Ave., Minneapolis; 612-521-1749.
LaLunette Jewelry
Crafts and Cocktails
Shop locally from businesses including Sota Clothing, Lalunette Jewelry, Meg Brown Ceramics, Everthine Jewelry, and Third Daughter Restless Daughter. Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Tattersall Distilling, 1620 Central Ave. NE # 150, Minneapolis; 612-584-4152.
24-Hour Comics Day
Artists create a 24-page comic in 24 hours. 10-10 a.m. Oct. 7; Free. Light Grey Art Lab, 118 E. 26th St., Minneapolis; 612-239-2047.
Bags for Wags
Benefit for Pet Haven featuring cornhole tournament, live music, foster dogs, raffle, and recreational games for canines. 11 a.m.-6 p.m. Oct. 7; Free. Summit Brewing Company, 910 Montreal Circle, St. Paul; 651-265-7800.
Zachary Clarke-Knaeble, 'It!'
Gods & Monsters 2017
As the weather grows colder and the darkness lasts longer, we celebrate the spooky things in life. For this group show, over 100 artists made their nightmares a reality on canvas, creating unsettling works featuring mythical creatures, iconic movie monsters, and things that are just plain weird. There will be angry aliens, creepy apparitions, malevolent clowns, ominous goats, and a chicken with bat wings shooting lasers from its eyes (hey, that has to be someone's fear, right?). At the opening reception on Saturday, October 7, from 7 to 11 p.m., revelers will partake in a dark masquerade ball with tarot readings, henna, and oddities from Studio Payne. Opening reception 7-11 p.m. Sat., Oct. 7. From Oct. 7-31; Free. Artspace Jackson Flats, 901 18 1/2 Ave. NE, Minneapolis; 612-333-9012.
Four 5 Drive
With Underdog Story, A Better Hand, and Fenced In. 9 p.m. Oct. 7; Free. Hexagon Bar, 2600 27th Ave. S., Minneapolis; 612-722-3454.
Free First Saturdays
Featuring fun activities, art tours, film screenings, and more the first Saturday of each month. 10 a.m.-3 p.m. Every 1st Sat.; Free. Walker Art Center, 725 Vineland Place, Minneapolis; 612-375-7600.
Feral Fables
Work by Areca Roe and Terrence Payne. 7 to 10 p.m. Saturday, October 7. From Oct. 7-29; Free. Rosalux Gallery, 1400 Van Buren St. NE, Minneapolis; 612-747-3942.
Minnesota Public Radio's 50th Anniversary Block Party
Free festival throughout downtown St. Paul featuring kid-friendly activities, food and beverages from local vendors, and two performance stages with live music from Chris Thile and the Prairie Home Companion House Band, Dessa, Jeremy Messersmith, Alan Sparhawk & Gaelynn Lea, Erik Koskinen, VocalEssence, the Steeles, Walker West Music Academy, and Minnesota Percussion Trio. More info at www.mpr50.org. 3-10 p.m. Oct. 7; Free. Landmark Plaza, 75 W. 5th St., St Paul; 651-292-3233.
Ignite
A one-day storytelling summit for queer youth, led by Nicole M. Smith and Kat Purcell. 12-5:30 p.m. Oct. 7; Free. Intermedia Arts, 2822 Lyndale Ave. S., Minneapolis; 612-871-4444.
FB
Rock 'n' Roll Farmers Market
Featuring live music, DJs, makers, vintage sellers, food vendors and farmers, and interactive activities, outdoors in the Flashlight Vinyl parking lot. 10 a.m.-3 p.m. Aug. 5; 10 a.m.-3 p.m. Sept. 2; 10 a.m.-3 p.m. Oct. 7; Free. Flashlight Vinyl, 1519 Central Ave NE, Minneapolis, Minnesota; 612-558-3838.
Sai U Drom
With SlovCzech and Pick It Up Pete. 9 p.m. Oct. 7; Free. Viking Bar, 1829 Riverside Ave., Minneapolis; 612-353-4794.
Vintage Fashion Pop-Up and Trunk Show Boutique
Featuring collections from four designers from Project Runway and local vintage retailers. 10 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Oct. 7; Free. Radisson Blu Mall of America, 2100 Killebrew Drive, Minneapolis; 952-881-5258.
Susan M. Latta
Author presents her new book, 'Bold Women of Medicine: 21 Stories of Astounding Discoveries, Daring Surgeries, and Healing Breakthroughs.' 2 p.m. Oct. 7; Free. Addendum Books, 478 S. Cleveland Ave., St. Paul; 651-330-3096.
JoJo Siwa
Reality TV star signs copies of her new book, 'JoJo's Guide to the Sweet Life: #PEACEOUTHATERZ.' 2 p.m. Oct. 7; Free. Mall of America Best Buy Rotunda, 365 N. Garden, Bloomington; 952-883-8800.
Melissa Savage
Author presents her new book, 'Lemons.' 11:30 a.m. Oct. 7; Free. Barnes & Noble Galleria, 3225 W. 69th St., Edina; 952-920-0633.
Aoki Chie, 'Impact'
Hard Bodies: Contemporary Japanese Lacquer Sculpture
Oct. 7-June 24; Free. Minneapolis Institute of Art, 2400 Third Ave. S., Minneapolis; 612-870-3131.
Boundless Peaks: Ink Paintings by Minol Araki
There will be an opening day presentation at 1:30 p.m. Saturday, October 7. From Oct. 7-June 24; Free. Minneapolis Institute of Art, 2400 Third Ave. S., Minneapolis; 612-870-3131.
Print and Drawing Fair
Original works on paper are available to purchase from leading art dealers in the U.S. and Europe, with pop-up artist talks, curator-led tours, poster screenprinting activities, and a photobooth. 11 a.m.-5 p.m. Daily from Oct. 7-8; Free. Minneapolis Institute of Art, 2400 Third Ave. S., Minneapolis; 612-870-3131.
Robert Beatty
Author presents his book, 'Serafina and the Splintered Heart.' 2 p.m. Oct. 7; Free. Barnes & Noble Galleria, 3225 W. 69th St., Edina; 952-920-0633.
Travelers
New paintings and watercolors by Mark Ostapchuk. Public reception 6-8 p.m. Sat., Oct. 7. 12-6 p.m. Every Thu., Fri., and Sat. from Sept. 28-Nov. 4; Free. Form + Content Gallery, 210 N. 2nd St., Minneapolis; 612-436-1151.
Get Behind the Work V
Member group show. Artist talk 2-5 p.m. Sat., Oct. 21. Opening reception 6-9 p.m. Sat., Oct. 7. Daily from Oct. 7-28; Free. Vine Arts Center, 2637 27th Ave. S., Minneapolis; 612-728-5745.
Jizi: Journey of the Spirit
Large scale ink paintings and scrolls. Panel discussion 7 p.m. Wed., Oct. 11, featuring Dr. Wang Chunchen, David Brubaker, and Jeanne Kilde. Daily from Oct. 7-Dec. 31; Free. Frederick R. Weisman Art Museum, 333 E. River Rd., Minneapolis; 612-625-9494.
Midtown Farmers Market
Featuring local produce, meats, and cheeses, with prepared foods, local artwork, and live entertainment. More info at midtownfarmersmarket.org. 8 a.m.-1 p.m. Every Sat. from May 6-Oct. 28; 3-7 p.m. Every Tue. from June 6-Oct. 31; Free. Midtown Farmers' Market, 2225 Lake St. E., Minneapolis; 612-724-7457.
New Hope Community Farmers Market
8 a.m.-1 p.m. Every Sat. from June 21; Free. New Hope Farmers' Market, 4300 Xylon Avenue N., Minneapolis; 763-531-5196.
Northeast Minneapolis Farmers Market
Featuring locally grown produce, live music, children's activities, and food trucks. More info at www.northeastmarket.org. 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Every Sat. from May 20-Oct. 21; Free. St. Boniface Catholic Church, 629 2nd St. NE, Minneapolis; 612-379-2761.
Dogs of MSP Barktoberfest is too cute at Inbound. FB
SUNDAY:
Dogs of MSP Barktoberfest
Featuring Halloween costume contest, food, beer, dog treats, photographs, and pint glasses. Benefiting Underdog Rescue. 2-7 p.m. Oct. 8; Free. Inbound BrewCo, 701 N. 5th St., Minneapolis; 612-615-8243.
AFTOUTAYI Haitian Cultural Festival 2017
Featuring dancing, music, food, friendly soccer game, community gatherings, and lectures. Tickets, lineup, and more info at www.afoutayidmaco.com/festival-2017. Daily from Oct. 8-14; Free; some events are ticketed. Indigenous Roots Cultural Arts Center, 788 E. 7th St., St. Paul; 651-366-0006.
Arms Aloft
With Penske File, Class of 86, and Crab Legs. 9 p.m. Oct. 8; Free. Hexagon Bar, 2600 27th Ave. S., Minneapolis; 612-722-3454.
Barktoberfest
Featuring food, drinks, music, and rescue organizations. 1-4 p.m. Oct. 8; Free. Stanley's Northeast Bar Room, 2500 University Ave. NE, Minneapolis; 612-788-2529.
Blues Jam
7-11 p.m. Every Sun. from Jan. 11; Free. Schooner Tavern, 2901 27th Ave. S., Minneapolis; 612-729-4365.
Comedy Open Mic
Featuring local and visiting stand up comedians, hosted by Trish Cook. Sign up begins at 6 p.m. In the Poco Loco Lounge. 7 p.m. Every Sun.; Free. Pepitos Tex-Mex Bar & Grill, 4820 Chicago Ave. S., Minneapolis; 612-822-2104.
Mina Zallman Proctor
Author presents her new book, 'Landslide,' in conversation with Aviya Kushner. 5 p.m. Oct. 8; Free. Magers & Quinn Booksellers, 3038 Hennepin Ave. S., Minneapolis; 612-822-4611.
The Purduettes
7 p.m. Oct. 8; Free. South View Middle School Auditorium, 4725 S. View Lanene, Edina; 952-848-3700.
Vidar Sundstol
Author presents his new book, 'The Devil's Wedding Ring,' in conversation with author Allen Eskens. Call or go online for registration. 2 p.m. Oct. 8; Free; registration is recommended. American Swedish Institute, 2600 Park Ave. S., Minneapolis; 612-871-4907.
FRANCE TEAM NEWS: France play Uruguay on Friday in the World Cup quarter-finals, but who will start?
“Olivier Giroud, Corentin Tolisso, Paul Pogba and Benjamin Pavard all risk missing the semi-final if they pick up a yellow”
Les Bleus are third favourites for the tournament now, behind Brazil and England, but the South Americans will provide a tough test.
Kylian Mbappe shone in the 4-3 victory over Argentina, and he will have one eye on the Golden Boot and closing in on Harry Kane - who has six goals, to Mbappe's three so far.
Blaise Matuidi is suspended for the game opening up a place in the line-up, but Djibril Sidibe is the only injury doubt - and Benjamin Pavard would probably be starting now even if the Monaco man was fully fit.
Olivier Giroud, Corentin Tolisso, Paul Pogba and Benjamin Pavard all risk missing the semi-final if they pick up a yellow card here.
A victory for France would see them into the semi-finals, where either Belgium or Brazil would lie in wait.
CLICK THROUGH THE GALLERY ABOVE TO SEE THE TEAM WE EXPECT TO START FOR FRANCE.
Blake Lively, one-half of the world's most swoon-worthy couple, really seems to love Valentine's Day. (Just take a look at the heart-shaped updo she wore to her Galentine's Day party with L'Oréal!) And why wouldn't you when you're married to Ryan Reynolds, a partner who seems to enjoy spoiling his wife and the mother of his two adorable kids?
In fact, Lively revealed to Vogue that Reynolds was so eager about the February 14 holiday that they celebrated early. Unfortunately, it seems Lively couldn't live up to it.
"I actually already celebrated Valentine's Day with my husband [Ryan Reynolds] because he was so excited," Lively said on February 13. "I wasn't prepared. He's a much better wife than me." Um, we very much doubt Lively is as bad as she makes herself sound, considering Reynolds raves about her all. The. Time.
Lively also showed off Reynold's Valentine's Day gift to her: a perfectly on-trend diamond arrow earring.
"I love this because it's also like Valentine's Day, it's an arrow," Lively told Elle. "The cupid got me very bad with him. I have it very, very bad for my husband, so it's a nice representation of that for me, that's why I loved it."
For those trying to mimic Lively's style, the Anita Ko earring retails for a cool $1,700.
The 29-year-old actress also shared that her husband happens to be a great card writer because of course he is.
Take a look at his gift to her, below.
Former Pakistan batsman Nasir Jamshed has been banned for a year for failing to co-operate with the Pakistan Cricket Board's (PCB) Anti-Corruption Unit (ACU) regarding an investigation into corruption, the governing body said on Monday.
REUTERS: Former Pakistan batsman Nasir Jamshed has been banned for a year for failing to co-operate with the Pakistan Cricket Board's (PCB) Anti-Corruption Unit (ACU) regarding an investigation into corruption, the governing body said on Monday.
Jamshed, who has played 48 one-day internationals for Pakistan, was suspended from all forms of cricket in February for violating the PCB's anti-corruption code.
"Anti Corruption Tribunal has imposed one year ban on cricketer Nasir Jamshed for non-co-operation with PCB ACU, more charges will be brought up in near future," the PCB said on their official Twitter account.
The 27-year-old did not participate in the first two editions of the Pakistan Super League (PSL but is alleged to have played a major role in the spot-fixing scandal that engulfed the Twenty20 tournament earlier this year.
Batsmen Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif were handed five-year bans for their role in the scandal, while paceman Mohammad Irfan and all-rounder Mohammad Nawaz received respective suspensions for 12 and two months.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
Advertisement
Fund manager Neil Woodford has been in the news a lot recently, for all the wrong reasons. Before setting out to build his own fund management company in 2014, Woodford had developed a reputation at his previous employer Invesco, for his market-beating investment performance thanks to a preference for defensive income stocks. Unfortunately, in recent years this approach has not paid off and several high profile failures have dented his reputation. However, while the press has focused on the failures, he's had some tremendous successes as well, which analysts seem to be overlooking. Record performance Burford Capital (LSE: BUR) for example is one…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
Fund manager Neil Woodford has been in the news a lot recently, for all the wrong reasons. Before setting out to build his own fund management company in 2014, Woodford had developed a reputation at his previous employer Invesco, for his market-beating investment performance thanks to a preference for defensive income stocks.
Unfortunately, in recent years this approach has not paid off and several high profile failures have dented his reputation.
However, while the press has focused on the failures, he's had some tremendous successes as well, which analysts seem to be overlooking.
Record performance
Burford Capital (LSE: BUR) for example is one of the top five holdings in the LF Woodford Equity Income fund. Over the past five years, this provider of litigation finance has produced a return for investors of 1,332% excluding dividends. Over the past 12 months, including dividends, the stock has returned 80%.
And it looks as if Burford's growth is only just getting started. Last week the company reported it had managed to more than double income and profit in 2017 and “persistent demand” for its services led to “record new investment commitments” of $1.3bn, “sowing seeds for future profits.” What's more, even though it's only a few months old, 2018 is shaping up to be another exciting period for the group. According to last week's market update, $129m of capital has already been committed to 12 new investments during the first two months of 2018, compared to one single $1m investment in the same period last year.
In my opinion, this activity implies that the company is on track to smash City expectations for growth this year. After 2017's record performance, analysts are expecting earnings per share to slide by 30% to $0.84 (60p) for 2018. But with the firm looking as if it can break another income record this year, it seems to me as if these forecasts are a tad conservative.
Analysts have already hiked their earnings targets by 12% over the past month. With this being the case, Burford's forward P/E of 22.4 does not seem too demanding.
The market's best company?
Another Neil Woodford growth stock I'm considering for my ISA is motor claims accident management service business Redde (LSE: REDD).
Redde is a tremendous growth stock. Over the past five years, shares in the company have produced a total return of 42% per annum, making them one of the best performing investments in the entire London market.
The performance is a result of a combination of both earnings growth and multiple expansion. Over the past five years, revenue has doubled as the company has moved from a lossmaking position to an estimated net profit of £36m as expected by City analysts for fiscal 2018. Off the back of this projection, analysts expect the group to earn 11.9p per share for 2018, giving a forward P/E of 14.2.
Given the fact that growth is expected to slow during 2019 (net profit growth of 6.4% projected) this valuation is a bit on the expensive side. Nevertheless, the company currently pays out all of its earnings to investors via dividends, which means today the shares are trading at a forward dividend yield of 7%, more than double the broader market average. This yield is the primary reason why Redde looks attractive to me.
Concert to benefit veterans
The mission of “Veteran Benefits America” is to make sure every veteran and their family knows about the benefits available to them. This weekend, you can help them with that cause. Country music star Josh Turner is headlining a special concert right here in Southwest Florida. More information and tickets are available at http://www.vetbenamerica.org/events/joshturner-td7ex.
Senate President Bukola Saraki says he is not interested in settling his false asset declaration case outside the judicial process.
Saraki said the matter was not brought up when Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo and members of new Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) met on Monday.
In a statement on Wednesday, Yusuph Olaniyonu, media aide of the senate president, qouted Saraki as saying that the issues discussed at the meeting were not personal.
While expressing confidence that he would get victory at the court, Saraki reiterated that his trial was politically-motivated.
“The trial of Dr. Saraki over asset declaration issues which is now before both the supreme court and the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) was never part of the discussions over the grievances of the nPDP leaders and all those who attended the meeting with Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo can attest to this. The issues being discussed between the nPDP and the APC leaderships are beyond personal matters,” the statement read.
“Dr. Saraki will want it known that he is not interested in any settlement of the asset declaration case outside the judicial process. He is confident that the court will give him justice and he will be exonerated of all charges as can be seen by the verdicts of the CCT and the court of appeal. In fact, he maintains his earlier position that the trial was politically and maliciously motivated.
“The senate president's only concern is that all interested parties should allow the judiciary to freely and fairly decide on the issues before it. Dr. Saraki believes in the rule of law, independence of the judiciary and ability of the court to adjudicate on all matters.
“The senate president has consistently exhibited a strong belief that nobody should compromise national interest with personal issues. And this has guided his actions, conduct and utterances in the performance of his official duties in the last three years, despite the persistent persecution and intimidation directed at him.”
Saraki said there is no reason for him to depart from his avowed principle that “the nation is greater than any individual, including himself”.
LIEGE, Belgium/BRUSSELS: Islamic State claimed responsibility on Wednesday for an attack the previous day in the Belgian city of Liege in which two policewomen and a bystander were killed, but provided no proof.
The militant group said in an online statement that a "soldier of the caliphate" had carried out what Belgian police called a terrorist attack. It has previously claimed similar "lone wolf" acts thought to be Islamist-inspired, often without providing evidence.
Advertisement
Belgian authorities meanwhile faced questions over why the attacker, a prison inmate who was suspected of links to radical Islamists in jail, was let out for a day. He was shot dead by police at a school near the scene.
Interior Minister Jan Jambon said authorities were still examining the motives of Benjamin Herman, a 31-year-old Belgian drug dealer who had been in jail for years but was let out for two days on Monday to prepare for an eventual release in 2020.
Herman had shouted "Allahu Akbar", the Muslim affirmation of faith, during his attack and he had had contact with Islamist radicals in jail in 2016 and early 2017.
He also appeared to have followed online exhortations from Islamic State to stab police officers and use their service weapons to shoot others, prosecutors said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A cleaning woman at the school who found herself "nose to face with the killer" told public broadcaster RTBF that he spared her because she was Muslim.
While he briefly held her hostage, he told her he wanted the police to "writhe; I want to make them stew".
Justice Minister Koen Geens told RTBF radio he was having pangs of conscience over whether the man should have been allowed the furlough.
Still reeling from the attack, residents of Belgium's third biggest city lay flowers and candles at the scene of the shooting on Wednesday, and officials held a moment of silence.
"We had all of the little ones from the high school who were evacuated," said an emotional nursery school teacher, Joelle Chalon. "I walk this way to work every day."
Authorities praised the quick-wittedness of the cafe owner outside whose bar Herman had killed the two policewomen, aged 54 and 44. By the time the killer, wielding two police pistols, came in looking for more victims, the cafe proprietor had got all of his customers into hiding.
Jambon described Herman as a psychologically unstable man who might have been on drugs, pointing to his murder of an acquaintance 50 km (30 miles) away on Monday night.
"There are signs he was radicalised in prison but is it that radicalisation which drove him to commit these acts?" Jambon said, adding that although Herman was flagged up in security reports in 2016 and early 2017, he had been a fringe figure.
JAIL TO JIHAD?
In and out of jail for a variety of crimes since 2003, Herman may have found a path to violence that has heightened concerns that Europe's prisons are incubators for jihadism.
It was the 14th time since his detention that he was granted temporary leave, Geens said. "Everyone in Belgium is asking the same question: how is it possible that someone convicted of such serious acts was allowed to leave prisons?" Deputy Prime Minister Alexander de Croo was quoted as saying.
The national crisis centre, on high alert since a Brussels-based Islamic State cell helped kill 130 people in Paris in 2015, did not raise its alert level, indicating no follow-up attacks were expected.
"I think it was just one individual who completely snapped," said Pieter Van Ostaeyen, a specialist on jihadism. "I don't think it was an organised attack."
Convicts have been behind several Islamist militant attacks in Europe. In Belgium, around 450 prisoners are deemed radical, including 46 that are seen as a threat of radicalising others, according to lawmaker George Dallemagne, who sits on several Belgian parliamentary security committees.
"We have a tragic experience in Belgium, with people entering prison as petty criminals and leaving as terrorists," he told Reuters.
(Additional reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek, Alastair Macdonald and Robin Emmott in Brussels and Ali Abdelaty, John Davison in Cairo; Writing by Alissa de Carbonnel and Alastair Macdonald; Editing by Richard Balmforth/Mark Heinrich/Catherine Evans)
The healing of a paralytic
1 SHARES Share Tweet
Gospel Reading: Mt 9:1-8
After entering a boat, Jesus made the crossing, and came into his own town. And there people brought to him a paralytic lying on a stretcher. When Jesus saw their faith, he said to the paralytic, “Courage, child, your sins are forgiven.” At that, some of the scribes said to themselves, “This man is blaspheming.” Jesus knew what they were thinking, and said, “Why do you harbor evil thoughts? Which is easier, to say, ‘Your sins are forgiven,' or to say, ‘Rise and walk'? But that you may know that the Son of Man has authority on earth to forgive sins” – he then said to the paralytic, “Rise, pick up your stretcher, and go home.” He rose and went home. When the crowds saw this they were struck with awe and glorified God who had given such authority to men.
Reflections
Authority on earth to forgive sins
On the one hand, we are edified by the love and concern that his friends show the paralytic, doing the unthinkable just to get him to Jesus. On the other hand, Jesus wants to show the religious authorities present that he has as much power to heal the “spiritual” ailment of the paralytic as to cure his “physical” infirmity. And Jesus seems to imply that doing one also means doing the other. Spiritual health and physical well-being go together.
We sometimes see how people show great concern and love for those in dire need, even if they do not know them, and do not pay attention to protocol or rules to follow. For them, what is of utmost importance is the well-being, the “salvation” of the person. But, alas, there are others who focus more on rules and laws. Jesus reminds us, the Sabbath is made for man, not the other way around.
* * *
Is our sense of priorities in accord with God's?
* * *
SOURCE: “365 Days with the Lord,” ST PAULS,” 7708 St. Paul Rd., SAV, Makati City (Phils.); Tel.: 895-9701; Fax 895-7328; E-mail: publishing@stpauls.ph; Website: http://www.stpauls.ph.
Related
comments
Daron Clay was heading home Saturday when a man onboard his Kansas City bus started arguing over a bus transfer.
"I have seen him pull the knife out of his pocket I had to fight for my life," Clay said.
Clay was worried about the mother and her two children across from them.
"I didn't want her to get hurt I didn't want the kids to get hurt, I knew that I was going to get stabbed but you know I had to fight for my life," said Clay.
The 21-year-old man pushed the knife-wielding man toward the front of the bus. As the driver slams the brakes, the suspect goes right through the windshield.
Read more: http://bit.ly/2th4JjX
After seven years, Lionsgate finally brought back the Saw franchise with Jigsaw last fall, and it seems there are already plans for for Saw 9. While promoting the home video release of Jigsaw, directors Peter Spierig and Michael Spierig revealed that certain aspects in Jigsaw actually set the foundation for Saw 9 and the future of the franchise. Here's what Peter Spierig had to say when asked about how this movie sets up Saw 9.
"There are a lot of things that go on in Jigsaw that we talked about where they could go in further movies, and so there are things with the characters and ideas that have the foundations of other things that could potentially come in the next couple of movies. You want to make the movie itself a complete experience for the audience, a satisfying experience in terms of the story, of feeling like there is a conclusion. But at the same time, there are some questions about the characters and their arcs and things like that where we haven't explained. And we certainly talked about it with the producers and the writer and even the actors, where things potentially could go. It really becomes a question of does the audience want more? Are they keen to see these characters, the characters who survive and even sometimes the characters who don't survive can end up in another Saw film, based on its history. There's always room for flashbacks and who knows what."
The Spierig Brothers came aboard to direct back in July 2016, with Tobin Bell returning as John Kramer/Jigsaw, with several franchise newcomers including Laura Vandervoort, Matt Passmore, Callum Keith Rennie, Hannah Anderson, Brittany Allen, Tina Jung and Sonia Dhillon. While the movie wasn't a massive box office hit, it did end up debuting atop the box office at the end of last October, earning just $16.6 million in its first weekend, taking in $38 million domestic and $102.9 million worldwide, from just a $10 million budget. While these Saw movies are never usually massive hits, they are often quite profitable since the budgets are kept so low.
While nothing has been confirmed yet, a report from last month suggested that the Twisted Pictures production company is planning to keep this horror legacy alive with Saw 9, which could push the Saw franchise to over $1 billion worldwide, with its global tally from all eight films combined currently at $976.2 million. Tobin Bell even hinted in an interview last week that he would be interested for coming back for a ninth installment, although there is no indication that Lionsgate is ready to green light this sequel.
The Spierig Brothers' new film Winchester hits theaters this weekend, delving into the true story of the Winchester Mystery House in Northern California. The directors, whose previous work includes Undead, Daybreakers and Predestination, aren't currently attached to a new project, so it's possible they could return to the helm for Saw 9. Jigsaw was written by Josh Stolberg and Peter Goldfinger, although it's unclear if the writers will be back for Saw 9 as well. The filmmakers revealed these details in a new interview with Screen Rant.
Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson is about to be even more outnumbered by the women in his family.
The 45-year-old “Jumanji” star announced Monday that he and longtime girlfriend Lauren Hashian are expecting another baby girl together.
“Our Jasmine Lia would like to make a big announcement – IT'S A GIRL!,” he wrote alongside a photo of his two-year-old sitting under the Christmas tree with a sign reading, “Can't wait to be a big sister!!! And finally be the boss!”
Johnson's caption continued, “@laurenhashianofficial and I are boundlessly grateful for this blessing as this spring we'll welcome our second baby. Plus, Jazzy is excited to boss around and protect her lil' sis. And once again, big daddy is completely surrounded by beautiful estrogen and loving, powerful female mana. All girls. Only dude. I wouldn't have it any other way.”
Hashian and Johnson welcomed their daughter Jasmine in 2015. He also has a 16-year-old daughter, Simone, with ex-wife Dany Garcia.
It sounds like it's going to be a very merry Christmas for The Rock & Co.
A post shared by therock (@therock) on Dec 11, 2017 at 2:30pm PST
BOCA RATON, Fla. — Blame quantity, not quality, for the inconsistent standards regarding goalie interference.
The 170 challenges through 1,100 games this season surpassed the 166 from last season. That's a lot of chances to get a call wrong.
Meanwhile, challenges to offside calls have dropped from 118 to 68 in that same span.
The reason? Since the start of this season, a wrong offside challenge results in a penalty, which has acted as a deterrent against frivolous claims.
While there was some discussion during Monday's GM meetings of applying a similar punishment to wrongful goalie interference challenges, the subjectivity of the calls makes it a bit trickier.
Still, it would cut down on coaches challenging goals simply because they have nothing to lose.
“We talked about that, but black-and-white and subjective are the two areas that you're concerned with,” said Colin Campbell, Executive Vice President and Director of Hockey Operations. “But still, it's not out of the picture. It's something to consider, because if it's not a guaranteed goal in the third period, why not throw up a flag and see what happens.
“And the goalie's like, ‘C'mon, stick up for me.' They look to the bench and wonder why it's not being challenged.”
* * *
The league invited three referees — two retired and one current — to Monday's GM meetings to get a better perspective on what the on-ice official is looking for when it comes to goalie interference. There is also talk of having one ref in the situation room to help communicate with the on-ice official during a video review.
* * *
One suggestion that didn't get much traction was either shrinking the goal crease or adopting the IIHF rule by making the blue paint completely off limits for anyone but goalies. The reason is there would be far too many whistles — and potential headaches.
“You really want to complicate things today, don't you?” said Toronto Maple Leafs GM Lou Lamoriello. “There hasn't been any discussion on that as yet, but there's always discussion as to what you can and can't do to make the game better. But I think right now the focus is on the challenges.
“I know in my past, in college, you couldn't go in the blue paint. It was a whistle and a power play. That's the way it was.”
* * *
A week ago, the Professional Hockey Writers' Association voted to make public their ballots for end-of-season awards. Now, the league's GMs are expected to discuss whether they should also have transparency.
The GMs vote on the Vezina Trophy, as well as the NHL General Manager of the Year Award.
* * *
With Edmonton's Connor McDavid tied for second in league scoring with 89 points — just four back of Tampa Bay's Nikita Kucherov — there is some debate as to whether last year's Hart Trophy winner can be an MVP candidate if he is playing on a non-playoff team.
Just don't ask Lamoriello for his opinion on the matter.
“You are asking the wrong guy, because I think the most valuable player is the team so I don't even think about anything other than that,” said the Leafs GM. “I wouldn't even have a thought process.”
Unlike the Ted Lindsay Award, which the players vote on and goes to the “most outstanding player,” the Hart Trophy is awarded to the player judged “most valuable to his team.” In each of the last four years, the winner of one has also won the other
* * *
When Kevin Cheveldayoff acquired Paul Stastny from the St. Louis Blues at the deadline, he hoped the 31-year-old veteran would come in and provide a calming influence for 19-year-old Patrik Laine. But he never thought it would be like this.
Since the trade, which cost the Winnipeg Jets a first-round pick in this year's draft, Laine has exploded with 12 goals and 17 points in 10 games. Stastny, who has missed three of those games, has 10 points and linemate Nikolaj Ehlers has nine points.
“Certainly there has been great chemistry right off the bat,” said Cheveldayoff. “But he's come in as billed. He's a real student of the game and a real competitor. As a young player, you see if you're going to get from this level to this level, this is the type of seriousness or dedication that you need to have happened.”
* * *
As of Monday night, Colorado was holding down the first wild card spot in the Western Conference. It's a far cry from where the team was a year ago, when the Avalanche had a league-worst 48 points — 21 fewer than the next-worst team.
“What a difference a year makes,” said GM Joe Sakic, who looked to be in for another long season after trading forward Matt Duchene to Ottawa in November. “It's just been fun to see this group of kids come in — not only our kids, but our veteran — with a totally different attitude and competing.”
A big reason for the team's success has been forward Nathan MacKinnon, who is tied for second in league scoring with 38 goals and 89 points in 64 games. Since March 1, he and linemate Mikko Rantanen are tied with a league-best 18 points in nine games.
“When he's going, the whole team is going,” said Sakic. “MacKinnon's playing at a whole new level. He's really taken it upon himself to be that leader and has really carried the group. There's not a whole lot of players in the league who can do what he's done and what he's doing for our club.”
mtraikos@postmedia.com
twitter.com/Michael_Traikos
By Allison Lampert and Julia Fioretti
MONTREAL/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - China has cooled to a landmark deal to curb emissions from international flights, with the country no longer listed as a participant in the agreement's first phase, according to the United Nations aviation agency's website.
China does not appear on a June 29 list of participants in the voluntary phase of the deal brokered by the International Civil Aviation Organization in 2016, according to ICAO's website.
Aviation powerhouse China was included in previous lists seen by Reuters. It is not clear why China now objects to the deal. The first or pilot phase begins in 2021.
Environmentalists say China's participation is vital for the 2016 Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation (CORSIA) deal, which requires airlines to limit their emissions or offset them by buying carbon credits from designated environmental projects around the world.
Europe will press China to remain, after the country recently argued it never agreed to join the first phase, according to sources who spoke on condition of anonymity about the private talks.
"In the months to come, Europe together with its ICAO partners, will work with China to find ways to address China's concerns without undermining (the deal's) environmental integrity in order to keep this important aviation country on board," a European Union source said on Tuesday.
The Civil Aviation Administration of China and ICAO did not respond to requests for comment.
In 2016, China and the United States pledged support for the deal, with both countries saying they expect "to be early participants."
A second source said China is likely distancing itself as a negotiating tactic. Talks are expected this fall over which environmental projects will be available to airlines for purchase as offset credits.
China wants its domestic projects to be eligible, the source said.
The United States, which last year announced plans to withdraw from the Paris climate pact, is still in the aviation deal and the Federal Aviation Administration said it would continue to work "on the implementation of CORSIA."
Airlines support the agreement as a cheaper alternative to a patchwork of regional deals. Citing ICAO figures, the Air Transport Action Group estimates CORSIA will cost airlines between $1.5 billion and $6.2 billion in 2025, depending on future carbon prices.
"We are disappointed that the Chinese government has decided not to participate in the pilot phase of CORSIA," said ATAG executive director Michael Gill in a statement.
(Reporting by Allison Lampert in Montreal and Julia Fioretti in Brussels; Additional reporting by Adam Jourdan in Shanghai; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
ISTANBUL, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Turkey's Enerjisa Enerji said on Friday that there was no revision to the price range for its planned initial public offering and the flotation was still set at 6.25-7.50 lira per share. (Reporting by Ebru Tuncay and Ceyda Caglayan; Writing by David Dolan; Editing by Dominic Evans)
From creek flooding to high ground water. Homeowners in the tiny south Okanagan community of Willowbrook can't seem to catch a break. Shelby Thom reports on the situation, and why residents say it all could have been avoided.
The Inspector General of Police, Mr. Ibrahim Idris, has threatened to dismiss any officer found hobnobbing with politicians or act in a way that could vitiate the July 14 election in Ekiti State.
Idris urged his men to be neutral and apolitical in line with the new creed of the Nigeria Police Force to serve Nigerians with dignity and honesty.
He spoke in Ado Ekiti on Wednesday during a lecture organised for Divisional Police Officers (DPOs) in the state and other officers and men of the Force to sensitise them on the need to exhibit right attitudes for this coming election.
Idris, who was represented by the Commander in charge of Public Complaint Rapid Response Unit (PCRRU), ACP Abayomi Shogunle, said ensuring smooth electioneering process and allowing the will of the electorate to prevail on the day of election were parts of the responsibilities of the police under him.
The IG urged members of the public to report any police found not to be professional as election gather momentum to the PCRRU that will be headed by Shogunle during the election.
He said: “We were not happy with complaints that dogged the outcome of the last election in Ekiti, particularly regarding the conducts of security personnel. Though, police were not fingered, but we need to charge our men on the need to be apolitical.
“We have no business being partisan. Our duty is to provide security for electorate, election observers, ballot materials on the day of election and nothing more.
“You could recollect that those officers that were accused to have misbehaved in 2014 in Ekiti State have been investigated and punished by the authorities.
“I want you to be professional in your duties and wherever you are posted to. The police work is like a service to the people. Don't intimidate anybody to please politicians. You must think of your career in the Force and prevent enjoyment of one day from destroying it.
“I know your salaries are not big, but there is dignity in contentment. Don't allow these moneybags to spoil your names and your future.
“Election will come and go and later politicians shall realign and become friends while you will be in trouble, facing it all alone.
“We are saying that we are going to dismiss whoever is found guilty of misbehavior in this election. If we have strong evidence against you, we will also take legal action against you as well.”
Idris also directed the Commissioner of Police, Mr. Ahmed Bello, to direct his men to destroy all illegal check-points mounted across the state.
“Though, some checkpoints are made to create a defence, those are legal ones permitted to exist. But anyone that is mounted to extort the populace must cease to exist,” IG stated.
Finding ways of volunteering in the community just got a bit easier.
Launched earlier this month by the Town of Peace River, the online-based Volunteer Hub is aimed at simplifying the process for individuals eager to volunteer their time to connect with regional organizations and not-for-profits.
“Volunteering is such an important asset to our community because it helps volunteers develop job skills, explore careers,” said Volunteer Resource Coordinator Alana Souter. “It creates a stronger sense of community responsibility and it can help individuals become healthier. It also can be extremely fun!”
Those interested in helping lend their skills are able to sign up using an online form, where they can specify the types of opportunities they are willing to take part in. The form also collects the qualifications and skills the individual can bring to the table.
Submitted forms are then entered into a database, and those individuals are then matched with potential organizations looking for volunteers that meet their criteria.
Towns, Municipalities, organizations and not-for-profit groups are also able to submit a form outlining what their needs are.
“Our goal is to zero in on what each volunteer is passionate about and connect them with the right volunteer opportunity,” Souter added.
Souter stated that the Volunteer Hub simplifies the process of involvement in community events and efforts for volunteers, allowing them to fill out one form and ensure they do not miss out on opportunities that may have otherwise not known about.
“The Hub was created because every great town needs an army of great volunteers,” she said. “There was a need in our community where volunteers could go to one singular place and browse current volunteer opportunities.”
Those interested in signing up for the initiative can do so by filling out the required form on https://peaceriver.ca/community-services/fcss/volunteer/. The Town of Peace River is also continually adding volunteering opportunities submitted to their hub onto the news portion of its website.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
TAMPA, Fla. -- Buccaneers running back Doug Martin was at the team's facility Monday for the start of the offseason program, general manager Jason Licht confirmed.
The two-time Pro Bowler left the team with one game remaining last season to begin serving a four-game suspension for performance-enhancing substances and to enter a drug treatment program. League rules permit him to participate in the offseason program, training camp and the preseason, but he will miss the first three games of the regular season.
Editor's Picks Bucs pick up 5th-year option on WR Evans The Buccaneers have exercised the fifth-year option on WR Mike Evans' contract, the team announced Monday.
"He looks great right now; he looks as good as I've seen him since I've been here, from a physical standpoint," Licht said. "He was in very good spirits. We're excited to have him, excited to see how he does out here in OTAs."
"It's good to see him. It's good to see him looking good physically," Licht said. "[He's] in good spirits, it seems like the trajectory is going up."
With the NFL draft looming, Licht acknowledged that this next week and a half is critical for Martin to assert his place with the team.
The Bucs have worked out and met with a number of top running back prospects, including, most recently, Florida State's Dalvin Cook, a projected first-round pick (and possibly in the top 10), along with Texas' D'Onta Foreman and Oklahoma's Joe Mixon.
"We can't answer all the questions in 10 days but it's good to see him here," Licht said of Martin. "It's good to see him. It's been good to see that he's been working his butt off."
Because he violated terms of his contract, the Bucs are no longer obligated to pay Martin the $7 million he was guaranteed for 2017. Licht said that the team's decision regarding him will not be financially motivated.
He also emphasized that the team is in no rush to make a decision on Martin and could actually wait to make a decision on him after the season begins, when Martin returns from serving his suspension.
Quarterback Jameis Winston was asked about the "uncertainty" of Martin's situation.
"Well I'm very certain of Doug Martin. He's an amazing player. He battled some injuries last year but to this team, he means the world," Winston said. "We loved seeing him out there [today], seeing Doug be Doug ... it was good to see him out there, good to see his spirits up -- I know he's going to have a great year for us."
Added defensive tackle Gerald McCoy: "Nothing has changed for us. He's part of the family. Doug is Doug. We love Doug. Doug has an energy level that you guys miss seeing that he brings to this team in private. It's great to have him in the building."
Anna Laudel Contemporary presents a solo exhibition, titled "Un-Weave" by the acclaimed artist Belkıs Balpınar who has pioneered the art of weaving in Turkey and is considered to be one of the most inventive practitioners of the "art kilim" ("kilim" meaning "rug" in Turkish) medium within and beyond Turkey's borders.
Balpınar is known to be the first name in Turkey to produce contemporary art works by using traditional weaving techniques. She has been producing works using the traditional rug texture inspired by scientific themes including different spatial fields like microcosmos, macrocosmos, quantum physics and galaxies. These themes are also her subject of study. Balpınar expresses that the books she has been reading in the field of physics and astronomy have been the main sources of her inspiration.
Balpınar also investigates the theoretical and practical aspects of perception both as a scholar and an artist. She treats the forms she creates on the rug texture as a reflection of the movements in the space and gives depth to her works by adding motifs on plain rug warps.
Belkıs Balpınar
Her motifs touch upon the relationship between space and the unlimited aspect of shadows, which also adds dimension to her works. The artist states that, Albert Einstein's theory, which claims the existence of the fourth dimension through space and time, has had a great effect on herself and her production. Thus, she produces works reflecting the contribution of science to arts and culture.
Balpınar points out that contemporary artists are more focused on the current chaos and issues of the world while she is interested in the essence of our being, looking from a relatively more universal point of view and states that "The world that human beings created is very complicated. However, in the billion-galaxy and billions of stars, we see a regularity and order which is a result of our perception of time. Many artists try to find and reflect on something from the chaos throughout the world. Yet, I try to capture images that imply spaces created by the movements of the galaxies and planets in the microstate, or particles in the micro-space that seem more ordinate in regard to our understanding of time."
"Quanta Felt," 145x125 cm.
Today, there are many internationally recognized textile artists across the world including countries where there is no tradition of textile. On the contrary, Turkey is one of the centers for textile weaving, which is known with its tradition of characteristic rugs and kilims.
Still, the application of weaving does not reflect on the field of contemporary art. In this regard, Balpınar is one of the prominent figures of this field who has developed and applied modern ideas to various weaving techniques. Over the years, she has created a new technique of weaving which she calls "un-weaving," which means weaving the first plane and leaving the background untouched. By this way she discovered that the forms existing in space are better expressed and also it creates a three-dimensional pictorial plane that can be seen as a form of woven painting.
About the artist
After graduating from the Textile Department of Istanbul Fine Arts Academy, Balpınar worked as a curator at the Carpet Department of Turkish and Islamic Arts Museum and as the founding director of Istanbul Foundations' Carpet Museum. Since 1986, the artist has been known as the pioneer of the field called "art kilim" with her works made by using the traditional rug texture in a contemporary context, inspired by different spatial planes of earth and microcosm.
As a researcher and writer, Balpınar has written books and articles regarding rugs and carpets, and also gives conferences in this field both in Turkey and abroad. Balpınar, who designed the pieces of rugs for the entrance walls of the World Bank building in Washington D.C. and entrance walls of the Aramco Center in Saudi Arabia, Zahran, also had exhibitions in Istanbul, Ankara, New York, Princeton, Washington D.C., Stockholm, Caracas, Milan, Tokyo, Ljubljana, Moscow and Bahrain. In addition, the artist has participated in group shows such as the Modernist Exhibition in New York and the Art Basel Miami Art Fair.
Some of the special collections that feature Balpınar's works are Miuccia Prada in Milano, the World Bank in Washington D.C. and the Bernard Chappard in New York. Balpınar has been living and working in Bodrum since 2006.
ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) — Corey Perry scored the decisive shootout goal, Ryan Kesler had a hat trick and goalie John Gibson made 51 saves to set career and franchise records in the Anaheim Ducks' 4-3 shootout victory over the Philadelphia Flyers on Sunday night.
Kesler had his fourth career hat trick and the first since April 7, 2011, with Vancouver. Gibson faced a career-high 54 shots. Jonathan Bernier, who played briefly in the second period, made one save
Philadelphia had a season-high 55 shots and limited Anaheim to 25 shots on goal. Travis Konecny, Sean Couturier and Brayden Schenn scored for the Flyers, and Steve Mason made 23 saves.
A delicious night: the 2017 Keystone Awards
SHERIDAN — Food is not exempt from trends and the 2017 Keystone Awards is no exception. The 2017 event will introduce some au courant hors d'oeuvres as part of the evening's festivities on April 20 at the WYO Theater.
The Keystone Awards honors individuals for their contributions to community. The night fetes honorees with live entertainment, tribute videos to each honoree, music, personal introductions and an after-party. And there's the reception prior to the show with more music…and food.
The Keystone Awards are not like many other award events.
This is the seventh year for the Keystone Awards. The awards were organized by the Sheridan Senior Center as a fundraiser to support the center's services to elders living at home in the community. The Senior Center was started by a group of volunteers in 1972.
“We were trying to think of a ‘fun-raiser' for the Senior Center,” Keystone event chair Rindy West said. “We want to celebrate the lifetime of achievement of service to community.”
West is the development director for the Senior Center.
“The first idea was a roast but realized that something celebratory was better,” West said. “Volunteers Ky Dixon and Carmen Rideout had seen the Kennedy Center Honors and we decided to pattern the Keystone Awards after that. The idea took off.”
Dixon was the executive director for the Sheridan Senior Center prior to Rideout stepping into that position in February 2000.
The 2011 and 2012 Keystone Awards were at the Sheridan County Fairgrounds Exhibit Hall. From the first year, the evening included live entertainment, food and a reception along with tributes to the honorees. The event moved to the WYO Theater in 2013 and was the first event to utilize the newly constructed Mars Theater when it opened.
In 2013, the event introduced Keys to the Stone honorees celebrating outstanding students from the five county high schools and Sheridan College.
While new honorees are spotlighted, new venues, new entertainment and the food provide supporting roles to the evening.
Nine subcommittees comprise the larger overall Keystone Awards committee. The event food committee selects the food and the caterer. Volunteer Georgia Boley, a self-proclaimed “foodie” and a registered dietitian, was naturally drawn to role. Boley has overseen the event's menu for four years.
The committee selected Red Velvet Bakery to cater the 2017 event. Boley and bakery owner Wayne Gable have been working together on the menu for months. They begin with a look at foods that complement each other.
“Knowing how amazing Wayne has done in the past, it's pretty easy,” Boley said.
Gable was trying and tweaking some of the evening's offerings a week in advance of the event and brought Boley in for her input.
“It's fun to work with a creative fellow-foodie like Wayne,” Boley said. “He has a passion for fresh food that's novel and delicious.”
Gable is preparing more than 3,600 individual bites for an anticipated attendance of 300 that includes honorees, guests, dignitaries, sponsors and the community.
The hors d'oeuvres menu this year features chicken tacos, pork tacos, Romain Thai veggie boats, shrimp, baked jalapeños with cream cheese and bacon, homemade cookies and a variety of gelato cups that will be offered during the honoree reception. The honoree reception is from 6-7 p.m. prior to the entertainment at 7:30 p.m.
The honoree reception and live entertainment are included in the event ticket price. Tickets are $75 per person with a special $35 price for students, military personnel and individuals registered with the Senior Center.
The 2017 Keystone honorees are child advocate Reta Onstott, philanthropist Jacomien Mars, and former Sheridan Mayor Jim Wilson. Mars' husband and fellow philanthropist, Forrest Mars, will be honored posthumously this year. From 2011 to 2016, 19 individuals have been honored as Keystone honorees. The 2017 Awards will raise the number to 23 honorees.
The 2017 Keys to the Stone are students Frank Bacca (Sheridan College), Kylar Klaahsen (Arvada-Clearmont High School), Paden Koltiska (Sheridan High School), Sierra McCoy (Tongue River High School), Whitney Migrants (Fort Mackenzie High School) and Tanner Warder (Big Horn High School).
By Lois Bell
Sheridan Senior Center
SINGAPORE: Ingestible tracking technology could be used to ensure patients do not become addicted to painkillers such as opioids, according to an online article published in MIT Technology Review on Dec 11.
The ingestible trackers from EtectRx, which contain a sensor and medication to track drug-use patterns, were tested by 15 patients from Brigham and Women's Hospital in London with acute fractures. They were instructed to take one or two 5mg oxycodone (a type of opioid) digital pills every six to eight hours as needed for pain, and return the unused pills after seven days.
Each pill has a unique radiofrequency emitter and a gelatin capsule containing an oxycodone tablet. When the capsule dissolves, the medication is released and the emitter, activated. The patients also wear a patch on their abdomen that is attached to an iPod-sized reader which stores data on pill ingestion.
The results of the study, which were published in the December issue of Anesthesia & Analgesia, found that the patients self-administered opioids to manage pain for only a brief period and only took a fraction of the number of pills they were given.
"It is fascinating to see this technology literally live and in action, especially in light of recent data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention about the risk of long-term opioid addiction in patients who have even short courses of oxycodone,” said corresponding author Dr Peter Chai of the Brigham and Women's Hospital's Division of Medical Toxicology.
"The findings of our pilot study indicate that most patients stopped taking their prescription opioid after only a brief period, even among patients with fractures that required surgical management,” he said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“We would hope that one day, the reader would become integrated into wearables that people use every day - think the watch band of the Apple Watch, or the case of your smartphone,” Dr Chai said on MIT Tech Review.
“That would really allow the reader to start to meld into the everyday life of patients.”
Associate Professor Larissa Mooney, director of the UCLA Addiction Medicine Clinic, is not convinced yet that digital pills could be used to prevent or treat addiction.
“This will only work if people agree to and consent to being monitored. Somebody who doesn't want to have their every dose recorded could refuse this medicine, so there are always going to be limitations,” she said.
Disney likely to acquire 21st Century Fox: How the mega merger will change Hollywood's landscape
When one of the biggest Hollywood studios is in talks with one of the most successful Murdoch empires, a major shake up in the fates of top studio executives hangs in the balance.
As reported by Variety, the possibility of Disney acquiring the 21st Century Fox studios and other assets is definitely on the cards and a deal worth $60 billion might be on the table after substantive talks between high-level executives over the Thanksgiving holidays.
The news of a possible merger has raised the question of Fox's film studio and its TV kingdom's future under the Disney umbrella, which includes other premium acquisitions like Marvel, Pixar and Lucasfilm. The two Murdochs who head Twenty-First Century Fox, CEO James Murdoch and executive chairman Lachlan Murdoch, are unlikely to work under another media giant. It is being reported that James might seek a role overseeing international TV operations and Lachlan might stick with the assets not going to Disney, Fox News, Fox Sports, Fox Broadcasting and the TV station group, as stated in the same report.
The fate of the head of the film studio Stacey Snider, who has been credited with a creatively successful stint in her one-year-old role, is also under speculation as the legendary 75 year old Walt Disney Studios Chairman Alan Horn is one of the biggest studio chiefs today and Snider might have to take a role secondary to him. The possibility that Fox studio might operate as a stand-alone entity within the Disney umbrella is also in the mix, as per the same report.
But it is the crown jewel of Fox's empire, the TV studio which owns and runs some of the biggest and most successful TV shows and is far larger and profitable than Disney's ABC Studios unit, that has put the TV studio bosses — Dana Walden and Gary Newman — at an interesting crossroad. Would they continue to helm their TV empire or migrate to other lucrative offers like Amazon Studios?
This merger will be closely watched by industry watchers and bring together a massive treasure of content, both on film and TV together, changing the Hollywood landscape forever.
After being listed as a game-time decision earlier on Monday, we now know the official status for Washington Capitals defenseman Karl Alzner for Game 3 of their first-round series against the Toronto Maple Leafs.
He is out.
The Capitals announced just before the start of the game that the veteran defenseman will be sidelined due to an upper body injury and is currently listed as day-to-day. He will be replaced by Nate Schmidt who will start the game skating on the team's top defense pairing alongside John Carlson.
The fact Alzner is not playing is particularly noteworthy given how long it has been since the Capitals have played a game without him in the lineup.
Monday's game will be Alzner's first missed game since the 2010 playoffs when he sat out Game 6 of the Capitals' first-round series against the Montreal Canadiens.
The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) on Saturday advised students not to allow themselves to be used as political thugs during the 2019 general elections.
Mr Chinonsu Obasi, National President of Association gave the advice at a news briefing in Minna.
He said that desperate politicians would use and dump any of them who allowed himself to be manipulated.
Obasi said that the association has taken measures in mobilising students to acquire permanent voters card to enable them participate in the electoral process.
The NANS president urged the Federal Government to introduce security measures to resolve lingering security problems in the country.
He said that this would only be possible if the government provide modern working facilities to security agencies.
Obasi also said that it was time for the government to address the lingering fuel scarcity and other issues affecting the masses.
According to him, innocent Nigerians are being killed in the name of cattle rustling, armed banditry, kidnapping which urgently require government action.
“What Nigerians need urgently is peaceful atmosphere for economy growth, availability of fuel, electricity, security of lives and property for peace, progress and political stability in the country.
“The Federal Government should address the security threat posed by the spate of Fulani herdsmen attacks in some part of the country leading to the death of thousands of innocent Nigerians.”
WILMINGTON — Clinton County was recently recognized as one of the “Top 100 Micropolitans” in the U.S., according to a ranking by Site Selection magazine.
This trade publication annually ranks states and regions on their success in securing projects that result in new investment and job creation opportunities.
In 2017, as it did the previous two years, Ohio produced more Top 100 micropolitans than any other state — 16 — while Georgia came in second with 14. The Wilmington — Clinton County micropolitan tied for 64th on the list.
Annually, Site Selection magazine offers the opportunity for states to submit projects, announced or initiated, for consideration for the Governor's Cup – awarded to the state(s) with the greatest number of qualifying projects and total projects, per capita for the previous year (2017).
Projects needed to meet at least one of the following criteria: 20 or more jobs created; 20,000 square feet or more of new or expanded space be constructed; or capital investment of $1 million or more for construction, land or building. According to Site Selection's Conway Projects Database, it focuses on new corporate facility projects with significant impact, including headquarters, manufacturing plants, R & D Operations and logistics sites.
Clinton County submitted four projects, with a combined impact of $70 million in new investment, 150 new job opportunities to be created, and 400 jobs retained. The project submissions are “vetted” by JobsOhio, the state's economic development agency, and again by Site Selection's staff.
County-wide projects were submitted by the Clinton County Port Authority (CCPA).
“We're pleased to see our community receive national recognition as an exceptional location for business expansion,” said Dan Evers, CCPA Executive Director. “The projects, and the effort to provide relevant project data for this review, are a reflection of our local units of governments and local economic development network working together to facilitate growth and investment.
“We appreciate the opportunity to collaborate with the Dayton Development Coalition and JobsOhio in submitting these projects, and in the work done to secure these opportunities. It speaks volumes about our community, region, and state's collective effort to facilitate economic development opportunities.”
Statistically, a micropolitan is area with an urban cluster with at least 10,000 but less than 50,000 in population, according to the Census bureau. It recognizes 550 micropolitan statistical areas in the United States.
The Bright Farms facility is under construction on Davids Drive. It announced its intention to locate in Wilmington, bringing capital investment and jobs to the area. http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_micro-2.jpg The Bright Farms facility is under construction on Davids Drive. It announced its intention to locate in Wilmington, bringing capital investment and jobs to the area. Courtesy photo http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_CCPA-LOGO-Final_4C.jpg Courtesy photo
Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, Sen. Heineken Lokpobiri, has declared the readiness of the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari to initiate and complete legacy projects in the rural areas of the Niger Delta region.
According to Sen. Heineken Lokpobiri noted that despite the difficult terrain the Federal Government is determined to bequeath what he described as legacy projects that would enhance the standard of living of the rural people.
The Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, Senator Heineken Lokpobiri, who was speaking in Yenagoa on Saturday after an inspection tour of project sites in Ekeremor and Sagbama local Government areas, expressed satisfaction with the pace and quality of work done.
Senator Lokpobiri, who inspected the level of work done at the Alebiri Community protection Shore, Alebiri/Isampou Ogbobabene 2 km link road, Ogbobagbene 3.2 km link road, in Ekeremor, Construction of 6 km Toribeni road in Sagbama Local Government Area of Bayelsa, ommended the contractors handling the projects for their commitment and diligence towards the completion of the jobs.
Senator Lokpobiri also commended the communities, particularly the youths,for their peaceful disposition and support, as there had been no cases of disruption at project sites.
He said the President Muhammadu Bahari is committed in the development Nigeria as a country and the Niger Delta, despite the difficult terrain they found themselves.
”The President is committed to rural developement, these roads will help in agricultural produce, improve the quality of life, create wealth and employment for the people.”
”The Federal Ministry of Agriculture is doing roads even within Yenagoa, water projects both in Bayelsa and Delta respectively.”
”The contractors normally have difficulty with the terrain, pricing of the projects, the landowners, but we are committed to bringing development to the people”.
”We will provide our people with basic infrastructural facilities, for the benefit of Nigerians,” he said.
He said despite the paucity of funds and and under pricing of the job, the present administration would remain resolute in the completion of all projects embarked upon.
Also commenting, the Director Rural Development, Federal Ministry of Agriculture, Mr Olushiyan Femi, commended the contractors for work done.
He noted that the challenges faced during construction of the roads are much, but they are prepared to face it for the road to be completed, within a short period.
Femi said the road have a big benefit to the rural people as it will ease their stress and hardship.
People in Hartlepool have been issued a number of safety steps to help stop them becoming easy targets for arsonists.
Cleveland Fire Brigade are reminding people not to leave wheelie bins and rubbish out before collection day during the Easter holidays.
They have also advised residents to call their local council to pick up furniture and other items after clear-outs, while businesses are urged to ensure skips and waste bins have locks, and are kept in a secure place away from buildings.
The reminder comes after figures revealed that last year saw a big reduction in deliberate fires compared to Easter in 2015.
There were 106 incidents in the Cleveland force area, which represented a 61% drop on the previous year.
Phil Lancaster, director of community protection at Cleveland Fire Brigade said: “Let's make it as difficult as possible for those who are thinking of behaving totally irresponsibly and causing serious damage.
“We are reminding everyone to be sensible and to put bins out only on the morning of collection and bring them back in as quickly as possible.
"Avoid leaving any rubbish or unwanted household items lying around outside your property.
“Fires involving rubbish and bins can easily spread to your home, putting you at risk. Don't let it happen to you.
“We are working closely with the police and action will be taken against anyone deliberately starting a fire.”
Detective Chief Inspector Chris Downes, from Cleveland Police, said: “Offences of arson will not be tolerated.
"Arsonists take risks that could leave someone seriously injured or potentially kill someone. Anyone who commits such offences will feel the full force of the law.”
If anyone has any information about arson or anti-social behaviour in their area, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or the police on 101.
SINGAPORE: A war relic discovered around Lorong N Telok Kurau was safely detonated on Thursday (Oct 5).
The relic was found on Tuesday, The Singapore Army said in a Facebook post on Thursday night.
The day it was found, the Singapore Armed Forces' Explosive Ordnance Disposal team assessed the object to be a high explosive projectile measuring 15cm in diameter and 59cm in length.
The team safely detonated the projectile on Thursday afternoon, it said.
The detonation comes a week after another World War II projectile was found and detonated at a construction site on Jurong Island. Another war relic was found near East Coast Park in March last year and seven war relics near Changi Airport Terminal 2 were disposed of last February.
Advertisement
COVENTRY, R.I. — Police say a woman in Rhode Island had taken out a gun to investigate a noise when she accidentally shot herself.
Coventry police say the woman slipped Friday night and the gun she was carrying discharged, striking her. She had been looking into a noise she heard from behind her home.
WJAR-TV reports the woman was taken to Kent Hospital to be treated for injuries. Her condition wasn't clear.
A police investigation confirmed it was an accidental, self-inflicted gunshot wound.
IS attacked Iraq forces with chemical weapons: military
by Staff Writers
Baghdad (AFP) April 16, 2017
The Islamic State group used chemical weapons against Iraqi forces taking part in the operation to recapture Mosul, injuring some security personnel, the military said on Sunday.
IS has periodically carried out attacks using chemical weapons, but both the toll and the impact on military operations has been minimal and the jihadists' bombs and bullets are far deadlier.
"The Daesh terrorist gangs tried to block the advance of our forces by using shells filled with toxic chemical material, but the effect was limited," Iraq's Joint Operations Command said in a statement, using an Arabic acronym for IS.
The attack on Saturday did not result in any deaths but did cause "limited injuries" among security personnel, the military command said.
The statement said that the forces attacked were part of the massive operation aimed at recapturing the city of Mosul from IS, but did not specify if the attack took place in or outside the city.
Iraqi forces are fighting to recapture west Mosul from IS after retaking the eastern side earlier this year, while soldiers and pro-government paramilitaries are also operating west of the city as part of the operation.
The jihadist group overran large areas north and west of Baghdad in 2014, but Iraqi forces backed by US-led air strikes have since regained much of the territory they lost.
In addition to parts of western Mosul, IS also holds part of Iraq's Kirkuk province as well as areas in the country's west.
Baghdad (AFP) April 13, 2017
The rules of engagement governing US-led strikes against the Islamic State group have not been changed under President Donald Trump's administration, a commander said on Thursday. After taking office in January, Trump ordered the development of a "new plan" to defeat IS, and called for recommendations on changing rules of engagement and "policy restrictions" that go beyond the requirements o ... read more
Related Links
For Alexa Porpaczy, a leap of 1.82 metres at this week's high school track and field provincials could be doubly special.
The Grade 12 athlete from Surrey's Semiahmoo Secondary is the reigning girls high jump champion, thanks to a 1.80 metre effort at last year's meet.
She needs a 1.82-metre jump in competition in the coming weeks to qualify for the IAAF world Under-20 championships in Tampere, Finland, which run July 10-15. If she manages that in one of her attempts at the provincial final on Friday morning (9 a.m. start) at McLeod Stadium in Langley, she'll also earn a share of the meet record.
The current standard is a decade old, thanks to the 1.82 that Alyx Treasure cleared in the 2008 provincials while representing Prince George's D.P. Todd.
It will be no simple endeavour for Porpaczy. Only two Canadian women of any age have eclipsed that mark this season, with the 1.91 the 26-year-old Treasure posted in Australia on April 4 and the 1.84 produced by former New Westminster standout Nina Schultz, 19, two days earlier in Australia.
“It is a pretty big jump,” said Porpaczy, whose season best is a 1.74 from the UBC Open on March 31. She represented Canada at the Commonwealth Youth Games in the Bahamas last July, finishing with a 1.76. “But my practices have been going really well. I'm jumping well then. I think it's going to happen.
“I'm not feeling pressure going into this meet. I don't get too nervous about competing. I love doing it. I can't wait to compete.”
The 5-11 Porpaczy admits her stress level overall is dialed down by the fact that she's already finalized plans for school next fall. She's heading to Tucson, after recently signing a letter of intent with the University of Arizona. The Wildcats have had some success in high jump there in the past, most notably with Brigetta Barrett, an American silver medallist at the London 2012 Olympic Games.
Porpaczy visited Arizona along with Washington, Harvard and Pennsylvania. She also contemplated Canadian programs, including coach Laurier Primeau's UBC team.
An International Baccalaureate student at Semiahmoo, she has already been accepted at Arizona into Pre-Physiology, which is a common starting point for those who wish to get into medical studies.
“It's such a relief to already know what I'm doing and to be happy with my choice,” she explained.
She first learned about high jump in elementary school, had some success in Grade 8 and went from there. She now competes in club for the Valley Royals, under noted jumps coach Ziggy Szelagowicz.
She's a fan of her sport. She admits she can get caught up watching high jumpers on YouTube. In a story last year, she talked about Canadian Olympic champion Derek Drouin being one of her favourites.
This time, the mention of go-to competitors brought up Vashti Cunningham, 20, the daughter of former NFL quarterback Randall Cunningham, who decided to forgo a university scholarship and compete as a pro after signing a deal with Nike in 2016.
She claimed silver in March at the world indoor championships in Great Britain after a 1.93 leap.
“I saw her last year at Mt. San Antonio College,” Porpaczy said, pointing to the prestigious Walnut, Calif. meet, where Porpaczy garnered considerable attention after winning the high school invitational division last season.
“And she was coaching a girl who was competing with me. I didn't go talk to her. I'm a little bit shy. I heard about her. I started researching her. She's insanely good.”
• Meanwhile, the high school track and field provincial championships get going Thursday afternoon at McLeod Stadium in Langley. Among the key finals on Friday are the various divisions of the 100 metres (2:55 p.m.), along with the 400 metres (3:30 p.m.) and the 1,500 metres (4:15 p.m.).
• The boys' rugby provincials are going on in Abbotsford. The triple-A final is 3 p.m. Saturday at Rotary Stadium.
• The triple-A girls soccer provincials are also going on at various Vancouver fields. The championship game is Friday at 11:15 a.m. at UBC.
Sewen@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/SteveEwen
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com
Romania's ruling leftist Social Democrats (PSD) will withdraw political support for the six-month-old cabinet of Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu on Wednesday, two senior coalition politicians said.
BUCHAREST: Romania's ruling leftist Social Democrats (PSD) will withdraw political support for the six-month-old cabinet of Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu on Wednesday, two senior coalition politicians said.
The junior member of Romania's ruling coalition, ALDE, said earlier in the day that it had pulled ministers out of the six-month-old, PSD-led government and withdrawn support for Grindeanu.
Grindeanu, a Social Democrat, has been under pressure to reshuffle his team, with some senior politicians from both the PSD and ALDE accusing his cabinet of poor performance and failing to uphold the governing programme.
(Reporting by Radu Marinas; editing by Mark Heinrich)
HONG KONG: Hong Kong's top court ruled on Wednesday that a British lesbian should be granted a spousal visa in a landmark judgment that could open the door for expatriate same-sex partners to move to the Chinese-ruled city.
The British woman, who requested to be identified only as QT in court, sued the director of immigration in 2014 after she was denied a spousal visa that would have granted her resident status and allowed her to work without the need for a separate visa.
Advertisement
The woman and her partner, a dual British and South African national identified only as SS and who was offered work in Hong Kong, had entered into a civil partnership in Britain. QT did not appear in court.
"Although I cannot be with you in person today, that does not diminish the joy I feel, knowing that Hong Kong's highest court has upheld my right, as a lesbian woman, to be treated equally by the Hong Kong government," QT said in a statement.
The unanimous ruling by five judges, upholding a lower court's decision, brings to an end the case involving rights for the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community, which won support from more than 30 global banks and law firms, including Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley.
"This ruling strengthens Hong Kong's ability to attract
Advertisement
Advertisement
global talent and its competitiveness as Asia's pre-eminent global centre for commerce," the companies said in a statement.
The decision effectively recognises the rights of same-sex couples who legally entered civil partnerships abroad, said the British woman's lawyer, Michael Vidler.
"This does, and will, and can apply to a greater sphere," he said outside the Court of Final Appeal. "We never argued this case is about same-sex marriage for Hong Kong, but we hope this case will pave the way for exactly that."
ONE COUNTRY, TWO SYSTEMS
Hong Kong is a popular destination for expatriates, many of whom work in the city's financial services and legal sectors.
Homosexuality was decriminalised in Hong Kong 1991, although marriage is legally defined as a monogamous union between a man and a woman. It does not recognise same-sex marriage.
There is no law against sexual discrimination in the territory which is governed under a "one country, two systems" formula that promises it a high degree of autonomy, a legal system separate from that of mainland China and an independent judiciary.
The Department of Immigration said it respected the court's decision.
"We are studying the judgment carefully and shall seek legal advice as necessary before deciding the way forward," it said.
In a 45-page judgment, the judges said the director of immigration's assertion that an obvious difference existed between marriage and a civil partnership rested on "shaky foundations".
The court also said that while the director of immigration's policy aimed to attract foreign talent, the act of rejecting same-sex partners was counter-productive.
"As is evident from the attempted intervention of the banks and law firms, the ability to bring in dependants is an important issue for persons deciding whether to move to Hong Kong," it said.
Veteran LGBT activist Billy Leung, who arrived at court with a small rainbow flag, said he knew at least six same-sex couples who had chosen not to move to Hong Kong or had left the city in the past five years over what they described as a lack of LGBT-friendly policies.
"The struggle is real," he said.
(Reporting by Venus Wu; Editing by Anne Marie Roantree and Nick Macfie)
Slavery still exists. The treatment of humans as property is not over. The world was reminded of this disgusting reality when a CNN video surfaced in November, showing a slave auction in Libya, a failed state in an on-again-off-again civil war. The sheer lawlessness of Libya allowed for slavery to go on in the open, with auctions we usually see in movies about the antebellum South. The footage is undeniable, and the value of life is so awfully low: The bidding for a person opens at $400.
The video of mostly West Africans being auctioned in Libya led to international outcry followed by a flurry of articles and protests. But there were warnings before November. Back in April 2017, the International Organization for Migration sounded the alarm on Libyan slave markets where kidnapped African migrants were being traded. The report received some coverage, but not to the extent of the video, nor did it cause similar outrage. Because people simply do not want to believe such a universally despised institution still exists. We feel guilty for having done nothing while people are being sold off. So, we choose the easier option of ignoring ongoing slavery and pretending that it ended. Yet slavery becomes impossible to ignore when we see a human auction unfold on our phones and computer screens.
The news about Libya should not only lead to protesting Libya and bringing about an end to the disgusting slave trade there, but also as an opportunity to remind ourselves that slavery happens elsewhere, too. And it will continue to happen and fly under the radar if we do not talk about it.
Slave ownership was legal in Mauritania until 1981, and was not a criminal offense until 2007, though to this day only one person has been convicted. One to four percent of the population of Mauritania are slaves. In North Korea, which is number one in the prevalence index of the Global Slavery Index, slavery is practiced by the government.
The situation is particularly dire in the Gulf states. In the United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Bahrain and Saudi Arabia, mostly South Asian slaves are exploited and abused. The cases range from domestic servants to construction workers. These countries of immense oil wealth trap migrants in slavery conditions through a system of employer sponsorship, the kafala system. It allows for people to be abused, traded and work in fatal conditions, like in building Qatar's football stadiums for the 2022 World Cup. Thus, it is the pinnacle of hypocrisy for Al Jazeera articles to criticize the Libya video when Al Jazeera, a Qatari state-owned outlet, has never and will never print a word about slavery in Qatar, or elsewhere in the Gulf.
Almost a month after the Libyan auction video, slavery has not ended in Libya, or in the Gulf, or North Korea, or Mauritania, or anywhere else. The only way this will change is if we know and talk about the fact that slavery exists. Make the Libyan auction video the beginning, not the end, of a frank discussion around modern slavery.
(Reuters Health) - Drugs recently approved around the world to fight cancer increased patients' overall survival, but benefits vary depending on the drug, a new study shows.
Researchers looked at the 62 cancer drugs approved in the U.S. and Europe between 2003 and 2013 and found they extended survival by an average of about 3.5 months.
But nearly a third of the drugs lacked evidence to suggest they increased survival when compared to alternative treatments.
"Our results point to the notion that new cancer treatments may not always provide patients with greater clinical benefits, or lower risks, over existing treatments," wrote senior researcher Dr. Elias Mossialos, of the London School of Economics and Political Science, in an email to Reuters Health.
The risk-benefit ratio of new drugs is especially important if people are concerned, for example, about whether the cost of a drug would make it difficult for a person to complete the treatment regimen.
Writing in JAMA Oncology, Mossialos and colleagues point to growing questions about the value of new cancer medicines. While the drugs' high costs may be a barrier to access, they note, some people argue the high prices are justified if the treatments offer large benefits.
A lack of solid data on new drugs' benefits and risks makes it difficult to evaluating their value.
For the 62 medicines they wanted to study, the researchers found data from England, France and Australia evaluating 53 drugs. Nearly 80 percent were tied to improvements in survival, quality of life or safety.
The drugs increased survival - with or without recurrence - by about 3.5 months on average, compared to other treatments available in 2003.
Twenty-three drugs were individually tied to an increase in survival of three months or more. Six drugs extended survival by less than three months. Eight drugs increased survival by an unknown amount. And for 16 of the approved drugs, there was no evidence to suggest they were better than alternative treatments at extending survival.
The researchers point out in an email that overall survival benefits differed by the type of drug. For example, drugs for thyroid cancer were tied to no increase in overall survival, while drugs to treat breast cancer were linked to an average increase of about 8.5 months.
Twenty-two of the drugs were tied to an improved quality of life, but 24 were linked to worse patient safety, which include side effects and whether a person could tolerate the treatment.
The researchers write in their email that they're extending the study to look at newer drugs. They are also working to link their evidence with the cost of individual medicines.
Mossialos said the study should remind people of the importance of the relationship between doctors and patients. He said, "Patients should work with their physicians to consider all available evidence that exists in support of individual treatments, and use this alongside any inputs from their clinician to identify the treatment that would best correspond with their own medical and personal circumstances."
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2iXJ2QR JAMA Oncology, online December 29, 2016.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT SIGNS FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT WITH ATLAS GENETICS ON COOPERATIONS IN CHINA Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2EvuovW Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
At least 45 civilians, including women and children, have been killed by Saudi-led airstrikes in three separate incidents over the past four days, the U.N. said yesterday.
According to the U.N., a Saudi-led Coalition airstrike killed all the passengers in a civilian vehicle travelling in the Mawza district of the Taiz governorate, and a total of 21 civilians, including five children, were killed in the most recent attack on Friday. On Sunday, during a wedding ceremony in the Bani Qayis district of the northern province of Hajja, two airstrikes killed at least 19 civilians and injured some 50 others, of whom more than half were children. The coalition airstrike also hit a civilian house, killing all five members of a family, a father, mother, and three children in Hajja.
"We note that the members of the coalition are conducting an after-action review of the attack on the wedding party, but urge them to fully investigate all these latest deadly attacks independently, thoroughly and transparently," Liz Throssell, a spokeswoman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, said in a press conference at the U.N. in Geneva yesterday, as reported by Anadolu Agency (AA). According to the U.N., a total of more than 6,300 civilians have been killed, and 9,900 injured since the start of the Yemeni conflict in March 2015. According to the independent monitor the Yemen Data Project, a third of the 16,847 airstrikes since the war started have hit non-military targets. Over the past three years, more than 10,000 civilians have been killed and tens of thousands wounded, while over 3 million people have been displaced because of the fighting. U.N. officials and rights groups have accused the coalition of committing war crimes and of being responsible for most of the killings. Airstrikes have hit weddings, busy markets, hospitals and schools.
The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) on Wednesday announced the attainment of a two-year record spike in gas supply to power generation, which hits 854.40 million Standard Cubic Feet of gas per day (mmscfd) for March 2018, translating to an equivalent power generation of 3,492MW.
Details of the March 2018 National Gas Production figures contained in the Monthly NNPC Financial and Operations Report for the period indicated a total national gas production of 253.06 Billion Cubic Feet (bcf), averaging 8,163.58mmscfd.
The Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Mr. Ndu Ughamadu, made this disclosure in a statement.
The statement noted that the period to date Production from Joint Ventures (JVs), Production Sharing Contracts (PSCs) and Nigerian Petroleum Development Company (NPDC) amounted to about 69.82 per cent, 21.95 per cent and 8.23 per cent respectively.
A breakdown of natural gas off-take, commercialization and utilization showed that out of the volume of gas supplied in March 2018, a total of 152.60 bcf of gas was commercialized, comprising 40.52 bcf and 112.08bcf for the domestic and export market respectively.
This, the report says, translates to a total supply of 1,307.09mmscfd of gas to the domestic market and 3,615.62mmscfd of gas supplied to the export market for the month.
The report said 59.92 per cent of the average daily gas produced was commercialized while the balance of 40.08 per cent was re-injected, used as upstream fuel gas or flared.
“Gas flare rate was 10.55 per cent for the month of March 2018, that is, 867.10mmscfd compared with average Gas flare rate of 10.24 per cent or 804.14mmscfd for the period March 2017 to March 2018”, the report said. The rise in flare rate being a function of spike in gas production during the month.
The monthly report stated that about 3,236.82mmscfd or 89.52 per cent of the export gas was sent to Nigerian Liquefied Natural Gas Company (NLNG) Bonny for March 2018 compared with the period (March 2017 to March 2018) average of 3,122.92mmscfd or 90.64 per cent of the export gas.
In the downstream sector, NNPC continued to ensure increased petrol supply and effective distribution of the product across the country.
The report said that in March, 2018, 2.49bn litres of petrol were supplied by NNPC, translating to 80.26million litres per day to sustain seamless distribution of Petroleum Products and zero fuel queue across the nation.
The monthly Financial and Operations report explained that NNPC was keeping an eagle eye on the daily Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), or petrol evacuation figures from depots across the nation, with, where necessary, the support of the Nigerian Customs Service (NCS) through existing Joint Monitoring Team.
According to the report within the period under coverage, pipeline break stood at 224, of which 25 pipeline points either failed to be welded or ruptured/clamped.
“Thus, 199 pipeline points were vandalized as against 125 recorded last month”, it stated.
PHC-Aba and Aba-Enugu pipeline segment accounted for 177 points or 88.94 per cent of the affected pipeline points, the report revealed.
The March 2018 edition of the Monthly NNPC Financial and Operations Report is the 32nd in the series.
ZANESVILLE, Ohio – The following is the list of all the baseball and softball players give conference awards by the Muskingum Valley League.
BASEBALL
Coach of the Year- Brad Barclay (John Glenn)
Player of the Year – Brad Emerson (John Glenn)
Pitcher of the Year – Paul Szalay (John Glenn)
First Team
Gavin Thompson (John Glenn)
Brady Emerson (John Glenn)
Paul Szalay (John Glenn)
Trey White (Crooksville)
Brock White (Crookville)
Nick Headly (Crooksville)
Nathan Campolo (Sheridan)
Luke Hanson (Sheridan)
Hunter Hardy (Sheridan)
Dallas Rowland (Maysville)
Cole Smith (Philo)
Austin Boyd (Morgan)
Skye Bryan (Tri-Valley)
Dalton Crowley (Tri-Valley)
Trey Givens (New Lexington)
Second Team
Score Perkins (John Glenn)
Eric Stillion (John Glenn)
Kris Smith (Maysville)
Damon Wheeler (Maysville)
Kobe Gamble (Maysville)
Justin Fernburg (Tri Valley)
Aidan Fritter (Tri Valley)
Chase Kendrick (Tri Valley)
Dylan Emmert (Sheridan)
Reece Trowbridge (Sheridan)
Cole Earich (Morgan)
Clayton Cook (Morgan)
Justin Heacock (John Glenn)
Landon Hinkle (Crooksville)
Matt Burnett (West Muskingum)
Honorable Mention
Mike Baughman (Crooksville)
Gaven Rodgers (Crooksville)
Caden Miller (Crooksville)
Drew Campbell (Sheridan)
Caden Mercer (Maysville)
Alex Kridelbaugh (John Glenn)
Drew Mirgon (West Muskingum)
Trey Lutz (Philo)
Clay McCutcheon (Philo)
Seth Russell (New Lexington)
Aaron Foreman (New Lexington)
SOFTBALL
Coach of the Year – Lura Seward (Tri-Valley
Player of the Year – Rylei Miller (Maysville)
Pitcher of the Year – Janessa Dawson (Tri-Valley)
First Team
Madeline Foster (Maysville)
Rylei Miller (Maysville)
Savannah Shumway (Tri-Valley)
Janessa Dawson (Tri Valley)
Jordan Birkhimer (Tri-Valley)
Taylor Pagan (Sheridan)
Kaitlyn Sturgeon (Sheridan)
Sydney Campolo (Sheridan)
McKenzie LeRoy (Crooksville)
Kendyl Hatfield (John Glenn)
Avery Adams (John Glenn)
Bailey Harris (New Lexington)
Layona Davis (New Lexington)
Corin Tom (Philo)
Maiah Bell (Philo)
Second Team
Kearstin Dumolt (Tri Valley)
Alex Lemley (Tri Valley)
Hannah Worthington (Tri Valley)
Ashlan Yarger (John Glenn)
Paige German (John Glenn)
Kaitlyn Smallwood Maysville)
Jaylyn Vincent (Morgan)
Josi Wells (Morgan)
Jorgia Morrow (Morgan)
Melanie Clum (Sheridan)
Sarah Cooper (Sheridan)
Katie Pride (Philo)
Darian Tupuola (Philo)
Camber Revennaugh (Philo)
Hayley Barker (West Muskingum)
Honorable Mention
Logan Chamberlain (Crooksville)
Ava Finck (Crooksville)
Spencer Snider (Sheridan)
Hallie Bennett (Maysville)
Cameron Abella (Maysville)
Rylie Winsor (Maysville)
Kenadee Dillon (New Lexington)
Hailey Watts (West Muskingum)
Laklyn Upvall (West Muskingum)
Kira Hindel (Tri-Valley)
Keely Hebb (Tri-Valley)
Keala Coon (Morgan)
The Head of the Federal Civil Service of the Federation, Mrs. Winifred Ekanem Oyo-Ita has re-emphasized the commitment of the Federal Government to reposition the Nigerian Civil Service for a better and more efficient service delivery in line with the change agenda of the present administration.
A press statement signed, Wednesday by the Director, Media and Public Relations, Mrs Olawunmi Ogunmosunle reveals that Mrs. Oyo-Ita stated this commitment during the visit of the bench marking and study tour group of the Head of Civil Service of the Federation, Heads of Service in the States and Federal and State Permanent Secretaries to the Public Service Commission and Public Service Department of Malaysia on Monday, 2nd July, 2018.
The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation said the visit to Malaysia by key officials responsible for the formulation and the charting of the course of governance in Nigeria is to understand how Malaysia achieved its success story in public service administration.
Mrs. Oyo-Ita commended the widened recruitment drive of the Malaysian Government. According to her the online recruitment which has made it possible for Malaysian graduates all over the world to apply for employment from anywhere in the world and track the progress of their application which is valid for one year is a good innovation.
The Head of Federal Civil Service of the Federation said she was equally impressed by the encompassing requirements listed for recruitment into the public service. She was impressed that the recruitment has been widened to encompass different areas of competence. This includes talent, physical /fitness, leadership and aptitude tests and not just paper qualification.
Mrs Oyo-Ita said the pensionable length of service pegged at three (3) years is admirable because it allows for easy exit for officers who are not getting job satisfaction.
The Head of Civil Service of the Federation reiterated the role of the Civil Service as the base and engine room for development of any nation. She therefore emphasized the need to expose the relevant people to drive the process to the best practices as it obtains in some countries.
The visit will afford the Nigerian delegation the opportunity to interact, share experiences and explore areas of partnership aimed at improving the Nigerian Civil Service and possibly sign partnerships agreements in the areas of capacity building and training, talent management, performance management, innovation, culture change and Human Resources Management system and process automation.
This week we have a newlywed woman whose husband plays way too many video games, and it's affecting their sex life. Game over?
Some people have problems that require delicate advice from a qualified professional. Others just need a random guy on the internet to kick ‘em in the teeth (with honesty, that is). I'm the latter. Welcome back to Tough Love.
Note: I'm not a therapist or health professional of any kind. People ask for my advice and I give it to them. End of transaction. If you have a problem with it, feel free to file a formal complaint here. Now that that's out of the way, let's get on with it.
Hi Patrick. My husband and I have been married for six months, but the last two months has been miserable. My husband is a gamer (this is a non-issue for me, I respect his hobbies) and has completely put our marriage, and by extension me, as a lower priority than gaming with his buddies. He always games with his long-time gaming friends, often taking up nights from 8 p.m. to long past I have fallen asleep. I would ask him to spend time with me during this time, but that would often to lead to fights and him telling me I never let him have fun or enjoy doing things he likes (ouch). Whenever he is gaming he is short, curt, and very rude to me. I want him to have fun but I also want to be respected and to be a priority. I no longer ask him to spend time with me or ask if he wants to do things. I tell him what I am doing and leave the door open. However, sex has all but stopped and we fight about it. Up until two months ago we were having sex four to five, sometimes every day of the week in some manner, but now I am feeling unfulfilled in that realm. He says that he finds sex “dull” now, but couldn't give me any ideas on how to change or improve it. He then said I don't initiate enough, when I pointed out that when I do he always has an excuse or turns me down. He always gets mad or upset and his instinct is to push me away. When the prospect of gaming with his buddies comes around, I am suddenly pushed away and am seen as an annoyance. I don't know what to do. He does not want to see a doctor for depression and refuses to go to a therapist to talk this out. He rarely opens up to me as it is when he is upset. I want my marriage to be a success, but ugh. Please, Terrified Newlywed
Hey Terrified Newlywed:
He's definitely taking your marriage for granted, TN. He thinks he's crossed some imaginary checkpoint in your relationship and doesn't have to try anymore. You need to make him understand that's not the case.
Advertisement
However, you've also dug yourself into a bit of a hole here. You inadvertently made something else he loves out to be the enemy. You may respect his hobby to some extent, but in his mind, all of your complaints probably make him feel that you don't like that he plays video games. He thinks you hate something that he feels is a part of who he is; something that allows him to spend time with friends he doesn't get to see in person anymore. There are probably several layers to his reluctancy to have sex (over-indulgence of escapism and low physical activity being some of them), but it's almost as if he's developed a grudge or is withholding sex as some kind of punishment—like he's mad at you for trying to take his toys away. No bueno.
As a gamer who's had his own fair share of issues like these in the past, I have a few ideas worth trying. First, do not talk to him about this stuff while he's gaming, or immediately after. Take the pressure off. It's clear that whatever it is he's playing primes him to be easily triggered into anger (all that adrenaline, yo), so save yourself the grief. Also, bringing these issues up while he's playing is only going to put him on the defensive and further make him feel like this is an attack on his hobby, as opposed to a problem with your relationship. Talk about this stuff when video games are the furthest thing from his mind.
Advertisement
Second, sit him and down and frame this problem in terms of your feelings so he knows this is serious. It's not “You're always this...” or “You don't do that...”, it's “This makes me feel...” Get it through his thick skull that you're not being a nag, you're legitimately unhappy with the lack of intimacy in your relationship, and you're afraid you're drifting apart. Express to him that you really do want him to play video games because you know it makes him happy, but that you also want him to show you that you make him happy as well.
Third, see if you can find a way to compromise here. Ask him if he'd be willing to schedule his gaming time on a few specific nights every week, then leave the rest of the nights tentatively open for spending time together. Maybe if he knows he always has Tuesday and Thursday nights or whatever to play games totally uninterrupted and uninhibited, he won't feel like he has to steal away to get his gaming time in. Dedicated gaming time might lead him to being more open to do other things on non-gaming nights—like have sex.
Advertisement
But—and I can't stress this enough—it's important you actually make plans with him ahead of time for those non-gaming nights. It's never a good idea to wait for him to sit down to play and then ask him if he wants to do something with you. To him, sitting down and starting to play a game with friends is a social commitment. If he was at a friend's house you wouldn't interrupt and ask him to come home and hang out with you, would you? Don't hover around the house doing nothing, waiting for him to come dote on you, then get upset when he decides to sit down and blow off some steam. Plan some fun dates that get him off his ass and out of the house. Help him find the excitement in the real world again. Maybe a little romance will help him remember why he fell in love with you in the first place, and remind him that sex is more fun than playing PUBG with his bros.
That's it for this week, but I still have plenty of blunt, honest advice bottled up inside. Tell me, what's troubling you? Maybe I can help. I probably won't make you feel all warm and fuzzy inside, but sometimes what you need is some tough love. Ask away in the comments below, or email me at the address you see at the bottom of the page (please include “ADVICE” in the subject line). Or tweet at me with #ToughLove! Also, DO NOT EMAIL ME IF YOU DON'T WANT YOUR REQUEST FEATURED and PLEASE KEEP IT SHORT. I do not have time to respond to everyone just for funsies. ‘Til next time, figure things out for yourself.
Love is in the air at colleges across the U.S. today on the most romantic day of the year. From serenades to sharing stories, we rounded up how schools everywhere are celebrating Valentine's Day.
At Arizona State University, students are sharing how Cupid's favorite holiday is celebrated in their home countries:
The Cal women's gymnastics team spent their day handing out valentines to the students on campus:
We loved handing out Calentine's Day treats around campus today. Hope to see everyone at Saturday's meet! #ValentinesDay pic.twitter.com/PnNpZ7sWWf — Cal W Gymnastics (@calwgym) February 15, 2017
Music was playing loud and proud for the president of Marshall University today:
.@marshallupres got a little surprise this morning for #ValentinesDay from our chapter of the International Tuba Euphonium Association! 🤗💚 pic.twitter.com/KrbSZHxFoH — Marshall University (@marshallu) February 14, 2017
The relationships that were built at Hofstra University got a special spotlight today with the #HofstraEverAfter hashtag:
"It was during our first date that she told me how she wanted to be proposed to." https://t.co/Vj9Sob8LLz #HofstraEverAfter #HumansOfHofstra pic.twitter.com/QNzoSU9FKd — Hofstra University (@HofstraU) February 14, 2017
To counter the craziness that's been seen around the nation lately, there was a rally for love at Montclair State:
So much love and support on campus at today's rally to celebrate love! ❤ #YouAreWelcomeHere #ValentinesDay pic.twitter.com/cd3O8va38C — Montclair State U (@montclairstateu) February 14, 2017
Duquesne athletes put together an on-campus Valentine's Day date night guide:
You don't have to leave campus to have a great #ValentinesDay Just have a Duquense date. #GoDukes pic.twitter.com/rFYX3D1BO2 — Duquesne Athletics (@GoDuquesne) February 14, 2017
There were all sorts of Pitch Perfect vibes at Clemson today:
.@TigeroarClemson had a big #ValentinesDay surprise for campus! 🔊 You'll want to turn the volume up for this! 🔊 pic.twitter.com/Ng0XQqEigC — Clemson University (@ClemsonUniv) February 14, 2017
Lehigh fabulously trolled their rivals at Lafayette:
This #ValentinesDay, we wish nothing but the best to our friends at @LafCol. Love will be much easier to find…than a victory against us. pic.twitter.com/Wf7zCMugWj — Lehigh Alumni (@LehighAlumni) February 14, 2017
You don't need Some-e-cards when you have BU-cards:
The key to any Terrier's heart? BU e-valentines! Share them with your favorite Terrier today and spread some love! Happy #ValentinesDay! 💕 pic.twitter.com/maagHhJPPm — Boston University (@BU_Tweets) February 14, 2017
Boston University also gave a voice to the almost 10,000 couples who have found love on their campus:
An estimated 9,030 couples met on Comm Ave. This #ValentinesDay, hear their stories about finding #LoveAtBU: https://t.co/kOyTu91Cs5 pic.twitter.com/AOzLbpbweV — Boston University (@BU_Tweets) February 14, 2017
PREGNANT Pippa Middleton met the new Royal baby today as she looks forward to the birth of her first child.
Auntie Pippa, 34, enjoyed a two-hour visit with her new nephew, whose name has yet to be revealed, at Kensington Palace today. The mum-to-be was spotted leaving the royal residence wearing sunglasses and a baby pink roll neck sweater with matching overcoat.
WENN PROUD AUNTIE: Pippa Middleton visited her new nephew at Kensington Palace today
Royal baby boy first pictures: Kate and William leave hospital with newborn son Wills and Kate introduce their third child to the public outside the Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital 1 / 19 PA The Duchess of Cambridge with her newborn son outside the Lindo Wing at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, London
She smiled at waiting photographers before driving away in a black SUV. Pippa and banker hubby James Matthews, 42, revealed they were expecting last weekend. And sister Kate is said to be “delighted”.
GETTY MUM-TO-BE: Pippa announced her pregnancy last week
GETTY LOVED UP: Pippa with hubby James at their wedding, joined by sister Kate
GETTY NEWBORN: The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge welcomed their third child yesterday morning
Princess Charlotte: Wills and Kate's beautiful baby daughter Princess Charlotte was born in 2015, Wills and Kate's second child after Prince George. She was christened in Sandringham shortly after, and has been a regular fixture during the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's official visits 1 / 32 PA Princess Charlotte views a helicopter before departing from Hamburg airport
HAIPHONG, Vietnam: During four years of compulsory rehab in Vietnam, Trung spent his drug-free days gluing together false eyelashes as part of what authorities billed as valuable "work therapy" for his heroin addiction.
But critics say the work of Trung and tens of thousands of others is tantamount to forced labour that rarely helps users extinguish their addiction.
Police sent Trung to a state-sponsored rehab centre on the outskirts of Hanoi, one of 132 in Vietnam, where he says he faced routine beatings from guards and hours of labour for nominal pay.
"Life there, from eating, to walking, to sleeping, to working - there were no human rights at all," explained the 50-year-old, who first began using drugs some three decades ago.
He started using again soon after his release in 2014 - up to 80 per cent of addicts from the centres relapse, according to official figures.
Trung's labour therapy has since been replaced by a daily shot of methadone from a government-run drop-in clinic, which he insists is the only effective treatment he's had.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Today he says he is keeping the addiction at bay, and is trying to mend ties with his only son.
MONEY-MAKERS?
Between 2014 and 2016 more than 65,000 addicts cycled through the centres, usually a mix of compulsory patients sent by police with those admitted by exasperated relatives.
Sometimes they house other marginal groups - the mentally ill and disabled, the homeless, the elderly - along with addicts like Trung, who support the treatment model on paper even if they resent the abuse inside.
Vietnam sends tens of thousands of drug users to compulsory drug rehabilitation centres - authorities call it "work therapy" but critics warn it is forced labour for little pay. (Photo: AFP/Hoang Dinh Nam)
Most will stay for one or two years, or up to four if they are deemed unfit for release, and are subject to a range of daily labour - from farming cashews to making sportswear for Western clothing brands, which they can sometimes earn a meagre salary from.
Right groups accuse officials at the centres of skimming from those salaries or pocketing boarding fees paid by some users' families, and say addicts are detained against their will.
"These are a failure in terms of drug treatment, but they're incredibly successful in terms of generating money for government functionaries who run the centres," said Richard Pearshouse, an associate director at Human Rights Watch who authored a report about the facilities.
Though similar centres exist throughout Asia, experts say the term length and the sheer number of facilities in Vietnam set it apart.
"LOCK THEM AWAY"
Conditions inside vary widely, though several overcrowded centres have experienced mass breakouts.
The government has acknowledged the need to reform the facilities and has softened drug policies, piloting community-based treatment and methadone clinics.
"Vietnamese laws and regulations are being perfected, especially when it comes to drug rehabilitation and treatment, to consider drug addicts patients," said Le Thanh Tung, director of the Department of Social Evils Prevention in Hai Phong city.
The centre houses some 500 addicts - mostly admitted by relatives - who after an initial period of cold turkey withdrawal behind padlocked doors are moved to dorm rooms.
Once clean, they are put to work sewing shoes or tending vegetable gardens and can receive vocational training as electricians or carpenters.
Many in Vietnam think the scheme is a good thing.
"Drug addicts do nothing good for the family or the community, they should be locked away," said Ms Luong, mother of two heroin-addicted sons.
"When you have a drug addict in your house, you live in hell. I have two as such," she told AFP in tears.
Her sons used to pawn her furniture to fund their habit, prompting her to send one to a rehab centre. She kicked the other out and hasn't seen him in years.
Like most of the 200,000 registered drug addicts in Vietnam, her sons were hooked on heroin, though methamphetamines are increasingly popular among Vietnam's youth.
NO SILVER BULLET
Several organisations are trying to roll out community-based care to allow recovering addicts to lead normal lives, and even keep steady work.
But some programs have struggled to gain traction.
"The number one obstacle for us is the lack of awareness about how complex addiction treatment is, people want to have a silver bullet," said Oanh Khuat, executive director of the Center for Supporting Community Development Initiatives (SCDI), an NGO that promotes voluntary and community-based programs.
That approach is one that heroin addict Quan thinks could work for him.
He spent three months and nearly US$900 on a voluntary program - another rehab option run by the government - hoping for better treatment he might have received at a compulsory centre.
But he quickly started using again after he left.
"The rehab model in Vietnam isn't efficient," the chain-smoking 46-year-old told AFP.
He's home again with his family, but jobless and getting high every day.
"We see no help, nothing from the local authorities," he said. "They have always created trouble for me, supervising me as if I was a criminal."
2
MUMBAI: Supriyaa Pathak, who came into limelight with SA RE GA MA PA, has made her way to Sanju, for which she's rendered her vocals along with...read more
(Reuters Health) – As work worries abate, sleep difficulties may also diminish when workers make the transition to retirement, according to a recent study from Finland.
In particular, complaints of nonrestorative sleep and waking up too early in the morning decreased significantly, especially among pensioners who had poor health and stressful work lives before retirement, researchers found.
“People reported experiencing more early morning awakenings and nonrestorative sleep during the final working years than after retirement,” said lead author Saana Myllyntausta, a psychology doctoral candidate at the University of Turku.
Sleep is considered nonrestorative when a person is still tired after sleeping seven to eight hours. Sleep difficulties and short sleep cycles are associated with an increased risk of heart disease, diabetes and early death, Myllyntausta and her colleagues note in the journal Sleep.
“This study would suggest that sleep quality, a key component of our health, is considerably poorer during the working years,” Myllyntausta told Reuters Health by email.
The study team analyzed survey data from 5,800 Finnish public sector employees who retired on a statutory basis between 2000 and 2011. Mandatory retirement age specified in the public sector worker pension law was generally 63 to 65 until 2004, the researchers note. In 2005, it was expanded to age 63 to 68, except for certain worker categories such as primary schoolteachers, for whom mandatory retirement is at age 60.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Every four years, the participants responded to surveys and for the current study, researchers analyzed their responses during the years just before retirement and in the transitional years right afterward.
In the final survey before retirement, 30 percent of the employees reported sleep difficulties, but after retirement, 26 percent reported sleep problems. In the years immediately following retirement, the likelihood of sleep problems dropped 11 percent overall compared to the final years of work.
In particular, waking up too early was 24 percent less likely and non-restorative sleep fell by 53 percent. Little change was seen in difficulties falling asleep or maintaining sleep, however.
In general, sleep duration increased by about 20 minutes after retirement, and for those who had sleep difficulties or were heavy alcohol users before retirement, sleep increased by 45 minutes.
The researchers note that sleep difficulties before retirement occurred more noticeably in those with poorer health, shorter sleep times, psychological stress and job strain.
“Retirement from work is a great opportunity to make positive changes in sleep, as working hours no longer dominate sleep timing and work-related stresses are removed,” Myllyntausta said. “People can make sure they get an adequate amount of restorative sleep.”
This research is part of the overall Finnish Retirement and Aging study, which follows aging workers with wearable activity and sleep monitors from final working years into retirement.
“What we have learned about aging and sleep up to now comes mainly from studies comparing young adults with elderly people, which somewhat neglect sleep changes in middle age,” said Dr. Jean-Claude Marquie of the University of Toulouse in France who wasn't involved in the study.
“Yet, aging is a developmental process which takes place throughout adulthood,” Marquie told Reuters Health by email. “The failure of studies to examine these middle years means that it is unclear whether changes in habits, sleep length and quality of sleep occur gradually or only in later years.”
The Finnish study, for instance, shows that sleep problems were rated higher in 2006 than in 1996, which could reflect an increased public awareness of sleep problems or changes in working conditions, such as more stressful work and longer work schedules, Marquie said. In general, sleep problems started in the 30s and then increased into the 50s, and sometimes even the 70s.
“Another important issue is that former shift workers show similar levels of sleep complaints as current shift workers,” noted Marquie, who is studying the effects of night shift work on sleep, heart disease risk and aging.
“Perhaps the main message is that some of the consequences of poor working conditions can be reversible (but not all of them), and the transition to retirement may be a ‘blessed' period that is important not to push back too far,” Marquie said.
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2z232N0 Sleep, online November 16, 2017.
WASHINGTON | Students at St. Viator Parish School in Las Vegas began school Oct. 2 — hours after the mass shooting in that city — by praying the rosary together in the school gym.
The school is just three miles east of the Las Vegas Strip, the location of most of the city's largest hotels and casinos, and the site of the Oct. 1 mass shooting at a musical festival that left 59 people dead, including the shooter, and wounded more than 500.
“Many of our students' family members work in the hotels on the Strip so obviously there was a lot of concern when we started hearing of the horrible events that were occurring on Sunday evening,” said Viatorian Brother Rob Robertson, school counselor.
A few students had attended the Route 91 Harvest festival, the outdoor country music concert barraged by gunfire from a shooter on the 32nd floor of the adjacent Mandalay Bay casino resort hotel. A fourth-grade student who attended the concert told his classmates his guardian angel had been watching over him that night.
Several parents who had been at the concert decided to keep their children at home the next morning, saying they needed to help their children process the event as a family.
One mother who had been at the concert brought her sons in to school late the next day “understandably shaken by what could have been” and by the horrible scene she witnessed right in front of her, Brother Robertson told Catholic News Service in an Oct. 3 email.
“It was soon very obvious as a parish that we needed to respond to our parishioners who needed a comforting moment of solace,” he said, noting that the young adults in the parish organized a candlelight Taize prayer service Oct. 2 attended by several hundred people.
At the prayer service, people approached the cross at the front of the altar and knelt down for private prayers. One of the couples that came forward was still wearing their wristbands from the concert.
At St. Anne Church in Las Vegas, three miles north of the Las Vegas Strip, many of the parishioners know someone who went to the concert — a niece, a friend or a neighbor — said Msgr. Gregory Gordon, pastor.
The priest told CNS Oct. 3 that no parishioners lost their lives at the concert, but some were injured and all came back terrified.
He has been to the local hospital to administer the anointing of the sick to some of the concert's wounded and said he is on call and would immediately go again if needed.
For now, the city which has so often been a partying atmosphere, remains somber, the priest said. Billboard messages thank people for their generosity and ask for prayers instead of highlighting upcoming shows.
Msgr. Gordon, said the packed interfaith prayer service Oct. 2 at Guardian Angels Cathedral, coincidentally on the feast of the Guardian Angels, included many prayers for peace.
He said he had never heard the song “Let There Be Peace on Earth” sung as loudly as it was that night.
It was as if it were “coming from the hearts of everyone,” he said.
Masses and prayer services have been taking place across the city since the shooting.
“For its reputation as sin city, Las Vegas is a very religious, compassionate and helpful city,” said Brother Robertson, noting this has been proved by the thousands of people who lined up to give blood and the money raised to help families affected.
He said his parish, like many others, has been collecting items – especially restaurant gift cards — to be donated to the local hospitals to give to the family members who have flown into the city from all over the country to be with their wounded family members.
Kim Sennes, a parishioner at Holy Spirit Catholic Church in Summerlin, Nevada, about 10 miles away from the Las Vegas Strip, said her parish has also been involved in collecting items and celebrated a Mass Oct 3 praying for healing and peace in the wake of the shootings.
She said they are reacting to the tragedy with no information about “what was in this guy's head,” referring to 64-year-old shooter Stephen Paddock. The community has been supporting and caring for victims and their families and has contributed to multiple GoFundMe accounts to help pay for burials.
She said at the daily Masses at her parish, especially the day after the shooting, so many people's eyes were swollen from crying.
“You realize how vulnerable you are” when something like this happens, she told CNS Oct. 4, especially in an area where there are so many outdoor gatherings, like the Oct. 1 country music festival. A “sense of numbness” still hangs in the region days after the shooting and the common expression from everyone is: “I'm so sad.”
Sennes, who is 72, and has lived in the Las Vegas area for almost 40 years, has three daughters in the area and six grandchildren. She told one of her daughters who felt so affected by the massacre — comparing it to how she felt after the Sept. 11 attacks — that instead of letting it bring her down she should “become a strong advocate for changing things” such as supporting gun control measures.
The other action is continued prayer, said Brother Robertson. “We are praying for a world where light will overcome darkness. That is what our Lord promises us and we cannot give in to the evil that visits us here and wherever it occurs.”
Follow Zimmermann on Twitter: @carolmaczim
"I love New York. I've never wanted to live anywhere else, but something has to change," she said. "We want our government to work again on healthcare, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway. We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us."
BERLIN: Germany is planning a new law giving authorities the right to look at private messages and fingerprint children as young as 6, the interior minister said on Wednesday after the last government gathering before a national election in September.
Ministers from central government and federal states said encrypted messaging services, such as WhatsApp and Signal, allow militants and criminals to evade traditional surveillance.
"We can't allow there to be areas that are practically outside the law," interior minister Thomas de Maiziere told reporters in the eastern town of Dresden.
Militant attacks in France, Britain and Germany have prompted European governments to tighten up on surveillance of suspected militants. Britain has proposed forcing messaging services to let authorities access encrypted communications.
Among the options Germany is considering is "source telecom surveillance", where authorities install software on phones to relay messages before they are encrypted. That is now illegal.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Austria is also planning laws to make it easier to monitor encrypted messages as well as building out a linked network of cameras and other equipment to read vehicle licence plates.
Last December's lorry attack on a Berlin Christmas market, in which 12 were killed and Germany's struggle to integrate thousands of refugees, have put security high up the political agenda before an election in which German Chancellor Angela Merkel is seeking a fourth term in office.
Ministers also agreed to lower the age limit for fingerprinting minors to 6 from 14 for asylum seekers.
Bavarian interior minister Joachim Herrmann, a Merkel ally whose south-eastern state is the entry point for many refugees fleeing war in the Middle East, said on June 3 he wanted security services to be allowed to monitor children.
That proposal encountered strong opposition in Germany, where the memories of spying in the Communist and Nazi run deep.
"Children are victims of extremism," said Social Democrat family affairs minister Katharina Barley, who said authorities should be protecting children not spying on their friends.
Ministers also agreed to improve communication between the many different regional and national police and investigation agencies in the highly decentralised country.
(Reporting by Thomas Escritt; Editing by Louise Ireland)
SINGAPORE: Mediacorp's entertainment service Toggle said on Wednesday (Jul 4) it is offering a S$10 rebate for World Cup pass holders after customers experienced issues with the streaming of the match between Sweden and Switzerland on Tuesday.
The glitch occurred at 11.15pm, Toggle said in a Facebook post, and was fixed before midnight.
Advertisement
"By then the match was over and customers were disappointed. We fell short of the standards we set for ourselves and of our commitments to our customers," it said.
"As a gesture of goodwill, we will be taking S$10 off the subscription charge for every active Toggle 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia Pass holder. We will email you to inform you how this will be processed," it added.
Toggle said the streaming of the Colombia-England match that followed went smoothly.
"We stay committed to providing a great experience for all our customers during the games and beyond," it added.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Subscribers of Mediacorp's standalone World Cup package are paying S$94.16 to S$112.35 depending on the date of application. Those who opted for the S$159 Toggle Prime plan would have paid S$79.90 for a World Cup Pass add-on.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – Buffalo Police are investigating a shooting incident that happened at about 5:15 Wednesday evening at Clinton Street and Fillmore Avenue.
A male victim was transported to Mercy Hospital in South Buffalo in a private vehicle.
People living in Sand Springs say they are fed up and scared. Some people have been firing guns just across the river, putting their lives at risk.
1 1/2 c. powdered sugar
1 c. softened real butter
2 squares unsweetened chocolate, melted and cooled
1 egg
1 tsp. vanilla
2 1/2 c. flour
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. cream of tartar
1 tsp. salt
In a large mixing bowl, cream butter and powdered sugar.
Add the chocolate, egg and vanilla; mix well.
Combine the dry ingredients, gradually add to creamed mixture, beating well.
Shape dough into a 2-inch diameter roll and wrap in plastic wrap.
Refrigerate for 1 hour or until firm.
Unwrap dough and cut into one-eighth-inch slices.
Place on ungreased cookie sheet.
Bake at 400 degrees for 7 or 8 minutes, or until edges are firm.
Remove to wire racks to cool.
Choose a frosting for your taste.
Store in air-tight container.
SHERIDAN — State Sen. Dave Kinskey, R-Sheridan, was recently honored with the Saving Lives Leadership Award from the Wyoming Governor's Council on Impaired Driving in a ceremony March 14 in Cheyenne.
The Governor's Council on Impaired Driving created the awards program in order to recognize deserving individuals or entities for their exceptional work in encouraging and promoting sustainable programs that prevent impaired driving and its related injuries and deaths.
As a legislator, Kinskey worked with stakeholders for more than a year to draft legislation that would address the weaknesses in Wyoming's existing Ignition Interlock statute.
“His leadership and continuing efforts in the Wyoming Legislature to introduce legislation intended to prevent and reduce impaired driving should be acknowledged,” said Ernie Johnson, council facilitator for the Governor's Council on Impaired Driving.
When the bill did not pass in 2017, Kinskey began working to draft another bill to introduce this session. This bill addressed concerns the Council had identified in the existing statute, strengthened enforcement for non-compliance and provided for offender rehabilitation through the use of Wyoming's 24/7 Sobriety program.
Again the bill did not pass, but Sen. Kinskey said he will not give up.
“Sen. Kinskey's leadership and committed efforts to get impaired drivers off the road should be commended,” Johnson said.
Kinskey represents Wyoming Senate District 22, which consists of Johnson County and eastern Sheridan County.
The Wyoming Highway Patrol Sheridan Port of Entry was also honored with the Savings Lives Award March 14 after efforts led to the interdiction of 50 commercial motor vehicle drivers who were impaired during the period of Oct. 1, 2016, to Sept. 30, 2017. “Sheridan POE officers were consistently diligent during this time frame, looking beyond every commercial driver contact, towards providing a higher level of public safety to the state of Wyoming,” Johnson said.
Wyoming takes a zero tolerance stance on substance use when operating a commercial vehicle, he continued. Commercial drivers who have below a .04 blood alcohol concentration (BAC) are immediately placed out of service for 24 hours and, when applicable, issued a citation. Port of Entry contact with a commercial driver with a BAC of .04 or greater results in a Wyoming Highway Patrol trooper response to further evaluate the driver, perform additional BAC test(s), place the driver out of service, issue any relevant citations and, if applicable, arrest for impaired driving.
“I am honored to be included alongside Wyoming Highway Patrol Sheridan Port of Entry personnel, who save lives every day,” Kinskey said. “Congratulations to them on their very deserving award.”
A-1 Recovery and Towing of Laramie was also honored with a Saving Lives Award for 18 years of providing sober rides to impaired drivers each year on New Year's Eve.
The Associated Press Jan 2, 2017
BANGKOK — A French tourist who tried to have her picture taken with a crocodile in Thailand was injured when the reptile snapped at her when she got too close.
The woman, who is in her 40s, suffered a severe bite wound to her leg Sunday at the Khao Yai National Park, said Thanya Netithammakul, head of the National Park, Wildlife and Plant Conservation Department.
She had been squatting next to the animal, posing for a picture, but she tipped over and the crocodile snapped, the official told the Bangkok Post in a story published Monday.
The attack happened Sunday off the nature study trail in the Haew Suwat waterfall area.
According to the Post, signs warned visitors about the crocodiles and tourists were told to keep to the nature trail.
SINGAPORE: Retail sales fell 0.1 per cent in October compared to the previous year, according to figures released by the Department of Statistics (Singstat) on Tuesday (Dec 12).
Excluding motor vehicles, retail sales increased 0.8 per cent from the previous year. On a month-on-month seasonally adjusted basis, retail sales for October rose 1.5 per per cent in total, but fell 1 per cent excluding motor vehicles.
Computer and telecommunications equipment registered the largest year-on-year decline in sales with a drop of 23.4 per cent for October.
Motor vehicles saw a 3.8 per cent year-on-year decline in sales, while food retailers saw a 3.9 per cent drop.
In contrast, medical goods and toiletries saw a 7.7 per cent increase in sales compared to a year ago, while supermarket sales increased 7.2 per cent.
The total retail sales value in October 2017 was estimated at S$3.6 billion, similar to October 2016, according to Singstat.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sales of food and beverage services also increased 0.7 per cent compared to a year ago, with total sales value estimated at S$722 million, higher than the S$717 million in October 2016.
The Retail Sales Index and the Food and Beverage Services Index measure the short-term performance of retail and F&B service industries based on their sales records. The sales figures exclude taxes such as GST and COE.
Malkangiri: Two Maoists of the John Milesia gang were killed during a gun battle with the police in the Bastar district of south Chhattisgarh.
An exchange of fire took place today morning between the Maoists and (a joint team of) the Chattisgarh Police and the Special Task Force near Kasaram village under the Kistaram Police Station limits of Bastar district. After the Naxals fled, two bodies of their comrades besides a muzzle loading gun and a country-made pistol along with some explosives were recovered from the spot, according to the reports.
The two bodies were identified as Padiami Sana and Ananjam Hunga of John Milesia gang.
Malkangiri Police on the other side has tightened the security arrangements in the district suspecting Maoists' attack in view of Independence Day. All the border areas are sealed in order to avoid any mishap.
To say the World Cup has thrown up a few surprises is an understatement. It's a tournament that's perhaps given us more talking points than ever before.
Of course, that's mainly down to VAR, but there has also been plenty to discuss when it comes to the major nations challenging for the title.
Very few have made a safe passage through the Group Stage. France, Croatia, Belgium and England are perhaps the only three who have had little to worry about, while the likes of Argentina, Germany and Spain have all struggled.
With the Group Stage almost complete, we take a look at how the pre-tournament favourites have performed so far.
Brazil
The Brazilians are still favourites to win the World Cup, despite a slow start to the tournament. They failed to take an opening fixture win and looked slow in possession against Costa Rica.
They sit top of their group though, but that could mean Germany awaits in the Round of 16.
Most bookies still have them at around 9/2 and you can click here to visit Top100bookmakers for all the latest Brazil tips and offers.
You expect there's more to come from the South Americans. Neymar's goal to get him off the mark against Costa Rica could be big for them, and they could well kick on and do what they do best.
Germany
It's been a frustrating tournament for Joachim Low's men so far. They were on the brink of an early exit before Toni Kroos sensationally scored in the dying seconds to keep the dream alive.
That said, they've been poor so far. Disorganised at the back and a lack of bite up top makes them counter-attack fodder during the periods they aren't passing it around in the midfield.
If they want to win the tournament, they need to find something. They've fallen to third favourites now. But of course, you never write off the Germans.
Spain
Spain's World Cup campaign has been somewhat of a disaster. They lost their manager just 24 hours before the tournament started and have failed to exert any kind of dominance on the tournament.
They were fortunate to beat Iran in their second game and got a late equaliser against the Moroccans to take top spot in Group B.
Taking on Russia in the Round of 16, it is an opportunity to advance further in the tournament, and as most big sides do, they improve as they progress.
Belgium
The Belgians have been in fine form so far this summer and have the ability to remove their dark horse tag and go all the way.
Romelu Lukaku is in top form in front of goal and they've had no problem dispatching the lesser sides in Group G, I like most other nations.
A Round of 16 ties looks favourable for Roberto Martinez's men, and get through that and they'll fancy facing anyone in the tournament.
France
Despite being one of the first teams through to the Round of 16, the French have been far from fluid and haven't really lived up to their pre-tournament hype.
They are a side full of stars, none of which have yet to really shine. If Didier Deschamps can find the right formula on top of their knack of winning games, they could well go all the way.
Some members really need to step up though. Their single goal wins haven't been convincing and those in Group D won't be too afraid of facing Les Bleus in the knockout stages.
REUTERS - Diego Costa has accused Chelsea of treating him like a "criminal" in a forthright newspaper interview which will deepen the breach with the Premier League club.
The striker is seeking a move back to Spain in the transfer window and has not played for Chelsea since the FA Cup final in May, following which he claims manager Antonio Conte sent him a text, telling him he was not in his plans for the new season.
Costa was interviewed at home in Brazil on the same day Chelsea lost their opening Premier League game to Burnley, and said he was refusing the club's demand to return to play with the reserves.
"They want me to be there training with the reserves. I wouldn't be allowed access to the first-team dressing room and I would have no contact at all with the guys," he told the Daily Mail.
"I'm not a criminal! I don't think it is fair after all I have done to be treated like that."
The Brazilian-born Spain international, who joined Chelsea from Atletico Madrid in 2014, said if the club did not allow him to move before the transfer window he was prepared to see out his contract unpaid in Brazil.
"I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing, even if Chelsea fine me for a year and don't pay me. I'll come back stronger. If I was in the wrong, I'd go back now and do as they say.
"I want the deal with Atletico resolved this month. My idea would be to go to Madrid, train there, get in the best physical shape and be ready to fire ahead of the World Cup."
The situation is complicated by the fact that Atletico are currently banned from signing players in this window although a loan deal would be possible.
Costa's relationship with Conte appears to have broken down although the Brazilian accepts the Italian "is a good coach".
Last week Conte said there was "no news" on the Costa situation but earlier this summer said the "situation is closed."
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
LAHORE - The death toll in cylinder blast at a sale point in Lahore's Mustafa Town rose to five yesterday as another fire victim succumbed to burns at a hospital.
At least 25 people were wounded when a gas cylinder exploded at a sale point on the main Wahdat Road in Mustafa Town on December 27. The entire structure caught fire soon after the explosion.
The man who expired yesterday was identified by police as 35-year-old Muhammad Ramazan. Earlier, four people succumbed to burns at the Jinnah hospital. According to rescue workers, at least 10 victims are still under treatment in the hospital while others were discharged as their condition got stable.
Over two dozen people were wounded when a gas cylinder exploded at a sale point on the main Wahdat Road in Mustafa Town on Tuesday. Several customers were present at the sale-point when a gas cylinder exploded in an under-construction food outlet located adjacent to the makeshift. As a result, the sale point caught fire. The blaze spread quickly as plastic items caught fire.
Child among three dice in accidents
Three people including a child were killed in road accidents in different parts of the metropolis, police said yesterday.
A 30-year-old man died when his car smashed into a roadside tree in Y-Block Defense late Saturday night. Police sources said that the deceased, identified as Muhammad Usman, was heavily drunk.
A three-year-old boy was crushed under a car on the Multan road in Chuhng police precincts yesterday evening. The car driver managed to escape from the scene. The police were investigating the incident.
Meanwhile, a 40-year-old man died and two others wounded critically when a van bumped into a motorcycle in Manawan police area. The motorcyclist died on the spot and the injured were shifted to a hospital. The police were investigating the accident.
One of the oldest Events in Vail, Colorado happens to be one of the most unlikely ones – a beach doubles volleyball Tournament held high in the Rocky Mountains and about as far away from a beach as possible. The annual Vail King of the Mountain Open has been on-going for 45 years and has become one of America's iconic grassroots outdoor volleyball Tourneys. Last year's Tournament drew over 700 teams, from all over the Rocky Mountain Region, to participate in Colorado's largest outdoor volleyball tournament.
Held over this coming Father's Day Weekend, June 16-18, 2017, the 45th Annual Vail King of the Mountain Open has turned the mountain hamlet of Vail into a “family volleyball extravaganza” with opportunities for friendly competition for everyone in the family including juniors, adult divisions, co-ed divisions, master/seniors and special Father's Day competitions, Father/Son and Father/Daughter – 26 total separate divisions of play in all. 80 courts are in play over the playing sites of the Vail Athletic Field, Ford Park and the Red Sandstone court.
As well, the Event hosts a specialized Juniors' Clinic on Friday, June 16th at Ford Park in Vail, head-coached by former Olympians and assisted by pro beach volleyball coaches and players (see sidebar). Dax Holdren, former Olympian and AVP pro beach tour star will be “heading-up” this year's Clinic.
Special Event: this year the annual volley fest is part of the USOC's “Olympic Days” celebration which occurs not only nationally; but, also, internationally at events all over the world; promoting the Olympic Spirit and the spirit of friendly competition. Carol Lewis (sister of world renowned track and field star, Carl Lewis) will be the featured former Olympian at Vail's Olympic Days. Carol was an accomplished long-jump champion not only at her alma mater, Houston University; but, also on the international and Olympic stages. She will be attending the Vail Juniors Volleyball Clinic on Friday and talking with the kids and parents about the Olympic Ideal and her experiences as an Olympic athlete.
For more information: www.KingoftheMountainVolleyball.com
FYI: Schedule of Events
Friday, June 16, 2017
Vail Athletic Field: Men's & Women's Masters/Seniors (sand courts); Co-Ed A & B (grass courts)
Ford Park: Co-Ed BB (grass courts); Vail Juniors Clinic (check-in 9:30 a.m.)
Saturday, June 17, 2017
Vail Athletic Field: Men's & Women's Open (sand courts); Men's & Women's A & B (grass courts)
Ford Park: Men's & Women's BB (grass courts); Junior Girls/Boys Age Groups (grass courts) Red Sandstone: Women's Open (sand courts)
Sunday, June 18, 2017
Vail Athletic Field: Men's & Women's Open (sand courts); Men's & Women's A & B (grass courts)
Ford Park: Men's and Women's BB (grass courts); Father/Son & Father/Daughter Age Groups (grass courts) Red Sandstone: Men's Open (sand courts)
Late registrations are accepted, on-site, space available.
Late registrations are accepted for the Juniors' Clinic. Sign up at 9:00 a.m. – Ford ParK. Olympic Day athlete: 12 Noon (Ford Park) and 2:00 p.m. (Ford Park)
Share this: Facebook
Google
Reddit
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
More
Pocket
LinkedIn
Print
Email
Each year William Reed in England pick's their list of the “Top 50 Bars In The World” and this year's list includes 3 that are just a MUNI ride away.
Trick Dog took the highest position at #26 with the Mission's ABV at #46 and local favorite Tommy's placing 49th.
Here are the bar details and William Reed's comments.
Trick Dog
3010 20th St
San Francisco, CA 94110
(415) 471-2999
Great drinks are normally the preserve of small bars, but Trick Dog is that rare exception. Most nights this large neighbourhood bar is packed to its high-set rafters but still manages to compete on quality with the best of San Francisco.
ABV
3174 16th St,
San Francisco, CA 94103
(415) 400-4748
“Sit anywhere, a bartender will find you,” is the typical greeting at ABV, an understated San Fran neighbourhood cocktail bar with world-class service. The floor staff are bartenders some nights and servers others, so customers are always interacting with people who know both menu and back bar inside out. The cocktails are typically made with lesser-known, robustly flavoured spirits and modifiers. For everyone else, there's rosé on tap and Modelo in the can.
Tommy's Mexican Restaurant
5929 Geary Blvd
San Francisco, CA 94121
(415) 387-4747
Glamorous, Tommy's is not – at this 50-year-old San Francisco family restaurant-bar, drinks and hospitality trump style. The man at the helm is Julio Bermejo, winner of our Industry Icon award 2017. It's an accolade that is more than deserved – not only does he travel the world in furtherance of tequila knowledge, but Bermejo remains one of the nicest and most popular bartenders in the business. Hospitality comes from the heart, and a visit to Tommy's is like being invited into the Bermejo family home.
For the full list of great bars worldwide go to www.worlds50bestbars.com.
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for CBS stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find him on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
LONDON: Firefighters have not been able to conduct a comprehensive search of the 24-storey block of flats in west London that went up in flames because it is not safe for them to walk to the edges of the building, the fire brigade chief said on Thursday (Jun 15).
Authorities have confirmed 12 people died in the fire, which engulfed the Grenfell Tower at 1am on Wednesday, but the death toll is expected to rise.
"Some of the internal structures are not regarded as safe at the moment, however the central core is, so my firefighters have been up to the top floor last night, they have done the initial brief search from the doorways," London fire chief Dany Cotton told ITV.
"So although we've been up there we haven't managed to do a comprehensive search and until we can make the building safe then I really don't want to risk the safety of my firefighters at this moment in time," she said.
Cotton said structural surveyors and urban search and rescue specialists would inspect the building on Thursday and once it was declared safe a full search would take place.
Advertisement
Steven Oliveira‘s very fast Honda Civic called “Section 8” just joined the 7-sec club and set a record at FastFest Live with a 7.88 sec at 186.77 mph quarter-mile. The Civic is able to achieve this thanks to a built 2.0 L K20 inline-four that makes 1,000 horsepower. The engine features a JBR Engines K-Series block, 4P Pro TSX ported cylinder head, and 72 mm turbocharger. Power goes to all four slicks through a custom AWD system.
Source: @Stevo_clm and nyce1s
Costa Rica claimed victory over Nicaragua on Friday, after the United Nations' highest court awarded Costa Rica disputed territory along the coastal border shared by the two Central American countries.
THE HAGUE/SAN JOSE: Costa Rica claimed victory over Nicaragua on Friday, after the United Nations' highest court awarded Costa Rica disputed territory along the coastal border shared by the two Central American countries.
Nicaragua was ordered by the International Court of Justice in The Hague to remove a military base from a contested coastal area near the San Juan river, which the judges said violated Costa Rican sovereignty.
The court's panel of 15 international judges also found that Costa Rica has sovereignty over the "whole northern part of Isla Portillos, including the coast," but excluding Harbour Head Lagoon.
Costa Rica's President Luis Guillermo Solis called the decision "historic," while Foreign Minister Manuel Gonzalez said it was very close to what the country had asked for.
In a separate case heard at the court earlier on Friday, Nicaragua was ordered to pay Costa Rica nearly US$379,000 dollars - less than it had asked for - in reparations for environmental damage to parts of its wetlands at the mouth of the disputed San Juan river.
Costa Rica should be compensated by April 2 for damage caused, the cost of environmental restoration, expenses and interest, the court said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"The amount is not what we hoped for, but we accept fully and respectfully what the court decided," Gonzalez said. "Nicaragua has a valuable opportunity to rebuild trust between the two countries and close the chapters that have distanced us in recent years."
Nicaragua's government called the environmental verdict a "major defeat for Costa Rica" in a statement. It did not comment on the other cases.
As part of the border settlement, the court drew a new maritime boundary between the states, who have had rival claims since 2002, when Nicaragua published maps detailing oil concessions. Some of those were in waters claimed by Costa Rica.
Costa Rica had filed the suit in 2014, asking the court to determine its borders with Nicaragua in the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean.
In 2010, Nicaragua sent soldiers to open an artificial waterway to divert water from the San Juan River that divides both countries to a nearby Nicaraguan lake, in what Costa Rica saw as a move to shorten its territory. Nicaragua said it was dredging a natural waterway.
(Writing by Anthony Deutsch and Christine Murray; Editing by William Maclean and Rosalba O'Brien)
After a drumbeat of anticipation, a secret memo was released Friday that U.S. President Donald Trump's allies in the media and Congress had predicted would set off a bombshell, exploding the entire foundation of the Russia investigation.
Spoiler alert: Not quite.
What the just-declassified memo does is allege that a key source in the Russia affair hated Trump, and that federal officials central to the probe against him played fast and loose with surveillance protocols.
The four-page memo was written by Devin Nunes, a Republican congressman from California and the chair of the House intelligence committee. The memo centres on allegations of impropriety in how federal officials obtained the right to monitor Trump foreign-policy adviser Carter Page.
It alleges that:
British ex-spy Christopher Steele detested Trump and was desperate to stop him from being president. At the time, it says Steele was being paid $ 160,000 US “to obtain derogatory information on Donald Trump's ties to Russia” by a firm hired digging up dirt on behalf of the Hillary Clinton campaign.
Steele talked to the media while also acting as an FBI informant. During the 2016 election, he communicated concerns — first to Yahoo News, then Mother Jones magazine — that Trump was compromised. The memo says he misled the FBI about his contacts with journalists.
The FBI later dropped Steele as a source: “Steele's numerous encounters with the media violated the cardinal rule of source handling — maintaining confidentiality — and demonstrated that Steele had become a less-than-reliable source for the FBI.”
The FBI had leaned heavily on Steele's tips to renew a warrant to spy on Trump adviser Carter Page. The warrant was renewed in October 2016. Federal officials had previously monitored Page as early as 2013, amid concern he was a Russian asset.
Federal officials did not disclose the partisan payments to Steele when they sought the warrant in national-security court.
The officials should have disclosed that Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr's wife “was employed by Fusion GPS [the company that hired Steele] to assist in the cultivation of opposition research on Trump.”
Several senior officials signed off on the warrant request, with one key name on that list: Rod Rosenstein.
He is now the top Justice Department official in charge of the Russia investigation. If he were fired and replaced with someone more hostile to the probe, his successor could either end the investigation or set new rules to constrain it.
Trump was asked whether he wanted to fire Rosenstein and replied: “You figure that one out.”
But the document unveiled Friday fell short of the more hyperbolic previews offered by Trump's staunchest allies.
One memorable example was Fox News prime-time host Sean Hannity, who predicted it would be worse than Watergate and would end the Mueller investigation by proving that it rested on a faulty foundation.
“Your witch hunt is now over,” Hannity declared on his show a few days ago.
But there's a weakness in the argument that the document fatally undermines the Russia probe.
It's pointed out in the document itself, in the final paragraph on the final page. The document confirms that the FBI counter-intelligence probe into the Trump campaign ties with Russia began in July — three months before the events described in the memo.
Christopher Steele, a former British intelligence officer, compiled an explosive and unproven dossier on Trump's purported activities in Russia. (Victoria Jones/PA via Associated Press)
It says the FBI probe started in July 2016 after receiving a tip that another Trump aide, George Papadopoulos, told an Australian diplomat in May 2016 that Russia had political dirt on Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, information Australian officials passed to the U.S. government, the New York Times reported in December.
Papadopoulos has since pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI, and is now co-operating with the Mueller probe.
Democrats dismissed the document as a dud, at best. At worst, they cast it as a dishonest work of partisan origami that cuts around inconvenient facts that remain classified and are central to the case.
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | World News
The reason of the popularity is mostly by Trolley with a Horse. This is a unique system in which a horse pull a buggy called thella with force over a small 2 feet wide track on the earth. This is unique traveling system that was launched 1903. thousands of people come from the world come to see this unique Anokhi Sawari System.
Due to lack of resources and un-educated management this system was revoked in 1993. But After the high effort of Nazim and village inhabitants DCO Faisalabad provided sufficient funds to restart this Anokhi Sawari in March 2012. Now it is again providing fun and entertainment for its visitors from all over the Pakistan and world.
Images of black and brown women are not the first thing that come to mind when one thinks of surf culture. The Oakland, Calif.-based organization called Brown Girl Surf challenges that by simply inviting women of color to dive into the water.
“The goal of Brown Girl Surf is to change surf culture,” says Marlim Reynosa, the organization's lead surf instructor and organizer. “We want to create a more inclusive and diverse space for women of color to feel seen and valued and to feel like they can surf—that this is a space where they belong.” Brown Girl Surf also wants to create a more environmentally reverent surf culture and host beach cleanups and civic engagement events.
The facts speak for themselves. Roughly 64 percent of black children don't know how to swim, compared with 40 percent of white children, according to the U.S. Swimming Foundation. These numbers have resulted in higher drowning deaths among the former group.
Lower rates of swimming among black people are frequently attributed to the historical consequences of segregation.
Beyond diversifying surf culture, Brown Girl Surf seeks to build community by empowering women of all ages to express themselves and feel brave and comfortable in their own skin. A manifestation of that is Surf Sister Saturdays, where the organization pairs mentors with participants, many of whom are beginners or first-time learners. The Root caught up with some of these participants in the video above.
And what about the hair?
“I kind of style my hair around being somebody that wants to be in the water all the time,” says Samiya Bashir, who traveled from Portland, Ore., to surf with Brown Girl Surf. “So I refuse to kind of let that stop me.”
BRUSSELS: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Monday (Dec 11) that recognising Jerusalem as his country's capital "makes peace possible", after widespread international criticism of the US decision to do so.
US President Donald Trump's announcement last week has been followed by days of protests and clashes in the Palestinian territories, as well as demonstrations across the Islamic world.
The EU expressed alarm at the decision, which upends seven decades of US policy on the disputed holy city, and the bloc's foreign ministers are set to urge Netanyahu to resume dialogue with the Palestinians as he meets them over breakfast in Brussels.
The Israeli premier said what Trump had done was to "put facts squarely on the table" by acknowledging Jerusalem had been the capital of the Israeli state for 70 years and of the Jewish people for 3,000 years.
"It doesn't obviate peace, it makes peace possible, because recognising reality is the substance of peace, it's the foundation of peace," he said in a statement alongside EU diplomatic chief Federica Mogherini.
Mogherini, who last week warned the Jerusalem decision could take the situation "backwards to even darker times", restated the EU's position that a two-state solution with Jerusalem as capital for both Israelis and Palestinians was the only sustainable way to resolve the conflict.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Netanyahu pointed to a new US peace initiative as a possible way forward.
"There is now an effort under way to bring forward a new peace proposal by the American administration. I think we should give peace a chance. I think we should see what is presented and see if we can advance this peace," he said.
Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner has been working with a small team to develop a new US proposal to revive peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians, but it is not clear what progress he is making.
Netanyahu's visit to Brussels comes after he met French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris on Sunday. Macron called on him to freeze settlement building and to re-engage with Palestinians.
Both Israelis and Palestinians claim Jerusalem as their capital and previous peace plans have stumbled over debates on whether and how to divide sovereignty or oversee holy sites.
Gurugram, Union Commerce and Industry Minister Suresh Prabhu on Tuesday said that soon a new industrial policy will be introduced and would encourage establishment of industry in rural areas.
Addressing a gathering in Lohsingani village here on the occasion of Panchayati Raj Divas celebrated under the village Swaraj campaign, he said that on Monday, a meeting was held with the Chief Ministers from different regions in which they were asked to suggest a new policy.
He said that the efforts of the Central and State Governments to improve the quality of life of people should be linked to small industries, for which a big convention was organized in Delhi on Monday where the new policy was discussed and finalized with the suggestions of all and will be implemented soon after getting the Cabinet's approval.
Through this industrial policy, the emphasis is on promoting industries in the village, connecting with self-help groups and co-operative institutes to the small scale industries and connecting it with the global supply chain, he said.
Whether you're studying for a big exam, reading important business emails, or just a serial book nerd, your reading speed is everything. You need to get through as many words as fast as you possibly can, so you can move on to the next thing. Not only is it important to read faster, but you also need to be able to retain information. Studying for an exam is only going to be useful if you remember the material.
Learning how to speed read is one of the more useful ways of increasing your reading speed while retaining your comprehension; however, learning to speed read takes the proper time, commitment, and tools. Lucky for you, Android Central Digital offers can help you out!
Right now, through Android Central Digital Offers, you can get The Award-Winning Speed Reading Bundle and learn how to read faster than you ever have before!
This bundle comes with two amazing courses, 7 Speed Reading EX 2017 and Spreeder CX, to help you maximize your comprehension skills as you learn how to read at lightning fast speeds!
Just check out some of the features of this amazing offer:
Learn to read up to 3.471 times faster with full comprehension.
Upload any article, web page, text file, or PDF into your library.
Remove bad reading habits with exercises designed to improve comprehension.
Receive guidance from world-leading experts with included video tutorials
Access 20,477 eBooks for free right on the 7 Speed Reading EX platform.
The entire The Award-Winning Speed Reading Bundle can be yours today for only $19! That's a savings of 96%! Plus, the entire bundle comes with a lifetime license, meaning you'll never have to pay again!
Stop waiting around, and start reading faster and learning quicker today!
See at Android Central Digital Offers
By Radio.com Staff
A Green Day demo tape—so rare the band reportedly doesn't even recall it—has surfaced with three songs recorded between 1992-1993, after their 1991 album, Kerplunk! Reportedly recorded on a boom box, the hissy analog tape features acoustic versions of “J.A.R”, “Having A Blast”, and “Don't Wanna Fall In Love.” According to YouTube user who posted the audio (lifted from a bit torrent site) was forgotten so long ago that the band isn't aware of the tape's existence.
Related: Green Day to Help Distribute The Story of East Bay Punk
While J.A.R., made its way to the Billboard Hot 100 via the 1995 Angus soundtrack, and “Having A Blast” could be found on their massively successful album Dookie, “Don't Wanna Fall In Love” was relegated at the time to the B-side of a “Geek Stink Breath” 7″ single. It was later released on the Shenanigans compilation album.
Listen to the three recordings below.
London: Arsenal's record signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored on his debut and Aaron Ramsey hit a hat-trick in a swaggering 5-1 rout of woeful Everton on Saturday.
Aubameyang vowed to emulate Arsenal legend Thierry Henry after arriving from Borussia Dortmund for £56 million this week.
While it is too soon for such lofty comparisons, the Gabon striker certainly made the perfect first impression at the Emirates Stadium.
Aubameyang, recovered from an illness that had placed his debut in doubt, capped an exhilarating first half from Arsenal with a composed finish to put his side four goals ahead.
Ramsey had opened the scoring and Laurent Koscielny increased Arsenal's lead before Ramsey struck again to make it three goals in the first 19 minutes.
Aubameyang's lively debut was aided by three assists from Henrikh Mkhitaryan in his first Arsenal start.
Wales midfielder Ramsey completed his treble in the second half and the only angst for Gunners boss Arsene Wenger was the sight of goalkeeper Petr Cech limping off injured.
Sixth-placed Arsenal are now five points behind fourth-placed Chelsea, who face Watford on Monday, in the race to qualify for next season's Champions League via a top-four finish.
Wenger had bemoaned Arsenal's defending in their wretched 3-1 loss at Swansea on Tuesday, but the two changes he made were both attack-minded as Aubameyang and Mkhitaryan came in.
Aubameyang replaced misfiring France striker Alexandre Lacazette, who has only one goal in his last 12 appearances.
Lacazette had been Arsenal's record signing until the Aubameyang swoop, but while he has struggled to live up to expectations, Aubameyang quickly set about repaying his hefty transfer fee — with help from an old friend.
Mkhitaryan was making his home debut after arriving from Manchester United as part of the deal that sent Alexis Sanchez to Old Trafford.
Mkhitaryan rarely showed his best form with United, but he and Aubameyang had formed a deadly double act during their time at Dortmund and they were back in the groove as Arsenal took a sixth-minute lead.
When Aubameyang slipped a pass into Mkhitaryan, the midfielder whipped over a superb cross that invited Ramsey, timing his run perfectly, to slot past Jordan Pickford from close-range for his first goal since October.
Aubameyang joins party
Mkhitaryan went close to doubling Arsenal's lead moments later with a fierce strike that whistled wide from the edge of the area.
Lethargic Everton were unable to stem the tide and Wenger's men didn't have to wait long to claim their second goal in the 14th minute.
Shkodran Mustafi met Mesut Ozil's corner with a header towards the far post, where Koscielny stooped to head home from close-range.
Everton's dismal display was ruining Sam Allardyce's 500th match as a Premier League manager and there was worse to come in the 19th minute.
Afforded time and space by Everton's statuesque rearguard, Ramsey unloaded a 25-yard strike that took a deflection off Toffees debutant Eliaquim Mangala on its way past the wrong-footed Pickford.
With Arsenal threatening every time they went forward, Aubameyang, who also scored on his Bundesliga debut, was able to join the party in the 37th minute.
Mkhitaryan's pass split the Everton defence and, although Aubameyang looked offside, the linesman's flag stayed down as the debutant clipped a deft finish over Pickford.
It was another remarkable goal blitz from Arsenal, who scored four times in the first 22 minutes of their previous home league game against Crystal Palace.
Everton's capitulation made it a depressing return for Theo Walcott, who was subbed midway through the second half of his first return to Arsenal since his January transfer.
Dominic Calvert-Lewin got one back for Everton with a 64th header, but there was still time for Ramsey to strike again with a low finish from Mkhitaryan's pass in the 74th minute.
Drop off points for donations to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire in London have now been set up across Cambridgeshire.
Following the events in North Kensington yesterday, an appeal led by Heart Radio has seen Cambridge businesses unite in support, requesting donations of items to those left stranded following the Grenfell Tower Fire.
Residents in the 24-storey Grenfell Tower were evacuated from their flats in the burning building in the early hours of yesterday morning, and with smoke still bellowing out of the structure, many residents were forced to sleep in makeshift shelters last night.
At least 70 people have been confirmed to have been taken to five hospitals in London for treatment, with many more expected to be announced in the near future.
The tragedy has left hundreds of people without their possessions, food and drink. A number of locations have been set up throughout the county for you to offer your assistance.
The early support has been magnificent, with numerous Mick George vehicles already full and ready for distribution to the Grenfell site.
Donations of the following items would be much appreciated:
*Blankets
* Clothes
* Toys
* Toiletries and Nappies
* Other basic necessities
If you would like to help, you can drop off at the following nearby locations:
* Mick George Ltd, 8am-2pm (Thursday 15th June) 6 Lancaster Way, Ermine Business Park, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, PE29 6XU
* The Cresset, 8am-2pm (Thursday 15th June) Rightwell, Bretton, Peterborough, Cambridgeshire, PPE3 8DX
* Better Removals and Storage 6.15am-12pm (Thursday 15th June), Flint Park, Barley Road, Royston, SG8 7PU
* Murketts, 8am-2pm (Thursday 15th June) 137 Histon Road, Cambridge, CB4 3JD
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
POSTMEDIA NETWORK Apr 18, 2017
A Texas mom is accused of committing  and filming  heinous acts against her one-year-old son.
Janelle Andrea Peterkin, 23, has been charged with endangering a child after allegedly sending a series of disturbing videos to the boys father, her ex-boyfriend.
The videos allegedly show Peterkin torturing her son while hes strapped into a car seat.
Peterkin is accused of placing a plastic bag over the boys head, burning his hand with a lighter, crushing his other hand and punching the toddler in the stomach.
According to the Houston Chronicle, a relative saw the videos and posted them to social media. Police viewed the clips before arresting Peterkin last week.
She was released on $15,000 bail this week and ordered not to come within 200 ft. of her son, who is under the watch of family members.
SUNRISE, Fla. (AP) — Jonathan Huberdeau scored with 7.7 seconds left in the third period to lift the Florida Panthers to a 3-2 victory over the Detroit Red Wings on Saturday night.
Aleksander Barkov and Aaron Ekblad also scored for the Panthers. Harri Sateri made 26 saves for his third straight NHL win. Keith Yandle had two assists.
Danny DeKeyser scored both goals for Detroit and Petr Mrazek stopped 30 shots in his third straight start.
With the score tied at 2, Huberdeau slid a rebound under Mrazek's pad from inside the crease. The goal was challenged for goalie interference by Detroit but the call stood.
Barkov broke a 1-1 tie with his goal with 6:22 left in the second period. Evgenii Dadanov passed to Barkov in the high slot and Barkov skated in and beat Mrazek on the glove side.
DeKeyser tied it with his second of the game. Sateri blocked a shot and the bouncing puck went off DeKeyser's skate as he crashed the net and went across the goal line at 3:00 of the third period.
Ekblad's goal gave the Panthers a 1-0 lead at 3:14 of the first. Ekblad took a pass from Huberdeau in the slot and backhanded the puck off the post and into the net.
DeKeyser tied the score when his shot from the slot went over Sateri's shoulder on the stick side at 8:51 of the second.
NOTES: Panthers D Alex Petrovic played his 200th NHL game. … Florida F Jamie McGinn returned after missing two games with an upper-body injury. … The Red Wings played their third game in four days. … DeKeyser played his 350th NHL game.
UP NEXT:
Red Wings: Host the Boston Bruins on Tuesday
Panthers: Host the Vancouver Canucks on Tuesday.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
The Stratford Beautification Committee announces that Aquarion Water Company has selected the Town of Stratford to partner with them in a joint project at Paradise Green in commemoration of Earth Day. The event will take place on Friday, April 21, starting at 9 a.m. and will include scores of new boxwood shrubs being planted to help beautify the appearance of the Green's sidewalk. Aquarion is contributing financial assistance to cover the cost of the boxwoods, equipment and more than a dozen staff volunteers to work with the Town's Beautification Committee members on the project.
According to EarthDay.org, “The first Earth Day on April 22, 1970, activated 20 million Americans from all walks of life and is widely credited with launching the modern environmental movement. The passage of the landmark Clean Air Act, Clean Water Act, Endangered Species Act and many other groundbreaking environmental laws soon followed. Twenty years later, Earth Day went global, mobilizing 200 million people in 141 countries and lifting environmental issues onto the world stage. More than 1 billion people now participate in Earth Day activities each year, making it the largest civic observance in the world.”
The Stratford Beautification Committee thanks Aquarion Water Company for their assistance and support in making this event possible.
Up to 50billion of the creepy-crawlies - just under 1,000 for every Brit - could invade homes across the nation.
Pest control experts at Rentokil say infestations have spiked 150% in two months.
A spokesman said: "Experts believe the rise could be attributed to the unseasonably warm start to the Spring - after Brits experienced record-breaking warm weather in April.
"Last month's period of clear skies and the hottest April day since 1949 may explain the surge in activity, as ants are typically more active in higher temperatures and colonies use sunlight to navigate."
The Delta House of Assembly on Wednesday screened and confirmed of Messrs. Anthony Obuh and Lawson Efenudu as Chairman and Secretary of the state Bureau of Pensions respectively.
Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of had earlier sent the names of the nominees to the assembly for screening and confirmation.
The confirmation of the nominees followed a motion moved by the Majority Leader, Mr Tim Owhefere which was seconded by Mr Anthony Elekeokwuri (PDP-Ika North East).
The house unanimously adopted the motion when the Speaker, Sheriff Oborewvori, put it to a voice vote.
Also the Delta State Audit Bill passed through its second reading.
Presenting the bill, the majority leader said that when passed the bill would enhance accountability in the expenditure of government's funds.
Owhefere said that the bill would also help to drive accountability as there were penalties for offences usually committed by some auditors.
Supporting it, Mr Ruben Izeze (PDP-Ughelli South) said the bill was necessary as it would ensure smooth auditing of government businesses and blocking of loopholes in the finances of the state.
Izeze said that the bill when passed would enhance good governance, transparency and accountability and strengthen institutions to curb corruption in the system.
It subsequently referred to the House Committee on Public Account which was expected to submit its report to the house on June 15.
Josh had been coupled up with the drama student until he went to Casa Amor, where he fell for Kaz.
Love Island Georgia stayed loyal to the social media presenter, believing he would return to her.
But Josh angered the public by choosing Kaz and subsequently bragging that she was "sensational", right in front of Georgia.
Now, some have reportedly posted sickening messages directed at Josh.
Josh's friend – who is running his Instagram account while he's in the Love Island villa – shared a screenshot of an email he had received, which contained extremely offensive terms.
You got Google Played
On April 17 at 5:16 p.m., Tufts University Police Department (TUPD) received a report from the International Center that an individual posing as the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) had scammed a graduate student. An email sent to the student claimed they were staying longer than their visa allowed and thus they would have to pay $5,000 to the IRS to remain in the United States. The student withdrew $5,000 from their account, purchased a Google Play gift card worth $2,000 and provided the scammer with the access code. After the student sent the code they realized it was likely a scam and went to the International Center for further information. TUPD advises all students and Tufts community members to be careful with their online activity and report suspicious emails.
On to vend
On April 19 at 2:33 p.m., TUPD received a report from a student that their JumboCash had been accessed and used without their knowledge. The JumboCash was used at a vending machine in Bush Hall. After further investigation, TUPD discovered that the student had been in Bush Hall over the summer and had used the vending machine repeatedly, but the machine had not been posting a record of the transactions that took place until a technician recently brought the machine back online and then updated with previous JumboCash purchases.
Crash and don't return
Later that day at 3:16 p.m., TUPD responded to a motor vehicle crash on College Avenue. A person in a vehicle hit a parked pick-up truck, which in turn hit another parked vehicle. The vehicle that instigated the accident remained on the scene, but the driver was not there when TUPD arrived on the scene. After a quick search, TUPD and the Somerville Police Department successfully located the individual responsible for the crash.
Sleep is for (every day of) the week
On April 22 at 12:15 a.m., TUPD found a student passed out on College Avenue. TUPD was able to awaken the student, who then reported they had not slept in 40 hours and thus must have fallen asleep on the sidewalk. Tufts Emergency Medical Services performed a medical evaluation on the student and suggested they be taken to the hospital, but the student refused to seek further treatment. TUPD reminds students not to neglect their physical needs during the upcoming exam period.
The U.S. Senate confirmed on Tuesday President Donald Trump's choice to lead the U.S. Cyber Command and National Security Agency, Army Lieutenant General Paul Nakasone.
WASHINGTON: The U.S. Senate confirmed on Tuesday President Donald Trump's choice to lead the U.S. Cyber Command and National Security Agency, Army Lieutenant General Paul Nakasone.
Nakasone has an extensive background in cyber issues, having held positions including serving as chief of the U.S. Army's cyber command since late 2016.
Nakasone, 54, replaces Admiral Mike Rogers, who is retiring after nearly four years in the "dual-hat" position leading the NSA, the country's largest spy agency, and the military's cyber warfare division.
During his confirmation hearing, Nakasone said he did not think Russia, China and other countries had seen enough of a U.S. response to cyberattacks to change their behaviour.
He also said he had not come to a decision on whether the NSA and Cyber Command should be separated. They have been combined since the cyber operation was created in 2009, but there has been debate recently over whether they would be more effective as separate entities.
Opponents of the idea say it is essential that they work closely together against a growing threat.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nakasone's confirmation also means he becomes a four-star general.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle, Editing by Rosalba O'Brien)
Provided photo
The 2018 prom court for Bradford High School features, left to right, Ivee Brubaker, Andy Branson, Destiny Otte,Clay Layman, Paige Canan, Josh Phillips, Hannah Fout, Hunter Penkal, Sammy Grow, and DQ Millhouse. Bradford's prom will be held from 8-11 p.m. May 5, at the school, followed by the after-prom at McBo's in Versailles.
HORSE RACING: Chelmsford tips from Starform
6.40 This course seems to bring out the best in ZAC BROWN (treble) and he showed bags of pace to make all over six furlongs here last month. He is up 4lb but still 6lb lower than when scoring over track and trip last year. Bosham is another with plenty of early pace but is a tad inconsistent. If he were to get an uncontested lead then he may prove difficult to pass. Volatile has a good all-weather record but over further and this drop to the minimum trip may fi nd him out. Unlike Poyle Vinnie, who is best at this distance and ran a cracker here last month when second and now 3lb lower.
7.10 This is a cracking renewal with plenty of money on offer. The unbeaten Codicil won all her races by narrow margins when running up a four-timer last season. There is every reason to believe that she will improve again but the progressive LUNA ECLIPSE (nb) may just edge it tonight. His trainer took advantage of a lenient handicap mark to rack up a hat-trick and, though this is tougher, there is probably more to come off his present rating. Vale Of Kent makes a quick reappearance after his cracking third in a valuable Goodwood handicap on Saturday. He won his maiden over seven furlongs here and the step up to this trip should play to his strengths.
7.40 Another valuable prize and hat-trick seeking MESQUITE (nap) seems to have improved for a wind operation and has won her last two races, beating the useful Fountain Of Time over course and distance. She is up 5lb but she continues on the upgrade. The handicapper has not been so kind with Hateya, who has been hit with an 11lb hike for her easy Lingfield success. This is a great deal tougher but she may have further improvement. This is a big drop in grade for Vitamin, who beat just one home in the 1,000 Guineas. The form of her Newmarket maiden victory from Soliloquy suggests she may have got in here on a fair mark for her handicap debut. Both Zest and Awesometank have bits of form to suggest they could take a hand if at their best.
Technologically, it was clear that there was some ambivalence about the project. The first platform we used was an adapted version of Typepad, sort of cobbled together to appear to be part of the Times website. The two were separate systems. Over time, the blog platform changed and changed again — there was even a small Wordpress club, which I longed to join — but they remained siloed. But eventually, the two systems became one: writing for the web and writing for the paper were done in the same place.
The more likes, follows and views on social media = success.
Forget the resume, Hollywood studios are now looking for actors who have a strong social media following.
Actress Samantha Colley, from National Geographic's Genius, is saying the lack of social media followers is stressing her and other actors out when auditioning for roles.
“One of the depressing things for me is that I'm asked in auditions about Instagram and how many followers I have,” Colley recently told The Post. “It's becoming blurry about what people want an actress to be.”
Actors are using their social media presence to convince studios they will draw an audience to their project.
“Actresses are now saying, ‘I have 1 million followers. If you employ me in a film, I can guarantee 1 million people.' ” Colley revealed.
Hollywood insiders are revealing that casting agents are now looking for actors who are also influencers. Actors who have a good following on digital platforms such a YouTube or Facebook Watch, are more likely to be cast than those who don't. This is resulting in less experienced actors landing roles over professionals.
“Producers want built-in viewership,” Sarah Clark, the owners of Compass Casting, shared. “It's hard to fight them when it's like, ‘Well, this kid has 5 million followers [and] if he promotes [the project] at least 100,000 of those people will see it.' ”
It's official, we've hit a point where popularity overrules talent.
But… we'd be lying if we said we didn't check out a film or show just because we like a cast member.
(cough cough Baywatch because Zac Efron. Who doesn't love him regardless if the movie is not good?)
PH downs Viets, faces Thais next
0 SHARES Share Tweet
BIÑAN, Laguna – The Philippines banked on two hard-fought set advantage before it finished off Southeast Asian Games silver medalist Vietnam, 27-25, 26-24, 17-25, 25-23, last night in the 19th Asian Senior Women's Volleyball Championship at the Alonte Sports Arena here.
The Nationals crawled back from deficits of 20-14 and 24-21 in the first and second frames, rose from a third-set stumble and kept their composure in the fourth to clinch their second match victory in the tournament.
The win settled the Philippines at No. 3 in Pool E and set up a quarterfinal meeting with 10-time SEA Games champion Thailand, which bowed to Japan, 22-25, 25-20, 25-22, 26-24, for No. 2 in Pool F.
Match is at 5:30 p.m. today at the same venue.
Vietnam, for its part, set up a Final 8 duel with Japan.
The Filipina spikers got a scare in the fourth frame where they needed three match points before Alyssa Valdez sealed the win with a combination play from setter Kim Fajardo.
Related
comments
"There is no doubt that genocide ideology has no place in the Rwanda we live in today, but the few elements that habour it must be completely …
Rwead more
They thought the Kaiju War was over. It wasn't!
The first trailer for Pacific Rim: Upising dropped at New York Comic-Con 2017 today.
Pacific Rim: Uprising will be in theaters March 23.
The globe-spanning conflict between otherworldly monsters of mass destruction and the human-piloted super-machines built to vanquish them was only a prelude to the all-out assault on humanity in Pacific Rim Uprising.
John Boyega (Star Wars: The Force Awakens) stars as the rebellious Jake Pentecost, a once-promising Jaeger pilot whose legendary father gave his life to secure humanity's victory against the monstrous “Kaiju.” Jake has since abandoned his training only to become caught up in a criminal underworld. But when an even more unstoppable threat is unleashed to tear through our cities and bring the world to its knees, he is given one last chance to live up to his father's legacy by his estranged sister, Mako Mori (Rinko Kikuchi)—who is leading a brave new generation of pilots that have grown up in the shadow of war. As they seek justice for the fallen, their only hope is to unite together in a global uprising against the forces of extinction.
Jake is joined by gifted rival pilot Lambert (The Fate of the Furious' Scott Eastwood) and 15-year-old Jaeger hacker Amara (newcomer Cailee Spaeny), as the heroes of the PPDC become the only family he has left. Rising up to become the most powerful defense force to ever walk the earth, they will set course for a spectacular all-new adventure on a towering scale.
Pacific Rim Uprising is directed by Steven S. DeKnight (Netflix's Daredevil, STARZ's Spartacus) and also stars Jing Tian, Burn Gorman, Adria Arjona and Charlie Day. #JoinTheUprising
Pacific Rim Uprising – In Theaters March 23
Like this: Like Loading...
TORONTO — Citytv has picked Roger Petersen as the new co-host of Toronto morning show Breakfast Television.
Petersen joined co-host Dina Pugliese on Wednesday as he stepped into the role vacated by Kevin Frankish in May.
A very special announcement: We welcome @RogerFPetersen as co-host of Breakfast Television Toronto, on Citytv. #RogerOnBoard pic.twitter.com/8JGUOrRheT — Breakfast Television Toronto (@BTtoronto) July 4, 2018
Rogers Media, which owns Citytv, said Petersen will be familiar to viewers of the station.
He's covered several major local stories as a news reporter, including the Toronto van attack earlier this year, SARS and the Papal visit.
Petersen also worked from Vancouver for some time as the CityNews anchor.
Every teenager thinks their parents are evil, what if they actually are?
After discovering their parents are super-villains in disguise, a group of teenagers bands together to run away from their homes in order to atone for their parents' actions and to discover the secrets of their origins.
Marvel's Runaways premieres on Amazon Prime Video on November 21st.
Like this: Like Loading...
The CBI on Friday questioned Tejashwi Yadav, son of former railways minister Lalu Prasad Yadav, in connection with alleged corruption in the award of contract to maintain two IRCTC hotels in 2006.The 27-year old former deputy chief minister of Bihar has skipped three notices for questioning in the case before appearing on Friday before the investigation team, the sources said.They said Tejashwi arrived at the agency headquarters at the scheduled time of 11 am.The agency had questioned Lalu Yadav for seven hours on Thursday.The case pertains to allegations that Yadav, as railway minister, handed over the maintenance of two hotels run by the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation, a subsidiary of the Indian Railways, in Ranchi and Puri to Sujata Hotel, a company owned by Vinay and Vijay Kochhar, in return for a prime plot of three acres in Patna through a benami company.The FIR alleged that the RJD leader abused his official position for extending undue favours to the Kochhars and acquired a piece of "high value premium land" through the benami firm Delight Marketing Company.As a quid pro quo, he "dishonestly and fraudulently" awarded the contract to them for the two hotels.After the tender was awarded to Sujata Hotel, the ownership of Delight Marketing also changed hands from Sarla Gupta to Rabri Devi and Tejashwi Yadav between 2010 and 2014, according to the FIR.
MELBOURNE: Women's world number one Lydia Ko has never been more excited to kick off her LPGA season after changing her caddie, coach and clubs as she seeks her way back to the winner's circle.
The 19-year-old New Zealander headlines the Australian Open in Adelaide this week, where she will hope to grab her first tournament win in seven months following a barren second half of 2016, her first mini-slump of a stellar career.
She has been working with new coach South African Gary Gilchrist on her swing for about a month since parting ways with David Leadbetter last year.
New caddie Gary Matthews, former bag-man to Sergio Garcia, will carry her new set of PXG clubs after she signed a multi-million dollar deal with the equipment maker to part ways with Callaway.
"Even though there have been a lot of changes, I don't think I have ever been this excited to come off a break in December and get back into training and into preparing for the season," Ko told reporters at the Royal Adelaide Golf Club on Wednesday.
Twice major champion Ko has not tasted victory since the Marathon Classic in July and finished outside the top 40 in three of her last six LPGA starts.
She has held the world number one ranking for 69 consecutive weeks, however, and said she never felt pressure from the chasing pack to hold onto top spot.
"I try and not think of it as 'hey, everyone is trying to chase me'," Ko, who won the 2015 tournament and was runner-up last year, added.
"When we're out there, we're not thinking about what ranked player she is to me, or what I am.
"That is important to not get carried away about the awards, the rankings. Because at the end of the day, we're all golfers trying to make as many birdies as we can and hopefully hold the trophy at the end of that week.
"That is the mindset I have been trying to take. I feel more self-pressure rather than pressure from others."
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by John O'Brien)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
OROCOVIS, Puerto Rico: At a community center in Orocovis, an isolated agricultural town of 23,000 in the mountains of central Puerto Rico, six oxygen-dependent patients drew breath only with the help of the diesel generator powering their equipment.
Then the generator sputtered as if it might die.
A dozen volunteer doctors and medical students from San Juan started assessing which patients should be transported first - in the town's only ambulance - to a hospital an hour away, and which could survive without oxygen for a short time.
Javier Sevilla Rodriguez, a medical student, had only one way to make the agonizing calls. She removed one woman's oxygen tube, watching carefully to see how her blood-oxygen level responded.
“This is how we are doing triage right now,” he said.
Two weeks after hurricane Maria, many of Puerto Rico's sick, frail and elderly are teetering on the edge, one faulty generator away from missing dialysis treatments or having critical medications go bad.
Advertisement
Advertisement
With most of the country still lacking electricity, hospitals, clinics, and shelters are operating on aging generators not intended for long-term use and powered by scarce diesel fuel. Water is still not available for nearly half the population and supplies of medicines and oxygen are running low.
And residents still can't call for help across vast swaths of the island because of widespread cellular network outages.
Many regions in the interior of the island, like this one, are only now seeing relief efforts, amid a plodding U.S. disaster response to this island of 3.4 million American citizens. The U.S. territory's battered economy and infrastructure has magnified the humanitarian crisis wrought by the strongest hurricane to hit here in nine decades.
In Orocovis, even the sickest patients have gone largely without medical care since the storm. So the doctors worked quickly throughout the day, conferring with caregivers and writing prescriptions they would take back to San Juan to fill and then dispatch by messenger.
Now at the community center, their last stop before leaving town, time ran out.
With a loud clunk, the sounds of humming oxygen machines stopped and were replaced by a chorus of beeps and chirps warning that power had been cut.
The generator had failed.
A CALL FOR DOCTORS
The medical convoy that visited Orocovis is an entire volunteer operation, organized by physician Carlos Mellado. After Maria hit Puerto Rico on September 20, blocking roads and crippling power and communications networks, Mellado asked other doctors at his clinic to cover for him and threw himself into hurricane relief work.
On the first day, he headed to Canovanas, east of the capital, checking on people at shelters. He promised to fill many patients' prescriptions and send back the medications.
The next day, he went to Vieques, an island off Puerto Rico's eastern coast, and found diabetics without insulin, heart patients under extreme stress and crucial treatments interrupted by power outages.
When Mellado returned to San Juan, he stopped by the local radio station, which in the days after the storm, had become a trusted source of information for Puerto Ricans living without communications. Invited to speak to listeners, he called for other physicians willing to join him.
Now, Mellado has a core group of 18 physicians, who rotate between the trips and their own practices, and a growing list of more doctors who want to join. Each morning, he takes out a paper map of the island covered with notes about where he's been. The doctors pick a town and go.
The convoys have no official ties, but Mellado reports each evening on what the doctors found to Puerto Rican and federal officials in San Juan. Sometimes Puerto Rico's housing department coordinates deliveries of the drugs back to the towns, and a pharmacy chain donates medications for patients without insurance.
The government's death count from the storm more than doubled this week to 36. But doctors across the island believe the total would be far higher if it included people with chronic conditions who died because they lacked access to medical care.
“For these critically ill patients, if everything fails, they don't have too much time,” said Humberto Guzman, a pediatric orthopedic surgeon and member of the medical convoy. "People are dying.”
'WE CANNOT WAIT'
In Orocovis, after the generator failed, the doctors looked for a quick fix. Guzman ran up the street to the town's shuttered urgent care facility.
There, he found a half-dozen oxygen tanks that locals said had been delivered the day before. Each could provide about a day's worth of oxygen to a patient.
The tanks were quickly moved to the community center, where the doctors taught family members to use them. But before that became necessary, the generator sprang back to life.
The doctors packed up to leave, assuring patients' families that they could switch to the tanks if the generator failed again.
“In every town right now, there are moments like this happening,” Guzman said. “That's why you need people like us to just go. We cannot wait."
(Reporting by Robin Respaut and Nick Brown; Editing by Sue Horton and Brian Thevenot)
Leonardo DiCaprio, who normally has a thing for blond models under 25, has been spending more time with 23-year-old brunette model Lorena Rae.
On Monday, the “Great Gatsby” actor was seen with Rae and a male pal having lunch at Hillstone on Park Avenue, where, a spy tells us, “they seem like an item,” and, “They walked out together, he pulled down his hat over his eyes.”
A witness also spotted them at MoMA PS1 on Monday, from which she posted photos on Instagram.
Rae was also seen Citi Biking with DiCaprio and his crew last week, but sources say the pair has known one another for a while.
Rae was also pictured hanging out with DiCaprio and his entourage in Monaco at the end of May.
Rae also appeared in July aboard a yacht in photos with DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire and pals in St-Tropez.
A rep for DiCaprio insisted, “They're not dating.”
It should be pointed out that every blond model Leo's been with in the past few years has been referred to as “a friend.” Until she's not.
The Oscar-winning actor split from blond model Nina Agdal in mid-May.
Steve Griffin: Welcome back, Kirtland's warblers
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 The Kirtland's warbler was the first species featured in Michigan's Living Resources patch program. (Steve Griffin/Hearst Michigan) The Kirtland's warbler was the first species featured in Michigan's Living Resources patch program. (Steve Griffin/Hearst Michigan) Steve Griffin: Welcome back, Kirtland's warblers 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
On certain hot, windy, dry spring days, I find it easy to think about a little songbird I've never seen.
I remember the hot, windy, dry May day in the 1980s when I returned from late-season steelhead fishing on the AuSable River, having caught a fresh, 10-pound-plus female, my biggest ever, on a Spring's wiggler fly that I'd tied myself.
My individual joy was quickly tempered by television coverage of a wildfire that had broken loose from a planned, prescribed burn between Rose City and Mio in northern Lower Michigan's Oscoda County.
Federal and state officials were to burn off vegetation and release seeds from jack pine cones. Those seeds would grow to become key habitat for the endangered Kirtland's warbler, a tiny yellow-breasted bird nesting almost exclusively in northern Michigan. (It winters in the Bahamas.) The Kirtland's warbler is aptly called our "bird of fire."
The burn began late. By then, rising winds had rendered vegetation bone-dry and fanned flames which, now feral, leapt across the north-south M-33 highway and kept going.
The fire would scorch more than 25,000 acres, including lands just a mile or so south of our traditional family hunting campsite on the Huron-Manistee National Forest. (For years afterwards, on a south wind we'd hear the chippers brought in to salvage trees left behind.) It left dozens of charred cabins and homes. A biologist with whom I'd worked on several stories was caught on a bulldozer and killed.
Still, the Kirtland's warbler remained special to me. It was the first species featured in Michigan's Living Resources patch program, launched the same year I launched my outdoors writing career, 1975.
At that time, non-game species were just beginning to claim their share of the popular spotlight. The Endangered Species Act (ESA), protecting them, was just seven years old. (The ESA updated the 1967 Endangered Species Preservation Act.)
In the wake of the Mack Lake fire, prescription burning was refined and made safer. It and other efforts continued to benefit the Kirtland's warbler.
Scarce in 1975, the Kirtland's population fell to as low as about 350 birds in 1987. But now, thanks to control of predatory brown-headed cowbirds, controlled burns and other measures, biologists peg their number at more than 4,000.
And now, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service says it may be time to remove the Kirtland's warbler from the federal list of threatened and endangered species. A 90-day comment period is underway, the first step toward de-listing. A final decision is expected within a year.
Michigan DNR director Keith Creagh called the announcement "a great day for conservation and for Michigan."
FWS regional director Tom Melius said Kirtland's warblers were "one of America's rarest birds, but today they represent the power of partnership to recover imperiled wildlife."
The tiny bird's charm and rising fortunes will be celebrated in a Kirtland's Warbler Festival this weekend.
Friday will bring the Kirtland's Warbler Home Opener at Kirtland Community College's Four Mile Road Campus; it will include guest speakers and silent auctions.
Saturday, at the CRAF Center in downtown Roscommon, festival activities include a Kirtland's warbler tour beginning at 7 a.m., Joe Rogers's raptor program at 2:30 p.m., and between them many other activities including live animal shows, face painting and birdhouse building -- all things warbler. (Info on both days' activities is available from the conservation group Huron Pines, at kirtlandswarbler.org)
Kirtland's warblers are back now in Michigan, from the Bahamas. Back, too, from the edge of extinction.
In both ways, I say, welcome back, Kirtland's warblers!
Email freelance outdoors writer Steve Griffin at michigangriff@gmail.com
It was supposed to have been the end of Canada as we know it, but as it turns out, it was merely the end of a foolish and contrived narrative.
Under normal circumstances, a mundane Commons committee report would hardly be worth a mention. And indeed, the report released Thursday by the Standing Committee on Canadian Heritage struggled to garner much media attention. This particular report, however, is the culmination of a process that many had warned would usher in a new era of government censorship and even potentially Islamic Sharia law. It was always a laughable proposition, and the report lays bare just how irrational and conspiratorial this whole panic truly was.
READ MORE: M-103 report flags ‘fake news,' need for better media literacy
It all began nearly a year ago with M-103, a private members motion put forth by Liberal MP Iqra Khalid and subsequently passed by the House of Commons. The motion came on the heels of the horrific slaughter of six Muslims inside a Quebec City mosque and was intended to call attention to the problem of “Islamophobia.” Reasonable people can debate to what extent Islamophobia exists in Canada or whether the word itself is too vague (for example, “anti-Muslim bigotry” might have been preferable), but the reaction to M-103 was anything but reasonable.
READ MORE: House of Commons passes anti-Islamophobia motion M-103
The motion called on the government to “condemn Islamophobia and all forms of systemic racism and religious discrimination,” and tasked the aforementioned Standing Committee on Canadian Heritage to study the extent of the problem and how it might be addressed. M-103 was not a piece of legislation, and nowhere did it propose any new laws or changes to existing laws.
Much of the reaction failed to make the obvious distinction and assumed that Canada had somehow banned criticism of Islam or anything else that might remotely be considered “Islamophobia.” Others saw the motion as merely a prelude to the committee report, which would surely recommend sweeping new censorship powers, and sacrifice the noble principle of free speech in some vague and politically correct crusade against Islamophobia.
WATCH BELOW: Protestors clash across Canada over anti-Islam motion M-103
This was not merely coming from the political fringes, either. These hysterical warnings were coming from otherwise respectable commentators in mainstream publications. There were anti-M-103 protests in various cities across the country. Some Conservative leadership candidates even participated in a rally against M-103, where some of the most alarmist conspiracy theories were prominently on display.
And now, suddenly, the whole narrative lies in ruins. Nothing changed when the motion was passed, and nothing will change now that the committee has issued its report. There are no recommendations for banning criticism of Islam, no calls for a new blasphemy law or Sharia law. There is nothing in this report that is remotely close to the dire warnings we've been hearing for months.
READ MORE: Protesters clash across Canada over anti-Islamophobia motion M-103
Frankly, touting the existence of a clandestine Muslim-led plot to undermine our basic freedoms was always a very strange way of arguing against an examination of anti-Muslim bigotry.
In fact, of the 30 recommendations in the report, the vast majority have nothing to do with Islamophobia. It calls for Jan. 29 — the anniversary of the Quebec City mosque massacre — to be “designated as a National Day of Remembrance and Action on Islamophobia, and other forms of religious discrimination,” and that the government should “actively condemn systemic racism and religious discrimination including Islamophobia.” That's it as far as “Islamophobia” goes.
The rest of the recommendations deal with other government anti-racism initiatives, better collection of hate crimes data, promoting media literacy, and issues related to indigenous Canadians. In other words, it's just the sort of report you'd expect to get from a government committee.
Unfortunately, not only did many opponents of M-103 play right into the Liberals' hands on the issue, those who cried wolf have also made it less likely that legitimate concerns about free speech will be taken seriously in the future. We may face such a situation if the Liberals are indeed serious about undoing changes made in 2013 to the Canadian Human Rights Act.
COMMENTARY: At long last, Canada's blasphemy law is dead
Canadians should, of course, be free to criticize or condemn Islam — or any and all other religions, for that matter. The demise of Canada's actual blasphemy law is a step in the right direction.
But M-103 was never a serious threat to that freedom, and those who claimed otherwise should be embarrassed.
Rob Breakenridge is host of “Afternoons with Rob Breakenridge” on Global News Radio 770 Calgary and a commentator for Global News.
I'd been waiting a year—or my entire life, depending on how you look at it—for this envelope to arrive. It was a self-seal bubble mailer in standard-issue manila sent via messenger from a major publishing house, containing a single copy of the finished version of my first book, Chasing Hillary: Ten Years, Two Presidential Campaigns and One Intact Glass Ceiling .
What I hadn't anticipated during all those years I'd dreamed of becoming a real published author was that when this package finally arrived, I'd be sitting on the sofa soaked in a frothy mix of milk after a full bottle burst open and spilled all over me and my screaming infant son.
It felt like some cosmic life realignment that the finished edition of my memoir about covering Hillary Clinton for The New York Times , arrived during this mini-fiasco called new motherhood. I held my baby in my arms, the envelope taunting me from the floor, where it would remain unopened for the next several hours.
There was a time in my life when the pull of that envelope would've been impossible to resist. Instead, my son and I both wailed.
I'd hardly learned how to write when I began to imagine myself writing a book. I could see the pencil scrawls in my Big Chief notebook published and bound, perched on a shelf at the B. Dalton in North Star Mall in San Antonio, where I grew up. I thought if I worked hard enough and wrote every day, it would happen for me.
I'm a fifth generation Texan, a product of a public high school with metal detectors and an A.P. English teacher whose primary reading material was the J. Crew catalogue. In 1996, when I was 17, one of the teachers at the middle-school school where my mom worked took me to hear Hillary promote her first book, It Takes a Village . I was entranced by what she had to say.
Two weeks after college graduation, I moved to New York with no connections in media or politics and quickly realized how naive I'd been about becoming a writer. I ran around midtown clutching clips from The Daily Texan in a leather Trapper Keeper. I lived on a stash of savings from working in a snow cone stand in Austin. When that ran out, I took temp jobs all over town, at insurance offices and nonprofits, mostly. My writing submissions were either rejected or ignored; things got so bad that I actually contemplated law school. Little by little, I came to understand that winning the Young Author's Conference of South Texas wasn't going to open any doors.
After months with no job offers, my sister met a New York Times political reporter through a mutual friend and this reporter generously agreed to have coffee with me. I'll never forget standing in the crusty lobby of the old Times building in a suit I'd bought at an outlet mall. The reporter never showed.
Three years later, a friend I'd met while temping at Conde Nast Traveler put me up to replace her as the foreign news assistant at The Wall Street Journal . That was my foot-in-the-door. I never imagined that a decade later, I'd be a political reporter at the Times covering the leading candidate for president. (The reporter who never showed is now my colleague.) I wasn't about to let go of that for anything.
In 2013, when I was 34, then Times executive editor Jill Abramson plucked me out of relative obscurity covering media companies and put me on the Hillary beat ahead of the coming presidential election. I knew this wouldn't just be a job, but an all-consuming, cross-country marathon that would stretch on for years and require countless nights in a Holiday Inn Express in [insert swing-state city here]. I'd covered Hillary and Barack Obama's 2008 campaigns, an endeavor that brought me to 48 states, got me enough Marriott points to cover honeymoon lodging in Mexico and left me with 20 extra pounds from eating whatever sandwich was thrown to us on the campaign bus.
At that point, I hadn't given much thought to having a baby. I thought I wanted one, but the timing was terrible. I asked my doctor how much it would cost to freeze my eggs until after the election. She told me to get pregnant immediately and take an au pair on the campaign trail. I left the appointment convinced that the baby could wait a couple more years—and resolved to find a new doctor.
Whenever the subject of babies came up with my husband, Bobby, or with nosy but well-meaning friends, the conversation always found its way back to the same question: “What about Hillary?” Ever since she'd spoken about the cracked ceiling in her 2008 concession speech, I'd dreamed of doing it all over again. Thankfully, Bobby and I were in agreement on one thing: the chance to cover the election of the first woman President for the paper of record was too important to pass up—a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. We decided to put off the baby for a few more years. I might not have been so willing to put my personal life on hold had the path to covering a presidential campaign for the Times been even a tiny bit easier.
Two years later, after Hillary had become the first woman to capture the Democratic nomination for president and the Times's Upshot data model projected that her lead against Trump was insurmountable, Bobby and I started to think ahead. We had the baby talk, again punctuated by the same question— What about Hillary?
After all those years of covering her, I didn't want to stop when Hillary finally reached the White House. I wanted to see what happened when the candidate morphed into Madam President.
I suppose the good people of Wisconsin made our decision for us.
It was late on Election Night. I stood on the floor of the Javits Center surrounded by Hillary's crestfallen supporters. I'd just emailed my editors a tip I'd heard from a campaign source. “Wisconsin,” I told them at exactly 11:51 p.m., “Not gonna happen for them. Gone.”
All around me, Hillary's supporters sobbed. They held cupped hands over open mouths. Grown men collapsed on the floor. A Muslim woman in a hijab dove into the press area and grabbed my arm. “Tell me she can still win!” she said. I didn't say a word. I was still in deadline mode, thinking only of the next story, reporting out my “how she lost” piece for the next day's paper. Old habits die hard.
I didn't realize it at the time, but after three years, visits to all 99 counties in Iowa (twice) and countless renditions of “Fight Song” and—in that instant, under the glass dome that had been set to spill two hundred pounds of confetti shaped like glass shards down on a victorious Hillary—I finally faced a future in which the “What about Hillary?” question no longer loomed.
Not long after Election Day, still in a sleep-deprived fog, I told my very understanding husband, who had visited me on the campaign trail, put up with my constant travel and only occasionally yelled at me to stop looking at Twitter, that I was ready to have a baby.
By then we'd been married for eight years and liked our life—tramping around Southeast Asia, fishing in Montauk, tubing down the Guadalupe River in Texas. He'd left the baby decision entirely up to me. “I could take it or leave it,” he'd say whenever I brought it up. But now that I'd made up my mind, he was all in.
In the weeks after Donald Trump's inauguration, when I began my (coincidentally) nine-month book leave, I struggled to pull myself away from the adrenaline that comes with a byline, the warm bath of breaking news and re-Tweets. There was a lot about the campaign that I didn't miss, the exhaustion, the ugliness, the campaign trying to control every word I wrote, but I loved the other “girls on the bus” who covered Hillary and the way that every day had the feel of a traveling circus. This was a far cry from sitting at my dining room table, staring at a blank screen.
But by June 2017, two remarkable, life-transforming things had happened– I'd written 80,000 words about Hillary's pursuit of the presidency —and, at 38 years old, I was pregnant with our first child. A book and a baby—the two most terrifying, all-consuming things a procrastinator like me would ever do—now forever intrinsically linked.
Ten days after our son Cormac was born, I read a final version of Chasing Hillary . This was my last chance to (gulp!) make factual changes. He lay in my lap, my perfect little peanut, as I reviewed 384 printed pages. I posted a picture of us on Instagram. A friend called me Wonder Woman, another told me I made it look easy. What I left out of the caption: the fact that I had dried baby vomit in my hair. That the vomit had been there for 24 hours, probably longer. Who could be sure?
For years, when parents warned me how emotionally and physically grueling new motherhood would be, I nodded but thought: If I can function on no sleep for Hillary, I can do it for my own child.
This turned out to be only partly true. I could indeed endure three hours of sleep, down a cold brew with a shot of espresso and crank out a reasonably coherent front-page story. And, unlike Hillary's campaign, my baby took a long afternoon nap. But the new baby knocked me back in ways that I hadn't anticipated. For example, no one told me, that I'd be in so much pain that for the first five weeks just walking from couch to crib would be a challenge. Or that I would irrationally yell at my saint-of-a-husband over dirty bottles and diaper changes, unable to scream about my real frustration—that men, even the best ones, don't have to go through any of this.
And even if someone had warned me, I wouldn't have believed them that I would be so hopelessly, inexplicably in absolute, all-consuming love that I would start to see the book, my first “baby,” as an unwanted distraction. I couldn't have imagined a scenario in which the arrival of my first book would essentially amount to an afterthought. And then it coincided with the arrival of a delightful little baby who filled a piece of me that, it turned out, newsprint never could.
However, I will admit that in recent weeks I've spent several sleepless nights agonizing over questions like: will my vagina still hurt while I'm on a multi-city, weeks-long book tour with my baby and my mom in tow? Is there any under-eye cover on that planet that could brighten the dark circles under my eyes? Will my raging hormones cause me to burst into tears on “Morning Joe”?
I had cabbage on my breasts (an old trick to reduce the pain) and an ice pack in my underwear when the publisher needed me to sign off on the jacket design. I wished I were staring into my baby's eyes (even if they were closed). Or napping beside him. Or doing just about anything (changing a heaping diaper!) other than arguing with the fact checker about whether the bomb sniffing dogs used by the secret service were German Shepherds or Belgian Malinois. (They are the latter, in case you're wondering.)
People always told me that you are supposed to read to your baby in utero, I'd considered talking to my bulging stomach a bridge too far. Then I realized that in recording the audio version of my book while nine months pregnant, I'd already read 80 hours of my own words to Cormac.
He'd been with me the whole time, kicking as I wrote. I couldn't have done it without him, without the promise of him. We would open that envelope together. Just as soon as I found a pacifier.
Amy Chozick is a writer-at-large for The New York Times and the author of Chasing Hillary: Ten Years, Two Presidential Campaigns and One Intact Glass Ceiling.
It's pretty clear at this point that Selena Gomez and The Weeknd are obsessed with each other. They regularly gush about each other on social media , take cute selfies, and even wear matching footwear . The two rarely comment on their relationship publicly, but they're not shy about showing their love to the world.
And that involves traveling thousands of miles to hang out, apparently. The Weeknd first did this for Gomez in July, when he took an 11.5-hour flight from Paris to Los Angeles to spend time with her for her birthday. Now, Gomez is returning the favor. The actress just flew approximately 2,400 miles from New York City to Vancouver to kick it with The Weeknd for the weekend.
An eagle-eyed fan snapped a photo of Gomez and The Weeknd walking in the Canadian city last night. They look so cute and cuddly and just ugh . Swoon! Check it out for yourself, below:
Loading View on Instagram
Big-time Gomez fans know she's been in New York City for the past few weeks working on a new movie. She was literally last photographed in the Big Apple on Wednesday—and the trip to Vancouver isn't short. Plus, if production on her new film isn't finished, she probably has to be back in NYC soon. All that traveling is giving me whiplash, but, hey, that's how you make a relationship work when you're two famous pop stars.
“It's really hard when I would want to spend so much time hiding things,” Gomez told Ryan Seacrest over the summer about why she isn't hiding her relationship with The Weeknd. “It's too much pressure, and I think everyone gets over everything eventually. I just want to be happy. If that's me just being myself, then I don't really care.”
Related Stories:
Selena Gomez and The Weeknd Are Obsessing Over Each Other on Instagram—Again
The Weeknd Is Really Into Whatever Selena Gomez's 'Not-So-Secret' Project Is
11 Times Selena Gomez and The Weeknd Couldn't Keep Their Hands to Themselves
TOKYO: Japan on Tuesday (Dec 12) chose the Chinese character for "North" as its traditional "defining symbol of 2017" following a series of North Korean missile launches.
Japanese TV stations went live to broadcast the annual announcement, in which Seihan Mori, master of the ancient Kiyomizu temple in Kyoto, wrote the character on a huge white panel using an ink-soaked calligraphy brush.
"It was the year in which people felt threatened and anxious by North Korea following repeated ballistic missile launches and a nuclear test," said the Japan Kanji Aptitude Testing Foundation, the event organiser.
At the end of every year, the general public votes for a Chinese character they think embodies the key news and events of the previous 12 months.
A total of 7,104 people out of 153,594 voted for the character "North."
A 38-year-old woman from northern Fukushima prefecture who voted for the character said she was "constantly scared of North Korean missiles".
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Our generation never experienced war ... What if a missile actually falls on Japan? It is horrifying," she said, according to the organiser.
Last year, Japan picked "gold" to celebrate the success of Japanese athletes winning gold medals at the Rio Olympics.
Chinese characters, or Kanji, are widely used in Japanese, along with other types of alphabets.
Charges are being pressed against the owner responsible for the alleged neglect of 46 dogs near Williams Lake. Photo submitted
A Williams Lake man who had 46 dogs seized from his property in February, has been formally charged with two counts of animal cruelty.
The BC SPCA seized the dogs from Terry Baker on Feb. 22, due to concerns of neglect, undersocialization and distress. The animals ranged from puppies, to adult and older dogs.
“The dogs were seized because of lack of shelter, poor sanitation and inadequate veterinary care, but the biggest issue once they were in our care was that they were terrified of human contact,” said Marcie Moriarty, chief prevention and enforcement officer for the BC SPCA.
Read more: BC SPCA seizes 46 dogs near Williams Lake
The animals included American Eskimo, border collie, husky and Samoyed breeds, some of whom were pregnant when they were seized.
“One of the complications was that several of the dogs were pregnant and gave birth shortly after coming into SPCA care, but were too frightened to let staff near them or their puppies. Thankfully we have some extremely knowledgeable and dedicated staff members who were able to provide the care and treatment they needed despite the challenges,” said Moriarty.
Read more: BC SPCA under pressure to care for seized dogs
The SPCA said veterinary and behavioural staff worked with the dogs hourly to help them adjust to everyday sights and sounds.
“This was a very intensive undertaking involving hundreds of staff and volunteer hours,” said Moriarty.
“The fact that the majority of the dogs have responded to the behaviour modification to the point that we were able to adopt them into new homes is quite incredible, given the condition they were in when they were seized.”
While the SPCA had been fearful they would have to euthanize some of the animals, today, only eight remain in SPCA care.
In April, Baker appealed the seizure, asking to have 10 of his animals returned.
Read more: B.C. man loses appeal to get 10 dogs back after more than 46 animals seized
In his appeal testimony, Baker said while the situation was not “perfectly ideal,” the dogs were well-fed, happy and none were harmed or abused.
He said things had “got away” from him following the death of his mother, and the seizure was simply a case of bad timing, after he had been sick with the flu.
The appeal was ultimately denied by the B.C. Farm Industry Review Board.
Baker has previously been convicted of animal cruelty in a case in Saskatchewan involving more than 70 dogs.
His sentence included conditions that he was not to own or possess more than 10 dogs, six horses, or 10 chickens, with an exception of an additional 20 dogs, horses, or chickens under the age of six months.
If convicted in court, Baker could face a fine of up to $10,000, five years in jail and a lifetime ban on owning animals.
Read more: Truckload of homemade dog beds headed to BC SPCA shelters
@Tspricker
tara.sprickerhoff@wltribune.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Ride-hailing service Uber Technologies Inc is asking lenders to lower pricing on its US$1.13 billion term loan due in 2023, sources said.
NEW YORK (LPC) - Ride-hailing service Uber Technologies Inc is asking lenders to lower pricing on its US$1.13 billion term loan due in 2023, sources said.
Strong demand for the company's debt has kept bids for the loan above 100 in the secondary market since September 2017, according to LPC data. The loan had an average bid of 100.7 at the start of the week, which typically allows issuers to lower pricing as investors are more eager to hold onto the paper at a lower interest rate than allow it to be refinanced and handed over to someone else.
Advertisement
Uber is tapping its original lenders to cut the interest rate on the loan after deciding to privately place a separate US$1.5 billion term loan with investors in March – an unusual move in the leveraged loan market, which typically relies on investment banks to arrange syndicated deals.
The privately held company has generated huge interest among loan investors due to its massive valuation, which currently stands at USUS$62bn based on proposed terms from a secondary stock sale announced last week, as well as the fact that so many people use the service.
A lenders call is scheduled for May 31 at noon. Morgan Stanley is leading with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, Citibank, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Royal Bank of Canada and SunTrust.
Uber made waves in the leveraged loan market in 2016 when it arranged the loan and priced the debt at 400bp over Libor despite generating negative Ebitda. The leveraged loan market typically requires companies to be generating profits before investors are willing to lend.
Advertisement
Advertisement
As reported by Reuters, Uber lost US$312 million during the first quarter of 2018, less than half of the US$775 million loss posted during the fourth quarter of 2017 and substantially less than the USUS$598m loss reported during the same quarter a year ago.
Investors were eager to buy the loan when it came to the market due to the buzz generated by the popular startup, allowing the company to increase the size to US$1.15 billion from US$1 billion during syndication. The loan was later criticized by federal regulators, as reported.
Federal banking regulators implemented Leveraged Lending Guidance in 2013 that more closely examined loans with leverage of greater than 6.0 times debt to Ebitda and required banks to make sure issuers can pay down all senior debt, or at least half of all debt, within five to seven years.
Comptroller of the Currency Joseph Otting, one of the heads of the regulators responsible for overseeing the guidelines, said last week that banks have the flexibility to underwrite loans outside those parameters if they do it in a "safe and sound manner."
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
After banks were criticized for the original loan, Uber privately placed the separate USUS$1.5bn seven-year term loan with investors in March using Cortland Capital Market Services as the administrative agent in an effort to evade more scrutiny from banking regulators.
The company increased the size of that loan to US$1.5 billion from US$1.25 billion and lowered pricing to the same rate of 400bp over Libor from initial guidance in the 425bp-450bp over Libor range.
The loan placed directly is also currently seeing a bid of 100.7, according to LPC data.
(Reporting by Jonathan Schwarzberg; Editing by Michelle Sierra and Lynn Adler)
A gunman opened fire at a community baseball practice game in Washington on Wednesday, critically wounding top Republican Congressman Steve Scalise and three others, before the police shot him dead. The attack provoked a wave of emotion on Capitol Hill, where Republicans and Democrats expressed concerns over a possible rise in verbal or physical violence, and president Donald Trump appealed for unity.
In addition to this, a man dressed in a UPS uniform opened fire at a package sorting hub in San Francisco, killing three people before turning the gun on himself, police said.
However, the despite the two incidents, the one issue that hasn't been spoken about is gun control. In a country where there are almost as many guns as people, gun ownership is fiercely defended by firearms industry lobbyists, and Republican politicians, who now control the Senate, the House of Representatives and the White House.
There was also no immediate indication that Trump or his fellow Republicans would shift from their position protecting gun ownership rights. House Republicans who attended a briefing following the shooting were asked by reporters about the need for gun control legislation. "Everyone was focused on the facts of the case, and what might be needed to enhance lawmakers' security," was all Republican representative Barbara Comstock would say.
Scalise was, ironically enough, part of efforts made by House Republicans that opposed federal gun control laws, which he saw as an assault on the Constitution's Second Amendment.
Even today, gun control groups are fighting federal legislation that would relax existing gun laws, especially after Republicans backed by the National Rifle Association (NRA) fared well in last November's elections.
Among the first things they did was roll back curbs imposed by former president Barack Obama's administration, that sought to restrict sale of firearms to people receiving social security checks for mental illnesses or people deemed unfit to handle their own financial affairs.
As pointed out in a report on NBC News, the rule was hotly contested by gun rights advocates. John Feinblatt, president of the Everytown For Gun Safety group, was quoted as saying he expected more gun control rollbacks. "(It is) just the first item on the gun lobby's wish list," he said, accusing the National Rifle Association of "pushing more guns, for more people, in more places".
The National Rifle Association was a generous supporter of the Trump campaign for presidency, donating $30 million. As mentioned by a Bloomberg report, Trump received an ecstatic reception from the lobbying group at its April convention in Atlanta. "You came through for me," Trump told his audience there, adding, "And I am going to come through for you."
He soon came good on his promise, the report mentioned, when he overturned another regulation imposed by his predecessor, that had stopped hunters from shooting down bears from airplanes on federal land in Alaska.
But Trump's critics have said that apart from the relaxation of these checks, there hasn't been any concerted effort on Trump's part. A report on CNN said that gun right advocates are looking for Trump to help advance legislation making concealed-carry permits valid across state lines, as well as a measure that would loosen requirements for buying gun silencers.
However, Trump's chief accomplishment, in gun advocates' view, was his successful nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, which returned a conservative majority to the panel and opened the door for legal challenges to some restrictive gun laws in states around the country. Already, the NRA has launched legal actions against an assault weapons ban in California in the hope that it would be eventually overturned by the court.
With inputs from Reuters
We calculate things on a monthly basis. We prefer salary on a monthly basis, instead of weekly, daily or quarterly. We plan expenses on a monthly basis.
A month is something that is not very fast moving like a week or a day and it is not very slow moving like quarter or year and is convenient in many ways.
Everyone should develop the habit of investing every month. It doesn't matter how much more or how less you invest in any given month but it is all about developing the crucial habit and considering investment as one of your expenses so you take aside the money that needs to be invested.
Here are 7 reasons why you should consider investing every month.
Beat the ups and downs of the market – I guess this is said more often than one may need to hear but I will reiterate it once again. When market is up or market is down, you will tend to average your investment and that will help you remain profitable more often in market. Diversify investment over time – When you are not investing at one given point of time, you average your investment over a period of time to reduce the risk of market fluctuations and aberrations. Diversify investment over price – The price is ever fluctuating but when you invest regularly, your investment is diversified over range of price. Beat the inflation – The only way to beat inflation is by investing where you have much better returns than inflation which has always been near 5%. Investing in equity every month can help you beat the inflation by a big margin. Accumulate savings – When you prefer to be investing every month, you start to accumulate savings that can help you build a good corpus amount invested without much of a dent on your pocket. Compounding returns – Compounding is the 8th wonder of the world and as you are adding more to the investment kitty every month, your earlier investments start generating returns that can have the cascading effect of compounding the returns. No one can invest enough in one go – We Aren't Warren Buffet or Rakesh Jhunjhunwala who can invest a truckload of money in one stock at a given point of time. We have limited money and so have to plan to build corpus over time.
Market at all-time high what should one do?
In this article I mention about stopping SIP but it was meant only for those who want to be booking profits and not for everyone.
The market is at all-time high and we often consider it to be not the right time to invest but this is not the time to stop investing either.
Let us see some numbers.
The market in March 2015 hit an all-time high when Nifty touched 9119. It remained high until market took out 9119 again in March 2017.
So from March 2015 to March 2017, the index has been flat but what happens to the returns of the retail investor who start a SIP when the market was at all-time high.
The funds that I select are from my pick of the best large cap fund, the best midcap fund and best small cap fund of 2017 and his portfolio as on April 2017 looks like this.
The returns vary from 18% to 30% depending on the type of fund he selected. 18% return is awesome considering he started when the market hit a peak.
So if you are considering it may not be the right time to start your SIP, time to rethink your strategy.
The President of the Senate, Dr. Abubakar Bukola Saraki, on Tuesday accused Governors elected on the platform of the Progressives Congress and Ministers of sponsoring protests against the National Assembly.
A Hundred of Protesters stormed the National Assembly entrance early on Tuesday morning to protest against alleged budget padding and constituency projects in the 2018 budget signed by President Muhammadu Buhari.
However, Saraki, who spoke during plenary, accused the governors and ministers of instigating the protesters.
He said this after Senator Barnabas Gemade called the attention of the lawmakers to the protest.
The Senate president reiterated that funds for constituency projects are not given to the lawmakers and it was the executive that implements them.
Saraki said: “For Nigerians being used – people are taking advantage of the poverty in the country and what is saddening about it is that those who are doing this are those who are part of government.
“This does not help the unity of the arms of government.
“Mr. President needs to investigate this and call to order – there is no secret in this.
“If you go out there, those boys will tell you where they are collecting the money from; the minister giving them the money, the governor that is giving them the money and these are governors, ministers in the same ruling party.
“So, I rarely don't understand how they will promote unity with this kind of things.
“There is need for this kind of activities to stop.
“If we keep weakening this institution, it will hurt us down the line when we need them.
“Those showing rascality, irresponsibility should be called to order because they are taking advantage of these young ones.
“If there is something wrong with the implementation, it is the Executive.
“We don't award the contract, we don't release the money.
“Those behind the protest should desist.
“It is not in the interest of the unity of this country.”
Speaking earlier, Senator Isah Misau disclosed that those sponsoring protests against the National Assembly are people close to President Muhammadu Buhari.
According to Misau: “The demonstration you are seeing outside is organised by a serving minister.
“It is a product of a sitting government.
“A lot of money was to be used on the National Assembly to declare that seat vacant.
“These same people looking for the seat of Mr. President are now the good boys around the President.
“The people that want to bring you down.”
A businesswoman, Morenike Ajani, on Monday, urged an Agege Customary Court in Lagos to dissolve her 23-year old marriage to her husband, Wasiu Ajani for lack of care.
The petitioner, who resides at Kolawole Street, Papa Ashafa in Orile Agege area of Lagos, told the court that she was no longer interested in the union.
“My husband is irresponsible; he has refused to make any attempt to legalise our union.
“He is a drunkard, who drinks to stupor and misbehaves; and this usually leads to a serious disagreement between us,” she said.
The petitioner said she had to move out of her husband's house in 2013 when life became unbearable for her, stressing that the man continued to threaten her life.
“I can no longer bear the emotional and verbal torture I suffer in his hands.
“We no longer behave like a couple because my husband does not give me peace of mind neither does he fend for the family,” she said.
She said her husband had not been responsible for their children's education and upkeep for the past three years.
“I have been paying the children's school fees, clothing and feeding them and my husband does not care whether we are alive or dead.
“He told my first child to learn a trade even when the chap wanted to further his education.
“All my husband does is to drink and engage in extra marital affairs.
“He is not caring and lacks respect for the institution of marriage; please separate us, I can no longer live with him,” she pleaded.
The respondent, however, urged the court not to dissolve his marriage, claiming that he still loved his wife.
“I try my best to cater for my family but my wife is never satisfied,” he said.
The respondent, who described the petitioner as a serial flirt, alleged that she was dating his neighbour's husband.
He admitted that he was also flirting with other women because his wife refused to have sex with him; since my body is not firewood, l decided to go out,”
Ajani told the court that he refused to legalise the union because of his wife's lack of seriousness.
“She keeps moving in and out of the marriage whenever there is any misunderstanding between us,” he said.
The court's president, Mrs Ibironke Elabor, who advised the estranged couple to keep the peace, adjourned the case to April 10 for judgment.
THE skeleton of an ancient never-before-known species of animal has been discovered, and could shake up Earth's history timelines forever.
“We thought early mammals from the Cretaceous period were anatomically similar and not ecologically diverse” Adam Hüttenlocker Scientists discovered the remains of the newly-named, Cifelliodon wahkarmoosuch, in Utah during a routine dig. The skull reveals it was a cat-like animal that, bizarrely, had a snout and buck teeth for crushing teeth. It is estimated to have been about six inches tall, based on its cranium size. The discovery could have massive implications for scientists who study the Earth's past.
GETTY/ ADAM HUNTENLOCKER ET AL DINO DISCOVERY: The find could rock the science world
Antarctica's alien marine ecosystem REVEALED Newly-exposed Antarctic seabed is set to unearth more secrets of the deep 1 / 12 AFP/Getty Images A type of deep sea worm found in the exposed deep sea
It has so far given evidence to the belief that the super-continent of Pangea split 15 million years earlier than expected and reptile-mammal hybrids started evolving around this time. Pangea was made up of what would become all the world's continents and existed some 335 million years ago. Scientists previously claimed it had broken up at about 175 million years ago. Adam Hüttenlocker, lead author on the study and professor at the University of Southern California, said: "Based on the unlikely discovery of this near-complete fossil cranium, we now recognise a new cosmopolitan group of early mammal relatives.
Storm Emma: Dead animals wash up on Yorkshire beach following killer storm Beachgoers were left shocked after this devastating scene of MILLIONS of sea creatures washed up on the shore. Dead seals and millions of sea creatures - from fish to lobsters - were washed up along the East Coast of Yorkshire. Big tides and gale force winds from Storm Emma are believed to have caused the huge dump of animals on the beach. Shocking pictures from Fraisthorpe beach near Bridlington, East Yorks., show tonnes of the creatures on the shore, with many people coming and filling buckets and boxes and carrying them away. 1 / 21 SWNS.com
Kitchener is off to a strong start and the vibe around the team has oozed positivity.
But the changes didn't damper the on ice product on Friday. The Rangers defeated Erie 5-3 for their fourth win in the past five games and first on home ice this season.
It was a collective effort.
Overage forward Jake Henderson led the way with a goal and an assist while Riley Damiani potted his third of the year on a short-handed breakaway. Adam Mascherin, Giovanni Vallati and Joseph Garreffa also scored.
Erie winger Patrick Fellows broke Anthony Dumont-Bouchard's shutout bid when he sniped his first off a turnover midway through the third period to make it 4-1 Rangers.
Otters Kyle Maksimovich and Joseph Mack added on in the third to make it close but Dumont-Bouchard held down the fort to improve to 4-0 this season.
Kitchener is in no rush to replace Barnaby.
Longtime strength and conditioning coach Brandon Merli joined the bench Friday and will help out for the time being. Current assistant Andreas Karlsson is now in charge of the defence and penalty kill while McKee will look after the offence and power play.
"Losing someone like him (Barnaby) six games in when we've been kind of hot is tough," said Hall. "We're just taking it slow. We wish him the best."
The Rangers are off to Guelph to face the Storm Saturday at the Sleeman Centre at 4 p.m.
Notes: Rangers captain Connor Bunnaman returned Friday after missing two games while winger Cole Carter was also back after a one-game absence. Both were out with the flu. … Eric Guest returned from a concussion and made his season debut for the Blueshirts as the centre on the team's top line. … Erie forward Taylor Raddysh returned to action after missing a week with an upper body injury.
jbrown@therecord.com , Twitter: @BrownRecord
Thomasina Petrus, who stars as Billie Holiday, knows this material intimately. Growing up in Minneapolis, she was inspired by performances of Lanie Robertson's 1986 classic at the Cricket Theatre (now the Music Box Theatre, on Nicollet Avenue); Petrus grew up to play Lady Day herself at Park Square Theatre. Now she's revisiting the show under the direction of Marion McClinton, and you're not likely to find a more detailed, resonant production of this modern classic.
The show is a fictionalized reimagining of a performance in 1959, the year Holiday died. The star is clearly suffering, drinking clear liquor and ultimately disappearing backstage to shoot up. What makes the scenario so poignant is that Holiday's ability to convey profound hurt was much of what made her a legend. As we learn more about her sorrows, we grow to appreciate the combination of musical genius and personal courage it took to render her truth in song.
Petrus commands her character from the moment we first see her, smoking a cigarette in a dark recess while her trio (pianist Thomas A. West, bassist Ron Evaniuk, and a drummer played on Friday night by Dale Alexander) warm up. Eventually she shows up in a dressing room, visible behind a lacy curtain on Joel Sass' weathered set. Finally she appears warily onstage as her bandleader strikes up the old favorites he knows will bring her to life.
A life story recounted through onstage banter is a basic music-theater trope, but there was nothing basic about Billie Holiday, and Robertson's script fascinates because he paints the singer with both great admiration and deep humanity. The play's quintessential moment may be an anecdote that brings the house down with its uproarious denouement but also evidences the institutionalized racism and sexism that circumscribed Holiday's life.
Petrus' performance is a tribute to Holiday, from an uncanny vocal impersonation (this is not a hill to climb if you can't make it all the way) to a lively portrayal of her deadpan wit. She's resplendent in costumes by Trevor Bowen, particularly the gorgeously eerie look she wears in the show's second half, atmospherically lit by Michael Wangen. Sean Healey's careful sound design places Petrus' voice at a range of levels, from bold to distant, as she moves about the stage.
Lady Day may seem simple to stage, but this story demands the kind of impeccable attention provided here. It's an unforgettable show, beautiful and haunting.
Lady Day at Emerson's Bar and Grill
Jungle Theater
2951 Lyndale Ave. S., Minneapolis
612-822-7063; through June 24
With buoyant market conditions continuing to raise investor expectations, those focused on growth need to pick their companies more carefully than ever before. Here are just a couple of small-cap stocks that I think stand a better chance than most of delivering terrific returns for holders over the medium term. Game on £300m cap, Cambridge-based business Quixant (LSE: QXT) has been a great performer over the last year with shares in the computing platform provider soaring 63%. A quick glance at September's interim numbers gives some indication of why the stock has become so popular. In the six months to the end…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
With buoyant market conditions continuing to raise investor expectations, those focused on growth need to pick their companies more carefully than ever before. Here are just a couple of small-cap stocks that I think stand a better chance than most of delivering terrific returns for holders over the medium term.
Game on
£300m cap, Cambridge-based business Quixant (LSE: QXT) has been a great performer over the last year with shares in the computing platform provider soaring 63%. A quick glance at September's interim numbers gives some indication of why the stock has become so popular.
In the six months to the end of June, group revenue rose 38% to just under $57m, with roughly two-thirds of this coming from Quixant's Gaming division. Even more impressive is the fact that the remaining £19.1m came from Densitron — the electronic screen maker only acquired by the former in 2015.
Although pre-tax profit pretty much doubled to $8.7m from the $4.4m achieved over the first half of 2016, management — rather sensibly — isn't getting too carried away. While remaining confident on trading for the rest of the 2017 and beyond, Chief Operating Officer Jon Jayal suggested that recent strong demand for its gaming platforms was “out of the ordinary” and unlikely to continue for the full year. In a market where companies frequently over-promise and under-perform, this kind of transparency is really rather refreshing.
At 30 times forecast earnings, Quixant is most definitely not a cheap stock to acquire. Nevertheless, recent results combined with the company's sound financial position ($1.7m in net cash, comparing favourably to the $100,000 debt on its books as it entered 2017) and consistently high returns on capital suggest it might just be worth paying out for. Or at least adding to watchlists while we await a (somewhat inevitable) pullback in the general market.
In demand
Like those already owning Quixant, holders of small-cap recruitment specialist Harvey Nash (LSE: HVN) have also enjoyed a more-than-decent 2017 so far. Priced at 63p each in January, shares in the £65m cap have since climbed 42% to just under 90p. With 28% and 22% EPS growth expected over the next two years as demand for skilled technicians continues to rise, there could be plenty of upside left to come.
Last week's interim results for the six months to the end of July revealed a 12.6% jump in revenue and 16.8% increase in pre-tax profit despite a “challenging UK market,” according to CEO Albert Ellis. Record revenue and profits were reported from operations in the Benelux countries with improved trading also seen in the Nordics and Asia Pacific regions.
A transformation plan — implemented during the reporting period and designed to streamline the business, reduce overheads and sort out underperforming offices — was “on track” according to the company. It's expected to deliver savings of £1.1m this year followed by a further £2.2m in 2018/19. To further support growth, the firm also moved to AIM from the main market after deeming the former to be more appropriate for its scale and acquisition strategy.
Trading at just 8 times earnings for the current year, shares in Harvey Nash look a steal at the current time — even more so when it's considered that the stock comes with a forecast 4.8% yield, easily covered by profits. While it's worth keeping an eye on the company's debt burden, I remain bullish on its prospects for now.
The £12m Stoke star has caught the Portuguese's eye while shining at the World Cup.
Shaqiri impressed for Switzerland at the tournament in Russia.
And with Mourinho watching closely while doing punditry, he is eyeing a move for the now Championship talent.
Liverpool have been strongly linked with a transfer, with the 26-year-old seen as support for Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane.
However, United could yet swoop ahead of their arch-rivals.
The Sun say Mourinho is lining up at £12m bid, which is his buyout clause at Stoke.
REUTERS: Jupp Heynckes is coming out of retirement to take over as coach of Bayern Munich until the end of the season, the Bundesliga club said on Friday.
Bavaria sacked Carlo Ancelotti last week.
Heynckes, 72, led Bavaria to the domestic league and Cup double and the Champions League title in 2013 before making way for Spaniard Pep Guardiola.
Ancelotti took over last season but the Italian was fired after Bayern slipped to second place in the league, squandering two-goal leads in consecutive games. They also lost 3-0 at Paris St Germain in the Champions League.
"I wouldn't have returned to any other club in the world, but FC Bayern Munchen are very close to my heart," Heynckes said in a statement on the club website (www.fcbayern.com).
"My coaching staff and I will now do everything to bring back successful football for the fans. I'm very much looking forward to this challenge."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Heynckes, who also coached Bayern from 1987-91, will reunite with former assistants Peter Hermann and Hermann Gerland, who were part of his backroom staff during the club's treble-winning season.
Hermann has left his post as assistant coach at Bundesliga 2 side Fortuna Duesseldorf, while Gerland - currently sporting head of Bayern's youth set-up - will now work with the first team until the end of the season.
"There's a great mutual trust between Jupp Heynckes and FC Bayern," CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said. "We're very thankful to Jupp that he's accepted the offer of head coach. He's the ideal man for FC Bayern at this moment in time."
Heynckes's first match in charge is a home game against Freiburg on Oct. 14. Bayern are five points behind leaders Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga standings after seven games.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin and Simon Jennings, editing by Ed Osmond)
This year, Matt Damon wants Super Bowl fans to feel good about having a drink — or two.
“Not to be a total homer, Mark, but I want you to make your Super Bowl matter,” Damon says down the line from New York.
Water.org, a charitable organization started by the Oscar-winning actor and co-founder Gary White, has once again partnered with Stella Artois to raise awareness and help end the global water crisis.
It's a cause Damon has been passionate about for over a decade, and one that has helped millions of people in the developing world gain access to clean water.
A new ad — which is slated to air during Sunday's big game — could, Damon says, be a game changer.
“If anybody in Canada between now and the middle of April buys a 12-pack of Stella, you are also buying clean water for someone in the developing world for six months,” Damon says.
Like last year, limited-edition chalices can also be purchased, with every sale giving one person in the developing world clean water for five years.
So far the partnership between Stella — which is making its return to the Super Bowl for the first time since 2011 — and Water.org has helped over a million people in the developing world. Together, they aim to provide 3.5 million people access to clean water by 2020.
“It's just amazing,” Damon says. “This is a real, tangible way that people can move the needle for a fellow human being.”
While in the midst of a media blitz that included stops on the Today show and a pop-up bar in NYC, Damon rang up to speak about his commitment to activism, tell us why Tom Brady and the Patriots are about to win another Super Bowl title and the one piece of advice Clint Eastwood gave him that he never forgot.
Water.org is turning 10 next year. Why was clean water an issue you became so passionate about?
In looking at issues surrounding extreme poverty, I realized pretty quickly water and sanitation underpinned everything. It was just so massive. The scale of the problem and how no one was really talking about it was something I became fascinated with. It's exceedingly complex and I'm still learning 12, 13 years later. It became clear to me a few years after starting my own organization, and trying to help make an impact, that I'd be better served partnering with the smartest person I could find. That led me to Gary and we folded our two organizations together almost 10 years ago. It doesn't seem like it. It seems like almost yesterday, but then I look at the impact. We reached a million people in 2012. Now we're hitting a million a quarter. We just reached our 10 millionth person last week. It's really going well. It's going the way we dreamed it would.
We choose movies and they are highly personal choices. Some of them have success at the box office, some are loved by critics and some really don't find success with either. But you don't love them any less. Matt Damon sounds off on his films that didn't get their due
There are more than 663 million people worldwide with no access to clean water. You're going to have an ad on during the Super Bowl that's going to reach a lot of people. What are your hopes there?
It's amazing that Stella is doing this. It's an awesome partnership for us and they're using their formidable reach to get this message out. It gives people an actionable way that they can participate and help. It's beyond what we could have hoped for in a partner and we have really high hopes that it will activate its consumer base to participate in this.
You've been in the public eye for 20 years. Why is social activism such a big part of who you are?
I don't know that it's a bigger part of me than it is anyone else. I was always raised to believe that it was incumbent on us to do what we can within our sphere of influence to help better the lives of others — whatever that is. I don't think that makes me particularly unique. A lot of people feel that way. But it's hard. I think a lot of people are looking for ways to make a difference and it's hard to find out how to do that. That's why things like this are great. It's simple and it's really easy to understand. You know that you're helping an organization that's been vetted and has been doing good work for a long time.
We asked you the politics question last year and you said no. What about now: any chance you'll run for office someday?
Absolutely not. I don't want anything to do with it. Mark, after last month (when Damon waded into the #MeToo debate), does it look more attractive now? I'll pass. I think I've found a way to make an impact and I want to keep doing that. I love what Gary and I and everyone at Water.org has been able to do and I just want to keep leaning into that momentum.
You ignited some controversy with comments you made in December about the sexual harassment scandals sweeping Hollywood. Do you regret what you said?
Yes, it's been a little over a month and I just have been listening to the response — carefully — and in retrospect … I wouldn't have said what I said. Ultimately, what it comes down to for me is I don't ever want to further anybody's pain with anything I say or do. So for that, I'm truly sorry.
Alright, Tom Brady and the New England Patriots are in the Super Bowl going for their sixth ring. Why does he keep getting better and better?
Tom is just completely committed to it. It's not something where he goes to work and turns it on; he just never turns it off. It's a lifestyle for him. I mean, look he put a book out about it just last year. It's an absolute choice. I remember being out to dinner with him in 2008 in May with a group of people and someone ordered a bottle of wine and went to pour it in his glass. He said, ‘No,' and I asked him, ‘Don't you start training in two months?' and he replied, ‘No.' I remember looking at him thinking, ‘Wow, he won't even have a glass of wine.' He said, ‘No, not tonight.' This is his priority: being the greatest ever and being the best he can be.
You're a Boston Red Sox fan, what do you think of the Yankees landing the reigning NL MVP Giancarlo Stanton?
You're from Toronto, why are you even bringing this up, man? Why are you trying to depress me? This is going to be horrible — for all of us. The Yankees are so stacked now. This is going to be a long summer — for you and me. I believe in the Red Sox, so hopefully they can mount some sort of attack on this juggernaut. We got (new manager) Alex Cora, and we're excited by that.
It's been 20 years since you and Ben Affleck won an Oscar for Good Will Hunting. Have you ever thought about making a sequel?
We did (laughs) in the Kevin Smith movie. Didn't you see Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back? Fifteen years ago we shot the sequel to Good Will Hunting. It was called Good Will Hunting 2: Hunting Season.
You had a small cameo in Thor: Ragnarok. Did that give you an inkling to join the Marvel Cinematic Universe full time?
No, it didn't give me a taste for the Marvel Universe. It was a Taika Waititi set, which means it was highly unprofessional and everyone was laughing a lot.
You've been in this business for over two decades. You've had hits and misses. Is there a film that you wished people had loved a little more?
Not many people saw either Suburbicon or Downsizing, so after the year I just had… I might just put the year 2017 up there. I was proud of both of those movies. Look, I had this conversation with Clint Eastwood once. I was asking him about different movies that he'd done and he said, ‘I love them all equally. They're like my children. Some people said, one was a masterpiece and another was a failure. But I know why I made each one.' That's exactly how I feel and it was nice to get permission to feel that way from one of the greats of all time. We choose movies and they are highly personal choices. Some of them have success at the box office, some are loved by critics and some really don't find success with either. But you don't love them any less.
I looked at your IMDB page and saw that you have nothing in the works. What's next?
It's a blank IMDB page, which I don't see changing in the near term (laughs). I had a really rough December and I lost my dad after a long protracted struggle, so I haven't worked in over a year now and I don't see myself working for the foreseeable future. I'm just going to take some time to hang with my family and regroup.
Twitter: @markhdaniell
Mdaniell@postmedia.com
: Hollywood star Tom Cruise was injured during a building-jumping stunt on the set of his upcoming film Mission Impossible 6The 55-year-old actor was here on Sunday when he attempted to leap from a rigging onto a building but he fell short of the mark and hit the building, reports tmz.com.In a video, one can see Cruise limp away and then collapse. He then limps back to the edge of the building and is pulled away by crew members on the safety team.
SHERIDAN — Times have changed since Peggy Sorvik graduated from Sheridan High School. Sorvik (née Baertsch) received her diploma in 1957, 28 years after her mother Mildred Peril graduated from SHS.
Sorvik remembered hanging out at A&W and going to a drive-in theater on the southeastern edge of Sheridan, both of which no longer exists. She attended high school at the current location for Sheridan Junior High School and graduated with about 180 students. She was part of the yearbook team, which heavy utilized typewriters.
The town of Sheridan has doubled in size since then and seen myriad other changes, but this year one thing was the same: a member of Sorvik's family received a Sheridan High School diploma.
Mallarie Apodaca graduated from Sunday afternoon along with 229 classmates in a packed gymnasium. She is a fifth-generation Bronc graduate.
Her mother, Stephanie Tellez (née Feaster), graduated in 1999, and Tellez's mother Meg Montgomery, — a learning specialist at SHS — is a 1980 graduate.
Sorvik has four children, three of whom graduated from SHS. All three of Montgomery's children graduated as Broncs, and Apodaca is the oldest of Tellez's five daughters, thus the first to walk across the SHS stage with a diploma in hand.
Apodaca, the oldest of five girls, will start the next phase of her life in the fall and attend Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona, to study political science. She wants to attend law school eventually as well.
“Vote for Mallarie,” Tellez said, because her daughter has aspirations of running for president one day.
At the ceremony Sunday, four salutatorians — Aerianna Roth, Emmalee Hoopes, Samara Ordahl and Olivia Thoney — gave speeches on the four years of high school.
Roth talked about being a timid freshman; Hoopes spoke of reaching some goals as a sophomore; Ordahl said junior year was her toughest year of high school but also helped her realize she was capable of more than she initially thought. She encouraged classmates to occasionally take a step back and enjoy good moments.
Thoney talked about senior year and looked ahead for the next four years, wherever each student ends up.
“Starting today, you are all in control of your own life,” Thoney said. “Live it to its full potential.”
Valedictorian Pippin Robison followed with a speech of her own. It focused on time, one of the only commonalities between the class's 230 students. Robison said she began paying more attention to time as a senior, noting how it seemed to both fly by and stand still. Students have spent about one-third of their lives in school so far, a significant number that Robison said was worth it. She said the class became sociable, punctual and effective, and developed a drive for excellence along the route from freshman to senior year.
SHS math teacher Nancy Crowe gave the keynote speech, as chosen by the senior class.
She admitted that public speaking was her biggest fear, but she at least partially conquered it Sunday afternoon.
“This is the most terrifying thing I've ever done,” she said, adding that students can face down their most difficult obstacles as well.
Crowe focused on persistence throughout her speech.
“Fail and try again; fail and try again; fail and try again,” Crowe said. “Be fearless and optimistic.”
Crowe encouraged students to look around at the people who care about them and focus on them, and to not take themselves too seriously.
“Just keep trying,” Crowe said. “It doesn't matter where you start. It's your own life. You can't be behind in your own life.”
Apodaca plans to incorporate that lesson going forward, just like her mother, grandmother, great-grandmother and great-great grandmother, SHS graduates before her. The only constant is change.
She entered as Canada's brightest hope for a medal at the gymnastics world championships in Montreal. Now, Ellie Black looks to confirm her status as one of the world's best.
Following a dominant qualifying round, Black will compete Friday night in the women's individual all-around final.
“My goal in any competition is to be strong and confident and attack my routines the best I possibly can. I was very pleased with my performances [on Tuesday],” Black said after the first day of qualifying.
You can watch the Road To The Olympic Games broadcast on CBC-TV at 7 p.m. ET, or watch CBCSports.ca's live stream at 7 p.m. ET.
Black, a Halifax, N.S. native, qualified for the all-around final in third place with a total score of 55.766. Japan's Murakami Mai qualified first with a total score of 55.933, while American Ragan Smith was second with a total score of 55.932.
Beyond the all-around event, Black also qualified for the vault final in seventh, and the beam final in fourth. She is also the first reserve on floor.
Ellie Black: Defying the odds as Canada's top gymnast2:25
Following a fifth-place finish in the all-around competition at the Rio Olympics, Black determined that she needed to take some time off to rest her body.
Still, it was impossible for her to stop thinking about those Olympics, which were especially disappointing on the heels of her five-medal outburst at the Pan-Am Games in Toronto the year prior.
“It's been such a big part of my life for so long and so it's kind of hard to take breaks sometimes but I was ready to come back and start competing and training again,” Black told CBC Sports.
The worlds are the first major competition Black has faced since taking her break.
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | Sports News
Washington — U.S. officials are blaming the North Korean government for a series of cyberattacks dating to 2009 against media, aerospace, financial sectors and infrastructure in the United States and around the world.
The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security issued a warning this week, saying the cyberattacks were carried out by actors within the North Korean government who are known as “Hidden Cobra.”
“DHS and FBI assess that Hidden Cobra actors will continue to use cyber operations to advance their government's military and strategic objectives,” the alert said.
U.S. officials are distributing internet addresses to help networks defend against any attacks. The FBI said it has high confidence that the internet addresses are linked to systems infected with Hidden Cobra malware to further exploit networks. The cyberattacks targeted weaknesses in Microsoft Corp. operating systems and Adobe Systems Inc.'s Flash software, which were patched in January and June, respectively.
The joint alert was issued Tuesday, the same day that American student Otto Warmbier, who was released from serving a 15-year sentence in a North Korean prison for participating in alleged acts against the government, arrived in Cincinnati, Ohio.
The U.S. remains in a standoff with North Korea over its nuclear program. The U.S. has issued sanctions, but Pyongyang has not made any move to give up weapons that it says are a deterrent to any invasion. Thousands of U.S. troops are based in neighboring South Korea, and the Demilitarized Zone between the North and South is one of the most heavily fortified borders in the world.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2tnjZvE
© 2001–2018 SBC. All rights reserved unless stated otherwise.
SBC is a registered trademark for Somali Broadcasting Corporation, Ltd.
Communist party of India-Maxist candidate Saji Cherian won the Chengannur Assembly bypoll in Kerala with a record margin of over 18,000 votes, a poll official said.
The bypolls necessitated by the death of sitting CPI-M MLA K.K. Ramachandran Nair, was held on May 28.
In the 2016 assembly polls the Communist Party of India-Marxist candidate, K.K. Ramachandran Nair, had an overall lead of 7,893 votes.
He had defeated sitting two-time Congress legislator P.C. Vishnunath, while BJP candidate P.S.Sreedharan Pillai, had come a close third with 2,305 votes.
Celebrations have already begun at the CPI-M candidate's residence with sweets being distributed. His wife came out and thanked the electorate.
Cherian said that it's a reward for his four-decade of active public life. “My party has been the source of my strength and this is a really good victory. It is a stamp of approval for the ruling Pinarayi Vijayan government,” said Cherian.
Cherian was able to get a firm hold in more than 95 per cent of the booths where vote counting was underway.
Cherian is leading with 77 votes from the booth from where former Congress Chief Minister Oommen Chandy's father hails. The Congress said it had not expected this outcome.
Congress candidate D. Vijayakumar is in the second position followed by the Bharatiya Janata Party's Pillai, who has been fielded again.
“I had told soon after the elections that the Left has purchased votes, and all that can be seen now,” said Pillai.
Voting for the seat took place on Monday.
Lawyers for U.S. pop star Taylor Swift and the Colorado DJ she accuses of groping her were due to deliver closing arguments on Monday before the federal court jury weighing her sexual assault claims against his assertion that he was wrongfully fired.
DENVER: Lawyers for U.S. pop star Taylor Swift and the Colorado DJ she accuses of groping her were due to deliver closing arguments on Monday before the federal court jury weighing her sexual assault claims against his assertion that he was wrongfully fired.
The trial stemming from Swift's allegations against radio personality David Mueller headed into its final phase after the 27-year-old singer-songwriter won an important ruling on Friday, which dismissed the DJ's accusation that she wrongfully got him to lose his job.
The ruling by U.S. District Judge William Martinez left standing Swift's assault and battery countersuit against Mueller, who insisted during the trial that he was falsely accused.
The judge also left intact a single claim by Mueller accusing Swift's mother and another member of her management circle of interfering with his contract, bringing about his ouster from his US$150,000-a-year job at radio station KYGO-FM.
The judge previously tossed out Mueller's defamation-of-character claim against Swift, ruling before the trial that the DJ had waiting too long to file a lawsuit on those grounds.
The weeklong trial stems from allegations by the Grammy-winning artist known for such hits as "Fearless" and "I Knew You Were Trouble," that Mueller clutched her bare buttocks during a pre-concert fan reception while they posed together for pictures.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mueller, 55, initiated the litigation, suing Swift, her mother and her radio station liaison Frank Bell for his termination.
The elder Swift said she wanted Mueller fired, and Bell reported the allegation to KYGO management, who sacked Mueller two days after the incident.
Swift then countersued, saying in her lawsuit that raising the issue of sexual assault “will serve as an example to other women who may resist publicly reliving similar outrageous and humiliating acts.”
During his trial testimony, Mueller denied having touched Swift inappropriately and said the false allegation cost him his career.
“It's a humiliating experience to be accused of something that despicable,” he said.
When Swift took the stand, she testified that Mueller put his hand under her skirt and “latched onto my bare ass cheek,” causing her to lurch away from him.
A photograph of the incident, shown repeatedly during the trial, depicts Swift flanked by Mueller and his then-girlfriend Shannon Melcher. Mueller's right hand is concealed behind Swift's backside, and she appears to be leaning away.
Melcher testified that she did not see anything untoward during the encounter, but added, “I don't have eyes in the back of my head.”
Swift is asking for a symbolic US$1 in damages, but that does not limit what the eight-member jury could award her should she prevail.
“For this reason, any recovery obtained by Ms. Swift will be donated to charitable organizations dedicated to protecting women from similar acts of sexual assault and personal disregard,” the countersuit said.
If Mueller prevails on his claim against Andrea Swift and Bell, any damages would be limited to his two-year contract with the radio station, the judge has ruled.
(Reporting by Keith Coffman in Denver; Editing by Nick Macfie)
The 2018 Disaster Preparedness Sales Tax Holiday, passed by the Florida Legislature and signed into law by Governor Rick Scott, begins Friday, June 1, and extends through Thursday, June 7, 2018.
During this sales tax holiday period, qualifying items related to disaster preparedness are exempt from sales tax. However, the sales tax holiday does not apply to the rental or repair of any of the qualifying items. Additionally, the sales tax holiday does not apply to sales in a theme park, entertainment complex, public lodging establishment or airport.
Governor Rick Scott said, “Hurricane season begins June 1 and Florida families need to get a plan. While we always hope for the best, Florida families need to be prepared for anything. Everyone should have a family disaster kit with supplies and medications, be prepared to evacuate if advised to do so by emergency management officials, know your evacuation route and where you can take your pets if you have to shelter, and have all of your important documents and cash together to take with you.”
“The hurricane tax supply holiday will serve as an annual reminder for all Floridians to get a plan and be prepared for the hurricane season,” said Florida Division of Emergency Management Director Bryan W. Koon.
Qualifying items selling for $10 or less include:
• Reusable ice packs;
Qualifying items selling for $20 or less include:
• Flashlights;
• Candles;
• Lanterns.
Qualifying items selling for $25 or less include:
• Gas or diesel fuel containers;
• LP gas containers;
• Kerosene containers.
Qualifying items selling for $30 or less include:
• Batteries (excluding automobile and boat batteries);
• Coolers and ice chests).
Qualifying items selling for $50 or less include:
• Bungee cords;
• Ground anchor systems;
• Radios (powered by battery, solar or hand-crank) including two way and weather bands;
• Ratchet straps;
• Tarpaulins;
• Visqueen, plastic sheeting, drop cloths and other flexible waterproof sheeting.
Qualifying items selling for $750 or less include:
• Portable generators.
Items always exempt from sales tax include bottled water, canned food, first aid kits, prescription medication, baby food and formula.
The United States is deeply concerned that the new European Union privacy guidelines will change how companies do business, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said, adding that the regulation should be implemented in a way to minimize barriers to trade.
LONDON: The United States is deeply concerned that the new European Union privacy guidelines will change how companies do business, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said, adding that the regulation should be implemented in a way to minimize barriers to trade.
New European privacy regulations went into effect last Friday that will force companies to be more attentive to how they handle customer data.
Advertisement
"We in the US are deeply concerned about the way the EU's new privacy guidelines, which came into effect last week, will force big changes in the way US and European companies do business," Ross wrote in the Financial Times.
"We must find a way to implement GDPR without creating undue barriers... EU authorities must provide clearer rules and a more predictable regulatory environment to support investment and innovation."
(Reporting by Alistair Smout; editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
It looked too good to be true. That was the word on social media from glass-half-full Australian boxing fans who doubted that a global superstar like Manny Pacquiao would ever fight on antipodean shores.
When the Filipino's adviser Michael Koncz announced from Abu Dhabi on Saturday that the fight against Jeff Horn would take place in the United Arab Emirates it wasn't just the boxing world that was taken by surprise, but Horn's promoter Duco Events who thought they had a deal in place for the fight to take place in the Australian's hometown of Brisbane.
“As far as I'm concerned this has totally come out of the blue,” Dean Lonergan, head of Duco Events, told BoxingScene.com. “We're just going to have to wait and see if there's any substance to the story. I'm talking today to Brad Jacobs, the COO of Top Rank, and the other people from the Top Rank team and we continue to organise the fight and until I'm told otherwise by Bob Arum, as far as I'm concerned, we'll just keep moving forward with Brisbane and trying to get the deal done here.”
Duco Events thought they had scored a coup when they secured the backing of the Queensland State Government and the Brisbane City Council to bring the bout to Brisbane's Suncorp Stadium on April 23rd. The fight was slated to be the biggest boxing bout, if not the most lucrative, ever held on Australian shores.
But if Koncz is to be believed, the fight was always going to happen in the Middle East.
“It took us a while to get this deal together,” Koncz said. “There was a lot of confusion whether this was going to happen here in the UAE. I'm here with full authority and power.”
Slavishly mimicking good examples may lead leaders and workers to the cliff edge, says the Financial Times' Andrew Hill.
NEW YORK: If I have learnt one thing in business journalism, it is that flops and failures are rarely available for interview, while successes flock to the limelight.
By the same token, business leaders love biographies, where in the lives of great figures they can trace the similarities to their own careers. Consultants and academics research leading companies while corporate laggards shrink from study.
So the curse of “best practice” spreads.
Chief executives seek simple, repeatable patterns in success stories. Here is the problem, though: Often those patterns are neither simple nor repeatable.
Worse still, they may propagate bad behaviour and unproductive methods.
FOLLOWING PROVEN WAYS CAN BACKFIRE
Advertisement
Advertisement
It would be senseless for every generation of leaders to have to start from scratch, ignoring proven ways to be more productive and profitable. But the follow-the-leader approach can backfire.
Freek Vermeulen of London Business School points out that perception bias, imperfect copying of methods, herd-like benchmarking against top-ranked rivals and an obsession with short-term results can sucker companies into bad habits.
Like a virus, rather than killing their host quickly, bad practices linger long enough to be transmitted to others.
A bias towards perceived success is inevitable, Prof Vermeulen says. He and Xu Li, now at ESMT in Berlin, showed people a decade's worth of performance data for 1,000 companies, each of which followed one of three strategies.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
After a while they noticed that people stopped poring over complex information on each company and fell back on the performance ranking.
Using the rank of a few successful companies as a rule of thumb, most wrongly decided that their strategy was best, when most companies following that path underperformed.
“It's human (nature), when people have information overload and there are a lot of companies to look at,” Prof Vermeulen told me. “(But) I don't think it's necessarily inevitable that we can't do something about those biases.”
NEVER QUESTIONING IF METHODS STILL APPLY
Managers sometimes stick with what was once deemed best practice simply because they never question why such methods still apply.
In his book, Breaking Bad Habits, Prof Vermeulen cites Britain's broadsheet newspapers, whose format is a relic of a long-repealed tax on the number of pages printed.
One way to lift the curse of best practice is to be aware of how - and where - a method is being used and whether its success is specific to one sector, company or country.
Prof Vermeulen points out, for example, that US companies stuttered when they tried to introduce Total Quality Management (TQM), the meticulous Japanese method for process and product improvement, in the 1980s and 1990s.
US imitators applied it in idiosyncratic ways. They simplified the system, took shortcuts and added features such as performance measurement, although W Edwards Deming, one of TQM's architects, believed this “builds fear, demolishes teamwork, (and) nourishes rivalry and politics”.
Similarly, when Michelin, the tyremaker, tried to introduce lean production methods — as pioneered by Toyota — in the 1990s, it succeeded in improving productivity at the expense of agility and at a cost to its carefully nurtured humane corporate culture.
HOW TO AVOID BAD HABITS
Eric Ries, author of The Lean Startup and The Startup Way, has laid out broad principles for “lean” methods to be used by companies launching products, but he agrees that “there's always going to be a tension between wanting to seek out universal laws (and) recognising that context matters a great deal.”
Another way to avoid bad habits is to put working methods to the test. Start small and revisit practices regularly to assess consequences. In other words, apply a version of the “build-measure-learn” method taught by Ries.
Michelin, seeking a way to make itself more agile and responsive to customers five years ago, tried a new management approach first with selected teams, giving more responsibility to frontline workers.
It extended the successful experiment to production lines, then pilot factories, before this year rolling it out to the group.
Of course, the good practices of today, such as Michelin's initiative or Ries' lean start-up methods, adopted by companies such as General Electric, may become the bad habits of tomorrow.
The key is not to be lulled by short-term success into pursuing practices that jeopardise long-term survival.
Consider the lemming. Bounding cliffwards in the slipstream of its furry comrades, it must feel as though running with the pack is best practice.
It is only just before impact that the hapless creature realises it should have veered away from the dangerously popular path that leads to the precipice.
© 2017 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Not to be redistributed, copied or modified in any way.
Fashion
The denim trucker jacket is arguably one of the most iconic pieces of American fashion, ever since that Summer of Love in San Francisco, when George Harrison famously sported Levi's 70505 Type III topper and introduced an era of rock ‘n' roll where fashion was synonymous with rebellion. That seminal silhouette was first introduced in 1967—which means that, this year, it celebrates its big 5-0 . To mark the milestone anniversary, Levi's invited 50 creative influencers from around the world and a variety of fields, from music to art to fashion, to customize their very own trucker jackets, which were then showcased in a star-studded celebration in L.A.
“I just love the trucker jean jacket—well, I love all jean jackets,” actress Busy Phillips told Glamour at the event, fresh off her flight from Paris Fashion Week (and pink-hair-dyeing shenanigans ). “Currently I have, like, at least 12. Is that crazy?!” We get it, Busy: Even five decades later, the Levi's trucker still proves to be a timeless American wardrobe staple—and a pretty spectacular canvas for a group of very cool people to pour their creative energies onto.
Solange created a long white lab-coat-inspired version, while Karlie Kloss opted for cheeky über-crop; Snoop Dogg used his to pay homage to the West Coast, while Miroslava Duma combined hers with a trusty old hoodie. The one-of-a-kind designs are as diverse and fabulous as the talent themselves. For a peek at all these jackets, as well as styles remade by Karla Welch, Diplo, Justin Timberlake, and more, click through the gallery below to see how the world's top fashionistas made a classic Americana look all their own.
Two hundred and thirty-one (231) years to the day after the Cherokee Nation entered into the Treaty of Hopewell with the United States government, the Tribe filed suit against the federal governmen…
TOKYO: The route for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics marathon was announced on Thursday (May 31) with the main feature being a steep incline to finish the race at the newly built Olympic stadium.
The route will pass through many of the city's historic and popular areas including Tokyo Tower and Thunder Gate in Asakusa as well as the Imperial Palace, the primary residence of the Japanese Emperor.
Advertisement
The final stretch promises to be gruelling, with the athletes finishing on an incline averaging over 10 per cent over 3km leading back to where they started at the Olympic stadium in the city's west.
Naoko Takahashi, marathon gold medallist at the Sydney 2000 Olympics, said she hoped the course would prove memorable in marathon-mad Japan.
“It is really exciting to imagine just two years from now the side streets along the Tokyo 2020 marathon and race walk route filled with countless fans,” said Takahashi, whose gold-medal winning feat was matched by compatriot Mizuki Noguchi four years later in Athens.
“I look forward to seeing some great performances from the runners, who will be encouraged by those fans lining the route. They will be memorable races.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
The route for the race walk events was also announced and will take place in the Imperial Palace's Outer Gardens.
Marathon running is one of the most popular sports in Japan, with over one million people cheering on the athletes at the annual Tokyo Marathon.
The Olympic course largely resembles that of the Tokyo Marathon, one of the world's most iconic running events which is held in winter to avoid the city's punishing summer heat and humidity.
Organisers for the Jul 24 to Aug 9 Games said a start time for the marathon had yet to be decided but it is expected to be held early in the morning to avoid the worst of the high temperatures.
The last time the Olympics were held in Asia, at Beijing in 2008, the marathon started at 7.30am local time.
“As far as planning the course, we did not think especially about counter-measures against the heat. However, we are currently discussing how to cope with the high temperatures in general with Olympic management,” Tokyo 2020 spokesman Masa Takaya said.
The men's marathon is traditionally held on the last day of the Games to close out the athletics calendar.
Cebu City suffered floods and massive traffic gridlock due to the heavy rains on Friday afternoon.
According to Cebu City Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Office (CCDRRMO) head Nagiel Bañacia, flash floods were experienced mostly in the North Reclamation Area (NRA) and areas near the sea.
“It's because it was also high tide when it rained that's why there were floods in certain areas,” he said in an interview.
ADVERTISEMENT
The rains only lasted for around 30 minutes, though, he added.
The floods also caused traffic gridlock past 2 p.m. in the NRA.
Traffic is usually heavy during Fridays and was worsened by yesterday's rains which also inundated the downtown areas.
With a forecast of a rainy weekend, Bañacia advised residents, especially those near hazard and danger zones, to start applying precautionary measures.
“While we still have good weather, take the time to already make precautionary measures like conducting repairs and other mitigating measures,” he said.
Busay road cleared
Meanwhile, barangay officials and owners of establishments in Sitio Graje, Barangay Busay, have continued constructing a riprap to prevent more landslides in the area.
According to Busay Barangay Councilman Kevin Sanchez, the road leading to popular tourist sites like Temple of Leah, Mountain View Nature's Park and Lantaw Restaurant has been cleared and is already passable as of Thursday evening.
Despite yesterday's rains, no incidents of landslides were reported in the barangay.
However, during the work on the riprap for the road leading to the establishments, Sanchez said portion of the soil would still erode when heavy equipment like a backhoe is used in taking out debris.
Sanchez said this is because the soil is still soft from the rains.
“So we will probably advise the owners of the establishments, who are doing the riprap, to temporarily suspend the construction. We are concerned that rocks and more debris will fall,” he said.
He added that personnel from the Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH) provided support on Thursday and yesterday during the clearing operations in the area.
The contractor who shut down Donald Trump's Twitter account has told Reuters he did so by mistake, but says he believes some of the U.S. president's recent tweets breach the social network's ban on hate speech.
FRANKFURT: The contractor who shut down Donald Trump's Twitter account has told Reuters he did so by mistake, but says he believes some of the U.S. president's recent tweets breach the social network's ban on hate speech.
Bahtiyar Duysak, 28, said he clicked "a few wrong things which I shouldn't have done" on Nov. 2, his last day at Twitter, causing Trump's @realDonaldTrump account - which has 44 million followers - to be taken offline for 11 minutes.
At the time, Twitter blamed a customer support employee on their last day at work and has since said it has taken steps to prevent such an incident happening again. Trump blamed a "rogue employee" for the temporary loss of his account.
In an interview in Frankfurt, Duysak told Reuters he wasn't paying attention when a complaint came in an hour before he was to leave Twitter's San Francisco office for the last time, after cutting short a six-month assignment.
He thought he was dealing with one of many fake Trump accounts.
"You should always double-check things before taking an action," Duysak told Reuters Television.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Twitter has not confirmed whether Duysak was the ex-employee responsible. The company declined to comment on Duysak's actions or its investigation into the matter when contacted by Reuters.
Duysak said that some of Trump's posts since the incident - in particular his retweeting of anti-Islamic videos posted by a British far-right fringe group - were a breach of Twitter's rules banning hate speech.
"You don't need to be an expert to understand that a policy violation has happened, that the rules were broken and that this can lead to hatred being spread," he said.
Twitter said it had no comment, and the White House did not respond to a request for comment.
After stints at Youtube and Google, Duysak joined Twitter as a safety policy operations agent on July 24, according to correspondence seen by Reuters. The job involved checking violations of Twitter's rules that could not be dealt with by its automatic computer systems.
Duysak, born in Germany to a family of Turkish origin, left the United States a few days after the incident and returned to his home town of Paderborn. He said he had hired a lawyer who liaised with the Federal Bureau of Investigation and assured him he had no case to answer.
He said he had apologised to, and made peace with, Twitter.
(Additional reporting by David Ingram in San Francisco; Editing by Nick Tattersall and Kevin Liffey)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. refiner Phillips 66's profit surged more than 19 times in the fourth quarter, helped by a $2.74 billion tax benefit due to the recent changes to U.S. tax laws.
The company's consolidated earnings rose to $3.2 billion, or $6.25 per share, in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31 from $163 million, or 31 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding one-time items, Phillips 66 earned $1.07 per share. (Reporting by Taenaz Shakir in Bengaluru)
One fan was said by eyewitnesses to have been knifed outside The Albert Pub next to Anfield just before the 7.45pm kick off.
Merseyside Police confirmed they were investigating reports of a "serious assault".
Violence had erupted on the streets before the Champions League semi final first leg clash.
Shock footage emerged of a brawl outside an O'Neil's pub in Hanover Street which was quickly broken up by police.
Some on Twitter claimed that Roma thugs were the aggressors.
LAHORE - Begum Kalsoom Nawaz is fighting her maiden electoral battle on the National Assembly seat that fell vacant following the disqualification of her husband, ex-prime minister Nawaz Sharif. This is not the first incident of one entering politics are assuming the driving seat after one's spouse's leaving the political scene for one reason or the other.
Begum Ra'ana Liaqat Ali Khan was the first such incident in the history of Pakistan. She was a prominent activist of Pakistan Movement but she started her career as a stateswoman – spawning more than two decades – only after the assassination of her husband, late prime minister Liaqat Ali Khan.
She served as economic adviser to Jinnah's Pakistan Movement Committee and later became first lady when Liaqat Ali assumed office of prime minister.
As first lady, Ra'ana founded Pakistan Women National Guards (PWNG) and helped establish Pakistan Woman Naval Reserves, and was appointed as the Chief Controller. For her immense services to the military as a civilian, the Pakistan Army appointed her first woman Brigadier-General, and an honorary uniform was issued to her.
She arranged a conference of over 100 active women from all over Pakistan. The conference announced the formation of a voluntary and non-political organisation for the social, educational and cultural uplift of the women, named All Pakistan Women's Association (Apwa). She was nominated its first president and unlike Pakistan Women National Group, Apwa continued to grow as it continuously fought for women's rights in Pakistan. Apwa College Lahore is part of that struggle.
After assassination of her husband, Ra'ana joined active politics. In the 1970s, she joined hands with Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. She was an economic adviser to Bhutto and played a key role in many major decisions of Bhutto regime.
Begum Ra'ana Liaqat Ali Khan was the first woman governor of Sindh as well as first Chancellor of University of Sindh and Karachi. During Ziaul Haq regime, she dedicated her life for the social and economic uplift of women till her death in 1990.
Nusrat Bhutto served as Pakistan's first lady from 1971 until the 1977 coup, and as a senior member of the federal cabinet between 1988 and 1990.
Nusrat is remembered for her contribution to empowerment of women and as an advocate for democracy in Pakistan, and owing to it she is dubbed as “Madar-e-Jamhooriat” (Mother of Democracy), a title she was honoured with by the parliament following her death.
She became the first lady in 1971 and remained so until her husband's removal from the Prime Minister House in 1977. She immediately succeeded her husband as the leader of the Pakistan People's Party, and, while under house arrest, fought an unsuccessful legal battle to prevent Bhutto's execution.
After Bhutto's execution, she along with her children went into exile in London, from where in 1981 she co-founded the Movement for the Restoration of Democracy – a nonviolent opposition to Zia's regime. As party's central figure, she campaigned for her daughter Benazir's election to the premiership.
After PPP's victory in 1988 elections, she joined Benazir's cabinet as senior federal minister without portfolio. She remained in the cabinet till dismissal of Benazir's government in 1990.
Nusrat Bhutto favoured her son Murtaza in family feud against Benazir. She stopped talking to the media and refrained from political engagements after the assassination of Murtaza in 1996 in a police encounter, during Benazir's second government.
Asif Ali Zardari became the first gentleman after his wife Benazir Bhutto assumed office as first female prime minister in 1988.
When President Ghulam Ishaq Khan dismissed Benazir government in 1990, Zardari was accused of massive corruption.
During second tenure of Benazir, he served as federal minister for investment and chairperson of Pakistan Environmental Protection Council.
He was arrested and indicted for Murtaza's murder as well as corruption charges after President Farooq Leghari sent Benazir regime packing.
Zardari was elected senator in 1997. He was released from jail in 2004 and went into self-exile to Dubai. He returned home after assassination of Benazir Bhutto on December 27, 2007. As the new Co-Chairman of the PPP, he led his party to victory in the 2008 general elections. He spearheaded a coalition that forced Pervaiz Musharraf to resign. He was elected President of Pakistan on September 6, 2008. He was acquitted of various criminal charges the same year.
Kalsoom Nawaz Sharif, the latest addition to the elite club, is a granddaughter of famous wrestler Gama Pehelwan. She remained first lady for three non-consecutive terms – from 1990 to 1993, 1997 to 1999 and June 2013 to July 2017. As first lady and even when her husband led the opposition against the then arch-rival Benazir Bhutto, Kalsoom avoided getting involved in politics herself.
She gained prominence after ouster of her husband Mian Nawaz Sharif by Gen Pervaiz Musharraf on October 12, 1999. She was put under house arrest - unlike her husband who was taken to Adiala Jail. Kalsoom dauntlessly challenged the usurper when a lot of men backed out.
Sharif named Kalsoom as the president of Pakistan Muslim League in 1999, and she remained on that post till 2002. For months before the exile of Nawaz Sharif to Saudi Arabia, Kalsoom built a momentum, leading rallies against the military rule. It paid off in the form of putting to an end the agony of her husband behind the bars and moving of the family to Saudi Arabia.
Now the disqualification of Nawaz Sharif has forced a reluctant Kalsoon to enter political arena and contest elections for the first time in her life from NA-120 in Lahore.
In the world of volumizing hair products , the options are vast. But if it's that messy, beachy, bedhead look you're after, there's only one way to go—and that's dry texturizing spray. Think of it as a hybrid of hairspray and sea-salt spray. You get all the benefits of both (volume, hold, and piecey texture) without the annoying parts—no crunch, no weigh-down, no sticky residue.
Since throwing out my favorite hairspray years ago in favor of texture sprays, I've become somewhat of an evangelist for them. I've nagged friends who complain about humidity killing their volume to try it, and converted coworkers who were convinced "I woke up like this" hair was impossible. Once, for my friend's wedding, I introduced her hairstylist to Oribe's Dry Texturizer (long considered the gold standard), and she ended up using the rest of my can on the bridal party. I wasn't even mad about it, because the secret to great hair is meant to be shared. Get in on it with these Glamour -editor-approved recs.
Another local example has highlighted the complexities, and perhaps flaws in Canadian immigration policies. Elizabeth Adler is separated from her husband Kris Truswell, their daughter Izabella and the home they've shared for nearly a decade, due to an issue with Immigration she said she's done everything to avoid.
Adler moved to Kimberley in September, 2005 and first met Truswell in 2008. He proposed to her in the Spring of 2009, they were married on September 9, 2009 and closed the deal on the house they live in together on September 24, 2009. Isabella was born on November 29, 2009.
In May of 2016 Adler applied for Canadian Permanent Residency and submitted all required paperwork, medical exam, FBI background checks and renewed passport information to Immigration by December, 2016. The following month she received an email stating that she was required to provide further evidence that she had been living with her sponsor, her husband.
She then provided a lengthy letter, photos of every room in her house, photocopies of bills with both their names on them and a copy of their homeowner property tax bill from that year from the City of Kimberley. She said that at that time she was also making weekly phone calls to the border with her name, address and phone number as requested.
“I hadn't heard anything back from Immigration after that and wrote to them in both April and July of 2017, requesting that my work permit be processed ASAP as our family could use a secondary income,” she said in an email interview with the Townsman.
On Tuesday, November 7 2017 a border agent informed her over the phone that her application for residency had been denied in September, but she said she never received any communication to that nature whatsoever.
“Since my application had apparently been denied on September 11, 2017, the 30-day time limit for appeal had already passed and I had no recourse to appeal their decision.”
Additionally, she was told that she had been sent an email in May requesting further proof that she was residing with Truswell. She said that she received neither letter, but was told there was an immediate order for her removal from Canada.
She responded to the email asking if she could extend her stay in Canada until January 4, 2018 so that she could be home for their daughter's eighth birthday, Christmas, New Years and her husband's forty-third birthday, and she was granted the extension.
She then left Canada through the Kingsgate border crossing on January 4 and made a four day trip to her parents' home in Santa Barbara, CA. She is staying with them while she reapplies for Canadian Permanent Residency under the Family Sponsorship category and also appealing her case through the Humanitarian and Compassionate Act.
She said that these events have had a devastating impact on her, her husband and their eight-year-old daughter.
“Myself and my husband have been suffering not only an immense amount of grief over being separated for such a ridiculous reason, but it has caused us enormous stress and anxiety,” she said.
She added that has become impossible for them to have any joy in their conversations because they now solely revolve around organizing the logistics of keeping their daughter's life as normal as possible.
“We both cry alone and take turns doing our best to boost each others spirits in an attempt to stay positive that everything will work out for us and we will be together again soon. But it is hard to push through every day feeling numb and empty, sad and hurt, scared and anxious – wondering if there is any hope for my return sooner than my 12 month removal order.”
They have had to ask for assistance from both of their parents in order to help cover the costs of paying for the new application, medical exam, passport photo, FBI background check, and the financial stress of Truswell having to be a single parent for the time being.
“My eight-year-old daughter shouldn't be crying every night because her Mama can't be there for her. My husband shouldn't be under the extreme stress that he is because I'm not there to help be a part of our household and family. My friends shouldn't be having to help fill the gap that I have left in my daughter and husbands lives.”
Adler just wants to come home and believes she does not deserve to lose the privilege of living here.
“If I had actually received the letter they claim to have sent me on May 2, 2017, I would have responded immediately to fight my case and make sure that none of this happened. Because they have zero checks and balances to insure that the letter is received, and I had zero idea that they were trying to contact me, and my communications to them went unanswered, they chose to deny my application and have me removed.”
paul.rodgers@cranbrooktownsman.com
The Stratford High School Class of 2017 had itself a day.
The newest alumni of Stratford High received their diplomas on a warm Wednesday evening at Penders Field. The senior class revelled at the conclusion of their high school careers while also being encouraged to say hello to new opportunities, new people and to challenge themselves rather than taking the easiest way.
Salutatorian Ndidi Anekwe told her classmates that they have the power to decide where they want to go. Acting on the word “salutatorian,” Anekwe also urged her fellow seniors to “say hello” every day to new places and new people.
“Each time a person passes by you and you say hello, imagine that person straining to look in. The more positivity, love and light you reflect, the more light will lead your way,” she said. “Every time you say hello to a stranger, your heart acknowledges over and over again that we are all family.”
Senior Class President Leanne Lubas said it was time for her fellow seniors to make their marks on the world, whether they become international travelers or stay close to home.
“We can all change the world one piece at a time. Something as simple as helping someone in need is changing the world. You are changing it for them.,” said Lubas.
Lubas added that the seniors should find happiness in all they do.
“Everyone will have a setback in life, but from what I've learned, perseverance will get you to your goal no matter what it may be,” Lubas said.
Stratford Schools Superintendent Janet Robinson asked the graduates to have a “growth mindset” and to not take the easy way out.
“It's not just ability. It is the hard work and the thrill of stretching yourself that make the achievement feel so worthwhile,” Robinson said.
But as they looked ahead, Valedictorian Roula Kouvatas asked her classmates to soak in today and remember the fun times as students, athletes and performers. The experience of being a Stratford High student will serve the class of 2017 for years to come, she said.
“I'm not sure what awaits us in the years to come. I assume you will all face certain challenges, followed by even greater accomplishments. But for now, I urge you to focus on the present. Focus on the time you have left with your friends, family and fellow graduates,” said Kouvatas. “Take a moment to thank them for the continued love and support they have demonstrated over the years.”
The love was plentiful as were the smiles on the faces of the graduates at they collected their long-sought diplomas. Now they head off into the summer before heading to college, the military or the workforce.
See next week's Stratford Star for more coverage of the Stratford High School graduation ceremony.
NEW DELHI: India's health ministry has trimmed its cost estimates for extending its main public health program by 25 percent after criticism from a federal think-tank over inefficiency and slow progress, according to government documents seen by Reuters.
The new estimate of US$25 billion for a three-year extension of the flagship health program, down from an initial figure of about US$33 billion, comes as Prime Minister Narendra Modi pushes a multi-pronged agenda to revamp health services.
Planned reforms include streamlining spending and bureaucracy, slashing prices of life-saving drugs and medical devices, and nudging companies such as PepsiCo to make more healthy products.
To extend the National Health Mission to 2020, a think-tank led by Modi and the finance ministry in March told health officials to rework the original proposal with "realistic" budget expectations and to incorporate lessons from neighbors such as Nepal and Bangladesh, the documents show.
In response, the health ministry has resubmitted a plan with lower cost estimates and a list of targets to be achieved by 2020, including strengthening health infrastructure and reducing tobacco use.
The finance ministry, which will review the plan for approval this month, did not respond to a request for comment. The federal think-tank, NITI Aayog, declined to comment.
Advertisement
Advertisement
India's National Health Mission is one of the world's largest public health programs. It provides free drugs and treatment to millions of rural poor and helped to eradicate polio.
But the public health system is in a shambles and India ranks poorly on key indicators - more than a million children die every year before reaching the age of five.
After focusing on maternal and child health for years, the program will broaden priorities to tackle a growing burden of non-communicable diseases such as cancer, heart disease and diabetes, according to the documents.
The ministry has proposed increasing spending to treat such ailments from about US$150 million this year to US$1.5 billion in 2019-20, according to the new proposal which includes spending contributions from states.
The annual funding for strengthening the health system, including ramping up infrastructure and the work force, will more than double to about US$3 billion in 2019-20, the documents show.
The new funding estimates are in line with a goal of raising health spending to 2.5 percent of gross domestic product by 2025, from 1.15 percent, a health ministry official said.
CRITICISM, REVAMP
The NITI Aayog was at first against the continuation of the National Health Mission, according to a record of government meetings reviewed by Reuters.
During a March meeting to discuss the proposal, the NITI Aayog's health adviser said the program needed a "course correction" and needed to improve standards.
The adviser, Alok Kumar, also pointed out that despite investment in the program, public facilities were not attracting enough patients, documents showed.
Because rural hospitals in India are often dilapidated and suffer from a shortage of doctors, it is not uncommon for people to shun them and travel long distances in search of quality healthcare.
In the reworked plan, the ministry has prioritized out-patient departments, and aims to reduce premature mortality from cancer or heart ailments by a tenth and cut tobacco use by 7 percent by 2020, the documents showed.
Kumar pointed out in the March meeting that Bangladesh and Nepal had performed "better with even lower resources". Kumar declined to comment.
Data from World Health Organization shows that Nepal, for example, had an under-five mortality ratio of 35.8 per 1,000 births, compared with India's ratio of 47.7.
Health officials acknowledged in the meeting that results had yet to achieve levels of neighboring countries.
(Editing by Tom Lasseter and Robert Birsel)
ORLANDO, FL (LIVE 105) – During a question and answer segment at Mark Hamill's one-man panel at ‘Star Wars Celebration,' the actor was asked if there was one role he would love to take on. After having to constantly speak over the weekend, Hamill's hoarse response on Sunday was to portray…George Lucas.
“I'd like to play George in the George Lucas story.” the Oakland-native said. “I've certainly observed him enough over the years.”
Hamill had appeared at several panels over the weekend. During one panel, he recalled his times working and spending time with his good friend, the late Carrie Fisher. On Sunday's panel, he discussed his roles as “The Trickster” on ‘The Flash' series, a little bite on ‘The Joker' on various DC animated series and his iconic role as ‘Luke Skywalker'.
Watch Mark Hamill's panel from ‘Star Wars Celebration' here:
He also talked about a time in the 70's when he and Fisher discreetly entered a movie theater to see the Star Wars trailer and sheepishly laughed when someone heckled the movie.
Hamill is set to appear on the eight-Star Wars movie ‘The Last Jedi‘ opening in theaters on December 15th.
©2017 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All rights reserved.
New Delhi: Days after Chief Justice of India (CJI) Dipak Misra lashed out at senior lawyers for attempting to browbeat judges during high-profile hearings, senior advocate Rajeev Dhavan on Monday decided to quit court practice citing ”humiliating end to Delhi case”.
Dhavan, in a letter to the CJI, wrote: “After the humiliating end to the Delhi case, I have decided to give up court practice. You are entitled to take back the Senior gown conferred on me, though I would like to keep it for memory and services rendered.”
On Thursday, some recent incidents of senior lawyers trying to outshout each other during high-profile hearings had irked the Supreme Court, which had said shouting will “not be tolerated at any cost”.
On Tuesday, several senior lawyers including Kapil Sibal, Rajeev Dhavan and Dushyant Dave had made high-pitched arguments in the Ayodhya case seeking an adjournment of the hearing till July 2019 and some of them had even threatened to walk out.
A five-judge Constitution Bench headed by Misra, which was hearing a legal question on Thursday whether a Parsi woman loses her religious identity after marrying a man of different religion, was upset over the growing incidents of senior lawyers arguing on a high pitch in cases like the Babri Masjid title suit and the Delhi-Centre disputes.
In the Delhi-Centre dispute hearing, Dhavan had on Wednesday made some submissions which were not appreciated by the bench.
“Come what may, shouting in the courtroom will not be tolerated at any cost,” the CJI observed on Thursday.
“Lawyers are traditionally called ministers of justice. Unfortunately, a small group of lawyers thinks they can raise their voice… argue with authority and conviction. Raising your voice just shows inadequacy and incompetence,” the CJI had said, adding that some senior members of the Bar had been indulging in high pitch arguments.
The court said, “When lawyers argue in a manner not in tune with the constitutional language, we will tolerate it but for how long? If the Bar does not regulate itself, we will be compelled to regulate”.
Shoe cobbler Sunny Yoo, of Ellicott City, is asking for the public's help to find his prize-winning shoes that earned him a silver medal in an international shoe repair contest after they were stolen from his family's business over the weekend.
In December 2016, Yoo submitted the pair of Allen Edmonds dress shoes to the 2016 German Shoe Repair contest, repairing the right shoe and leaving the tattered left shoe untouched. He was among more than 40 cobblers to compete throughout the U.S. and Europe.
Yoo said Monday that he was “very disappointed” to find out that his first medal-winning shoes were stolen from the family-owned business, Cobbler & Co. shoe repair, at the Arundel Mills mall either Dec. 7 or 8.
“The shoes were displayed in the front of the store so customers could see,” Yoo said. “We had a ‘do not touch' sign on the display. I believe they were stolen when we were working and had our backs toward the machine.”
Yoo is offering a free shoe repair to anyone with information about the theft.
CAIRO: A senior Egyptian judge arrested on corruption charges was found dead in his cell on Monday having hanged himself, his lawyer said.
Wael Shalaby, a deputy chief justice in the country's administrative courts system, resigned on Saturday shortly before he was arrested and was charged the following day with taking a bribe.
"My client hanged himself using a scarf he was wearing. He was going through a terrible psychological state during his questioning," his lawyer Sayed Beheiry told Reuters.
"It is very hard to be a big important judge and suddenly you lose everything and sit in front of an investigator being accused of taking a bribe."
State news agency MENA also said Shalaby had killed himself, and that the public prosecutor had ordered an autopsy. The interior ministry, which oversees prisons, could not be reached for comment.
Shalaby was also secretary general of the Council of State, the umbrella organisation for Egypt's administrative courts. He was held days after the council's purchasing manager, Gamal al-Din al-Labban, was also arrested on corruption charges.
The public prosecutor has referred to the two arrests as part of the same case.
The Council of State said in a statement on Saturday that it accepted Shalaby's resignation, without clarify his link to the Labban case. On Wednesday it had said Labban worked at the council but was not a judge.
Local and foreign non-governmental organisations say corruption is rife in Egypt while the government says it investigates all incidents. Corruption investigations into judicial bodies are rare.
The prosecutor issued an order banning media reporting of the legal details of the Council of State corruption case.
(Reporting by Ahmed Mohamed Hassan and Haitham Ahmed; Writing by Ahmed Aboulenein; editing by John Stonestreet)
HANOI: Vietnam's crackdown on high level corruption has led to the arrest of dozens of officials from state oil firm PetroVietnam and the banking sector.
As well as shedding light on graft, mismanagement and nepotism within state firms at a time privatisation is accelerating, the arrests show the ascendancy of a more conservative faction within the ruling Communist Party.
(Graphic - PetroVietnam versus PTT: http://reut.rs/2yeNT7n)
How many people are involved?
At least 51 have been arrested across PetroVietnam and the banking sector. Some have been tried and sentenced already. The most senior figure arrested is former PetroVietnam Chairman Dinh La Thang. He is the first former politburo member to face prosecution in decades. Neither he nor his lawyer was available for comment. Germany has accused Vietnam of kidnapping one PetroVietnam suspect, Trinh Xuan Thanh. More than 100 other officials are also under threat of prosecution or have been demoted or fired.
What is PetroVietnam?
Advertisement
Advertisement
PetroVietnam is a tangled enterprise of 15 direct units, 18 subsidiaries and 46 affiliates in which it owns smaller stakes. Hundreds of millions of dollars in losses have been racked up at units ranging from banks to construction firms and power plants to textile mills.
The scandals at PetroVietnam are connected to the banking sector through a deal in which the oil firm lost US$35 million (£26.2 million) in an investment in Ocean Bank. The lender's former chief executive - a previous PetroVietnam chairman - was sentenced to death.
What does the crackdown mean politically?
It shows a concerted effort to rein in large-scale corruption through which some officials had secured massive personal wealth and tarnished the ruling party's image.
But it has also allowed the current Communist Party leadership to strengthen its hand under General Secretary Nguyen Phu Trong after winning out in a power struggle with former prime minister Nguyen Tan Dung last year.
Whether or not the arrests go even higher, Trong's supremacy is assured through a term that lasts until 2021 and the faction is better placed to maintain its dominance even beyond.
What divides the different groups in the ruling party?
Although the party presents a public image of unity, there are diverse views on everything from the pace and openness of reforms to Vietnam's delicate diplomatic balancing between China, the United States and other powers.
What best characterises the current leadership is conservatism in preserving the party's absolute authority in close alignment with the security establishment.
It marks a change of style from the leadership under Dung and his allies, some of whom emerged as personalities in their own right and showed signs of readiness for greater political openness.
Alongside the corruption arrests, Vietnam has also arrested more bloggers, activists and other critics this year than in any other since a 2011 crackdown on youth activists.
How popular is the corruption crackdown?
Few tears are shed in Vietnam over the arrests of former officials, but there is also scepticism over the real motives. The day-to-day corruption of low-level officials and police is still a factor of Vietnamese life.
What impact has this had on PetroVietnam?
PetroVietnam's net profit margin in 2016 was its lowest in at least seven years at just over 7 percent from over 15 percent in 2009. The company told Reuters the oil price was the biggest factor, but it has also said failed projects, wrongdoing by officials and the investigations themselves had an impact.
PetroVietnam's shares are not listed on a stock exchange, but some of its units have underperformed its Thai peer PTT since 2009.
What does this mean for reform and privatisation?
Although the crackdown points to the political strengthening of the party, the leadership has shown less sign of delaying economic reform than the previous administration.
Facing pressure because of its budget deficit, the government has accelerated plans to sell major stakes in the most attractive assets - brewery Sabeco and Vinamilk.
It is also selling stakes in three units of PetroVietnam.
Some economic and business analysts believe the fear among officials of being branded corrupt could further hold up bureaucratic decision making in state-run firms and ministries.
(Reporting by Matthew Tostevin and Mai Nguyen; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Troy Dodds is joined by Nathan Taylor and Emily Newton to discuss the week that was and the week that will be in Penrith
At Various times Trump has had to release his tax information. Given the number of lawsuits that are active, he must have done so very recently. In addition he has stated that he has borrowed money for his campaign and the banks would have required the information in order to approve the loans. He could release the information this afternoon, if he wanted to.
What ever in those taxes must be damaging considering the number of voters that want them released.
Rookie right back has played big minutes, and will again Saturday afternoon in big match in New Jersey
A consensus was reached, finally, by the group huddled around the table on the floor of the Los Angeles Convention Center in January.
After all those muted, clandestine-in-open-view conversations with other team executives on the floor of the Major League Soccer Superdraft, the Vancouver Whitecaps had decided to stand firm and keep their seventh overall pick.
“So we're better off staying where we are, picking the guy we want, and getting out of here,” coach Carl Robinson said that day, mic-ed up in a behind-the-scenes draft day video, after the team's brain trust had discussed at length an offer of $100,000 in allocation money in exchange for their selection.
Wise move. That pick turned into fullback Jake Nerwinski, the fullback who's become one of the best rookies of the 2017 class. And as the Whitecaps look to settle their starting lineup heading into the playoffs, Nerwinski appears to be entrenched at right back.
“Now coming into the stretch run, Jake has his foot in the door, and he's playing so well, it's difficult to leave him out,” said Robinson.
Vancouver (15-10-6) visits the New York Red Bulls (12-12-7) Saturday (2 p.m., TSN1, TSN 1410 AM), and Nerwinski will be back on the pitch that's a mere hour from his hometown of Lawrenceville, N.J.
Around 150 friends and family are expected in the stands. It was also the scene of his MLS debut in February, when the Whitecaps opened the competitive season with a 1-1 tie in Champions League action.
While he wasn't on most teams' scouting board, he fit the team's long-standing draft strategy, where “character, intelligence and hunger trumps all.” It also helped that the six-foot, 175-pound UConn grad tested off the charts at the combine, where he posted the fastest 30-metre dash (3.87 seconds), the second-best vertical jump (34.5 inches), and the fourth-best agility test.
“A fit boy. A real down-to-earth guy. His testing was excellent,” said Robinson. “He was probably third choice in the experts' board at right back.
“I usually go with what I see in my eyes. I thought he had the fundamentals I wanted in a right back. He's got all the ingredients of being a good talent.”
It was a learning curve to begin the season for the 22-year-old, as it is with most rookies. In his first game, with the Caps leading 1-0 against the Red Bulls, he gave up a penalty kick just a few minutes into the second half. But David Ousted — or perhaps the cheeky and easily stopped shot from Red Bulls captain Sacha Kljestan — kept the rookie from being crowned a goat.
“He's shown that he's got the ability … but he also has a level head,” said Ousted. “He's dealt with a lot of different opposition — dealt with speed, dealt with shiftier players — and I think that's what makes him successful. He's done well at adapting to every situation we've put him in.”
Saturday's game is high stakes for both teams.
New York, sitting sixth in the east, can clinch the conference's final playoff berth with a victory, ending the post-season hopes of another Canadian side, the Montreal Impact.
The Whitecaps, who are four points in front of the Portland Timbers, Seattle Sounders and Sporting Kansas City in the Western Conference, need a point in one of their final three games to earn a home playoff date, while a first-round bye can be secured if they take three points. Both could happen Saturday.
“We've just been working hard,” said Nerwinksi. “We know we're under the radar even though we are in first.
“Not many people are still believing in us. But we believe in each other, the coaches believe in us, and that's all we really need to push forward.”
Jadams@postmedia.com
NEXT GAME
Saturday
Vancouver Whitecaps at New York Red Bulls
2 p.m., Red Bull Arena
TSN1, TSN 1410 AM
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com
A 46-year-old Burbank man died Saturday after his motorcycle collided with a car in Glendale, police said.
John Joseph Hatton was riding his motorcycle near Sonora Avenue and Flower Street when the incident occurred at around 8:10 p.m. Glendale Police Sgt. Robert William said Hatton was pronounced dead at the scene.
The driver of the vehicle, who was not impaired, stayed at the scene and was not injured during the collision, according to William. Hatton's motorcycle caught fire after the incident.
Join the conversation on Facebook »
A cause of death has yet to be determined, according to Brian Elias with the Los Angeles County Department of Medical Examiner-Coroner.
The collision is still under investigation.
Anyone who saw the collision or has information about it can call Glendale police at (818) 548-4911
andy.nguyen@latimes.com
Twitter: @Andy_Truc
India and Pakistan are celebrating their 70th independence days this year. While India celebrates Independence day on 15th August, Pakistan does this a day earlier. Both were one country-India until 1947 when the British partitioned India to create two separate countries. The two countries have shared a history marked by four wars and long-running animosity over Kashmir.
The last seventy years in the history of both the countries are marked by four wars between them and a long-running animosity over Kashmir.
However, the shared culture and mutual love between the people of the two countries have seen an enduring people-to-people relationship thrive over the years. A testimony to which is in an Indian band singing Pakistan's national anthem- Pak Sarzamin to celebrate Pakistan's “birthday” on 14th August.
The video of the song begins with the message “This is our way of wishing you, ‘Happy Birthday Pakistan'” and the band members are seen holding placards describing the national anthem of Pakistan as “a song about faith, pride and grandeur, of power, progress and perfection.”
The band Voxchord is winning hearts in Pakistan with the video of the song which is a cappella version of Pakistan's national anthem.
The article appeared in www.sbs.com.au
Aleksandra Sagan, THE CANADIAN PRESS Oct 6, 2017
VANCOUVER  The legal battle between a group of Tim Hortons franchisees and their parent company escalated Friday as the corporate-unsanctioned franchisee association filed a lawsuit alleging that Restaurant Brands International, its subsidiary and several executives have subverted their right to associate.
The defendants have engaged in conduct that seeks to interfere with, restrict, penalize, or threaten franchisees from exercising their rights to associate, according to a lawsuit filed in an Ontario Superior Court of Justice on behalf of two franchisees who belong to The Great White North Franchisee Association. None of the claims have been proven in court.
Tim Hortons called the lawsuit unfounded, in a statement by its media relations team.
We have always been clear that we will not interfere with our franchisees right to associate and that remains true today, it read, adding the lawsuit is the latest tactic of the groups disregard for the brand and our restaurant owners.
The GWNFA, which incorporated in March to raise franchisee concerns over the management of the brand, alleges the defendants stymied their group in a number of ways.
The statement of claim alleges part of this pattern includes the commencing of legal action late last month by the defendants against a group of GWNFA board members that RBI alleges provided confidential information that was then leaked to a Canadian newspaper. The GWNFA denies this claim.
The claim also alleges the defendants denied future store opportunities to franchisees because they are not aligned with Tim Hortonss interest and set aside a $2 billion fund to buy out franchisees who have joined the GWNFA or may do so in the future.
JACK BOLAND Oct 6, 2017
The Miss Universe Canada pageant is all about the 3 Ps — poise, pizzazz and pain.
The first is for the 65 delegates from across the country just cramming on stage at the John Bassett Theatre and getting their choreography down exactly for all portions of the pageant.
Secondly, the pizzazz — all the ladies who have made it so far from regionals around Canada possess it.
And the pain can be seen in their faces as taped up toes scrunch into their shimmery silver pageant pumps for the prelims.
After that it is all pretty simple as seen Thursday afternoon when reigning Miss Canada Universe 2016 Siera Bearchelll — of Saskatchewan and this year's co-emcee — was centred stage helping to lead the girls through their tasks.
This past week has been a whirlwind for the contestants who have been speaking at schools in Hamilton and Toronto about empowerment, travelled high up the CN Tower and held a gala fundraising dinner for Colombian Refugees Association.
It is the crystal Anniversary for the pageant — 15 years in the making now.
The finals will be held 8 p.m. Saturday at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre's John Bassett Theatre.
A Tulsa man is facing 18 charges related to child pornography.
Tulsa detectives say Jerry Berry took images of children off social media then edited them to show the children doing inappropriate things with him.
5/22/2018 Related Story: Tulsa Man Arrested On Child Porn Complaints
He's been charged with 11 counts of manufacturing child porn, five counts of distribution of child porn, one count of aggravated possession of child porn and one could of sexual abuse of a child under 12.
Police say Berry was also sharing the child pornography online.
Justin Timberlake drops surprise new single SoulMate, months after Man of the Woods album
Justin Timberlake surprised fans with the release of his new single SoulMate on 3 July. This song is the newest release since his last studio album Man of the Woods, which came out in February. The singer had shared the cover art of the song on Twitter.
The musician also posted the official audio of the song on YouTube. 'Summer starts now," says Timberlake as he begins the song, which has a lively almost samba-like dance beat to it, a shift from his last album's sound.
Variety reported that the song has been produced by Nineteen85, who has in the past collaborated with Drake on 'Hotline Bling', 'One Dance' and 'Too Good'.
Along with the new single release, Timberlake was also featured in Complex, where he spoke about the possibility of a collaboration with the Canadian rapper. The musicians have worked together in the past on just one song titled 'Cabaret' from The 20/20 Experience - 2 of 2.
Timberlake is currently on the European leg of the Man of the Woods tour, which extends all the way into January 2019. Amidst of the world tour, he is still finding time to produce new music, including the new track.
Listen to 'SoulMate' here.
(With inputs from agencies)
Updated Date: Jul 04, 2018 18:34 PM
BRIGITTE Nielson is welcoming a new addition to the family.
The Beverley Hills cop actress – who as previously married to Sylvester Stallone – took to Instagram on Wednesday to share the bombshell news. Uploading an adorable snap of herself cradling her burgeoning baby bump, she wrote: "Family getting larger," sending fans into a frenzy. Dressed in a white tight-fitting dress, the former model looks positively glowing as she rubbed her hands on her belly and smiled at the camera. Shortly after the singer shared a second photo where she could be seen relaxing on a sofa in the same outfit, having added a touch of glamour to the look with a pair of gold sunglasses and a neck scarf. She captioned it: "Happy time. Positive vibes."
INSTAGRAM / BRIGITTE NIELSEN EXPECTING: Brigitte announced she was pregnant via this sweet social media snap on Wednesday
INSTAGRAM / BRIGITTE NIELSEN POSITIVE VIBES: The actress is 54-years-old and is married to her fifth husband
And the snap was commented on by numerous fans. One wrote: "Wow!! How's that possible??" A second added: "Are you really pregnant or is this fake?" A third chimed: "Definitely fake news." Another said: "Wow you look like a grandma and you're pregnant?!" Whilst a final commented: "Clown. Think of the child for once, you are not 25!! Having kids has become a hobby!"
WENN LEGGY LADY: The 6ft 1in model rose to fame in the 1980's
WENN HAPPY FAMILY: Singer Brigitte is already mum to four sons
The reality TV personality has been married to 39-year-old Italian TV producer Mattia Dessi since 2006. The Danish-Italian actress is already mum to four sons, the eldest of which is 34. Blonde bombshell Brigitte rose to fame when she began modelling for designers Giorgio Armani and Versace in the early 1980s. Shortly after she was cast alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger in hit film Red Sonja before going on to land roles in Cobra, Rocky and Beverly Hills Cop two.
Photo by Jim Smeal/WireImage HEAVYWEIGHT: Brigitte was married to Sylvester Stallone for two years
In a path-breaking medical case, insulin-making beta cells were successfully removed from the pancreas of a 19-year-old motorbike accident victim and transplanted to his liver by doctors in Italy, saving the man from the risk of becoming diabetic.
In the pioneering case, surgeons at Brescia's Civil Hospitals performed a laparoscopy to remove the head and tail of the man's pancreas, which were irreparably damaged in the accident – and where most of the insulin-producing cells are concentrated.
Hours later, doctors from Milan's San Raffaele Diabetes Research Institute (DRI) then worked through the night to extract the beta cells from the damaged ends of the pancreas which they received from the surgeons in Brescia.
The beta cells extracted in Milan by a team led by DRI director Lorenzo Piemonti were then sent back to surgeons in Brescia led by Guido Alberto Massimo Tiberio for implantation in the man's liver tissue though the organ's portal vein.
Just weeks after the operation, the transplanted beta cells began to produce insulin again, doctors said.
Three weeks after the terrible road accident, “the patient has been discharged from hospital in excellent overall condition”, doctors said.
“His glycemic profile, in particular, which was altered after the pancreatectomy, steadily improved and in the space of 24 hours returned to normal,” said the doctors.
The man will be monitored in the coming months to ensure the post-operation phase goes correctly, as well as to check the efficiency of the beta cells implanted in his liver, the doctors noted.
“In such cases, patient run a 10-20 percent risk of developing diabetes shortly after the operation. In the long term, however, this risk rises to 50 percent, radically affecting the patient's quality of life.”
Top doctors involved in the case hailed the procedure.
“Until now there have been less than 10 cases worldwide in which this approach was used,” said Lorenzo Piemonti, director of Milan's San Raffaele Diabetes Research Institute (DRI).
“This approach requires multidisciplinary abilities and expertise that can rarely be coordinated so urgently,” Piemonti added.
“It is the first such case in the world considering the combination of minimally invasive surgery to remove the pancreatic material and the isolation of the beta cells in a remote location.”
Guido Alberto Massimo Tiberio, who headed the team of surgeons at Brescia's Civil Hospitals, praised the cooperation with the DRI which involved no less than 16 specialists, including doctors, chemists, biologists and nurses.
“The collaboration between the San Raffaele Hospital and the Civil Hospitals is a fine example of public and private health striving for excellence,” Tiberio said.
“It was possible due to networking abilities, to being used to carrying out complex procedures in emergency conditions and outside ordinary working hours – in the sole interest of the patient.”
As people set off fireworks* and grill untold tons of meats today, it's possible that the NHL's grand tradition of explosive Fourth of July blockbusters could continue with an Erik Karlsson trade.
In 2013, the Dallas Stars pulled off quite the Declaration of Competence by fleecing the Boston Bruins for Tyler Seguin, a move the Dallas Morning News and others can chronicle on a yearly basis. Perhaps it's fitting, then, that the Stars have been tabbed as the latest frontrunners to land Karlsson's services … for whatever that's worth.
The Athletic's CJ Stevenson and Sean Shapiro both report that the Stars made the best offers for Karlsson so far. Shapiro's latest update came today, while Stevenson provided additional details about who could move, as young defensemen Miro Heiskanen and/or Julius Honka could be part of the asking price.
Talks on going between Dallas and Senators … Senators focusing on Miro Heiskanen third overall to Dallas last year, one source suggested. Dallas would rather give up Julius Honka, 14th overall in 2014. Played 42 games with Stars last season. Stay tuned. — Chris Stevenson (@CJ_Stevenson) July 4, 2018
It's difficult to gauge how likely Karlsson-to-Dallas really is. On the bright side, it's opened the door for people to drop in some early analysis. One of the most interesting questions revolves around whether it would be worth it for the Stars to risk including Heiskanen (an intriguing Finnish defenseman who was the third pick in 2017) in the trade.
There are prospects, then there are 18 year olds who dominate adults for 26 minutes a night. Under no circumstances do you give up Heiskanen for anything. He's as untouchable as Benn, Seguin, and Klingberg. https://t.co/PF8GgOoVZq — Josh Lile (@JoshL1220) July 4, 2018
For the moment, let's put the prospect discussion aside, and look big picture about how Karlsson might impact the Stars.
[MORE: Five other sensible potential destinations for Erik Karlsson]
* – Be careful!
A superstar right-handed Swede on defense almost every shift?
As much as the Stars have bumbled in drafting and development over the years, John Klingberg‘s an absolute gem they found in the fifth round (131st overall) in 2010. He drew some Norris buzz last season before cooling off, and his dirt-cheap $4.25 million cap hit runs through 2021-22.
Both Karlsson and Klingberg are right-handed defensemen, which might inspire the Stars to primarily rotate them rather than put them on the ice at the same time if Karlsson lands in Dallas.
Of course, there could be exceptions. Landing Karlsson would force some shifting as far as Dallas' power play goes, and it would almost be silly not to have both of them on the ice when the Stars empty their net trying to score a late goal in a game.
Yet even under typical alignments, the Stars would enjoy the blissful luxury of rarely icing a defense that doesn't include one of them.
Since 2012-13, Karlsson's logged an average of 27:23 TOI per game, second only to Fourth of July Minnesota Wild signee Ryan Suter. John Klingberg's 23:03 ties him for 30th during that span, and the 25-year-old averaged a career-high of 24:04 per night last season.
Over the years, it's been frustrating to watch the Stars land big-time players like Tyler Seguin only to surround them with mediocre-to-bad supporting cast members. That's been especially irritating on the blueline, as the Stars have seen more modern-style defensemen leave (examples: Alex Goligoski, Jason Demers) while adding sluggish types such as Marc Methot and Roman Polak.
It might not matter a whole lot if the Stars win the Karlsson sweepstakes.
While it would be better if Karlsson didn't need to lug Methot around like he did in Ottawa, it's not as if he isn't experienced in carrying lesser defense partners. Consider the bewildering fact that, via Natural Stat Trick, Karlsson's most frequent pairing was with Johnny Oduya. In 2017-18.
Simply put, few players can make the impact Karlsson can, as he isn't just great … he can also log a ton of ice time, keeping less-great players on the bench more often.
Win now, and win later?
Here's something that might sneak up on you: the core of the Stars is getting a little older.
Jamie Benn is 28, and there was at least mild concern that he was slowing down – by his standards – last season. Alex Radulov was great in his debut season with Dallas, yet he's also 31. Ben Bishop is 31 too, and sometimes that's a scary thought, as injuries have been an issue at times for the towering goalie. Recent Stars additions are largely at risk of suffering age-related decline (Methot is 33, Blake Comeau and Polak are both 32).
Karlsson, 28, remains in the meat of his prime and would push a strangely middling Stars roster to a higher level. Dallas can't wait forever to climb the ranks.
One potentially brilliant impact could be that, in landing Karlsson, the Stars might entice Tyler Seguin to stick around.
Seguin, 26, sees his absurdly low $5.75M cap hit expire after 2018-19. He'd be a UFA if the Stars couldn't convince him to sign an extension, and while Dallas has had its highs, it would be easy to see why he might want to leave for a clearer contender if the growing pains continue. After all, that would be his first chance to really choose his team after being drafted by Boston and traded to the Stars.
Putting Karlsson in the mix could really inspire Seguin to just sign an extension. Don't forget that NHL players have a ton of incentive to extend deals compared to, say, NBA players, as the injury risk must be a greater concern.
Such a risk might be worth taking if the Stars remain as a “bubble team,” but a future with Karlsson and Ben along with the security of an extension might be too sweet a bargain to pass up.
(Now, naturally, it would be a tight squeeze to fit Seguin and Karlsson under the cap, yet such struggles are easily worth the mental gymnastics.)
***
Few people outside of the Stars and Senators organizations know how close a Karlsson deal might be.
Even so, it's entertaining to ponder the potential of adding another, well, star to the Stars. We'll find out if Karlsson's destination is revealed during this American holiday or if the hockey world will be forced to speculate deeper into the summer.
Singer Ariana Grande is to become a character in the Final Fantasy: Brave Exvius mobile game.
The 23-year-old singer announced on Sunday she would be appearing in the game, which was first released in Japan in October 2015.
In a post on Instagram she wrote, “I'm SO so excited to finally share that I'll be featured in FINAL FANTASY BRAVE EXVIUS *crying* check out my character in the game, it's the cutest thing i've (sic) ever seen in my entire life and i'm so excited and in love with it i (sic) cannot contain myself.”
Grande later shared a video, showing off her character's look and abilities, with the avatar's look apparently based on the latex bunny mask outfit she wore for the cover of her latest album Dangerous Woman and the video accompanying its title track.
The mobile game version of Grande seems to have magical abilities too, including casting spells.
Final Fantasy is one of the most beloved gaming series of all time, having delighted fans since 1987.
The Brave Exvius edition of the franchise is free-to-play and has been available on various mobile devices in the U.S. from June last year.
LONDON: Firefighters searched for bodies on Thursday (Jun 15) in a London tower block gutted by a blaze that has already left 12 dead, as questions grew over whether a refurbishment had contributed to the disaster.
The death toll was expected to rise further as crews picked their way through the blackened skeleton of the 24-storey Grenfell Tower, home to around 600 people and the scene of horror on Tuesday night.
Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton said parts of the building remained unsafe and it would take a long time to complete a detailed search of every floor.
She told Sky News there were still "unknown numbers" of people inside, but "it will be an absolute miracle for anyone to be left alive". "It will take weeks before this building is cleared and truly searched properly," she said.
Whole families remain missing after the fire swept up the local authority building, forcing residents to flee through black smoke down the single stairwell, jump out a window or even drop their children to safety.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Questions are growing about how the flames spread so quickly, engulfing its 120 apartments in what fire chiefs said was an unprecedented blaze.
The focus centres on the cladding fitted to external walls on the 1970s concrete block, as part of a £8.7-million (US$11 million, €9.9 million) refit completed only last year.
According to the BBC, the cladding had a plastic core, and was similar to that used by high-rise buildings in France, the United Arab Emirates and Australia which had also suffered fires that spread.
Rydon, the firm responsible for the refit, said the project "met all required building regulations".
Harley Facades, which fitted the panels, told the BBC: "At this time, we are not aware of any link between the fire and the exterior cladding to the tower."
Prime Minister Theresa May said there would be an investigation into the cause of the "appalling tragedy", once the last bodies had been recovered.
HELPLESSLY WATCHING
Grenfell Tower looms over a social housing estate in north Kensington, just streets away from some of the most expensive homes in the world in Notting Hill.
The area has a large immigrant population, but many families have lived in the area for years, passing their low-rent homes onto their children.
Eyewitnesses told how residents in the upper floors shone their mobile phone torches to attract attention, before they disappeared from the windows, their screams of help falling silent.
"We saw them dying," said Adi Estu, 32, who was evacuated from her home nearby.
Some desperate people reportedly jumped from the windows, while one woman, Samira Lamrani, said she saw a woman drop a baby from the ninth or 10th floor, for the child to be caught by a man below.
Remains of furniture are seen through windows of the burnt down Grenfell Tower in London on Jun 15, 2017. (Photo: AP/Frank Augstein)
The fire triggered a wave of mourning in a country already battered by a string of terror attacks.
More than £480,000 had been raised online for the victims by Thursday morning, while local community centres were inundated by donations of clothes and food.
Volunteers in the city of Glasgow - 550 kilometres (350 miles) away - sent a truck laden with nappies and other supplies.
STAY HOME
Cladding has been added to a number of buildings across London in recent years, intended to provide insulation as well as improve the appearance of older buildings.
But Kostas Tsavdaridis, associate professor of Structural Engineering at the University of Leeds warned: "Some materials used in facades act as significant fire loads.
"Although theoretically they are fire resistant, in most cases they are high-temperature resistant instead of fire resistant. But even if they are, smoke and fire will spread through the joints and connections."
There were questions about why there was no sprinkler system in the Grenfell Tower which could have helped stop the fire spreading, or any central smoke alarm system that would have woken sleeping residents.
Official fire service advice for residents to stay in their homes and use towels to block out smoke, while awaiting help, has also come under scrutiny.
Firefighters were only able to reach the tower's 12th floor of the block at the height of the blaze.
Abdelaziz El-Wahabi, his wife Faouzia and their three children were among those who followed to protocol in their flat on the 21st floor.
"Last time I spoke to his wife, he was on the phone to the fire brigade. I've not heard from them since," his sister Hanan Wahabi told AFP on Wednesday morning.
David Collins, former chairman of the Grenfell Tower Residents' Association, said the building's management had failed to listen to residents' calls for improvements on fire safety.
"If the same concerns were had in a wealthy part of Kensington and Chelsea they would have got resolved, but here they didn't get resolved," Collins told AFP.
The Ontario Liberals have an extra $1.5 billion to spend between now and the next election and can still keep their promise to balance the provincial budget by 2018, thanks to a helpful ruling on how to handle surpluses in a couple of big provincial pension funds.
For $1.5 billion, the Liberals could cut electricity bills by another eight per cent and probably buy labour peace with Ontario's doctors and have some left. They could stop pressuring boards of education to close half-empty schools. They could replace half a dozen small hospitals. They could even cut taxes.
We're talking serious money.
Premier Kathleen Wynne and Finance Minister Charles Sousa have sworn up and down that Ontario will finish 2018 with a balanced provincial budget.
But they got a shock last fall when Bonnie Lysyk, the province's auditor general, told them she thought it was wrong to count money held by the pension plans for the Ontario Public Service Employees Union and Ontario's teachers' unions as provincial assets. Specifically, about $11 billion in surpluses in those funds, the government's share of which had been treated as government assets for as long as they'd been there. That stripped billions of dollars off the government's balance sheet.
More importantly, it meant $1.5 billion in income that the government had treated as revenue could no longer be handled that way.
That produced a nasty spat between the auditor-general and Liz Sandals, the minister who, as president of the treasury board, is in charge of how the province keeps its books. Sandals presented the legislature with an unaudited financial report because Lysyk wouldn't sign off on it, a brazen way of handling an ordinarily dull part of running the government.
The money's there either way, the only question is in which ledger it should be inscribed. If it's in this ledger here, it makes the Liberals' budget-balancing promise $1.5 billion easier; if it's in that ledger there, the promise is $1.5 billion harder.
The government appointed an expert panel to make a ruling, a four-person group led by Tricia O'Malley, former chair of the Canadian Accounting Standards Board, a job she had twice, with a long stint helping set international accounting standards in between. The others are a benefits lawyer, an actuary who consults for Ernst & Young on pensions, and the Province of New Brunswick's chief accountant.
What they say doesn't have the force of a judge's order, but they have credibility. And they say the government can count the money as a provincial asset.
The provincial government co-sponsors the pension plans, so it's effectively a half-owner. That said, the government can't directly draw on the surpluses, the money has to stay in the plans. If the government can't take the money, Lysyk's reasoning goes, the money isn't really a government asset.
Nevertheless, the panel's report volleys back, those surpluses work in the government's favour.
"It is reasonable to expect that the plan sponsors will be able to benefit from lower contribution levels in the future, if the plans have surplus assets," the panel's report says.
Ultimately: "The surpluses in the plans can be used by reducing the contributions the government is required to make to the plans, freeing cash that would otherwise be required to make contributions to be used for other purposes."
"We are committed to implementing the advice of this independent panel and will use it in preparing the province's financial statements," Sandals said in a written statement.
And in campaigning for 2018.
dreevely@postmedia.com
ROBOTS could spark a devastating nuclear war that destroys the world, a top think tank has warned.
ATLASPIX/ALAMY/GETTY WARNING: Robots are one of the most likely threats to mankind a think tank has warned
Military advances in artificial intelligence (AI) could lead to countries taking risks with their nuclear weapons. Rand Corporation, a non-profit organisation based in California which advises the US military on policy issues, has written an alarming report AI. Top experts fear it could change the way countries with nuclear power act in future. Computers can already scan thousands of surveillance photos and this technology could soon be extended to satellite data and even social media posts.
Rand says AI's ability to be “everywhere and see everything” mean countries fear they would be a vulnerable to a first nuclear strike – and lose their counter punch. Since the Cold War, Mutually Assured Destruction (MAD) has existed between the world's superpowers as they realise any nuclear attack would be met with a devastating one in response. However Rand experts believe AI dramatically changes the consensus. “Autonomous systems don't need to kill people to undermine stability and make catastrophic war more likely," said Edward Geist, an associate policy researcher at RAND, a specialist in nuclear security, and co-author of the new paper.
Doomsday Clock: The countdown to ARMAGEDDON in history Could GLOBAL catastrophe be right around the corner? 1 / 14 AFP/Getty Images 1947 – 7 Minutes to Midnight – Doomsday Clock is set for the first time.
"New AI capabilities might make people think they're going to lose if they hesitate. “That could give them itchier trigger fingers. “At that point, AI will be making war more likely even though the humans are still quote-unquote in control." The report is part of a project called Security 2040 studying potential future threats, focusing on computer tech.
AI's startling development has already led to fears from some of the most influential people in the world. Russian President Vladimir Putin famously said whoever wins the race for AI superiority will “become the ruler of the world”. SpaceX founder Elon Musk fears it could spark WW3, tweeting: “If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be.” Rand researchers worked with experts in AI and nuclear strategy to discuss how robot tech will be used in 2040 and whether it will be a stabilising or destabilising force on peace.
Artificial intelligence: AI in the past, present and future AI is creeping into ever corner of our lives 1 / 9 Getty Images A 1949 illustration shows a man with an electronic circuit board for a brain
If you see anyone violating our state's natural and cultural resources, you can now report it using your smart phone.
The Department of Land and Natural Resources created an app called DLNRTip. It allows you to report a violation by providing details and photos of illegal or suspected illegal activity as it's happening.
Developed by tip411, DLNRTip encourages people to connect directly with the Division of Conservation and Resources Enforcement (DOCARE) to provide factual information that can lead to the arrest of anyone who poaches or harasses protected wildlife species, pollutes, or violates any state conservation resources rules.
“We can't protect our state's natural and cultural resources without the thousands of eyes and ears of concerned citizens who can serve as proxies for DOCARE officers who clearly cannot be everywhere, all the time. DLNRTip will better connect our officers to people and expedite receipt of tips of wrongdoing and our subsequent responses,” said DLNR chair Suzanne Case.
The DLNRTip app and tip411 are completely anonymous, as the technology removes all identifying information before officers see tips, so there is no way to identify senders.
DLNRTip is available for download for free via the Google Play Store and iTunes App Store.
People without a smartphone will be able to send an anonymous text tip via their cell phone to DOCARE by texting keyword DLNRTIP and their message/tip to 847411 (tip411).
DOCARE will also continue to take calls and tips on its statewide hotline at 643-DLNR (3567).
THE REASON Harry Kane ran over to the stands last night to take a selfie following his World Cup heroics has been revealed.
Yesterday, the Spurs striker scored from the penalty spot to put England 1-0 up vs against Colombia, before slotting his penalty home during the shootout to send Three Lions fans into ecstasy. And as the team celebrated on the pitch, Kane ran over to the stands to take a selfie. As the camera bulbs flashed around him, at first it wasn't clear why he'd run over. But the mystery was solved as it was revealed he had gone over to celebrate with his brother Charlie and dad Pat.
PA SELFIE: Harry Kane celebrates with England fans after Colombia win
PA CELEBRATIONS: Harry Kane went straight over to his dad and brother after the game
World Cup 2018: England fans go WILD as England beat Colombia England fans go wild after beating Colombia in a tense penalty shootout 1 / 60 The Three Lions flag is triumpahntly held aloft following England's latest World Cup win
Before the game, Charlie was photographed with Nottingham Forest fans in the crowd. Tweeting a picture of Kane's selfie, Twitter user Matt wrote: "It was his brother... It's coming home!" After the game, Kane, who scored his sixth goal of the World Cup to keep him on course for the Golden Boot, tweeted: "What. A. Feeling." England fans lost their heads after the dramatic win.
PA PROUD: Harry Kane's brother Charlie hugs him after penalty shootout win
England Player Ratings: Jordan Pickford the hero in penalty shootout win over Colombia ENGLAND won on penalties against Colombia to advance to the World Cup quarter-final tonight - here are our player ratings for the Three Lions. 1 / 15 GETTY England: Team average - 6.53
“What. A. Feeling” Harry Kane Twitter user Chris Chapman wrote: "If this gets 1k retweets I'm allowed to call my yet to be born son Harry Kane Chapman". And Ryan wrote: "If we win the World Cup I'll get a tattoo of Harry Kane's face on my a***". Bookmakers Ladbrokes today announced Harry is the 2/1 favourite to be the most popular newborn boys' name for 2018. While Everton keeper Jordan Pickford may also be an inspiration to prospective couples after his penalty heroics last night.
Jessica Bridge from Ladbrokes said: "It wouldn't be a huge surprise to see a spike in births during Spring next year, particularly with babies called Harry or Jordan." Other fans thought the best bit of the night was the bromance between Kane and England coach Gareth Southgate. Sharing a picture of Southgate hugging the Spurs striker, Daniel Tatarsky tweeted: "Find someone who loves you as much as Gareth Southgate loves Harry Kane."
TWITTER BROTHER: Charlie Kane was pictured in the stands before the game with England fans
5 H BY DOMENICK YONEY
The key lies in hitting weekly 6,000 Model 3 production rate.
In the face of much skepticism, Tesla CEO Elon Musk has repeatedly stated that the automaker will see a profit in the 3rd and 4th quarters of this year. Now, a respected financial analyst is saying the same thing.
Gene Munster, who left the investment banking firm Piper Jaffray after 21 years to start Loup Ventures in early 2017 with a couple of his co-workers, was considered by many to be the top analyst covering Apple and other tech companies. He's written a research note following the release yesterday of Tesla's Q2 production figures that's worth spending some time with, and we've included it in its entirety below.
Additionally, as reported by Teslarati, he appeared on CNBC where he said the following:
“This 5,000 production number was the first time in about nine months he's gotten one right. I think it's safe to always dial back what he's saying, that's why we think Tesla's going to meet the production number by the end of the September quarter. If they hit that number, it's going to equate to 48,000 model 3s produced in the September quarter. That should get them to profitability, slightly profitable. It's not going to be wildly profitable in September; I just want to warn everyone, but it moves them in the right direction.”
Basically, his position is that the California automaker will see profitably — barely — by the end of September if the company hits the 6,000 Model 3 weekly run rate that its Q2 production press release claims will happen in late August. He also believes Tesla will cash flow positive in Q4 as well.
Interestingly, he sees Tesla's Model 3 reservation list positively, despite its decline from 455,000 to 420,000, noting that about 28,386 of those have already been delivered. This is because he believes in the evangelist effect. Similar to how early Apple iPhone users converted so many others to the new (at the time) smartphone, he believes increased deliveries also means an increase in the number of people who will evangelize on behalf of the company, thereby increasing orders. We concur, but with a caveat: the ownership experience must also be a positive one. If people taking delivery now receive cars that need to make multiple trips to service centers, then that goodwill could go to waste.
Tesla released Q2 2018 production and delivery numbers, confirming information leaked over the weekend that they did indeed achieve their goal of 5,000 Model 3s per week, producing 5,031 Model 3s and 1,913 S and X vehicles. These numbers are in line with Musk's target and slightly ahead of our previous prediction of a run rate between 4,300 and 4,900. Other key takeaways include: Model 3 production for Q2 was 28,578, nearly 3x higher than Q1 production of 9,766.
The company did not steal from Peter to pay Paul, producing 24,761 S and X vehicles in Q2 compared to 24,728 S and X vehicles in Q1. We're encouraged that this number remained stable during increased efforts to reach Model 3 goals.
Tesla reiterated their confidence in reaching both positive GAAP net income and cash flow in Q3 and Q4. Adding some conservatism to Musk's predictions, we expect the company to be cash flow positive in Q4 through a combination of a higher Model 3 run rate and selling EV credits.
After presumably reaching the 5,000 per week target in a burst-build, a short period of pouring resources and manpower into focused production, the question becomes one of sustainability. Tesla commented that they are on track to reach 6,000 Model 3s per week by late August. We expect a temporary step-down in production related to retooling general assembly and we anticipate Model 3 production to exit Q3 at 6,000 per week.
Tesla reported that the number of net Model 3 reservations at the end of Q2 stood at roughly 420,000 (on top of the 28,386 delivered to date). We see this as a positive; we had expected the reservation list to shrink meaningfully given the production delays. Now, we expect reservations to increase as more owners become evangelists for the product and cars become available for test drives in Tesla stores. This strong demand comes into question when considering the effect of the tax credit provided to EV buyers in the US. When Tesla delivers its 200,000th vehicle, this $7,500 tax credit will begin to phase out. The number of vehicles in transit (11,166 Model 3s and 3,892 S and X), along with accelerated deliveries in Canada, could mean Tesla was delaying deliveries in order to game the tax credit. This points to the fact that they should deliver the 200,000th vehicle early in Q3. If that mark is hit early in Q3, the tax credit phase-out will look like this: For the rest of Q3 and all of Q4, customers will receive the full $7,500 credit.
In Q1 and Q2 of 2019, the credit will be reduced to $3,750.
In Q3 and Q4 of 2019, the credit will be halved again to $1,875.
After the end of 2019, the credit will disappear altogether. Because the tax credit artificially lowers the price and therefore increases demand for Tesla vehicles, future demand may be sensitive to decreases in the tax credit. The good news is that there will be increased demand in the short term (remainder of 2018) once consumers realize the credit will disappear. On the other hand, future demand has been pulled to the present, so Tesla may face a headwind in 2019. We are modeling for decelerating sales growth in 2019 as the tax credit steps down and eventually goes away.
Source: Teslarati
Turkey's top security body, the National Security Council (MGK), convened Wednesday under the chairmanship of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to discuss measures to ensure safety and security during the upcoming presidential and local elections.
The meeting, which lasted for three hours and 15 minutes, was held at Presidential Palace in the Turkish capital Ankara. Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım also attended the meeting.
Along with precautions for election safety, the council also discussed recent developments in Syria, Jerusalem's status and recent violence in the Gaza Strip as well as the fight against terror, a statement released after the meeting said.
The statement asserted that countries that provide open and secret support to terrorist organizations and make up all kinds of excuses to protect terrorists should act in accordance with international law without discriminating between terrorist groups.
The council also reaffirmed that Turkey will continue to support the Palestinian cause on all international platforms, notably in the upcoming meetings of the United Nations and Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC).
Tension has mounted in the Palestinian territories since last December, when U.S. President Donald Trump announced his decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
On May 14, the U.S. relocated its Israel embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, drawing condemnation from across the Arab and Muslim world and further enflaming passions in the Palestinian territories.
Since March 30, at least 118 Palestinians have been killed -- and thousands more injured -- by Israeli army gunfire in the eastern Gaza Strip.
Turkey wants to open a new border gate with Iraq in cooperation with the central government in Baghdad after it shuts down the existing gate in response to last week's Kurdish independence referendum, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said.
ANKARA: Turkey wants to open a new border gate with Iraq in cooperation with the central government in Baghdad after it shuts down the existing gate in response to last week's Kurdish independence referendum, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said.
"We have proposed opening the new Ovakoy gate, west of currently used Habur gate, to Baghdad and we are expecting their support. We will be happy to discuss this with (Iraqi Prime Minister Haider) al-Abadi," Yildirim told reporters, saying the timing of his visit to Baghdad was a work in progress.
Yildirim also said he wanted to boost cooperation with central Iraqi government on economy, defence, security and political issues.
(Reporting by Ece Toksabay; Editing by David Dolan)
Bringing 12 weakened boys who can't swim let alone dive and their football coach out of flooded Tham Luang cave remains a perilous prospect given the extreme conditions — strong currents, mud, zero visibility and at least a 2.5-kilometre swim — cave-diving experts said last night.
As the nation continued to rejoice at the news of all the boys, who are aged 11-16, being found alive at 9.38pm on Monday night after an exhausting 10-day search, spirits were dampened at the prospect of having to keep them in the labyrinthine cave network in Chiang Rai's Mae Sai district for up to four more months due to the coming monsoon.
Full story: Bangkok Post
BANGKOK POST REPORTERS
Nintendo Classic Mini has seen a long demand among gamers from all around. The console has been a device long loved by players. It is still not known why Nintendo kept the productions of this gaming masterpiece. The gaming giant has been little secretive from the beginning about this console.
However, NES Classic Mini was originally retailed in the stores with the price tag of $60 only. Though, private selling of the same on the third party network of eBay was witnessed by many within the frequent interval with much higher price tags than its original rate. A new report suggests that it might be a good idea, for those who are eager for buying it, to grab it as early from whatever available sources as Nintendo might soon draw a permanent closure to its manufacturing, as per a report by Geek.
According to WWG, NeoGAF's potential member named "Roarer" who claims to be an employee of a "large Nordic retailer" stated in a thread recently that Nintendo would soon wrap up its production effort Nintendo Classic Mini. He said that post that Nintendo has personally confirmed this to his retailer. "According to them production has ended and we will be receiving a few more shipments before everything dries up," he added. He further claimed that the shipments which are expected to be the last stock would arrive sometime by April or May of this year.
Advertisement
To put more attentive measures to his words, he also linked his post to a separate Norwegian retailer's Facebook page. The details available on that page also confirms that this retailer would also have its final shipments for NES classic soon. However, it has still not been confirmed by any potential sources whether the stock ending is only addressed for Nintendo's Norway-based holdings or for the worldwide retailers. If it is for the global sellers then Nintendo failed to stay up to the mark with its words. The company earlier promised to increase the production of the same which now seems to be an invalid thought.
A standard Federal Aviation Administration investigation into Harrison Ford's plane incident is underway, an FAA rep told Page Six Wednesday.
Ford, 74, landed on a taxiway at John Wayne Airport in Orange County, Calif., on Monday, mistaking it for a proper runway. In the process, the “Indiana Jones” star flew over an American Airlines 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members, then reportedly asked air traffic control, “Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?”
Ford's incident actually isn't that uncommon an occurrence, especially at certain airports.
FAA briefs have stated that common underlying causes of similar errors include the taxiway being the dominant visual feature from the air (usually based on its width or visual contrast from the color of the pavement), a taxiway having squared instead of rounded edges and natural lighting conditions, like sun glare or haze, which can hinder a pilot's positive runway identification.
At John Wayne Airport, the 20L runway marker is marked on the same light-colored pavement that's used on the taxiway, even though the actual 20L runway pavement is darker. Runway 20R is marked on darker runway pavement.
A rep for Ford had no comment.
BROOMFIELD, Colo. – The Colorado Department of Agriculture and the Colorado Energy Office have awarded over $300,000 in grants for agricultural energy efficiency and renewable energy projects. The projects span 10 Colorado counties, 14 agricultural producers and 33 projects.
Producers by County Project Type Amount
Alamosa Greenhouse $17,216.80
Garfield Greenhouse $75,298.80
Gunnison Greenhouse $2,148.30
Jefferson Greenhouse $81,157.20
Recommended Stories For You
Larimer Greenhouse $12,453.12
Moffatt Irrigation $39,374.24
Morgan Poultry $2,199.37
Prowers Irrigation $38,592.50
Rio Blanco Irrigation $15,324.61
Weld Dairy $16,261.69
The funding is part of the multi-agency Colorado Agricultural Energy Efficiency Program, which is part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources Conservation Service's Regional Conservation Partnership Program. RCPP provides technical and financial assistance to agricultural producers to install and maintain projects that address natural resource concerns. Funding for the awards is provided by CDA's Advancing Colorado's Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency (ACRE3) grant program.
The Colorado Agricultural Energy Efficiency Program provides a turnkey approach that makes energy efficiency improvements easy for producers. The program provides free energy audits, renewable energy site assessments, and technical support services to about 60 Colorado producers annually. CEO administers the program and funds the energy audits and technical support services. NRCS and CDA provide funding for project implementation and additional services.
You can learn more about CDA's ACRE3 program by visiting our website at https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/agconservation/acre or watching this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0z03Rmp_UKU&feature=youtu.be.
HOLLYOAKS has got a dramatic pregnancy storyline on the horizon for a cheating pair.
Hollyoaks have teased baby mayhem for teen couple Lily Drinkwell (Lauren McQueen) and Prince McQueen (Malique Thompson-Dwyer) next week. In upcoming episodes, Lily will fall into panic when she believes she could be pregnant, throwing her turbulent romance with Prince into even more drama. And if that wasn't enough for the explosive pair, things are set to go from bad to worse for Prince when his family spy him buying a pregnancy test. Hollyoaks spoilers have spilled that Prince will head to the Price Slice to buy a test, but disaster strikes when he bumps into Myra (Nicole Barber-Lane) and mum Goldie McQueen (Chelsee Healey) inside the shop.
E4 BABY BOMBSHELL: Lily Drinkwell thinks she's pregnant with Prince's baby next week
When the pair rifle through Prince's basket they're furious by what they find and immediately interrogate the teen. Prince begs Myra and Goldie to keep his could-be baby news underwraps but everyone knows secrets don't stay hidden in Chester. And of course, it soon gets back to Lily and leads to another almighty row. In the heat of their spat, Lily calls her boyfriend "just a window cleaner" and he's unable to forgive her in-the-moment insult. Is this the end of Prince and Hunter and what does this mean if there is a baby on the way?
E4 MARRIED: Prince and Lily tied the knot earlier this year
Hollyoaks' Hottest Babes These Hollyoaks babes prove why they're the queens of soap. 1 / 30
E4 REUNITED: Prince and Hunter's mum Goldie McQueen recently returned to the village
Elsewhere in the village, Esther Bloom (Jazmine Franks) is set to bow out of the soap in this weeks scenes after almost eight years on screen. Esther's farewell plot will start tonight and it looks like she'll be leaving on bad terms with her family. Spoiler clips show her having another huge argument with Jack Osborne (Jimmy McKenna) over his sudden wedding decision with Darcy Wilde (Aisling Jarrett-Gavin). She demands: "Sack the marriage off and kick her out."
Hollyoaks babe Jazmine Franks Sizzling Insta babe Jazmine Franks played Esther Bloom in Hollyoaks. 1 / 18
E4 LEAVING: Esther Bloom is exiting the village this week
This article was originally published on rsf.org on 23 April 2018.
Yameen Rasheed would have turned 30 this month if he had not been stabbed to death in his home on 23 April 2017. Six suspects were arrested for his murder. According to the police, they are Islamist fundamentalists who could not stand Rasheed's criticism of religious extremism.
An outspoken observer of his country's politics, Rasheed also criticized alleged government corruption in his blog. He had repeatedly reported to the police that he was receiving death threats but they did not provide him with any protection.
It is still not clear who may have instigated Rasheed's murder, but the trial is unusually being held behind closed doors at the prosecutor general's behest. His spokesperson said this was decided under a new provision that allows prosecutors to request a secret trial “if they believe a circumstance that obstructs justice could arise in an open hearing.”
He has not specified what kind of circumstance the prosecution has in mind in this case.
“It is essential that the Yameen Rasheed murder trial hearings should be open to the public and journalists or otherwise there will inevitably be doubts about the verdict,” said Daniel Bastard, the head of RSF's Asia-Pacific desk.
“We ask the prosecutor general to act accordingly, and we urge the supreme court and the country's human rights commission to use all their influence to ensure that the trial is conducted in a fully transparent manner. The credibility of the justice system is a stake. The impunity that characterizes crimes of violence against journalists in the Maldives is a curse and holding this trial behind closed doors is like an encouraging message to those who want to silence journalists for good.”
On 19 April, members of the Rasheed family together with representatives of two NGOs, Maldives Democracy Network and Transparency Maldives, unsuccessfully requested a meeting with the prosecutor general and the police officer in charge of the investigation.
The hashtag #OpenTheTrial is being used on social networks to press the authorities to open the trial to the public. This and the #WeAreYaamyn campaign that RSF joined in June 2017 are signs of growing public opposition to holding a secret trial.
Maldives is ranked 117th out of 180 countries in RSF's 2017 World Press Freedom Index.
POSTED IN: Maldives Impunity Attacks
TWO men, aged 25 and 26, have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hurt before Liverpool's Champions League match against Roma.
A 53-year-old man was left fighting for his life following an altercation ahead of the semi-final at Anfield last night which was won 5-2 by the Reds. The man, believed to be a Liverpool fan from Ireland, is being treated for his injuries at Walton Neurological Centre where his condition is described as critical, Merseyside Police said. Police believe he was attacked with a belt. The 25-year-old and 26-year-old were arrested after police launched an operation to track down the man's attackers amid scenes of violent disorder ahead of Liverpool's clash with Roma.
Liverpool fans MOUNT police vans and light FLARES ahead of Champions League Striking pictures have emerged of fans on top of a Police van and flares being let off before the UEFA Champions League, Semi Final First Leg match at Anfield, Liverpool. 1 / 11 PA Fans on top of a Police van and flares being let off before the UEFA Champions League, Semi Final First Leg match at Anfield
Detective Inspector Paul Speight, said: "We believe the victim was in Liverpool with his brother for the Liverpool v Roma semi-final and was assaulted during an altercation between Roma and Liverpool fans near to the Albert pub at about 7.35pm. "Witnesses report that the victim was hit with a belt and then fell to the ground. "Paramedics treated him at the scene and he was taken by ambulance to Walton Neurological Centre, where he is being treated for a head injury. His condition is currently described as critical and his next of kin have been informed."
GETTY FLARES: Fans before the game welcomed the teams' buses
“Fans from both Liverpool and Roma were involved in isolated pockets of disorder” Chief Superintendent Dave Charnock The Liverpool fan's alleged attackers were among a total of nine men, aged between 20 and 43, who were arrested for various offences before and after the match. The offences included affray, assault, possession of offensive weapons, possession of a controlled drug, criminal damage and being drunk and disorderly. Detectives are also investigating the use of flares outside the ground, the force said.
Chief Superintendent Dave Charnock, said: "The vast majority of the 52,500 fans attending the game were well behaved and went to watch a good game of football. "However, a minority of fans from both Liverpool and Roma were involved in isolated pockets of disorder in the city centre and near to the ground. "During one incident a 53-year-old man, believed to be a Liverpool fan, was assaulted near to the ground during what is believed to have been an altercation between Roma and Liverpool fans." He also said officers were investigating the use of flares as fans gathered to greet the team coach on Arkles Lane before the match.
DS ARRESTED: Two men, from Rome, are being held on suspicion of attempted murder
Mr Charnock said: "A number of those in the crowd that had gathered to greet the Liverpool team coach were in possession of flares and work is ongoing to identify those responsible and to establish if offences have been committed under the Fireworks Regulation Act 2004 or Section 80 of the Explosives Act 1875. "We will be reviewing CCTV footage, our own body worn camera footage and working with the club to identify those involved in any of these incidents so we can put them before the courts. "And I would appeal to anyone who has any information, or mobile phone footage, in relation to any of these incidents to contact us. "Finally, I would like to thank the Liverpool Football Club stewards and the police officers who were out on the ground tonight for their hard work and professionalism throughout the evening."
Liverpool stars arrive at Anfield ahead of Champions League semi-final against Roma LIVERPOOL stars looked focused arriving at Anfield today ahead of their eagerly anticipated Champions League semi-final showdown with Roma tonight. 1 / 12 iCelebTV Mohamed Salah
Debra Paul's recounts of Chronic Lyme as transcribed by Melissa Ruiz
Part II: Cause and Effect.
Hello again, readers! I hope you are all well.
Last week I introduced this series to spread awareness about this awful disease, Lyme disease. This week I will go deeper into the cause and symptoms of the illness.
To recap, Lyme disease is an illness caused by a bite from a tick infected with the bacterium borrelia, specifically Borrelia burgdorferi. There are different types of this specific bacterium in different parts of the world, and the different variations cause different patterns of illness (so the typical case of Lyme disease in the US could be different from in the UK).
Fun fact (or maybe not so fun), Lyme disease gets its name from the small Connecticut town where it was first discovered, a hop, skip, and a jump from our own towns. According to an article from the Delaware Health and Social Services, a woman brought an unusual cluster of pediatric arthritis cases to the attention of Yale researchers in 1975. Two years later, the researchers identified the clusters and called them “Lyme arthritis”. Then two years after that, the name was changed to what we know it as today, when additional symptoms, like neurological problems and severe fatigue were linked to the illness.
The cause of the disease wasn't discovered until 1982 when Dr. Burgdorfer, an international leader in the field of medical entomology at the time, had published a paper on the infectious agent of Lyme, getting his name placed on the spirochete that causes the disease.
The bacteria in question live in the blood of certain animals such as mice, some birds and some other small animals, and is usually harmless in them (as the saying goes, ‘Oh, to be a bird…').
The ticks that spread the disease get the bacteria by feeding on these creatures by latching and sucking their blood. Should one of these infected ticks bite a human, then they become at risk for developing Lyme disease. After a human is bitten, it usually takes about 24-48 hours for the bacteria to pass into their system. If the tick is removed soon after being bitten (within 24 hours), the person is less likely to develop Lyme disease, even if the tick was infected. Unfortunately, these nasty little buggers (puns again) are very small, so it's very easy to have a tick latched onto you without noticing, and many people who develop Lyme don't even remember being bitten in the first place. Nice, huh?
Once the bacteria is passed into the skin, they multiply and travel into the bloodstream and then to other parts of the body (mainly the skin, joints, nerves and heart) to raise all sorts of Hell.
The symptoms and effects of the illness are divided into three different stages:
The classic sign of Lyme is a rash called erythema migrans, better known as the “bullseye rash”. The rash typically starts out as a single, circular red mark where the bite first occurred that spreads slowly outward over several days. The rash is usually not painful or itchy, and may even go unnoticed if the bite had happened on your back, and certain species of the bacterium don't even cause the rash in the first place. And just because the rash fades, it unfortunately doesn't mean the infection has faded along with it.
Flu-like symptoms usually occur in about a third of cases, which include fatigue, aches and pains, headache, fever, chills and neck stiffness. Often times, these symptoms are mild and go away within a few days, even without any treatment. In some cases, if the infection is present, the body's immune system will keep it from progressing further. However, in other less fortunate cases, the disease can progress to stage two.
Stage two Lyme, or Early Disseminated Lyme's symptoms can include joint problems in one or more joints, but most commonly the knee joint. The severity of these issues can range from episodes of mild pains, to severe arthritis. The episodes typically last around three months.
Some infected people will develop inflammation of the nerves, particularly around the face, causing the nerves to stop working and may cause drooping in the side of the face. Furthermore, inflammation of the tissues around the brain and of the brain itself (meningitis and encephalitis, respectively) can occur (as if it wasn't bad enough, right?).
Some people may develop myocarditis, or inflammation of the heart and other cardiac issues. This can cause symptoms like dizziness, breathlessness, chest pain and palpitations.
Several areas of the skin can develop rash elsewhere from where the tick bite occurred. These “secondary” rashes are usually smaller than the original rash, and tend to fade within three to four weeks. Occasionally, blue-red nodules called lympocytomas may form on the skin.
Then on to stage three: Late Lyme disease, which can develop months to years after the tick bite occurred, and can even develop after a time of not having any symptoms (like a thief in the night).
This later stage comes with symptoms including ongoing arthritis, mental impairments such as confusion, problems with memory and concentration, mood changes, balance problems/vertigo, and occasionally schizophrenic-like illness, loss of sensation in fingers and toes, and skin changes.
Now all of these stages are terrible, but stay seated, because it gets worse.
Post-Treatment Lyme Disease (PTLD) or Chronic Lyme Disease refers to symptoms that do not settle down, even after going through treatments for the disease. Enter your Publisher, stage left. According to LymeDisease.org, Chronic Lyme patients suffer from a worse quality of life than compared to most other chronic illnesses, including Multiple Sclerosis and Congestive Heart Failure. In a survey done by Lymedisease.org, over 40 percent of patients with Chronic Lyme report that they are unable to work.
I could be (and by all rights, should be) one of these people. The disease has taken so much out of me, but I continue to fight, day after day, for the people of my communities.
One day I will take it easy, one day I will heal, but until then, I fight the good fight, and take this opportunity to hopefully educate some of you and make a difference in your lives.
Until next time, be well!
Debra Paul is the publisher of three weekly newspapers in New Hampshire.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
At a joint news conference with the EU top diplomat Federica Mogherini, Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu expressed his hope that “all or most” of the European states would move their embassies to Jerusalem, recognising it as the capital of Israel.
“Jerusalem has been the capital of Israel for the last 70 years. [US] President [Donald] Trump has put facts squarely on the table,” he said. “Peace is based on reality, peace is based on recognising the reality.”
He claimed that recognising Jerusalem as the capital of Israel was making “peace possible”, despite the fact that Palestinians see East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state.
“Israel has extended its hand to peace to our Palestinian neighbours for a hundred years, well before there was a state of Israel and after it was established,” he also said.
He also called UN's rejection of Jerusalem as an Israeli capital “laughable”.
He was due to meet the EU ministers later in the day.
Shortly after the declaration of the recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, Netanyahu made a statement in English, claiming a “historic” moment in history.
This is a historic day. Jerusalem has been the capital of Israel for nearly 70 years. Jerusalem has been the focus of our hopes, our dreams, our prayers for three millennia. Jerusalem has been the capital of the Jewish people for 3,000 years. Thank you, @realDonaldTrump! 🇮🇱🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/mWCUpUMpiC — Benjamin Netanyahu (@netanyahu) December 6, 2017
Nicole Kidman joked at a tribute to Richard Plepler at the American Songbook gala that she was giving the HBO CEO a gift — her husband, Keith Urban.
Urban performed, along with Tony Bennett, Jimmy Buffett and Plepler's daughter, Eden, 14, who stole the show with “Fly Me to the Moon” backed by a band led by Paul Shaffer.
John Oliver kidded that he was contractually obliged to attend, but thanked Plepler for the creative freedom on his show, “Last Week Tonight.”
Also at the power night: David Geffen, Caroline Kennedy, Anna Wintour, Lorne Michaels, Michael Bloomberg, Bradley Cooper, Ronald Perelman and more.
Mountain rescue teams are searching for a couple and their dog missing in the Cairngorms.
The man and woman, aged 60 and 57, were reported missing on Sunday when they failed to return from a walk but overnight searches failed to find them amid snow and freezing temperatures in the region.
Police Scotland said they had been staying in the Glenmore area and set off at around 10am on New Year's Day with their black collie dog.
Officers were called when they failed to return in the evening and a search was launched.
The man is believed to be wearing a red jacket and the woman has a turquoise coat.
Cairngorm Mountain Rescue Team (CMRT) said a full-scale search is taking place on Monday with an RAF mountain rescue team and a coastguard helicopter involved.
A police spokesman said: "Officers are seeking assistance from the public to trace a couple who have been reported missing in the Cairngorms national park area.
"Police were called when they failed to return as expected in the evening. A search was carried out last night by search and rescue teams and a helicopter but the couple were not traced.
"This morning a search and rescue helicopter plus members of the Cairngorm Mountain Rescue Team and RAF Search and Rescue Team will be out in the area looking for the pair.
"The man was believed to be wearing a red jacket and the woman was wearing a turquoise jacket. They both had rucksacks and were out walking with a black collie dog.
"If anyone was out walking in the area yesterday and saw them they are asked to contact Police Scotland on 101 with any information they have."
The rescue team posted on Twitter: "CMRT to commence full scale search of Cairngorm Plateau for missing couple and dog. Overnight search failed to find them.
"CMRT being joined on search by Coastguard Aircraft 951 and RAF MRT."
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Real Madrid on Wednesday (Jul 4) denied media reports they have made a bid for Paris Saint-Germain's teenage striker Kylian Mbappe, who is emerging as one of the biggest stars of the Russia World Cup.
Social media user Baptiste Ripart, who identifies himself as a journalist and editor, said in a Twitter posting that the Spanish Champions League holders had agreed a world-record 272 million euro (239.75 million pounds) fee for the French 19-year-old.
Advertisement
Real Madrid issued their denial after Spanish sports dailies Marca and AS ran articles citing the posting.
"Given the information published ... regarding an alleged agreement between Real Madrid and PSG for the player Kylian Mbappe, Real Madrid would like to state that it is completely false," the club said in a statement on their website.
"Real Madrid has not made any offer to PSG or the player and condemns the spreading of this type of information."
With speculation rife that world player of the year Cristiano Ronaldo will soon leave Real, the Madrid club also on Monday denied a report that they had offered 310 million euros for Mbappe's Brazilian PSG strike partner Neymar.
Advertisement
Advertisement
PSG signed Mbappe on an initial year-long loan deal from AS Monaco last year with an option to buy after one season. That deal was reported to be worth 180 million euros.
Mbappe has so far scored three World Cup goals, including two in France 4-3 round-of-16 victory over Argentina. France face Uruguay in a quarter-final in Nizhny Novgorod on Friday.
(Reporting by Arjun Panchadar in Bengaluru)
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Amazon says an "unlikely" string of events prompted its Echo personal assistant device to record a Portland, Oregon, family's private conversation and then send the recording to an acquaintance in Seattle.
Amazon says an "unlikely" string of events prompted its Echo personal assistant device to record a Portland, Oregon, family's private conversation and then send the recording to an acquaintance in Seattle.
Las Vegas police released more records compiled during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Las Vegas police released more records compiled during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
South Carolina mom who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped is charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, a day after infant was found dead in a diaper box.
South Carolina mom who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped is charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, a day after infant was found dead in a diaper box.
(Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office via AP). This May 29, 2018 photo made available by the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office, S.C., shows Breanna Lewis under arrest. The mother, who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped on Tuesday, May 29, ...
(Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office via AP). This May 29, 2018 photo made available by the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office, S.C., shows Breanna Lewis under arrest. The mother, who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped on Tuesday, May 29, ...
New law enforcement video shows officers tackling and punching a man in an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
New law enforcement video shows officers tackling and punching a man in an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
By LARRY NEUMEISTER and TOM HAYS
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Lawyers for President Donald Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen, failed to win more time Wednesday to analyze millions of files seized by the FBI, but they did get one thing they wanted: Their TV tormentor, Stormy Daniels' attorney, withdrew a request to get a formal role in the case.
A federal judge refereeing an ongoing legal tussle about which documents should be withheld from investigators because of attorney-client privilege gave lawyers for Trump and Cohen until June 15 to finish reviewing 3.7 million paper and electronic files seized from Cohen in the April raids.
The deadline for them to identify documents they believe are confidential was set over the objection of Cohen's lawyer, Todd Harrison.
"We're working around-the-clock," he told U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood, saying that even with a team of 15 lawyers "moving heaven and earth," they had only finished reviewing 1.3 million files so far and didn't expect to finish until mid-July.
"I don't know if we can make that," another Cohen lawyer, Stephen Ryan, said of the June 15 deadline.
Wood was unmoved, but she made comments in court that may have prompted Daniels' lawyer, Michael Avenatti, to withdraw a request to get a formal role in the legal negotiations.
Avenatti had applied to intervene in the case so he could ensure that any confidential records or recordings related to Daniels that were in Cohen's possession weren't improperly disclosed.
Much of Wednesday's hearing was consumed by spirited arguments about Avenatti's numerous public attacks on Cohen, mostly through live cable TV appearances. Cohen's lawyers have protested that the barrage was improper.
Wood told Avenatti that while he is free to speak his mind now, he would have to end his "publicity tour" and attacks on Cohen if he became part of the case. Lawyers practicing in the federal court in Manhattan must follow local rules barring statements that might taint prospective jurors.
"That means that you would have to stop doing some things you have been doing. If you participate here, you would not be able to declare your opinion as to Mr. Cohen's guilt, which you did; you would not be able to give publicity to documents that are not public. It would change your conduct," Wood said. "I don't want you to have some existence in a limbo, where you are free to denigrate Mr. Cohen and I believe potentially deprive him of a fair trial by tainting a jury pool."
Shortly after the court hearing, Avenatti withdrew his application, but not before appearing TV cameras outside again and assailing Cohen and his legal team once more.
Among other things, Avenatti has accused Cohen's lawyers of giving a journalist an audio recording of a conversation between Daniels' former lawyer and Cohen.
Ryan denied that Cohen's lawyers gave recordings to a reporter, but said if his firm had, "it would be the biggest story in America."
He, in turn, told the judge Avenatti should be questioned about how he acquired certain bank records related to Cohen's business dealings that he recently made public. Ryan suggested prosecutors were behind it, saying they and Avenatti had become "strange bedfellows."
"There's a very strange thing going on," he said.
Daniels got a $130,000 payment from Cohen before the election in exchange for not speaking about an alleged sexual encounter with the president. Daniels has said she had sex once with Trump, in 2006. Trump denies it. Daniels was not in court Wednesday.
Speaking to reporters after the court hearing, Avenatti said Ryan's reference to the existence of audio tapes was a major revelation, and that he was certain some of those tapes relate to Daniels.
"As a result of our efforts, there was a shocking admission that was made in court today, namely, that just like the Nixon tapes, we now have what I will refer to as the Trump tapes," he said.
He called for the "release of all those audio recordings to the American people and to Congress so that they can be heard by all." Then, he added, "people can make their own determination as to their importance as it relates to the president, what he knew and when he knew it, and what he did as it relates to conspiring with Michael Cohen to commit one or more potential crimes."
Special Master Barbara Jones said in a letter Tuesday that lawyers for Cohen, Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to attorney-client privilege. She said the material includes data from a video recorder.
Judge Wood said if Trump and Cohen's lawyers don't finish reviewing material by June 15, the task of performing the attorney-client review will be handled by a special "taint team" of prosecutors walled off from those involved in the criminal probe.
Of the material seized from Cohen's home, hotel and office in April, only two old Blackberry phones and the contents of a shredder have yet to be turned over to Cohen's lawyers, prosecutors said.
The files, mostly from phones and electronic storage devices, were seized April 9 in raids on Cohen's Manhattan home and office. The raids initially drew an outcry from Trump, who claimed an attack on attorney-client privilege.
The raids on Cohen were triggered in part by a referral from special counsel Robert Mueller, who separately is looking into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Wood became involved after Cohen came to court, complaining that he feared attorney-client privilege would not be protected.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Paschal Donohoe is to be named Ireland's finance minister on Wednesday by new Prime Minister Leo Varadkar but will also remain minister for public expenditure, a government source told Reuters.
DUBLIN: Paschal Donohoe is to be named Ireland's finance minister on Wednesday by new Prime Minister Leo Varadkar but will also remain minister for public expenditure, a government source told Reuters.
Donohoe, 42, will replace Michael Noonan, one of the longest-serving members of the euro zone's group of finance ministers, who announced last month that he would step down.
Donohoe has managed budgetary policy with Noonan for the last year and was previously transport minister, during which he successfully negotiated the sale of the state's 30 percent stake in former flag carrier Aer Lingus to IAG.
(Reporting by Conor Humphries; editing by Mark Heinrich)
× Expand school bus kids
LITCHFIELD — Illinois State Police District 18 Commander Capt. Timothy Tyler on Monday reminded motorists that schools will soon open their doors and begin the new school year. The start of the school year means an increase in pedestrian and vehicular traffic around schools.
Motorists need to be watchful for children walking and riding their bike to school and children darting out from between parked cars. Motorists also need to be on the lookout for slowing and stopped school buses. As parents drop off their children before school and pick them up after school, there will also be an increase in vehicle traffic during the morning and evening commute. Extra travel time should be planned to allow for the increase in traffic.
Motorists are reminded to watch their speed in school zones and limit their distractions. The speed limit in school zones is 20 miles per hour and is in effect from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. when children are present. Motorists are reminded that it is illegal to text while driving and all cellphone use must be hands-free.
Motorists approaching a stopped school bus with lights activated and sign extended must stop their vehicle before reaching the school bus. Failure to do so can result in a $150 fine and the suspension of the violator's driver's license for three months. Police also ask motorists to remember pedestrians have the right-of-way in a crosswalk.
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
DUBLIN: The birth certificates of 126 children adopted in Ireland between 1946 and 1969 were doctored to show their new families as their biological parents, the government admitted on Wednesday (May 30).
The births were illegally registered after the children were placed with new families by adoption agency St Patrick's Guild, according to Tusla, the country's child and family agency.
Advertisement
Tusla discovered the doctored documents after it checked 13,500 files transferred to them by St Patrick's Guild in 2016, six years after it shut.
Minister for Children Katherine Zappone said the people affected may be "entirely unaware of the true circumstances of their birth".
The youngest person affected is 49, while the oldest is 72. They will be contacted by the authorities, officials said.
Fearing that the scandal could go much further, the authorities have announced a more comprehensive review involving other associations and covering some 150,000 cases.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We have known about the practice of incorrect registrations for many years, but it has been extremely difficult to identify and prove in individual cases because of the deliberate failure of those involved to keep records," said Zappone.
In recent years, traditionally Roman Catholic Ireland has had to confront a series of historical scandals around women being forced to put up for adoption children born outside marriage.
At a press conference on Wednesday, Prime Minister Leo Varadkar defended the decision to shed light on the cases so long after the events took place.
"We feel we have to share that information with the people who were affected," he said.
"It's going to be really difficult for those parents who did bring up those people. They are going to have a very difficult conversation with the children they brought up."
In a historic referendum on Friday, Ireland voted by 66 percent to lift its constitutional ban on abortions.
Around 170,000 Irish women are thought to have gone to neighbouring Britain for terminations since the ban was introduced in 1983.
"We are opening what is another chapter from the very dark history in our country, but we are a different country now and I think the results from the referendum at the weekend show that," said Varadkar.
BEIJING: China's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday warned Washington against challenging its sovereignty, responding to reports the United States was planning fresh naval patrols in the disputed South China Sea.
On Sunday, the Navy Times reported that U.S. Navy and Pacific Command leaders were considering freedom of navigation patrols in the busy waterway by the San Diego-based Carl Vinson carrier strike group, citing unnamed defence officials.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said tension in the South China Sea had stabilised due to the hard work between China and Southeast Asia countries, and urged foreign nations including the U.S. to respect this.
"We urge the U.S. not to take any actions that challenge China's sovereignty and security," Geng told a regular news briefing on Wednesday.
The United States last conducted freedom of navigation operation in the area in October, when it sailed the guided-missile destroyer USS Decatur near the Paracel Islands and within waters claimed by China.
Dave Bennett, a spokesman for Carrier Strike Group One, said it did not discuss future operations of its units.
"The Carl Vinson Strike Group is on a regularly scheduled Western Pacific deployment as part of the U.S. Pacific Fleet-led initiative to extend the command and control functions of the U.S. 3rd Fleet," he said.
"U.S. Navy aircraft carrier strike groups have patrolled the Indo-Asia-Pacific regularly and routinely for more than 70 years," he said.
China lays claim to almost all of the resource-rich South China Sea, through which about US$5 trillion worth of trade passes each year.
Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also claim parts of the waters that command strategic sea lanes and have rich fishing grounds, along with oil and gas deposits.
The United States has criticised Beijing's construction of man-made islands and build-up of military facilities in the sea, and expressed concern they could be used to restrict free movement.
(Reporting by Philip Wen in Beijing; Additional reporting by Matthew Tostevin in Bangkok; Editing by Ben Blanchard and Clarence Fernandez)
Barcelona tied down captain Andres Iniesta for the rest of his career as the club announced on Friday the 33-year-old midfielder has agreed the first "lifetime contract" in Barça's history."It is a way of rewarding an exceptional player," said Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu.Iniesta insisted, though, that he has not planned any future role with the club beyond his playing career."The lifetime title doesn't mean that I will remain here just for the sake of it. It isn't my way of doing things," said Iniesta."When I don't have the same force or importance I have always had things can always change."Today I am hugely grateful for the confidence the club has shown in me."Along with five-time World Player of the Year Lionel Messi, Iniesta is Barça's most decorated player of all-time having won 30 trophies at club level, including eight La Liga and four Champions League titles.Iniesta has also made the second highest number of appearances in a Barça shirt behind Xavi Hernandez with 639 since his debut 15 years ago."There is no other player in the club like him. He will be a reference for future generations," added Bartomeu."I always say to the kids in the academy, to fixate on him as a player and a person."Born in the central Spanish region of Castilla-La Mancha before joining Barça at the age of 12, Iniesta is a beloved figure across Spain as he scored the winning goal in the 2010 World Cup final.Normally determined to shy away from the spotlight, Iniesta repeated his call for cool heads and negotiation to prevent a spiralling political crisis over the battle for Catalan independence deepening.Hundreds required medical attention on Sunday as voters in a referendum on independence, deemed illegal by Spain's central government, clashed with police."One always tries to look at things with logic and sense. We hope that everything calms down," he said.However, Iniesta will not be present as Spain look to book their place in next year's World Cup later on Friday against Alicante in Albania as he has pulled out with a hamstring strain.Iniesta has previously tended to do his talking on the field as a fundamental figure in Barça's most successful ever era.Alongside long-time midfield partner Xavi for both club and country, Iniesta formed the axis of Pep Guardiola's legendary side that won 14 trophies in four years between 2008 and 2012.His previous contract was due to expire at the end of the season and doubts over his future were raised when he refuted Bartomeu's claims that a deal "in principle" was in place last month.However, he refused to rule out retiring at the end of the season should he continue to be dogged by injury."I will be here as long as my body, mind and all I have to give is enough," he added."Right now it is difficult to imagine what I will think in May or June."Tying down Iniesta eases some of the pressure building on Bartomeu for his handling of both sporting and institutional matters in recent months.However, Bartomeu is still to convince Messi, who is also out of contract at the end of the season, to sign a new five-year deal agreed back in July."The club want Leo to stay here and he wants to stay," said Iniesta."Hopefully, this story never ends because he is unique and is indispensable for success."
Britney Spears may want to reconsider her hot and heavy romance with Sam Asghari, at least according to a source skeptical of the model's sketchy motives.
“Sam is only dating Britney to raise his profile,” insisted the insider, claiming that the 22-year-old trainer used the same tricks with at least one ex-girlfriend, Cuban-born singer Mayra Veronica.
“He met Mayra by starring in her music video, too,” the source noted. “He craves the spotlight and is happy to use anyone who'll help him get it.”
“Sam is only out to make a name for himself,” the source added. “Britney should be careful.”
“Britney should be careful.”
PHOTOS: Overprotected! Britney Spears' Dad ‘Hates' Her New Model Boyfriend!
As Radar reported, Spears' protective father, Jamie, is so worried about Asgahari that he hired a team of eight private detectives to dig into his past, said an insider.
“He met Mayra by starring in her music video, too,” the source noted. “He craves the spotlight and is happy to use anyone who'll help him get it.”
“Sam is only out to make a name for himself,” the source added. “Britney should be careful.”
As Radar reported, Spears' protective father, Jamie, is so worried about Asgahari that he hired a team of eight private detectives to dig into his past, said an insider.
PHOTOS: Britney Spears' New Man EXPOSED! Inside His Shocking High School Secret
If he ever learns of anything he considers damaging, said the (insider) of Jamie, who still officially has control of the 35-year-old's finances following her very public meltdown ten years ago, “He'll force Sam out of her life” once and for all.
For more of Britney's juiciest secrets and scandals, tune into National Enquirer Investigates, April 19 at 10 ET/9 PT on REELZ!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
GTA 5 Online fans have just been handed some HUGE news about the "many exciting new additions" coming to the game in the coming months.
First and foremost Rockstar has revealed the "next evolution of Stunt Racing" in the form of a new mode called Transform Races.
This will supposedly mix land, sea and air vehicles for instant transitions over courses that span Los Santos' streets, harbors, and skies.
"These new and unique stunt tracks will allow for transitions that run the gamut of vehicle types - from Supers and Off-Roaders, to Boats, Jet Skies, Planes and Helicopters - and will even include skydiving portions," Rockstar explains.
We've been informed that Transform Races will launch later this month, with respective additions made to the Race Creator slated for later this year.
However Rockstar also have plans further afield, including two new Modes.
The first, Condemned, where one player remains the target kill until they kill an opponent to pass along their marked status. and Dogfight, an aerial battle to the death.
There's also Dogfight, an aerial battle to the death which will no doubt make the most of the recent DLC released for Smugglers Run.
Finally there will also be new vehicle additions coming this Fall included the Hunter attack helicopter, Coil Cyclone supercar and Vigilante, which is basically the Batmobile.
There's also plans for inventory updates at Legendary Motorsport, and new properties via Maze Bank Foreclosures.
Share:
LONDON - British MPs probing sexual abuse in the international charitable sector are investigating an unpublished UN report from 2001 naming 15 major aid organisations implicated in a "sex-for-food" scandal, The Times newspaper reported on Tuesday.
The charities were listed in a probe by UN and Save the Children officials who collected testimony from children in West Africa that aid workers had traded food for sex, according to the newspaper.
The Times obtained a copy of the 84-page report which is now also in the hands of lawmakers. The UN released a summary of the investigation in 2002 but the full report naming the agencies was never made public. It has now been passed to the British parliament's international development committee, the newspaper said. MPs are probing the aid sector following revelations earlier this year of a prostitution scandal in Haiti involving staff from British charity Oxfam.
The report had found dozens of workers for more than 40 NGOs - including 15 international organisations - were "alleged to be in sexually exploitative relationships with refugee children", according to The Times.
The list of implicated personnel were from UN agencies and other organisations in the sector, such as the International Rescue Committee (IRC) and Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC), it reported.
The IRC "released local workers whose involvement was confirmed" and initiated reforms "addressing and preventing sexual harassment, exploitation and abuse", it said in a statement.
The NRC had taken the report "very seriously" and followed up with its own probe "resulting in the firing of one national staff member in Sierra Leone", it said.
The investigating researchers found aid workers in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia were "among the prime sexual exploiters of refugee children", trading food, oil, access to education and plastic sheeting for sex. They reported the allegations could not be fully verified and required further investigation.
"The number of allegations documented, however, is a critical indicator of the scale of the problem," the researchers reportedly warned.
Ruud Lubbers, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees from 2001 to 2005, at the time rejected the possibility of child sexual abuse by members of his own staff as "gossip."
However the UNHCR wrote to all the organisations referenced in the report, detailing the unproven allegations, and sent investigators from UN headquarters.
They identified 43 separate abuse accusations in the region, which had led it to initiate "specific preventive and remedial actions", The Times said.
However, of 67 people who were referred to UNHCR officials in "confidential lists", fewer than 10 were dismissed and none was prosecuted, the paper added.
SEOUL: North Korea's foreign ministry said on Wednesday it rejected a U.N. Security Council statement denouncing its latest missile launch test.
The North's state-run KCNA news agency cited a spokesman at the ministry as saying the Sunday launch was a sovereign right and a self-defence measure.
(Reporting by Ju-min Park; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Prosecutors want to make sure a former Broken Arrow school teacher serves time for preying on some of his students.
A judge found Ronald Lyons guilty of drug charges and having lewd photographs back in 1987 and sentenced him to nine years in prison.
But Lyons took off and remained on the run until two months ago when he suddenly surrendered.
12/29/2017 Related Story: Oklahoma Fugitive Turns Himself In After 30 Years On The Run
Back then, people were allowed to have bond while they appealed their case which is what allowed Ronald Lyons to take off and avoid prison. He will be re-sentenced next month and prosecutors want to make sure he serves the nine-year sentence he received 30 years ago, nothing less.
In a sentencing brief, a prosecutor said Lyons groomed young girls who were his students, that he made them feel like he cared about them, but used them for his sexual gratification.
They said he started a relationship with a troubled 15-year-old student and had nude photos of her. She refused to testify.
They said after a school dance, Lyons took another 15-year-old student to a motel room where he gave her drugs, they had sex and he took nude photos of her.
She told detectives they did that several times. Officers said they found a nude picture of that girl hanging on Lyons' bedroom wall.
That girl changed her story a year later and said the two were in love and hoped to marry one day.
Police said when they questioned a third girl about Lyons, she committed suicide. She was only a sophomore.
There was also a lawsuit filed involving yet another girl who said Lyons molested her.
Lyons testified he cared deeply for his students but girls often came on to him.
He also testified the search of his home was illegal. Police said they found 30 pot plants in Lyons' basement along with some cocaine and a photo album that contained 160 pornographic pictures.
The prosecutor wrote in her brief that Lyons' request for probation or any kind of leniency is offensive.
It appears that Suicide Squad 2 is a major continuing franchise for Warner Bros., despite reports stating otherwise. Though the first movie was a critical failure, it was a box office smash, earning over $740 million at the worldwide box office. Talks of a sequel began almost immediately after the release of the first movie and it was announced that the sequel was in development last year. DC Films has been in a bit of controversy after Justice League crashed and burned, but it appears that Suicide Squad 2 is a "big priority" for the studio, according to actor Joel Kinnaman.
Joel Kinnaman played Colonel Rick Flag in the first installment and he's currently out promoting Netflix's Altered Carbon and talk of Suicide Squad 2 came up in a few of his press stops. When asked about the movie, Kinnaman said that Warner Bros. is currently working on it and that it's a big deal for the studio. He had this to say.
"I just know that they are working intensely on it. I know it's a big priority at Warner Bros., but it's an equally big priority to get it right. We all felt that we had lightning in a bottle, in a way, and it partly got away from us, a little bit. It's really important to harness everything that was great about it, and then fix what didn't really work. So, I know they're working on it, and we'll see. I'm very excited to read something, but I don't have any new information."
Joel Kinnaman is going out of his way to say that the movie is still being worked on, which is good news for fans who are looking forward to Suicide Squad 2. However, he didn't have anything else to say about the movie starting production.
As of this writing, Suicide Squad 2 is expected to come out in 2019, if everything goes according to plan. In another recent interview, Joel Kinnaman mentioned that the sequel will be more grounded than its predecessor. The actor points out that there was too much "sorcery" in the first movie. He explains.
"I think the characters are so extreme, so I think it could be more effective if we were seeing them with maybe less sorcery. I think that the characters become more extreme if you see them in conjunction with more real people."
According to reports from late last year, Suicide Squad 2 is expected to shoot in the fall of this year with the original cast returning, including Jared Leto and Margot Robbie. However, when both actors were asked about the sequel in separate interviews, they both claimed to have zero information about the movie. It is widely believed that out of all of the Harley Quinn projects that are currently in various stages of development, that Suicide Squad 2 will be the next time that we see the now iconic villain on the big screen.
Joel Kinnaman's comments about Suicide Squad 2 are certainly promising since there has not been any official news surrounding the project released in quite a while. A production start date in the fall is still possible with a 2019 release date probable, especially if Kinnaman's words are to be believed. A recent report suggests that Warner Bros. was already looking ahead to the future, even before Justice League hit theaters. You can read more of the interview with Joel Kinnaman over at Collider.
The second temporary exemption for Canada from steep new tariffs imposed by the United States on steel and aluminum imports expires on Friday and officials are facing down the ticking clock to find a solution.
Just like last time, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland is hinting Canada will retaliate if U.S. President Donald Trump does not renew the exemptions granted first in March, then again last month, which prevented new tariffs of 25 per cent and 10 per cent from hitting Canadian steel and aluminum producers who export their goods to the United States.
READ MORE: Chrystia Freeland headed to Washington for two-day visit as NAFTA negotiations drag on
Attempts to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) are ongoing and it is not clear when a deal will be reached.
According to a report in the Hill Times, a political goings-on newspaper, negotiators had a deal in hand earlier this year but when they presented the preliminary agreement to Trump, the president nixed it and sent negotiators back to the table with a new set of goals.
Trump has suggested an exemption to the tariffs is tied to securing a NAFTA deal of his liking.
Trump is also now threatening to impose steep new tariffs on imported cars in an attempt to get Canada and Mexico to cave to his demands, and has directed U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to launch an investigation into whether auto imports pose a national security threat.
WATCH BELOW: Possible U.S. auto tariffs are based on flimsy logic, Trudeau says
But on Tuesday, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau downplayed the threats as a “negotiating tactic” and said Canada would not be pressured into a bad deal.
“No NAFTA is better than a bad deal, and we've made that very clear to the president,” Trudeau said in an interview on Tuesday with Bloomberg. “We are not going to move ahead just for the sake of moving ahead.”
Trudeau reportedly tried to talk to Trump on Tuesday night about the looming tariffs but instead got a phone call with Vice President Mike Pence.
WATCH BELOW: Freeland vague on if steel exemptions will continue for Canada
Freeland was also in Washington on Tuesday for a visit expected to last through Wednesday.
However, she cut the visit short and returned to Ottawa on Wednesday morning.
Speaking with reporters shortly after her return, Freeland said it would be “absurd” to view auto imports from Canada as a national security threat.
She also said she spoke with U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer for two hours on Tuesday about NAFTA and stressed the government views discussions around proposed tariffs and NAFTA as distinct.
“The engagement is very intense,” Freeland said.
She also warned again that Canada will respond in kind if tariffs are implemented.
WATCH BELOW: Chrystia Freeland responds to Trump's criticism of Canada in NAFTA
Time pressure is adding to the complex situations.
Mexico will hold a presidential election on July 1 that could bring to power a new government and new negotiating priorities.
The United States is also gearing up for mid-term elections this fall.
Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan initially had set a deadline of May 17 for a new NAFTA deal to be able to get Congressional approval this year.
When that deadline was not met, he then suggested negotiators would have another week or two to reach a deal and get it through Congress.
CEBU City Councilor Jerry Guardo will be spearheading a program that aims to make the city a prime venue for sports tourism.
Targeted to start in the last quarter of the year, the Cebu City Sports Tourism will feature various sports events which will be held in different places in Cebu City.
“Part of our goal is to discover potential talents in different sporting fields,” said Guardo in a press conference Tuesday noon at Pino Restaurant.
ADVERTISEMENT
Mountainbike, basketball, volleyball, chess, dancesport and mixed martial arts are among the different sports that will be showcased in the program.
Centurion: Having suffered a huge setback due to regular skipper Faf du Plessis' injury, the Cricket South Africa on Saturday named 23-year-old batsman Aiden Markram as skipper for the remainder of the five-match ODI series against India.
Du Plessis fractured his right index finger during the first ODI in Durban that India won by six wickets despite his century.
Markram has only featured in two ODIs so far, making his debut against Bangladesh in October 2017. He has also played 6 Tests.
He led South Africa to Under-19 World Cup triumph in 2014 and has been widely regarded as a future captain. However, Du Plessis' unfortunate injury prompted selectors to fast-track Markram to the hot-seat.
"It wasn't a hard decision. Rather, it was an easy decision. If AB de Villiers was around, and other senior players as well, we would have probably looked at different options," said Linda Zondi, convenor and head of the Cricket South Africa selection panel.
"But at the moment, with both our former captains not around, it was an ideal opportunity for us that here is Markram, lets see what he can offer. We are confident. He wants to do it as well. It just gives us an opportunity to open it up and see what he can offer," Zondi added.
"We are aware that Markram is new to our set-up. Part of our Vision 2019 plan is to build a pool of leaders within the set-up. I think Markram has always been in our plans since he was Under-19 captain, leading up to South Africa A, and now joining the Proteas," the convenor further added.
He admitted that Markram will be under a lot of pressure.
"It has been a journey. Yes there will be pressure in terms of understanding his role and also being able to perform as a player. For us, we want to see if he can handle pressure because part of leadership is to be able to adjust and perform under pressure. We hope he has the right skill and the right capability to do so," he added.
There has been no announcement on the captain for the ensuing three T20 series though. Du Plessis is ruled out for that contest as well.
"At the moment, we don't want to make any commitment. I think our primary focus for now is this ODI series. We do have a captain in Faf. Markram is going to be stand-in captain for the remaining ODIs," Zondi concluded.
In a 91-page decision, Judge James Boasberg wrote “the Court agrees that [the Corps] did not adequately consider the impacts of an oil spill on fishing rights, hunting rights, or environmental justice, or the degree to which the pipeline's effects are likely to be highly controversial.” The Court did not determine whether pipeline operations should be shut off, and has requested additional briefing on the subject and a status conference next week.
“This is a major victory for the Tribe and we commend the courts for upholding the law and doing the right thing,” said Standing Rock Sioux Chairman Dave Archambault II in a recent statement. “The previous administration painstakingly considered the impacts of this pipeline and President Trump hastily dismissed these careful environmental considerations in favor of political and personal interests. We applaud the courts for protecting our laws and regulations from undue political influence, and will ask the Court to shut down pipeline operations immediately. ”
WOLFSBURG, Germany (Reuters) - Volkswagen expects cash outflows of 4-5 billion euros ($4.7-5.9 billion) next year in relation to the dieselgate emissions cheating scandal, the carmaker's Chief Financial Officer Frank Witter told journalists on Monday. A Volkswagen logo is pictured at the International Auto Show in Mexico City, Mexico November 23, 2017. REUTERS/Henry Romero“I am not at all relaxed with regard to the diesel issue,” Witter said. The figure is below the up to 17 billion euros in outflows expected this year. Dieselgate has so far cost the company more than 25 billion euros and contributed to a strategy shift in the sector towards electric vehicles, with most manufacturers having announced far-reaching investment packages. ($1 = 0.8482 euros)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Willian is on Barcelona's summer shopping list and he's said to be desperate to get out of Stamford Bridge.
The Brazilian wants to play alongside Lionel Messi and knows this summer could represent his last chance to fulfil that dream.
Barcelona have scouted the 29-year-old at the World Cup, with a senior figure from the club jetting to Russia to watch Brazil's last 16 match against Mexico.
And while he's been busy playing for Brazil in the tournament, Willian has instructed his agent Joorabchian to thrash out a deal that will take him to the Nou Camp in time for next season.
“What do you want to do?”
“I don't know. What do you want to do?”
This is not the opening exchange at an Indecisives Anonymous meeting. (I've never actually been to one, I can't decide if I should go.) This stimulating conversation is the exchange that begins date night with my husband.
A long time ago, in the land of skinny jeans and carbs, my husband and I could ponder the, “What do you want to do tonight?” question for hours and still come up with something fun to do and have a great time doing it. Since we've become parents, this question has a pressure for which I was unprepared. We've got to figure out what to do with our precious date night time right now. We must connect! We must have fun! We must make our Golden Time remarkable!
These days, my brain is too overworked from answering tough questions like which brand of kids' fruit snacks is less deadly, and will our toddler's Spider-Man costume turn him into a spider. For date nights, I'd like to suggest a romantic evening of staring at the wall, but I know my husband and I need time to connect, so I'm not sure that's going to suffice. The best plan my tired noggin can think up is dinner and movie. Admittedly, this is not very creative or exciting. Unless it's a movie with Chris Pine, then it's very exciting! (My husband loves Chris Pine.)
Dinner and a movie gets us out together, but oftentimes we find ourselves rushing through the dinner portion of the evening only to find me falling asleep through the movie portion of the evening. It feels hurried and forced. I only have a limited amount of time to prove to my husband that I'm still that fun gal he married – that I can totally stay up past 9:30, laugh at his jokes, and use words like “gal” easily in a sentence. I'm scoring very high on using words like “gal” in sentences, but I keep falling asleep in the middle of his jokes. Our Golden Time in not very golden.
I want to feel like my husband and I have left our date nights like we used to before we were parents – full of each other, the kind of happy-full I feel like after I've eaten that ridiculously enormous chocolate cake from Claim Jumper (don't ask me to share). Mostly, though, I leave our time together feeling hungry like I've eaten my toddler's portion of vegetables (ask me to share). I want more him. I want more us. I want more chocolate cake.
In an effort to help us connect more, I started trying to come up with different ideas for our date nights. Maybe the dinner and a movie thing just wasn't conducive to connection. We tried staying home and catching up on TV like we used to. We tried going out for long dinners with no other plans like we used to. We tried heading out the door with no specific itinerary except maybe to get dessert like we used to. None of these helped me feel more in tune with him. Now that we were parents, was this just the new norm – me falling asleep face down in our appetizer in the middle of his punch lines? Had we changed that much?
I've definitely changed, and it isn't just my wardrobe. Yes, elastic pants have replaced tight-fitting jeans and 9:30 PM is my new midnight, but I feel my insides have shifted, too. As a stay-at-home mom, my days are filled with my child. My focus is all-kid-all-the-time with only an occasional adult-alone break to use the bathroom, and even then I occasionally have a toddler-sized chaperone. I'm constantly a mom, always tuned into that mom-channel within. Maybe the problem isn't with us, the problem is me.
I keep looking for time with my husband to be like it was, and that's the true problem. I'm not the same person I was before I had a child. Why would our date nights feel the same when I don't? I was slow to figure it out (I'll blame that on lack of sleep for over a year), but once I stopped expecting our Golden Time to feel the same, an immense amount of pressure dropped away. Our time together began to have a lightness that sparked that connection for which I'd been searching.
Date nights with my husband aren't what they were, but I am cool with this. Releasing the heavy expectations of our previous time together has freed up space to allow them to be what they are: a reflection of us now. Sure, my husband might prefer I stay up later than 9:30, but we are a couple with a kid. I may not get there. However, this doesn't make me any less great of a “gal” or us a less fun couple, it just makes us partners with a kid. Enjoying our time together for what it is has made all the difference. That and starting our dates at 4:30 pm.
Jax Taylor is a person who doesn't like to be criticized by Vanderpump Rules viewers. During his time on the show, he has often talked about how he doesn't like it when people share their opinions about him, including when he had surgery on his nose or when he cheated on his many girlfriends. Taylor has revealed that he can't control his behavior and doesn't think he needs to apologize to people based on his cheating. While he does love Brittany Cartwright, some people believe that he will cheat eventually. But as Taylor was entering 2017, he had a thought: people should take themselves less seriously and be able to laugh at themselves. According to a new tweet, Jax Taylor shared some thoughts over the Christmas holidays where he essentially begged people on Twitter to stop being mean. He has often said that Vanderpump Rules is just a reality show and that he doesn't take it too seriously. Sure, Taylor may come across as a mean and horrible guy at times, but he claims the show is just a fraction of who he is. And surprisingly, Jax asked people to please stop the bullying. Bringing in the new year with my lovely @BNCartwright happy new year everyone!!! Here's to a much-needed fresh start!! #NYE2017???? pic.twitter.com/jWtFZolJ6m — Jax Taylor (@mrjaxtaylor) January 1, 2017 “Thoughts from Jax,” Jax Taylor revealed on Twitter, sharing a quote that read, “The way I see if you can't make fun of yourself we can't be friends, no hard feelings but I am 4 and a half years away from the back nine of my life and I thnk it's safe to say at this point; we can all agree, life is short, so the bullying and BS that people do, why? Is it worth it? Just enjoy another, laugh be happy and act like an idiot ‘sometimes' JT.” It is possible that Jax Taylor is referring to the bullying that people subject him to on a regular basis, including sharing their opinions about him. Whenever Vanderpump Rules airs, Jax often goes on a blocking spree, as people can be quite harsh. But it is interesting that Taylor brings up the idea of leaving bullying behind when he has just been rather mean to Lala Kent, who recently quit the show. “You bully lala Kent and James freaking Kennedy all the time. Is that ok?” one person pointed out to Jax Taylor after he shared his message, while another person boldly suggested, “maybe u should take your own advice Jax!!!” Let's just take a minute to appreciate, the queen.???????? #lovemesomeLALA @lala_kent pic.twitter.com/qyLoelMtWv — Kelly Ray (@KellyRRay) December 30, 2016 Taylor recently went on a Twitter rant where he revealed that Lala had been fired from the show. Kent has previously hinted that she had quit the show because people on the series were being mean to her. It's no secret that she didn't have any friends on the show, but the rumors of her dating a married man took over and Kent decided to leave. She has revealed that she is dating a rich man who spoils her, but she stands by the fact that he's not married. And no proof has been shared that shows he's married. In fact, he remains nameless. But Jax Taylor is convinced that she was fired from the show and he has been vocal about wanting her gone. “I have a boyfriend who I'm madly in love with, and this married man rumor that who knows where the f–k they pulled this out, whose ass it came out of, it's just not worth it to me in any way, shape or form,” Lala Kent has revealed to Us Weekly about her relationship with a rich man. “I feel like my personal life is meant to be personal and I don't have to share everything. Even though they want to call it a reality TV show, this s–t is not real.” What do you think of Jax Taylor's message about leaving the bullying behind? Do you think he should take his own advice, especially since everything with Lala just happened? [Featured Image by Robin Marchant/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
One of my favorite locations is in bed, asleep, which is why these ricotta dumplings shaped like tiny, freshly plumped pillows were calling to me. Malfatti translates to “badly made,” which calls to me even more. In this recipe from Estela and Cafe Altro Paradiso chef Ignacio Mattos, the soft malfatti (made of ricotta, Parmesan, flour, and egg) are combined with a creamy butter sauce, cherry tomatoes, and pancetta. The styled photo makes it look restaurant-y and sensual, but I swear, you can do this at home, on a weeknight.
All of my past forays into homemade pasta have failed miserably after hours of anguish, see the Rock-Hard Gnocchi Incident of 2015, but these malfatti were much, much easier. With huge rewards! Here's my pep talk.
The Ricotta Squeeze Part
I had to run to the hardware store to get cheesecloth , which is the one thing you need that I've never owned before. It's like $2, so not a huge commitment. The essential purpose: to squeeze the moisture out of the ricotta. For like 27 seconds. Oh my GOD it was a satisfying feeling, squishing the ricotta in the sink. Don't people make creepy YouTube videos about stuff like this? I'm all in.
Photo by Michael Graydon + Nikole Herriott, food styling by Andy Baraghani, prop styling by Kalen Kaminski
The Malfatti Dough
Into the food processor: the squeezed-out ricotta, tons of shredded Parmesan, salt, and an egg. That gets combined with flour in a big bowl and you've got your dough. If you're intimidated by dough because it's sticky and makes a huge mess, fear not. This dough is wetter than usual and very easy to work with. (Okay, I still made a mess.)
Photo by Michael Graydon + Nikole Herriott, food styling by Andy Baraghani, prop styling by Kalen Kaminski
Roll It Out
Flour a surface, which is a big Boos cutting board for me, and tear the dough into 4 pieces. You roll each one out into a long log with your hands, like you did with Play-Doh. The recipe calls for a 22x¾" (inch) rope of dough, which I definitely did not measure. Then you use a dough scraper or gasp, a knife, to cut the little pillows off and save for later on a floured sheet pan. Again, did not measure, but completely eyeballed as “almost an inch.” The entire dough/rolling/slicing took me under 30 minutes, easy.
Photo by Michael Graydon + Nikole Herriott, food styling by Andy Baraghani, prop styling by Kalen Kaminski
The Sauce
Cook the pancetta–I used bacon—in a big pan like a Dutch oven first, then take it out to be a crunchy topping later, while the rest of the sauce benefits from the fat. Meanwhile, in a pasta pot of simmering water, the malfatti cook in 3 minutes, floating to the top like a prize. Add them to the Dutch oven with some of their pasta water (aka liquid gold ), butter, and cherry tomatoes. Everything cooks together for a mere 4 minutes, until the sauce thickens and coats everything in a creamy, velvet sauce.
The Extras
Of course you could take your pancetta and run at this point. Or go all the way and serve your malfatti pillows with lemon zest, more Parmesan, and the fancy olive oil you serve with bread at parties.
I don't know how to say this any other way than: That's it.
The result is so decadent looking, the ricotta dumplings so much fun to eat, and the combo of cherry tomatoes and pancetta so...reminiscent of a BLT. They were also EXTREMELY FILLING. I pictured by body slowly morphing into a soft malfatti pillow. Things could be worse. It almost felt too damn good for a random weeknight. Do I deserve such treasures? I can't wait to make them again, trying out different sauces (brown butter and mushrooms seems like a good idea), and trying them out on my friends, who still might be traumatized from the Gnocchi Incident. I'll make it up to them, I swear.
Get the Recipe:
12 fashion tips from Ramon Valera
1 SHARES Share Tweet
STILL TIMELY – Needless to say , Highspeed is no fashion column, but just the same here are 12 fashion tips from the country's greatest designer, Ramon Valera. A National Artist, no less, the only one to be so honored from the fashion world.
Valera's 12 tips came out in The Manila Times in 1962 – yes that long – but today's women , especially actresses, can learn a lot from his pieces of fashion advice. Still timely. Valera intoned that Chona Recto Kasten was the best dressed woman of her time.
By the way, thanks to Danny Dolor, art patron and filmbuff, for the The Manila Times clipping.
•
12 TIPS – Here are Valera's 12 fashion tips…or “pet theories” as put by the daily.
1 . White is my favorite color. I used it quite open in my designs. From that color I find it a cinch to work with other colors.
2. My very own personal favorite color combiniton is cocoa and black. But there are only very few fair ladies around town who can get away with it.
3. What a dull practice many women have of matching everything from dress to handkerchief to shoes and bags! This is utterly unimaginative. It is the safest and easiest way out.
4. It is always more challenging to play up a contrast of the right colors. To do this,women would need more tasteful planning of their wardrobes – but majority lack the right taste.
5. Abbreviated hemlines? It depends upon the kind of legs you have.
6. The Jackie Kennedy look is lovely – on Jackie Kennedy. But look at the society page and what do you see but a school of women in uniform: the same so-called fly away hairdo, the close rounded neckline, beads and the loosely-fitted jacket. Que horror!
7. They are usually careless – fashion-wise.That's why I don't generally cater to the young. Their needs and demands are not as challenging as those of the mature women. You can dress up the young in rags and they'd still look all right. I like the challenge of the bulge and the sagging flesh.
8. I like to dress women who are extremely meticulous and who have an eye for the well-made dress. I want them to fuss over the correct fit and the right hand. I feel I improve my art with every challenge met.
9. It follows that money has a lot to do with good dressing. To get the best clothes, you need money. Those who don't have it, will naturally settle for the second best. And who wants to be a second best?
10. But even if one had all the money, a woman must go slow on ordering dresses by the dozens. Fashion is so fickle.
A closetful of useless dresses is a fault of the noveau riche. The true aristocrats know how to order moderately.
11. Of course, I do not discount the possibility that a woman may look chic and smart in an inexpensive dress. But she will not be capable of a steady ritual of tasteful dressing.
12. I hate plastic. It is unthinkable for a well dressed woman to be sporting the glaring shine of a plastic bag.
Related
comments
You need to login to view this content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Someone has probably asked you what your plan is for your life. They may have asked enough that you feel like you have to have one. However, if you adhere too strictly to a plan, it could backfire. Instead, try cultivating opportunity.
Advertisement
As advice site Barking Up the Wrong Tree explains, having opportunities available to you is a fantastic way to ensure that you always have a new avenue to pursue. Maybe your plan was to go to college for a few years and get a steady job in your chosen field. Once you get there, though, you discover you hate it. Every day is a drag, but what can you do? This is the only thing you've prepared for.
Instead, cultivating opportunity involves exploring your option. Spend some of your free time developing hobbies or skills. Maybe you won't make a career out of your hobby immediately, but you'll develop the framework necessary to pursue the opportunity later on. You don't want to quit your office job to write that novel, for example, but if you write on the weekends, you'll be better prepared for it if you decide you want to later.
Advertisement
This is what leads to a midlife crisis. You executed your plan perfectly. But in the process your goals shifted and now there's no way to change course... As Oscar Wilde once quipped: “There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.” So Mencius says in an uncertain world (which contains an uncertain you) don't focus on rigid life plans — cultivate opportunities. Keep giving new things a try. Have hobbies. Develop different sides of yourself.
There are lots of ways to cultivate opportunities in your life. Join a club. Take classes on the weekend. Get involved in a local enthusiast community. Hobbies can quickly turn into jobs or side hustles if you're passionate enough and you can almost always find a group of people interested in your hobby in your city or at least online.
2 Secrets To The Good Life, Backed By Ancient Wisdom And Research | Barking Up the Wrong Tree
Sponsored
1 of 11
Coleman Raynor / AKM-GSI Coleman Raynor / AKM-GSI Jennifer Aniston 's deadbeat brother has been caught secretly hooking up with a sex-swapper in a shack located in a squalid Santa Cruz, Calif. neighborhood where drug addicts and homeless people rifle through trash for food!
AKM-GSI AKM-GSI Radar Online's investigation has also discovered that Alexander “AJ” Aniston, 28, introduces himself as “Aja Nezitic” to hide his family ties to Hollywood royalty!
Coleman-Rayner Coleman-Rayner AJ, who was spotted downing pints alone in a sports bar, has also armed himself with a large knife in his back pocket, as shown in exclusive photos obtained by Radar. The deadly weapon will serve as useful protection, since residents complain crack and heroin dealers appear throughout the complex where he lives.
Coleman-Rayner Coleman-Rayner More than 15 crimes have occurred within the apartment block in the last six months alone, including breaking and entering, car theft and at least four violent assaults.
Coleman-Rayner Coleman-Rayner The jobless punk rocker currently makes a living by cleaning up road kill and selling taxidermy and skulls — when he's not spending the night with his cross-dressing pal! “The second the woman left in the morning, AJ was a whirlwind of activity, taking out trash, opening windows to air out the house, changing his clothes and washing his hair,” a witness explained. . .because “AJ's girlfriend was coming back into town! “He usually leaves the curtains drawn and windows shut. He smokes and has a dog, too, so the place must stink to high heaven.”
Coleman-Rayner Coleman-Rayner AJ — who abandoned his two children with ex-girlfriend Adriane Hallek and fails to pay child support — boasts about dating Kiri Peita, a pretty veterinary technician. But when the happy couple bumped into his transgender gal pal in town, AJ looked the other way. “AJ and the pink-haired individual crossed paths in the street,­ and AJ pretended he barely knew her and only gave her a passing hello. He looked uncomfortable,” said an eyewitness.
Coleman-Rayner Coleman-Rayner “His girlfriend, Kiri, didn't seem to know her at all. It was very odd, given that the woman had just left AJ's place two hours earlier after spending the night.”
Coleman-Rayner Coleman-Rayner Until recently, AJ — who hasn't spoken to his A-list sister in more than a decade and once described being related to her as “a pain in my ass for years” — lived in a run-down van, selling animal skulls and attending political protests before settling down in squalor.
AKM-GSI AKM-GSI Another Radar confidant revealed the absentee dad doesn't “see either of his children” — son Ryat, 3, and daughter Kira, 10 months — and has only met the little girl once.
AKM-GSI AKM-GSI The news is said to break Aunt Jen's heart, with the actress, 48, making no secret of the fact she would love a child of her own. “Jen hasn't had much to do with AJ since he was 14, but she hears about him from [their father] John occasionally. She can't believe a man would abandon his own flesh and blood like that. This type of behavior makes her blood curdle,” confessed an insider close to the star.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Reserve Bank of India said on Friday it accepted all nine bids for 29.07 billion rupees ($454.29 million) at its three-day repo auction, through which it injects liquidity into the banking system. REPO DATE BIDS BIDS FIXED RECEIVED ACCEPTED RATE No. AMT (bln No. AMT (bln (%) rupees) rupees) 02/02 9 29.07 9 29.07 6.00 01/02 5 25.10 5 25.10 6.00 31/01 5 26.60 5 26.60 6.00 30/01 6 26 6 26 6.00 29/01 5 26.20 5 26.20 6.00 25/01 7 29.20 7 29.20 6.00 24/01 7 28.17 7 28.17 6.00 23/01 17 135.72 17 135.72 6.00 22/01 24 117.22 24 117.22 6.00 20/01 16 141.63 16 141.63 6.00 19/01 10 28.05 10 28.05 6.00 18/01 5 25.30 5 25.30 6.00 17/01 6 29.80 6 29.80 6.00 16/01 6 37.55 6 37.55 6.00 15/01 10 84.70 10 84.70 6.00 12/01 5 32.55 5 32.55 6.00 11/01 5 32.55 5 32.55 6.00 10/01 5 32.55 5 32.55 6.00 09/01 5 26.05 5 26.05 6.00 08/01 5 28.50 5 28.50 6.00 06/01 17 68.99 17 68.99 6.00 05/01 8 33.20 8 33.20 6.00 04/01 5 31.95 5 31.95 6.00 03/01 6 33.15 6 33.15 6.00 02/01 6 34.90 6 34.90 6.00 01/01 6 34.90 6 34.90 6.00 30/12 6 33.50 6 32.99 6.00 29/12 16 78.55 16 78.55 6.00 28/12 23 182.29 23 182.29 6.00 27/12 41 254.80 41 254.80 6.00 26/12 18 107.75 18 107.75 6.00 22/12 30 185.45 30 185.45 6.00 21/12 6 40.10 6 40.10 6.00 20/12 17 101.75 17 101.75 6.00 19/12 43 248.94 43 248.94 6.00 18/12 42 240.22 42 240.22 6.00 16/12 14 117.07 14 117.07 6.00 15/12 43 167.89 43 167.89 6.00 14/12 5 30.20 5 30.20 6.00 13/12 6 31.15 6 31.15 6.00 12/12 7 36.15 7 36.15 6.00 11/12 13 74.30 13 74.30 6.00 08/12 24 126.67 24 126.67 6.00 07/12 5 27.95 5 27.95 6.00 06/12 5 29.70 5 29.70 6.00 05/12 5 29.20 5 29.20 6.00 04/12 6 30.21 6 30.21 6.00 02/12 0 0 0 0 6.00 REVERSE REPO DATE BIDS BIDS FIXED RECEIVED ACCEPTED RATE NO AMT (bln NO AMT (bln (%) rupees) rupees) 01/02 59 246.35 59 246.35 5.75 31/01 52 481.87 52 481.87 5.75 30/01 50 257.83 50 257.83 5.75 29/01 47 148.85 47 148.85 5.75 25/01 42 157.76 42 157.76 5.75 24/01 39 120.15 39 120.15 5.75 23/01 36 86.27 36 86.27 5.75 22/01 38 69.07 38 69.07 5.75 20/01 18 27.40 18 27.40 5.75 19/01 70 289.73 70 289.73 5.75 18/01 42 179.31 42 179.31 5.75 17/01 52 290.80 52 290.80 5.75 16/01 35 83.62 35 83.62 5.75 15/01 30 45.28 30 45.28 5.75 12/01 43 68.94 43 68.94 5.75 11/01 33 66.24 33 66.24 5.75 10/01 34 73.28 34 73.28 5.75 09/01 40 134.63 40 134.63 5.75 08/01 40 86.62 40 86.62 5.75 06/01 14 16.12 14 16.12 5.75 05/01 80 472.73 80 472.73 5.75 04/01 63 493.65 63 493.65 5.75 03/01 73 366.79 73 366.79 5.75 02/01 81 412.15 81 412.15 5.75 01/01 55 292.62 55 292.62 5.75 30/12 56 511.24 56 511.24 5.75 29/12 46 440.07 46 440.07 5.75 28/12 58 330.35 58 330.35 5.75 27/12 41 81.45 41 81.45 5.75 26/12 35 97.81 35 97.81 5.75 22/12 76 402.85 76 402.85 5.75 21/12 45 81.16 45 81.16 5.75 20/12 37 82.92 37 82.92 5.75 19/12 37 138.56 37 138.56 5.75 18/12 32 39.19 32 39.19 5.75 16/12 17 37.40 17 37.40 5.75 15/12 20 41.23 20 41.23 5.75 14/12 45 136.87 45 136.87 5.75 13/12 55 190.75 55 190.75 5.75 12/12 40 205.06 40 205.06 5.75 11/12 37 89.48 37 89.48 5.75 08/12 64 182.76 64 182.76 5.75 07/12 64 290.19 64 290.19 5.75 06/12 59 227.08 59 227.08 5.75 05/12 47 133.18 47 133.18 5.75 04/12 58 401.59 58 401.59 5.75 02/12 52 247.29 52 247.29 5.75 01/12 23 117.99 23 117.99 5.75 Source text - bit.ly/2rZXgKt ($1 = 63.9900 Indian rupees) (Bengaluru newsroom)
BRITAIN'S Got Talent babe Alesha Dixon called out her husband for snapping her at the gym.
The 39-year-old Britain's Got Talent siren blasted her hubby Azuka Ononye for filming her exercise in a hilarious social media post. Alesha Dixon slammed her partner in a jokey Instagram vid, which showed her work out in a tiny pink sports bra and high-waisted beige leggings. The film captured the yummy mum-of-one lying horizontal on a mat, while raising her arm and legs into a sideways crunch – clearly an unmissable moment. The Mis-Teeq singer called Azuka out in front of her 528,000 followers in her post's caption.
INSTAGRAM HARD WORK: Alesha was papped by her hubby in the gym
She wrote: "When you think your man is filming your workout but he's really just up to foolishness!" And Alesha's fans couldn't get enough of the footage, with it receiving a whopping 49,921 views in just 24 hours. One person laughed: "This is amazing hahah I hope you had a good workout though." "Lol, looking great Alesha, don't mind him," another observed.
INSTAGRAM REVEALING: Britain's Got Talent judge Alesha Dixon wore a plunging sports bra
Alesha Dixon's sexiest Britain's Got Talent outfits Which Britain's Got Talent outfit is your favourite? 1 / 24
INSTAGRAM STOOD UP: An Instagram GIF joined Alesha on the gym mat
“When you think your man is filming your workout but he's really just up to foolishness!” Alesha Dixon A third wooed: "Sexy as always." Earlier this month the glam telly babe revealed how she wants to have another child with hubby Azuka. Alesha – who's estimated to be worth £2.8million and has judged on BGT for six years – is already mum to daughter Azura, who was born in 2013. "Not a day goes by without me longing for another baby," she admitted. "I don't know whether it will happen given my age, but I adore the idea of a large family and I hope I will be lucky.
Alesha Dixon in pictures A look at the stunning Alesha Dixon in pictures 1 / 54 Alesha Dixon/Instagram
GETTY COUPLE GOALS: Alesha and Azuka Ononye have been married eight years
Nabil Fekir has been touted to join Liverpool
The French playmaker has been hotly touted to make the switch to Anfield in recent weeks.
Jurgen Klopp has yet to tap into the Philippe Coutinho funds made earlier in the year.
The Brazil international completed his dream move to Barcelona after a lengthy transfer saga.
He became the second-most expensive player in the world after making the switch to the Nou Camp for £142m.
The Reds have got on fine without him though, making it to the Champions League final thanks to the goalscoring exploits of Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane.
IFEX, the global network of 119 organisations working to promote and defend freedom of expression and information worldwide, writes to express its deep concern over the repeated use of travel bans, interrogations and other forms of harassment against individuals working for the full realization of the rights of all Bahraini citizens and a more just and equitable society.
Most recently, we are alarmed at the enforcement of restrictions on Nedal Al Salman, Head of International Relations and Women's and Children's Rights Advocacy for IFEX member the Bahrain Centre for Human Rights (BCHR). Accordingly, we call on the relevant Bahraini authorities to lift travel restrictions on Ms. Al Salman and all other civil society activists, and allow them to continue their work free from all forms of harassment and interference.
On 26 November 2017, Ms. Al Salman was prevented from travelling from Bahrain to Toronto, Canada to attend an information and skills exchange with fellow members of the IFEX network. She was also nominated and invited by the European Union (EU) to attend the 19th annual EU-NGO Human Rights Forum in Brussels, Belgium on 5 December, immediately after the IFEX meeting in Toronto, and has thus also been prevented from attending this important event. This is the latest of several incidents in which Ms. Al Salman has been restricted from travelling to participate in international fora to engage with others discussing human rights and other related issues. This has included key UN processes such as the UN Human Rights Council and Bahrain's third cycle Universal Periodic Review, which took place in May 2017.
Kaye refers to this measure as a “silent weapon of censorship” more insidious, but just as effective as other more forceful methods of suppressing information that is critical for improving the lives of women, children, religious minorities and other vulnerable groups in Bahrain.
As noted above, the treatment of Ms. Al Salman is not a unique occurrence in Bahrain. In April this year, rights groups deplored the fact that as many as 32 activists, human rights defenders, journalists, lawyers, and other members of civil society were targeted with criminal summons, interrogations, and travel bans. In 2016, at least 28 such cases were documented. Other notable examples have included internationally renowned human rights defenders like Nabeel Rajab, who has since been given a two-year prison sentence, Sheikh Maytham Al Salman and Jalila Al Salman. Most other staff members of Nedal Al Salman's organisation, BCHR, are also under travel ban.
The impact of travel bans and other forms of administrative harassment were recently described by the UN Special Rapporteur for freedom of opinion and expression, David Kaye. Kaye refers to this measure as a “silent weapon of censorship” more insidious, but just as effective, as other more forceful methods of suppressing information that is critical for improving the lives of women, children, religious minorities and other vulnerable groups in Bahrain.
On an individual level, they are a violation of the right to freedom of movement, including to leave ones' own country, as enshrined under international law and in Bahrain's own constitution. Furthermore, they are a source of immense emotional strain, as they are often applied arbitrarily, without notice, and can involve humiliating and inhumane treatment by authorities.
In Bahrain's national report for their third cycle UPR, it noted steps being taken to enable the work of human rights defenders and civil society groups, as well as other structural and legal human rights protections that are in place. While we welcome such measures, preventing individuals like Nedal Al Salman from carrying out their work through travel bans prevents them from collaborating with their colleagues and is a clear tactic to alienate and isolate people in order to shut down informed voices critical to global discussions of human rights.
IFEX reiterates its call to immediately lift all forms of harassment and bans on travel as a show of genuine respect for the work of those who seek to promote and protect the rights of all groups in Bahrain, as entitled to under international and domestic law, and in accordance with the obligations of the Bahraini government.
Sincerely,
WEST ALEXANDRIA — Birthdays this week: Presley Holthaus, Helen Voge, J.T. Robbins, Laura Unger, Dee Mattis, Dusty McCoy, Brad Wright, Jennifer Delong, Brad Wright, Lindsay Woodard, Kyle Saul, Tonna Miller, Sean Maggard, Tracy Randolph, Anita Baker, in memory of Mary Maxson
Anniversaries this week: Jack and Diane Walker, Ralf and Cary Mohr, David and Jeni Guehring, Dan and Joyce Deeter, Dale and Margaret Degler
July 4 Party in the Park
The WA Celebration Committee will host it's July 4 Party in the Park on Wednesday, July 4, at Peace Park, from 1-7 p.m. Come enjoy the games, vendors, food and refreshments! The Car show takes place from 4-7p.m. in the church parking lot, and the Lighted Parade lines up at 9p.m. in the Salem Lutheran Church parking lot. The parade will start off at 9:30 p.m. and will end at the TVS parking lot. Fireworks will take place at the Twin Valley Schools at 10p.m.
July 4 Community WACOCA Service
West Alexandria Churches Organized for Community Action are sponsoring a Fourth of July Community Church Service to be held Sunday, July 1, beginning at 10 a.m. at Peace Park. Community Christian Church will be providing special music. The Salem Lutheran Church Sanctuary will be used if weather doesn't permit an outdoor service that day.
Baked Steak Dinner
The West Alexandria Celebration Committee is offering Baked Steak Dinners on Sunday, July 15, from 11 a.m.-1 p.m. at 73 N. Main Street, next to Subway. To reserve your dinners contact Carol Lunsford at 839-4085, or at The Pin Up Shoppe, 50 W. Second Street. Thank you for supporting us, as proceeds are used to purchase new toys and repairs for Santa Villa and to provide July 4 fireworks in West Alexandria.
Farmer's Market
The WA Celebration Committee's weekly Farmers' Market meets in Peace Park every Thursday from 5-8 p.m. through September. All funds raised are used by the Celebration Committee to provide the community with fireworks for July 4, and new toys for Santa Villa in December. Funds also will be used for needed repairs at Santa Villa. Contact Carol Lunsford at 839-4085 for additional information or to reserve your space.
Church of the Brethren
There will be no Free Community Meals for the months of July and August. They will resume the first Wednesday in September at 22 East Oak St.
Salem Lutheran Church
The Women of Salem invite you to attend our Summer Splash, July 10, for food, fellowship and BINGO! Bring a covered dish, and if you happen to donate a White Elephant item for prizes, please do so by Monday, July 9. RSVP no later than July 10 to the church, 839-4210, or contact SWNALC President, Brenda Wright, at 456-3018 or SWNALC VP, Diane Walker, at 901-3960.
Adult Bible Study meets every Wednesday evening at 6:30 p.m. at 70 E. Dayton St.
The Lutheran Youth Organization meets for Bible Study every Sunday evening at 6:30 p.m. The LYO will depart for a Wilderness Trip on Sunday, July 15.
Twin Valley Rod & Gun Club
Annual Youth Night
TVR&GC will hold their Annual Youth Night on Tuesday, July 17, from 6-8 p.m. at 9361 Germantown Pike. Youth 17 years and younger are invited to learn and earn prizes with supervised archery, bait-casting, rifle/air-rifle and shotgun shooting. Refreshments will be served. This event is made possible by a Division of Wildlife Grant.
CANTON, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio high school student has died of injuries suffered last week in a car crash that also killed his brother.
The Ohio State Highway Patrol says 16-year-old Kevin Laudermilt, of Canton, died Sunday at Akron Children's Hospital. He was injured Thursday when a car driven by his brother, 18-year-old Aaron Laudermilt, went off a road in Stark County's Plain Township and hit a utility pole and a tree. Aaron Laudermilt was pronounced dead at the scene.
Both were students at GlenOak High School in Plain Township.
Police say both were wearing seat belts at the time of the crash. Alcohol and drugs were not believed to be a factor in the crash.
A New Brunswick-born sailor has taken command of one of Canada's coastal defense vessels named after a town in his home province.
Lieutenant-Commander Russel Hodgson is now in command of the HMCS Moncton, a vessel he remembers being commissioned at Point-du-Chêne, N.B. in 1998.
“I was there, I can remember it. That experience planted the seed of me joining the Navy,” he said. “The idea of a young fellow that came from a small farming community, growing up and becoming the Commanding Officer of my town's namesake city ship is pretty amazing. It's just like being at home.”
READ MORE: ‘This is the future': Arctic Offshore Patrol Ship revealed in Halifax
Hodgson joined the Royal Canadian Navy in 2002 and has served overseas and taken part in multiple NATO missions.
The HMCS Moncton was the ninth of 12 Kingston Class Defence Vessels built in the late 1990's.
READ MORE: HMCS St. John's returns to Canada after six months NATO mission
The boats are designed to conduct coastal patrols, perform minesweeping, search and rescue duties and law enforcement.
According to the Canadian Government, the boat is crewed almost entirely by naval reservists.
The Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has commended the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) for doing a thorough investigation into the corruption case of former governor, Jolly Nyame of Taraba.
The Director of MURIC, Ishaq Akintola, made the commendation in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Abuja.
NAN reports that Mr Nyame was sentenced to 14 years imprisonment by a High Court of the Federal Capital Territory headed by Justice Adebukola Banjoko.
The judge also ordered the refund of N1.64 billion diverted by the ex-governor since May, 2007.
Mr Akintola also lauded the judge who delivered the landmark judgment for her boldness and forthrightness, adding that there was no doubt that her pronouncement would deter other kleptomaniacs from similar act in public service.
The MURIC boss advised other judges to emulate Ms Banjoko, adding that judges should sum up enough courage to deal with executive thieves standing trial before them as quickly as possible.
“This judgment marks the beginning of active participation of the judiciary and its cooperation with the executive in anti-graft war.
“We give kudos to the federal government for vigorously pursuing the war against corruption.
“Nyame's imprisonment has cemented the resolve of this administration to bring about change in Nigeria and it will bring to five the number of ex-governors sent to jail since the beginning of President Muhammadu Buhari's war against corruption.
”Although he was later set free, James Bala Ngilari, ex-Gov. of Adamawa State, bagged five years in March 2017, Babangida Aliyu, former Niger Governor, tasted the bitter pill on April 25, 2017 when he was remanded in prison.
”Similarly, former Gov. Sule Lamido of Jigawa was remanded in prison on May 2, 2017 and Jonah Jang, the former Gov. of Plateau, was remanded in prison custody on May 16, 2018. It is an unprecedented challenge of the status quo ante,” Mr Akintola said.
He, therefore, called on Nigerians to show appreciation for this positive development, noting that the judgment implies that there was light at the end of the tunnel.
He said that those who had lost hope in the Nigerian project should now reposition themselves as more evidence had emerged to prove that the stage was set for a better Nigeria.
The director explained that the main reason for people losing hope in the country had been the general lack of accountability in previous governments.
“Crooks in government were stealing with impunity and nobody was ever questioned or arrested. Our values were bastardised. Criminals were celebrated. But change is here.
“Those who stole our common patrimony are now being made to face the music. It therefore behoves true patriots to rally behind President Buhari and his administration,” he said.
Mr Akintola, however, urged the federal government to remain focused and consistent in its efforts to clean up the mess in Nigeria and to restore the good name of this great country in the comity of nations.
“There must be no retreat, no surrender.”
A concrete-pumping truck fell over in downtown Bartlesville Monday afternoon, according to police. It happened just before noon at the intersection of Johnstone and Frank Phillips Boulevard.
Captain Jay Hastings said the driver of a concrete extension boom truck finished one job and began to move the truck with the boom still extended. That caused the truck to tip over, Hastings said.
No one was injured. The driver was cited for failure to secure a load.
The intersection was closed while crews worked to right the truck and clean up after the accident, according to BPD.
Washington: President Donald Trump says North Korea wants to hold a high-stakes meeting "as soon as possible" and he is praising Kim Jong-un as "very open" and "very honorable".
Trump is addressing his upcoming plans to meet with the North Korean leader during his discussions at the White House with French president Emmanuel Macron.
Trump's praise for the North Korean dictator stands in stark contrast to his past comments in which he referred to Kim as "Little Rocket Man."
The Trump-Kim meeting is expected in May or June.
South Korean president Moon Jae-in is meeting with Kim on Friday to kick off a new round of high-stakes nuclear diplomacy with Pyongyang.
Underwater grasses that provide vital places for fish and crabs to live and hide from predators covered more than 100,000 acres of the Chesapeake Bay in 2017 — the greatest abundance ever recorded in a 34-year-old aerial survey, scientists said Tuesday.
The Virginia Institute of Marine Science found 104,843 acres of grasses across the estuary, the first time since it began its survey in 1984 that vegetative coverage surpassed the 100,000-acre threshold.
It was a third straight year grass acreage grew, gaining by 5 percent from 2016 to 2017.
The Patapsco River was among the areas with the strongest grass growth. Acreage jumped 313 percent from 2016 to 2018, from 3 to 14 acres.
Officials with the Chesapeake Bay Program, the federal office that released the data, said the survey results show that its work with bay watershed states to limit pollution flowing into the waterways is working. The federal-state partnership adopted a “blueprint” in 2010 to reverse decades of environmental degradation and restore the bay's health by 2025.
The Annapolis-based bay program has faced proposals of massive cuts from President Donald Trump's administration, but Congress has spared its $73 million budget.
“This achievement is a true example of the power a partnership can have and I call upon all of our partners to continue their efforts toward this remarkable recovery,” said Jim Edward, the program's acting director.
With less than 10 weeks to go until the June 26 primary election, leading candidates for Maryland governor are hitting the forum circuit hard. (Lloyd Fox / Baltimore Sun video) With less than 10 weeks to go until the June 26 primary election, leading candidates for Maryland governor are hitting the forum circuit hard. (Lloyd Fox / Baltimore Sun video) SEE MORE VIDEOS
The vegetative growth is a result of programs to reduce pollution and runoff from farms and urban pavement, scientists said. But the grasses can also help the bay better withstand future pollution.
“They mean clear water and shoreline protection, carbon sequestration and climate mitigation,” said Brooke Landry, a biologist with the Maryland Department of Natural Resources. “They mean more fish and crabs and waterfowl. And they mean memorable vacations and a healthy environment.”
The Chesapeake Bay Foundation cheered the report but Beth McGee, its director of science and agricultural policy, stressed that “the recovery is fragile and proposed rollbacks to federal environmental protection regulations threaten future progress.”
“Blueprint partners, especially EPA, must stay the course,” she said. “In fact, seeing these improvements should inspire the jurisdictions and local residents to accelerate efforts to reduce pollution and restore this national treasure.”
sdance@baltsun.com
twitter.com/ssdance
Tottenham Hotspur are looking to avenge their humiliating defeat at Newcastle United on the last day of the 2015-16 Premier League season when the two sides meet on the opening day next season, the North London side's midfielder Eric Dier has said.
REUTERS: Tottenham Hotspur are looking to avenge their humiliating defeat at Newcastle United on the last day of the 2015-16 Premier League season when the two sides meet on the opening day next season, the North London side's midfielder Eric Dier has said.
Tottenham, who were second for a majority of the campaign, were thrashed 5-1 by an already-relegated Newcastle on the final day, much to the joy of local rivals Arsenal, who sneaked them with a win over Aston Villa.
"Newcastle have just come up and I'm sure the atmosphere will be fantastic for their first game back in the Premier League," Dier told the club's website. (www.tottenhamhotspur.com)
"We want to start well... and make up for what happened there on the last day of the season two years ago."
After their trip to St James' Park, Tottenham will host champions Chelsea for their first home game at Wembley, being used while White Hart Lane undergoes redevelopment, on Aug. 19.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
Free Price Quote From a Local Dealer Free Price Quote From a View Special Offers
No Obligation, Fast & Simple Free New Car Quote Change Car Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Karma Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model AMG GT B-Class C-Class C-Class Plug-in CL-Class CLA-Class CLK-Class CLS-Class E-Class E-Class BlueTEC E-Class Hybrid G-Class GL-Class GL-Class BlueTEC GLA-Class GLC-Class GLC-Class Coupe GLE-Class GLE-Class BlueTEC GLE-Class Coupe GLE-Class Plug-in GLK-Class GLS-Class M-Class Metris R-Class S-Class S-Class Plug-in SL-Class SLC-Class SLK-Class SLR Mclaren SLS AMG Sprinter GO 1. Vehicle Option Trim Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash Trade In? Yes No 3. Dealer Selection Receive your free dealer pricing information by completing your contact information!
Mercedes-Benz will introduce the A-Class sedan to the U.S. market this year. In the meantime, the new A-Class hatch that just debuted in Amsterdam is our best look yet at what to expect.
The A-Class features a radiator grille with a diamond pattern. The hood slopes down more compared to its predecessor, and you'll also notice larger wheel arches that hint at the model's athletic aspirations. An optional two-section Airpanel with adjustable louvres improves aerodynamics. As the many teaser images previewed, the new A-Class' front end bears a strong resemblance to that of the 2019 Mercedes-Benz CLS.
Although it's a compact car at the lower end of the price spectrum, Mercedes didn't shy away from upscale touches. As previewed at the Consumer Electronics Show, the model gets goodies from higher models in the lineup, including ambient lighting with the choice of 64 colors, circular air vents, and a widescreen display over the dashboard.
The free-standing display is available in three versions, and each consists of two separate displays rolled into one. Buyers can select two 7-inch displays, one 7-inch and one 10.25-inch display, or two 10.25-inch displays. The infotainment system features natural speech recognition technology, and the voice control system is activated by saying “Hey Mercedes.” In addition to voice commands, drivers can also control the car via the new touch capability on the infotainment system, touchpad on the center console, or touch control buttons on the steering wheel. The model also offers head-up display, more cargo space, and massaging seats and seat climate control.
The model also features semi-autonomous driving technologies, including an adaptive cruise control system with active steering assist. With active lane change assist, available in certain markets, drivers can simply hit the turn signal, and the system will help move the car to the indicated lane when safe. Other features include autonomous emergency braking, blind spot assist, and evasive steering assist that can help a driver avoid pedestrians.
Although we don't know which engines will come to the U.S., three will be available at launch for the A-Class globally. These include two four-cylinder gas engines–one with 163 hp and the other with 224 hp–and a 1.5-liter diesel with 116 hp. All of these come with a seven-speed dual clutch transmission, although a six-speed manual is available on the gas engine with the lower output.
The new A-Class has a McPherson front suspension. Some models receive a torsion beam rear suspension, while upgraded versions have a four-link rear suspension. Dynamic Select allows drivers to adjust the car's suspension settings.
Globally, buyers can order the A-Class starting this March. Deliveries begin in the spring.
Source: Mercedes-Benz
Italian label Moncler has already turned luxury fashion on its head by transforming casual skiwear into trendy items with its sleek puffer jackets.
MILAN: Italian label Moncler has already turned luxury fashion on its head by transforming casual skiwear into trendy items with its sleek puffer jackets.
Now it wants to lead the sector in fast-paced production, and Chief Executive Remo Ruffini said he hopes his company can one day offer new products for all of its down coat collections on a monthly basis.
Advertisement
The shift highlights luxury brands' race to adapt to changing shopping habits as the sector attracts younger consumers and those more influenced by the fast pace of social media, who are constantly seeking eye-catching new items.
Moncler has already announced that, under what it calls its "Genius" strategy, it will from June offer each month a limited edition collection of down jackets specially produced for the label by a world famous designer, starting with Japanese streetwear king Hiroshi Fujiwara.
But the shift could be more wide-ranging, Ruffini said, eventually encompassing Moncler's main puffer ranges - which account for 80 percent of its sales - and which are now phased into stores on a more drawn-out basis.
"I think and I hope that if everything goes well, we will work on a monthly basis for all collections," Ruffini told Reuters in an interview at Moncler's headquarters in Milan, adding that the overhaul was still in its early stages.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"When you go to a store in July you find one concept, and when you go in September you find a totally different one, the one launched in that moment," he said.
The overhaul also responds to a particular Moncler challenge: how to keep growing a business with a market value of 10 billion euros (US$11.5 billion) that revolves around one-star product, down jackets that can cost up to 2,000 euros.
Ruffini is credited with reviving the company after buying in 2003 what was then a French mountain gear brand on the verge of bankruptcy.
Adapting to the Genius plan involves an upgrade of technology and logistics, including investments in a new facilities center in Piacenza, near Milan, tightening oversight of Moncler's supply chain and bringing quality control in-house.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
"It's really challenging. It's a change of culture in the company from logistics to production," Ruffini said, adding that most of the manufacturing will remain outsourced so that Moncler can easily raise or cut production at will.
"Flexibility is particularly important when you think on a monthly basis," the 56-year-old Italian entrepreneur said.
Since Ruffini snapped up Moncler, the company's valuation has soared and it now trades at a premium to many luxury peers.
Analysts have warned further upside could be limited, but are encouraged by the Genius strategy.
(Graphic: Moncler recommendations May 30 - https://reut.rs/2L9behN)
NEW ENERGY
Ruffini said Genius sales would be small, yet higher than the Gamme Bleu and Gamme Rouge catwalk collections which Moncler said in November would be phased out.
"It's not a matter of revenues and top line... it's to give energy to the brand," he said.
Analysts estimate those ranges accounted for less than 10 percent of Moncler's 1.2 billion euro in annual sales.
Despite the Instagram-friendly nature of glitzy launches planned in stores, Ruffini said he wanted Genius, and the brand as a whole, to appeal in the same way to "millennials and the ladies with the Hermes bag", but without being skewed towards younger generations, seen as more fickle.
"We believe the benefits from greater frequency drops far outweigh low probability execution risks from this revised approach," said Piral Dadhania, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets. "Over time we may see other luxury apparel brands follow."
Luxury labels from Kering's Gucci to LVMH 's Louis Vuitton do several mid-season collections beyond the traditional two a year, though none match the frequency of Moncler's planned "Genius" collections.
"The main concern with Moncler is the fashion risk," said Chiara Rotelli, an analyst at Mediobanca. "The Genius project is reducing that concern ... showing that it is able to enlarge its proposition to reach a wider customer base." Moncler's knitwear, shoes and accessories are also attracting more customers, but will never outshine the main product.
"I will always base my strategy on jackets, it's the uniqueness of Moncler," Ruffini said.
(Graphic: Moncler catches up with Kering - https://reut.rs/2JgmXNZ)
(Editing by Susan Fenton)
The full programme for this year's Brighton Festival was unveiled today (February 15), with its youngest ever guest director Kate Tempest.
The 31-year-old recording artist, poet, playwright, and novelist is set to celebrate what she calls the ‘Everyday Epic' - art that helps us connect to ourselves and others, explores our individual stories and differences, and encourages audiences to take a walk in someone else's shoes. In her words: “Art is social. It should be a part of life. No big deal – just life itself.”
The Children's Parade opens Brighton Festival each year (Photograph: Victor Frankowski)
She said: “I feel very humbled to have been given the opportunity to guest direct Brighton Festival. This year's theme, Everyday Epic, seems to encapsulate some of my feelings about how music, literature and poetry can give us back our lives. Singing, playing, dancing, moving, painting life and communicating about that in public spaces - it requires no qualifications, no training to enjoy it. It's truthful communication between humans about humanity and in these times, it feels more important than ever to try and understand what that humanity is and what it could be. So please go and see as much as you can. Approach it like an epic. Like you are a pilgrim on a quest and something may well happen in the theatre, the pub, the community centre, the concert hall that will smash you back to feeling and land you in your skin again.”
The festival first began in 1967, and the annual event is produced by Brighton Dome & Brighton Festival, which also managed three city centre venues.
Since 2009 Brighton Festival has worked with guest directors to tailor the year's programme. Previous guest directors include was visual artist Anish Kapoor (2009), musician Brian Eno (2010), Burmese leader Aung San Suu Kyi (2011), actress and human rights campaigner Vanessa Redgrave (2012), poet, author and former Children's Laureate Michael Rosen (2013), choreographer, composer and performer Hofesh Shechter (2014), award-winning author Ali Smith (2015) and pioneering artist and musician Laurie Anderson (2016).
This year's Brighton Festival will run from May 6 to May 28, and will open - as always - with the Children's Parade.
Ocean Wisdom
This will be followed by an eclectic festival line-up spanning theatre, dance, visual art, film, music, debate, comedy and spoken word - featuring the likes of Brighton-based rapper Ocean Wisdom, who appears on a bill hosted by influential UK hip hop label High Focus Records, and poetry slam champion Tommy Sissons who performs alongside fellow spoken word stars Patience Agbabi and Dizraeli.
Guest director Kate Tempest will perform in a host of special Brighton Festival events including: an exclusive opening gig of music and spoken word; a poetry evening in which she appears alongside the likes of fellow Picador poets Hollie McNish and Glyn Maxwell; and a live orchestration of her recent album Let Them Eat Chaos, produced in collaboration with Oscar-nominated artist Mica Levi, who also brings her acclaimed live score of Under the Skin to the Festival.
A series of outdoor sight-specific works will encourage audiences to see the ‘Everyday Epic' in the landscape of the city and engage with their environment anew. These include For the Birds, an intricate light, sound and kinetic sculpture trail experienced as an immersive night-time adventure through a woodland location; the UK premiere of Five Short Blasts: Shoreham, a maritime journey on the River Adur created by Australian artists Madeleine Flynn and Tim Humphrey in collaboration with Shoreham's water communities; Depart, an ethereal promenade performance through a cemetery from Yaron Lifschitz and his internationally acclaimed circus company, Circa; and SPECTRA:CAST, an interactive installation from artist duo Walter & Zoniel that will transform Brighton beach into a giant canvas as audiences register their views on a variety of subjects by casting multi-coloured stones onto it.
Story-telling in all its forms is set to be celebrated in a number of events such as The Gabriels, Tony-award-winning playwright Richard Nelson's extraordinary depiction of one American family, written and set in real time during the turbulent US election year - the follow-up to his 2015 smash-hit The Apple Plays ; Anna and Elizabeth's revival of the ancient tradition of ‘crankies', cloth and cut-paper scrolls depicting stories and scenes from the great ballads unfurled to musical accompaniment; spoken word nights from cult collectives Apples and Snakes and Bang Said the Gun; a new co-commission by Andy Smith & Fuel, Summit, performed in British Sign Language and English by a cast of three; and No Dogs no Indians, the world premiere of three intertwining stories exploring the effects and legacy of the British in India by poet and playwright Siddhartha Bose to mark the 70th anniversary of Indian independence.
5 Short Blasts Shoreham
The power of the arts to ‘activate our empathy' and pose questions about how we view the ‘other' is examined through works such as They/Onlar, ipek Duben's multi-screen installation which explores the division lines of gender, ethnicity and sexuality in Turkish society; the world premiere of Brighton-based choreographer and designer, Theo Clinkard's This Bright Field, a major new commission which sees audiences share the stage with thirteen exceptional performers for a captivating and intimate event examining perspective and attention; Collisions, Lynette Wallworth's thought-provoking Virtual Reality film experience which puts audiences directly into the life-changing moment when indigenous Martu Elder Nyarri Nyarri Morgan a witnessed an atomic test – his first encounter with Western culture; and Breaking the Spell of Loneliness, George Monbiot and Ewan McLennan's musical exploration of loneliness and social isolation.
Reflecting Tempest's belief that: ‘The arts should be in our communities, not only on elevated platforms or behind red velvet ropes', Brighton Festival 2017 sees two new ventures: The Storytelling Army, a dynamic collective of people from all walks of life who will be performing in unexpected locations around the city from bus stops to supermarkets, and Your Place, a diverse line-up of mixed arts programmed in partnership with Brighton People's Theatre, Festival artists and local residents in the Hangleton and Whitehawk communities. These join regular free, participatory events such as the annual Children's Parade, City Reads and Young City Reads; and Weekend Without Walls, two days of free arts in the parks; and a new initiative which encourages audiences to Pay-It-Forward by donating £5 on top of their ticket price which will be match-funded by Brighton Festival to create a £10 Festival ticket voucher for someone unable to afford the opportunity.
Other Brighton Festival 2017 highlights include a special performance from legendary folk singer Shirley Collins with guests handpicked for the occasion; a new adaptation of Swan Lake from one of Ireland's foremost dance and theatre-makers, Michael Keegan-Dolan; genre-defying actress, singer, dancer, and cabaret diva Meow Meow who joins forces with Orchester der Kleinen Regiment for an exclusive Brighton Festival performance; a major new co-commission from sculptor Cathie Pilkington; US performance artist turned rapper Mykki Blanco's punk and riot grrrl influenced hip hop; Kneehigh's acclaimed production of Emma Rice's staging of Tristan & Yseult; BBC Young Musician 2016 Sheku Kanneh-Mason performing with the Chineke! Orchestra; and two special events to mark the 450th anniversary of the birth of Monteverdi - II Combattimento from Christophe Rousset and his ensemble Les Talens Lyrique, and a selection of the composer's sacred music from vocal ensemble I Fagiolini.
Andrew Comben, chief executive of Brighton Dome & Brighton Festival said: “Kate Tempest has brought a formidable passion and energy to the role of guest director this year. She is an extraordinary artist across many forms - writer, musician, performer and poet – with a unique ability to connect with people of all ages and from all walks of life. Kate is passionate about the power of the arts to bring communities together – vital now more than ever. We are thrilled to be presenting more work across the city than ever before - much of it outdoors in a celebration of everything this city has to offer – the everyday and the epic. And with new initiatives such as Your Place and the Pay-it-Forward scheme, I hope that Brighton Festival 2017 will encourage the whole city to come together to celebrate the creativity in their communities and try something new.”
Hedley Swain, area director south east for Arts Council England, said: “Brighton Festival has established itself as one of the premier showcases for the very best international arts. Once again this year with guest director Kate Tempest it offers an incredible range of work. We are lucky to have it and Arts Council is very pleased to be contributing to its continuing success.”
For more information, visit: www.brightonfestival.org
You are here:
Vir Das to star in and co-write dark comedy web series Hasmukh with director Nikkhil Advani
Comedian-actor Vir Das will be working with filmmaker Nikkhil Advani on upcoming dark comedy Hasmukh.
Sameer Nair-headed Applause Entertainment, the content studio from the Aditya Birla Group, is backing the project.
Vir and Advani will be writing and creating an original show, read a statement to IANS.
"This is going to be insane!!! So excited! Gentlemen, let's murder this," Vir tweeted.
This is going to be insane!!! So excited! Gentlemen, let's murder this 😁 https://t.co/1lhXCwc4ZM — Vir Das (@thevirdas) May 29, 2018
Praising Nair, he wrote: "It takes a killer sense of humour to greenlight this madness."
It takes a killer sense of humour to greenlight this madness 🙂 https://t.co/mf1fPT0ZdW — Vir Das (@thevirdas) May 29, 2018
Apart from this show, Vir has been signed on by ABC for a new hour-long weekly dramedy FBI series Whiskey Cavalier, produced by Warner Bros. Netflix has also ordered two additional live stand-up comedy specials from Vir, the first comedian out of India to have a Netflix original special.
The Das special Abroad Understanding made its debut on the streaming platform in April 2017 and tackled nationalism, globalism, good food, and bad politics in two crosscut performances in New York and New Delhi.
According to deadline.com, the first of the two newly ordered specials will be shot in San Francisco at the Regency Ballroom on 14 July.
Updated Date: May 30, 2018 20:15 PM
Sierra Leone's Minister of Foreign Affairs, Allie Kabba, has requested Nigeria's assistance in energy, education and health sectors.
Mr Kabba,who made the call on Wednesday in Abuja when he visited his Nigerian counterpart, Geoffrey Onyeama, also requested Nigeria's help for his country's energy sector.
He said that the new government in Sierra Leone was voted on the basis of its manifesto and was committed to providing disciplined leadership.
He explained that the provision of quality education was the flagship of the government's programme and said the government would not let the people down in delivering its mandate
“We will instill discipline in the leadership and make sure that every child in our country has access to quality education. So, that is why education is the centrepiece.
“In fact, it is the flagship programme of our new government and we are working on that.
“I hope that we can count on the support of Nigeria not just in the area of providing classrooms but also providing the teachers.
“Our joint commission over the years stipulates that trained teachers from Nigeria should be sent to help us.
According to him, the technical assistance will make a big difference as the government moves forward in translating its manifesto into reality.
He said that the administration also takes the health sector very central noting that the country has been trying to rebuild its health infrastructure after its civil war.
“The diagnostic tools are really challenges to us and that is why those who have the means have to come to Nigeria or Ghana
“And, of course they require foreign exchange that is straining on us too and we want to make sure that those diagnostic tools are available locally,” he said.
He expressed gratitude to Nigeria for sending doctors and nurses to assist in the health sector.
“We are very grateful for that, because that is the area we need more help.
“So that those who served their two years are replaced quickly so we don't create a gap in the health delivery system.
“We also need the help of Nigeria in the energy sector,” he added.
Mr Onyeama pledged Nigeria's support to the new government, stressing that the present administration had been supportive to the country.
The minister said that President Muhammadu Buhari supported the country during the election and also during the tragic mudslide in the country.
He promised Nigeria's assistance through the Technical Aid Corps.
“We have a joint cooperation of bi-national commission that has been moribund to certain extent and we will certainly cooperate to reinvigorate it.
“So we will get started on that on time and other areas that we have to cooperate.”
Republican Gov. Larry Hogan has launched his first political ad of the election season, part of a $1.3 million counter-offensive to protect his popular image as the crowded field of Democrats fight for their party's nomination.
Hogan's ad — and his entire strategy as he runs unopposed during the primary election — focuses on his re-election theme of turning the state around.
What the ad says:
The one-minute ad paints a dismal portrait of Maryland before Hogan was elected. A narrator's voice claims that half the state's residents wanted to move after enduring 43 tax hikes, “even taxing the rain.” The narrator says 8,000 businesses and 100,000 jobs “were lost,” though it doesn't specify a time frame.
The tone and color pallet turn vibrant as the ad lists what Hogan considers his top accomplishments. He claims to have provided $1.2 billion in tax, toll and fee relief, four years with “no tax increases,” record funding for schools, the “healthiest Chesapeake Bay in a generation,” repairs to the state's infrastructure and rising employment and wages.
The ad claims: “Maryland is coming back.”
The tone then shifts again, back to gray, as the sound of explosions and broken glass evoke the 2015 Baltimore riots. The narrator says: “When we needed a leader, Larry Hogan was there.”
It then shifts again to vibrant tones and footage of Hogan receiving chemotherapy for non-Hodgkin lymphoma. “When Larry Hogan needed us, we returned the favor,” the ad says.
It concludes with footage of Hogan running a footrace and says, “Together, we're stronger than ever. Maryland Strong. Larry Hogan. Governor.”
The facts:
While it is true Maryland saw unemployment rise and businesses close during the tenure of Hogan's predecessor, Democrat Martin O'Malley, Hogan's ad selectively picks statistics from the worst of the recession. His claim that 100,000 jobs were lost is based on just three years of O'Malley's eight years, 2007-2010.
Hogan also inflates the amount of money he's returned to taxpayers. His $1.2 billion figure includes some credible claims of tax cuts, including policies he pushed to lower taxes for military retirees and help small businesses who voluntarily provide paid sick leave.
It also takes credit for tax relief pressed by Democratic lawmakers and for existing programs such as the state's film and cybersecurity tax credits. The film tax credit will give the film industry $45 million in subsidies over the next five years. Over the same period, the cybersecurity tax credit will give $18 million to people who invest in those companies.
Maryland gubernatorial candidates are lining up to oppose Republican Gov. Larry Hogan, who officially filed for re-election Feb. 22. For our coverage of these candidates, visit this page.
Most dubious is Hogan's counting of the $240 million that the Supreme Court ordered the state to return to taxpayers who were overcharged on their income taxes.
It also is inaccurate to say there have been no new tax increases during Hogan's tenure.
State tax bills are expected to rise next year for 22 percent of taxpayers, by an average of $730, as a result of changes driven by federal tax reform. The governor also helped champion a new state-level tax on insurance carriers to generate $350 million to help shore up the individual health insurance market. Hogan's staff says the tax is not “new” because it had previously been paid to the federal government, which discontinued it for 2019.
By any measure, Hogan's broad claims about the state's economy are true now that the recession has ended and the state is in a much better position than it was four years ago. His claim that nearly half the state wanted to leave before he was elected is based on a 2013 Gallup poll that showed 47 percent of Maryland respondents would relocate if they could. There's been no follow-up poll to demonstrate whether this is still the case.
Hogan's claim about the Chesapeake Bay holds up. He quotes a Baltimore Sun article from May 2017 that said scientists gave the bay its highest grade since 1992 — a “C.”
Analysis: Hogan's ads are a solid counterpunch to Democrats trying to convince voters he needs to be defeated. It deftly reminds viewers that Hogan showed leadership during the Baltimore riots and depth of character during his battle with cancer. Although the implication that he turned around the economy and his claim of $1.2 billion in tax relief are overinflated, they effectively support the governor's message that the state has been better off with Hogan at the helm.
ecox@baltsun.com
twitter.com/ErinatTheSun
TENNIS star Caroline Wozniacki flew into a rage over a barrage of randy flying ants at Wimbledon today as her hopes of winning the title were sunk in the second round.
Wozniacki, 27, became infuriated by the swarm of insects invading SW19 as she played against unseeded Ekaterina Makarova on Court One.
The Australian Open champion appeared visibly angry with the onslaught of wing-creatures that flew into her face and hair as she played in baking heat.
During the game, Wozniacki asked the umpire if anything could be done to repel the bugs from the court, suggesting it was affecting her performance.
She said: "They're in my mouth and in my hair and everywhere – we need to do something. Is there a spray?
"I want to be here to focus on tennis, not eating bugs."
GETTY WING AND A PRAYER: Wozniacki asked for spray to repel the flies from SW19
The Dane, who was seeded second in the tournament, went on to lose the game 6-4 1-6 7-5 to Russian Makarova, ranked 25 in the world.
She was down 1-5 in the final set, but made a stunning comeback, saving four match points to level with Makarova at 5-5.
But her efforts proved futile as she lost the next two games, meaning Makarova will go on to face Czech player Lucie Safarova in the third round.
AFP BUZZ OFF: Wozniacki appeared visibly angry as she complained about flies on court
GETTY INVASION: Wozniacki, 27, became infuriated by the swarm of insects
“I want to be here to focus on tennis, not eating bugs” Caroline Wozniacki Wozniacki is the biggest name yet to exit The Championships early, but her loss is far from the biggest upset given Petra Kvitova, Maria Sharapova and Sloane Stephens were all defeated by far lower-ranked opposition.
Makarova was buzzing with her performance, telling media she was “really nervous” about playing Wozniacki, a former world number one.
On what is known as “Flying Ant Day” – when flies start mating during summer – large numbers descended on SW19.
Blonde ambition: Brit babe Katie Boulter aims for Wimbledon breakthrough Katie Boulter, 21, is tipped for Wimbledon success. 1 / 14 Instagram Wimbledon star Katie Boulter in pictures
More motorists are charged with drink-driving in largely rural areas, an investigation suggests.
Figures obtained by the Press Association indicate Lincolnshire prosecutes the most per population, followed by North Wales, Warwickshire, Dyfed-Powys and North Yorkshire.
The results, based on Freedom of Information requests, prompted calls for better public transport in rural areas and warnings to anyone tempted to drink and drive over the festive period.
A total of 31 forces out of 45 provided figures over a 12 month period to May 2017.
The results showed that Lincolnshire charged 1,035 motorists, 14 per 10,000 population.
North Wales Police was second with 11.2 charges per 10,000 followed by Warwickshire Police with 10.5, Dyfed-Powys with 9.5 and North Yorkshire with 9.2.
In the North East, Cleveland had the highest rate after charging 484 motorists - or 8.61 per 10,000 population.
Cumbria was 421 (8.45), Northumbria 1,003 (6.98) and Durham 389 (6.22).
Police Scotland had the highest overall total, at 3,797.
But the force covers the biggest area and the second largest population, and has a lower legal limit than the rest of the UK - 22 micrograms per 100ml of breath, compared to 35 micrograms.
Chief Superintendent Stewart Carle, Police Scotland's road policing lead, said the trend is actually downwards.
AA president Edmund King said the figures could relate to poorer public transport.
He added: "It could also be down to more targeted police enforcement, but whatever the reasons, there is no excuse for drink-driving."
The figures come with the annual crackdown on drink-driving over the festive period under way.
Separate figures published last week by the Institute of Alcohol Studies suggested the number of breath tests carried out on England's roads has fallen by 27% in five years as forces cut traffic officer numbers.
Jason Wakeford, director of campaigns for road safety charity Brake, said: "Drink-driving remains one of the biggest killers on our roads, causing devastation to families up and down the country.
"It is essential that police forces are provided with the resources they require to crack down on drink-drivers throughout the year."
Arcelor Mittal South Africa, the embattled subsidiary of Indian steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal's global steel empire, may get a lifeline from its empowerment partner Likamva Resources which is willing to increase its stake in Africa's biggest steel producer.Arcelor Mittal South Africa (AMSA), born out of Mittal's buyout of state steel manufacturer Iscor more than a decade ago after the steel magnate first rescued it from total collapse, last made a profit seven years ago.After a peak in the middle of 2008, AMSA's share price has seen a 98 per cent drop.Even though AMSA produces about 70 per cent of South Africa's steel, the current recession in the country as well as cheaper Chinese imports have seen it take a battering.Last year, there was urgent government intervention after Mittal's threatened closure of one of its plants put the lives of the entire town of Vanderbijlpark, south of Johannesburg, in jeopardy through unemployment.Now AMSA's Black economic empowerment partner Likamva Resources (LR) says it is willing to increase its 17 per cent stake in Africa's biggest steel producer despite its loss-making record, the weekly Sunday Times reported.Noluthando Gosa, a partner at LR, told the weekly that if resources and funds permitted it, the company would inject the capital needed to help AMSA.But any changes in this increased shareholding would have to be sanctioned by the company's London-based parent.Amid speculation about a possible sell-off, AMSA remained optimistic about its prospects in the face of these challenges."Several initiatives are under review by AMSA's executive team to improve the company's performance," an AMSA spokesman said.Analysts appeared to concur that it would not be viable to sell AMSA. Wade Napier at Avior Capital Markets gave two reasons for this the hard work Mittal had done in securing an operating licence in South Africa; and the fact that any sale was likely to involve a significant discount demand.Makwe Masilela at BP Bernstein suggested that AMSA might just need to sell off parts of its business and secure the support of the government.Such support has already come in the form of safeguard duties on imports, due to be implemented in the second half of this year, which AMSA is banking on to help grow its earnings.
KUALA LUMPUR/SEOUL: The U.S. government strongly believes that North Korean agents murdered the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Malaysia, U.S. government sources said on Tuesday.
American authorities have not yet determined exactly how Kim Jong Nam was killed, according to two sources, who did not provide specific evidence to support the U.S. government's view.
A South Korean government source also had said that Kim Jong Nam had been murdered in Malaysia. He did not provide further details.
South Korea's foreign ministry said it could not confirm the reports, and the country's intelligence agency could not immediately be reached for comment.
In Washington, there was no immediate response to a request for comment from the Trump administration, which faces a stiff challenge from a defiant North Korea over its nuclear arms programme and the test of a ballistic missile last weekend.
Kim Jong Nam was known to spend a significant amount of his time outside North Korea and had spoken out publicly against his family's dynastic control of the isolated state.
If confirmed as an assassination, it would be the latest in a string of killings over the decades at home and abroad meant to silence those perceived by North Korea's leaders as threats to their authority, one of the U.S. sources said on condition of anonymity.
In a statement, Malaysian police said the dead man, 46, held a passport under the name Kim Chol.
Kim Jong Nam has been caught in the past using forged travel documents.
Malaysian police official Fadzil Ahmat said the cause of Kim's death was not yet known, and that a post mortem would be carried out.
"So far there are no suspects, but we have started investigations and are looking at a few possibilities to get leads," Fadzil told Reuters.
According to Fadzil, Kim had been planning to travel to Macau on Monday when he fell ill at the low-cost terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA).
"The deceased ... felt like someone grabbed or held his face from behind," Fadzil said. "He felt dizzy, so he asked for help at the ... counter of KLIA."
Kim was taken to an airport clinic where he still felt unwell, and it was decided to take him to hospital. He died in the ambulance on the way to Putrajaya Hospital, Fadzil added.
The U.S. government sources said it was possible that Kim Jong Nam had been poisoned. They said it could not be ruled out that assassins used some kind of "poison pen" device.
South Korea's TV Chosun, a cable-TV network, reported that Kim had been poisoned with a needle by two women believed to be North Korean operatives who fled in a taxi and were at large, citing multiple South Korean government sources.
Reuters could not independently confirm those details.
SECRETIVE FAMILY
Malaysia is one of a dwindling number of countries that has close relations with North Korea, which is under tightening global sanctions over its nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches, the latest of which took place on Sunday.
Malaysians and North Koreans can visit each other's country without visas.
A phone call to the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur late on Tuesday went straight to an answering machine.
Kim Jong Nam and Kim Jong-un are both sons of former North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, who died in late 2011, but they had different mothers.
Kim Jong Nam, the elder of the two, did not attend his father's funeral. His mother was an actress named Song Hye Rim, and Kim Jong Nam said his father kept his parents' relationship secret.
The portly and easygoing Kim Jong Nam was believed to be close to his uncle, Jang Song Thaek, who was North Korea's second most powerful man before being executed on Kim Jong-un's orders in 2013.
In an embarrassing 2001 incident, Kim Jong Nam was caught at an airport in Japan travelling on a forged Dominican Republic passport, saying he had wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland. He was known to travel to Hong Kong, Macau and China.
Koh Yu-hwan, a professor at Dongguk University in Seoul, said Kim Jong Nam had occasionally been the subject of speculation that he could replace his younger half-brother, the country's third-generation leader.
"Loyalists may have wanted to get rid of him," he said.
Kim Jong Nam said several times over the years that he had no interest in leading his country.
"Personally, I am against third-generation succession," he told Japan's Asahi TV in 2010. "I hope my younger brother will do his best for the sake of North Koreans' prosperous lives."
His cousin, Lee Han-young, who defected to South Korea through Switzerland in 1982, was shot and killed by North Korean agents in Seoul in 1997, according to South Korea.
Here's the latest booking activity from the Buchanan County Jail. All persons included in this post are innocent of crimes until proven guilty in a court of law. These are courtesy photos.
This information is provided by the Buchanan County Sheriff's Office and is not criminal history. The St Joseph Post assumes no legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, or completeness, of this information.
By Vibhor Relhan
The current President will complete his five-year term in July 2017. The Election Commission has announced that elections for the next President will be conducted on 17 July. These elections will be on the basis of single transferable voting (STV) that results in (approximately) proportional representation. The President is elected by the representatives of the people through an Electoral College.
This Electoral College consists of:
- the elected members of both Houses of Parliament (543 in Lok Sabha and 233 in Rajya Sabha) and
- the 4120 elected members of all the 31 Legislative Assemblies of the States (MLAs) including NCT of Delhi and the Union Territory of Puducherry.
In the college each MP and MLA is allocated a value to determine the vote value of an MLA, it is calculated on the basis of the population of the state to which the MLA belongs in 1971. Hence, the value of the vote of a MLA remains the same within his/her state but varies across different states. For instance, the value of an Uttar Pradesh MLA is 208 while that of a Sikkim MLA is 7. The sum total of the value of all MLAs' votes is equal to the value allocated to votes of all the MPs combined. All the MPs are allocated the same value for their vote.
Value of vote of a MLA is calculated as: Total population of the MLA's state in 1971 / (No. of elected MLAs in the state x 1000)
Value of vote of a MP is calculated as: Total value of votes of 4120 MLAs/776 (Total Number of MPs)
Every voter has one vote. Every voter can mark as many preferences, as there are candidates contesting the election. It is necessary for at least the first preference to be marked for the vote to be considered valid. A candidate needs to win the required number of votes (quota) to be elected. If no one achieves the required quota after the first round of counting the value of first preference votes, the candidate with the lowest value of votes is eliminated.
His/her votes are then transferred to the respective second preference mentioned (if any) on the votes he received. If no one still achieves the required quota, then the process will repeat till either:
- a candidate achieves the required quota or
- all candidates, except one, are eliminated.
Presidential Elections (July, 2017)
Let us assume that:
- no state assembly or Lok Sabha will be dissolved till July,
- no defections occur,
- all alliances remain same for electing Presidential candidate, and
- all MLAs and MPs vote along party lines (though whips cannot be issued for Presidential elections).
The electoral college consists of all the elected 776 MPs and 4120 MLAs. Table 1 depicts the statement of value of vote of each state's MLA and every MP for the elections.
Table 1: Statement of value of votes of elected members of the state legislative assemblies and Parliament 2017
Name of State No of Assembly seats (elective) Population (1971 Census) Value of vote of each MLA Total value of votes for the state Percentage of Total Value of Votes Total 4120 549302005 549495 50.00% 1 Andhra Pradesh 175 27800586 159 159 × 175 = 27825 2.53% 2 Arunachal Pradesh 60 467511 8 008 ×060 = 480 0.04% 3 Assam 126 14625152 116 116 ×126 = 14616 1.33% 4 Bihar 243 42126236 173 173 ×243 = 42039 3.83% 5 Chhattisgarh 90 11637494 129 129 ×090 = 11610 1.06% 6 Goa 40 795120 20 020 ×040 = 800 0.07% 7 Gujarat 182 26697475 147 147 ×182 = 26754 2.43% 8 Haryana 90 10036808 112 112 ×090 = 10080 0.92% 9 Himachal Pradesh 68 3460434 51 051 ×068 = 3468 0.32% 10 Jammu & Kashmir* 87 6300000 72 072 ×087 = 6264 0.57% 11 Jharkhand 81 14227133 176 176 ×081 = 14256 1.30% 12 Karnataka 224 29299014 131 131 ×224 = 29344 2.67% 13 Kerala 140 21347375 152 152 ×140 = 21280 1.94% 14 Madhya Pradesh 230 30016625 131 131 ×230 = 30130 2.74% 15 Maharashtra 288 50412235 175 175 ×288 = 50400 4.59% 16 Manipur 60 1072753 18 018 ×060 = 1080 0.10% 17 Meghalaya 60 1011699 17 017 ×060 = 1020 0.09% 18 Mizoram 40 332390 8 008 ×040 = 320 0.03% 19 Nagaland 60 516449 9 009 ×060 = 540 0.05% 20 Odisha 147 21944615 149 149 ×147 = 21903 1.99% 21 Punjab 117 13551060 116 116 ×117 = 13572 1.24% 22 Rajasthan 200 25765806 129 129 ×200 = 25800 2.35% 23 Sikkim 32 209843 7 007 ×032 = 224 0.02% 24 Tamil Nadu 234 41199168 176 176 ×234 = 41184 3.75% 25 Telangana 119 15702122 132 132 ×119 = 15708 1.43% 26 Tripura 60 1556342 26 026 ×060 = 1560 0.14% 27 Uttarakhand 70 4491239 64 064 ×070 = 4480 0.41% 28 Uttar Pradesh 403 83849905 208 208 ×403 = 83824 7.63% 29 West Bengal 294 44312011 151 151 ×294 = 44394 4.04% 30 Nct Of Delhi 70 4065698 58 058 ×070 = 4060 0.37% 31 Puducherry 30 471707 16 016 ×030 = 480 0.04%
Source: ECI, PRS
A) Value of each vote of members of parliament: total members Lok Sabha (543) + Rajya Sabha (233) = 776
Value of each vote = 549474/776 = 708
B) Total Value of Votes of 776 Members of Parliament = 708 X 776 = 5,49,408
C) Total Electors for The Presidential Election = MLAS (4120) + MPs (776) = 4,896
D) Total Value of 4896 Electors for The Presidential Election 2017 = 549474 + 549408 = 10,98,903
Determining the Quota:
The total value of votes of the electoral college is divided by two and one is added to the quotient to determine the required quota for victory. Hence, the quota is calculated as:
Quota = (549408+549495)/2 + 1
= 1098903/2 + 1
= 549451+1
= 549452
Based on the knowledge of seats held by each party in the respective states and Parliament, and the value of votes of each MP and MLA from Table 1, we have calculated the total value of votes of each party in Table 2:
Table 2: Party-wise strength in terms of total value of votes
Party Total Seats Total Value of Votes Percentage of Total Value of Votes Total 4896 1098903 100% 1 Bharatiya Janata Party 1728 433536 39.5% 2 Indian National Congress 902 162829 14.8% 3 All India Trinamool Congress 258 64447 5.9% 4 All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam 189 59224 5.4% 5 Biju Janata Dal 145 37257 3.4% 6 Telugu Desam 127 32190 2.9% 7 Communist Party Of India (Marxist) 154 26474 2.4% 8 Samajwadi Party 72 26366 2.4% 9 Shiv Sena 84 25893 2.4% 10 Janta Dal (United) 96 20736 1.9% 11 Telangana Rashtra Samithi 85 20935 1.9% 12 Rashtriya Janata Dal 87 18796 1.7% 13 Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam 95 18528 1.7% 14 Yuvajana Sramika Rythu Congress Party 76 17574 1.6% 15 Nationalist Congress Party 60 15624 1.4% 16 Independent 99 14950 1.4% 17 Bahujan Samaj Party 34 9399 0.9% 18 Aam Aadmi Party 89 8922 0.8% 19 Janta Dal (Secular) 46 7820 0.7% 20 Shiromani Akali Dal 23 6808 0.6% 21 Others 433 66979 6.1% 22 Vacant 14 3616 0.3%
Source: ECI, PRS;
Note: Others include all parties with less than 5,500 votes or 0.5% of the total vote share. Party strengths calculated according to the seat tally at the time of the latest assembly election in any given state. By-elections have been taken into account. Mergers of parties has been taken into account. Defections have been accounted for only in Karnataka (KJP to BJP), Sikkim (SKM to SDF) and Arunachal (INC to PPA to BJP) since they were significant in number. Not accounting for other minor defections does not affect the outcomes significantly.
A candidate who gets 549,452 votes will win the election. If no candidate gets to this mark, the second and further preferences may be counted until the mark is reached or everyone else is eliminated. While the BJP falls short of the quota by 1,15,896 votes, the shortfall would be 23, 278 votes if all NDA allies support its candidate. The position of the NDA (5,26,174) and UPA (2,10,674) is depicted in the following figure at the two ends of the chart. All other major parties and independents are marked in the Middle.
The author is a program associate at PRS Legislative Research. He manages engagement with state legislators at PRS.
The Catholic Diocese of Makurdi has confirmed the killing of two of its priests, Rev Fathers Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha, in an early hour attack on St Ignatius Quasi Parish, Ukpor, Mbalom in Gwer West Local Government Council of Benue.
A statement by its Director of Communications, Rev Fr Moses Iorapuu, said that the attacks were perpetrated by herdsmen who stormed the Mbalom community and killed the two priests during the morning mass at the church.
The Diocese expressed regret at the nonchalant attitude of the security agencies in containing the killings.
It said the herdsmen, who stormed the community, burnt down houses, destroyed crops and killed people.
The church, therefore, urged the relevant authorities to stop the killings in the Benue valley.
Iorapuu said the Diocese had been active in providing food and relief materials to Internally Displaced Persons (IDP's) since the onset of hostilities in the state and wondered why it could be marked as a target of attacks.
“The attacks on the priests is an attack on everything that we ever stood for and believed in.”
Meanwhile, concerted efforts to get reaction from the Benue Police Command failed as its Public Relations Officer, ASP Moses Yamu, was not forthcoming with remarks.
Searching for a power outlet to charge your drained iPhone may become a thing of the past, after a device manufacturer for Apple said wireless charging for iPhones is currently in the works.
Taiwanese iPhone assembler Wistron - which has manufacturing plants in India - said waterproof and wireless charging features will be added to the new 5.5-inch models to be launched later this year, the Nikkei Asian Review reported.
"Assembly process for the previous generations of (iPhones) have not changed much, though new features like waterproof and wireless charging now require some different testing, and waterproof function will alter the assembly process a bit," the company's chief executive Robert Hwang was quoted by the report as saying on Wednesday (Jun 14).
Wistron is one of the latest manufacturers to have begun assembling Apple's iPhones, according to the Verge. It underwent a trial period with the iPhone SE which began shipping to India in May. The company is also reportedly assembling the iPhone 6S model.
WIRELESS RUMOURS
Advertisement
Advertisement
This is not the first time that a wireless charging feature for the next iPhone model has been mentioned. In February, analyst Ming-Chi Kuo from KGI Securities wrote in a research note, which was published on MacRumors, that these features will be incorporated in the three iPhones to be released this year.
Purported leaks of a simplified diagram and a photo of what seemed like the front and back panels made of glass - which is required for wireless charging - have also surfaced online.
Back in 2016, Bloomberg reported that Apple was in midst of developing "cutting edge" technology that would enable wireless charging.
After an opening two days in which seeds perished in the hot Wimbledon sunshine there was some respite on Wednesday as several favoured players eased into the third round.
LONDON: After an opening two days in which seeds perished in the hot Wimbledon sunshine there was some respite on Wednesday as several favoured players eased into the third round.
An unprecedented 11 men's seeds and 10 on the women's side, including four of the top eight, failed to make it past the first round at the England Club.
Advertisement
With the number of seeds set to drop from 32 back to 16 at Grand Slams from next year the rate of attrition will slow.
American Madison Keys, the 10th seed, made sure she was not amongst the casualties when she beat Thailand's Luksika Kumkhum 6-4 6-3 on Wednesday and there were also wins for ninth seed Venus Williams and number seven Karolina Pliskova.
While the loss of former champions Petra Kvitova and Maria Sharapova on Tuesday, not to mention Keys's friend Sloane Stephens the day before, surprised many, Keys said it just proved the high level of the field.
"I think it just shows the depth of women's tennis right now," the 23-year-old told Reuters.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I think at the beginning of a tournament, you'd never know who's going to win. There are no 100 percent winners anymore. I think every single match is competitive."
While 23-times Grand Slam champion Serena Williams remains the benchmark for women's tennis, the scramble to take advantage of her maternity leave backed up the Keys argument.
After the 36-year-old American won the 2017 Australian Open, five different players won the next five women's majors.
"There's just an abundance of talent but it's very unpredictable at the top," three-time Wimbledon champion Chris Evert said on the eve of Wimbledon where she is working as a summariser for broadcaster ESPN.
"There are 10 women that can win a Grand Slam. It's unpredictable. It's still wonderful to watch."
Women's world number one Simona Halep, who moved easily into round two, said seeds were even more vulnerable at Wimbledon where players often arrive with little grasscourt practice.
"Here on grass, you don't know what to expect," the Romanian said. "Some players can play the best tennis. The top players can play a little bit less. You never know."
The men's draw has already lost sixth seed Grigor Dimitrov, 10th seed David Goffin and number seven Dominic Thiem, the latter because of an injury during his match. French 17th seed Lucas Pouille was cast aside on Wednesday by Austrian qualifier Dennis Novak, ranked 152 places below him.
American Sam Querrey, seeded 11, and Canada's Milos Raonic, the 13th seed, both rolled through to the third round though.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; editing by Clare Fallon)
It's built into the way most of us parent. We praise our kids for everything they do – broad praise that actually means little but has a major impact. Contrary to what many parents think, the impact is not positive.
Authors Po Bronson and Ashley Merryman share the negative impacts of overpraising kids in their book “NurtureShock: New Thinking About Children.” They emphasize the importance of praising a child's sincere effort and improvement on a task as opposed to labeling them as smart and throwing praise at everything they do. Kids who are overpraised and labeled as naturally smart are actually less likely to take on challenging tasks. They veer away from anything that takes effort.
More recent research has gone even further in proving that overpraising is a big mistake. Besides encouraging our kids to give up when things get hard, it also gives them inflated egos and may cause them to become narcissists later in life.
Though research points out that there may also be a genetic link to narcissism, children who are already predisposed and grow up with parents who constantly overestimate their worth and abilities stand a higher chance of turning into narcissists.
Do we say nothing?
The hardest part about this information is that parents, especially in the Western world, are primed to praise. We want to tell our kids how well they are doing, and we want them to feel valued.
These aren't bad desires, but raising kids who constantly reach for external praise, especially if we offer it when they don't do anything extraordinary, is a bad idea. We want kids to be intrinsically motivated, working to achieve their best because they want to.
There is praise we can offer in the right circumstances that can point kids inward. It can also focus them on hard work and effort as opposed to innate smarts. Instead of falling back on the old “I'm so proud of you” try one of these alternatives.
You should be proud of you
When we tell our kids we're proud of them, we train them to seek out our approval. We should teach them to seek out self-approval, being proud of an accomplishment when they know they put in all the effort they could.
This doesn't mean only being proud of themselves when they come in first place. Teaching our kids to be proud of themselves means teaching them that life is about the journey. Maybe they made a B on a test, but they know how hard they studied and what a challenge the class was, so they are proud of that B more than they would be an A in an easy class. It's a lesson in appreciating their own effort.
That took a lot of work
There is nothing wrong with acknowledging how hard our kids work. The key is to make sure the work is worthy of notice and to praise the effort, not the outcome. Praising the effort means our kids will learn to appreciate the work part of succeeding instead of assuming it should come easily.
I see the progress you've made
My oldest daughter sauntered into a gymnastics class and displayed the cartwheels and round offs she taught herself in our backyard. She walked out an hour later in tears.
Her form needed work, and this gym offered her challenges she'd never dreamed of facing. After she fell, her coach wisely gave her the advice that gymnastics is like life: What matters is if you get back up.
She did, and every week she's improved. I've told her that, never falling for the trap of telling her she's doing everything perfectly. That would be insincere and untrue, and she knows it. Praising her progress gives me a way to offer affirmation for her hard work and encourage her to appreciate the effort she's put into gymnastics.
You grew a lot from that challenge
Acknowledging failure is necessary. No one is going to win all the time, and participation trophies given to everyone often rob our children of the chances to experience, and learn from, failure.
We can talk to our kids about experiences that don't go well while still praising their ability to grow through the situation. Maybe a child doesn't make the team or win first place. Instead of railing against the people who didn't choose them or making excuses for why they lost, we can point out ways they grew. Did they try something difficult, develop a new skill, or find a new passion they can continue to follow? All of these are worthy of our attention.
Changing our method doesn't mean withholding affirmation
We don't have to be stoic, unresponsive parents to raise kids who are intrinsically motivated, nor do we have to underplay the accomplishments that are worthy of notice. What we need to do is become aware of how often we train our kids to seek external motivation and how much we heap empty praise on our kids for doing the bare minimum.
Withholding praise feels foreign at first, but it's a change that offers long-term benefits to our kids. Reducing the risk of raising a narcissist and teaching kids that hard work is an important part of life are benefits that make watching our words worth the trouble.
While leaders have a duty to help bring high-paying jobs to the area, the business or person initiating each project must also do his part. Project leaders must operate with integrity, due diligence and with respect to neighbors who could be affected by the change. Careful steps should be taken to minimize negative impacts and to protect our natural resources and western quality of life.
The project proposed by Ramaco (which has various subsidiaries and connected operations under other names), could be another big break for Sheridan County, much like the recently announced move of Weatherby, Inc. to the area. While the jobs created within the manufacturing and research facilities may only number around one or two dozen, they would add to the local economy, and the potential for expansion certainly exists.
The proposed Brook Mine, which would provide coal for the Ramaco facilities, could bring even more jobs to the area. These are all good things.
Ramaco and its representatives, though, haven't always presented themselves as good neighbors. Nearby landowners have expressed frustrations with the lack of information provided by the company, the unwillingness to hear concerns and, most recently, “false personal attacks” against those who oppose or want more protections established within the project.
In a filing with Sheridan County, Ramaco's attorney stated that “Sheridan will not grow and develop in a valuable way by just adding more coffee shops. It needs real jobs that generate serious new economic activity and taxes.” That statement diminishes the hard work of small business owners and doesn't belong in an application to the county for a new project. In fact, the half-dozen or so coffee shops in town likely employ (as a combined total) a similar number of individuals Ramaco proposes to hire for its research and manufacturing facilities initially.
If it's necessary to belittle the hard work of others to advance your cause, you need to examine the cause you champion and perhaps try another tactic. Public relations matter, and Ramaco has some work to do.
Kwara State Governor Abdulfatah Ahmed on Tuesday approved the appointment of Abdul-Azeez Muhammad as Special Assistant on Fulani Affairs to represent Miyetti-Allah in his administration.
The Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Isiaka Gold, made this known in a statement issued on Tuesday in Ilorin, the State capital.
According to the statement, the appointment was driven by Governor Ahmed's commitment to ensure harmonious relationship between herdsmen, farmers and other segments of the society.
It said that the appointment would also serve to ease communication between members of Miyetti-Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN), the government and local farmers in the State.
The statement recalled that the decision to appoint a Special Assistant on Fulani Affairs was reached at the enlarged meeting of the State Security Committee held recently.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The January death of 21-month-old Anthony L. Puscavage was initially treated as possible abuse, but the death was eventually ruled to be an accident, county officials said.
PLYMOUTH — The case spotlighted in a recent critical report of Luzerne County and Children and Youth centers around the January death of a 21-month-old boy who was living with his grandparents in Plymouth, The Citizens' Voice has learned.
While investigators initially treated the death of Anthony L. Puscavage as a possible criminal act, the death was eventually ruled to be an accident, multiple county officials have said.
Few details have been publicly released since the boy's Jan. 11 death. The county coroner's office on Tuesday declined to release information and the county's solicitor said the Right-to-Know law exempts the release of records about minors.
A report filed by the state Department of Human Services about statewide child deaths for the first quarter of 2015 indicates its belief the boy died “as a result of physical abuse” that left him with bruises, a blown-out pupil, facial scratches, and brain bleeds.
The boy's great-grandmother, Katherine Shotwell, on Tuesday disputed the initial speculation that abuse caused the injuries.
“She did not hit those kids. She was good to those kids,” Shotwell, 71, of Wilkes-Barre said of her daughter Brenda Wilkes.
Wilkes and her husband had custody of Puscavage and three of her other grandchildren, living on Shawnee Avenue in Plymouth. After the boy's death, the other three children were taken into protective custody. They remain in foster care, Shotwell said.
“It's been nerve-wracking,” Shotwell said. “All we hope for is to get the babies back. That's all she wants.”
The critical report by the state Office of Children, Youth, and Families — an agency of the Pennsylvania Department of Human Services — downgraded Luzerne County Children and Youth's operating license to provisional status.
The report does not name Wilkes, but criticizes Luzerne County Children and Youth's decision to place the four children with a “relative” without checking background clearances or reviewing internal agency records of the person.
If they did, they would have discovered the relative “had a long prior history with children and youth, including placement of her children, child abuse, and termination of her parental rights,” the report says.
Shotwell confirmed Wilkes had dealt with Children and Youth in the past while raising her own kids.
“Years back, but she fought and got her kids back,” Shotwell said. “She passed the background checks and everything.”
She said Wilkes became approved as a kinship foster parent, which is legal child placement with a relative.
Wilkes did not return telephone messages on Tuesday and nobody answered the door of her home.
In the wake of controversy, state Rep. Tarah Toohil, R-Drums, on Tuesday said she will be seeking legislative oversight of Luzerne County Children and Youth. She called the situation “alarming and completely unacceptable.”
“As a result, my colleagues and I will be exerting as much legislative oversight as possible. I plan on personally going through and scrutinizing each one of these instances; where there has been a violation, where there has been the death of a child,” Toohil said. “Each case needs to be looked at with another pair of eyes to see what the problems are and to immediately correct them. By fixing what is wrong in Luzerne County, we are going to be able to better protect these children. “
Toohil noted there are about 400 children in the care of Luzerne County Children and Youth at any given time.
“We need to ensure they are as safe as possible and that no more tragedies occur,” Toohil said.
bkalinowski@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2055, @cvbobkal
SHERIDAN — Last year, a young man and his mom drove past Sheridan Memorial Hospital when the man noticed something was missing…Santa.
Nine-year-old Dominic Destefano had loved seeing the Santa and sleigh that was displayed on the hospital roof for many years. According to Destefano, that Santa was one of his favorite memories for as long as he can remember, which he thinks is about four years. When he drove by last year and noticed it was gone, he really missed it and asked his mom where it was. After making a phone call to the hospital, it was discovered that over the years of being out in the wind and other weather, Santa had finally fallen apart and was not able to be displayed that year.
When Destefano's mom, Jennifer, explained what the decoration meant to her son, the hospital staff knew something needed to be done and went to work to find a new Santa.
After researching rooftop decorations, the hospital staff chose a new Santa design and partnered with the Sheridan Memorial Hospital Foundation and Auxiliary to make the new Santa a reality. They also reached out to Sheridan's own Craftco Metals Services to see if this was something the company's team could build. Craftco employees were up to the challenge.
After showing the photo to and visiting with Josh Sharp at Craftco, the staff took on the project.
Once Santa was designed and in the process of being built, the SMH staff had one final task — lights. SMH's own Curtis Rivers is usually found taking care of any number of things around the hospital campus, but, much like the team at Craftco, he was more than willing to take on the task of lighting the 40-foot-by-24-foot Santa. Rivers and his crew worked for many days making sure Santa would look perfect once displayed on the roof.
HALIFAX — A weatherman says he got more than he bargained for during a recent trip to a Costco in Halifax after finding a live scorpion in a bag of bananas.
Nathan Coleman, a reporter for The Weather Network, says he was unloading groceries when his 11-year-old daughter spotted something squirming in a plastic bag.
Coleman says he dismissed the rustling until his mother put the bananas away and noticed the barb-tailed insect.
He says he double-bagged the scorpion and drove to the Nova Scotia Museum of Natural History, where it has been jarred for observation.
Coleman says a warehouse manager has apologized to him and says Costco is looking into the incident, but he thinks the product should be pulled from the shelves in the interest of safety.
He says he's hoping to find out whether the scorpion is venomous and how it was able to journey thousands of kilometres.
REUTERS: Newcastle United were stunned 1-0 at Blackburn Rovers on Monday as their winter wobbles continued, with Brighton overtaking them into top spot in the English Championship after coming from behind to beat Fulham 2-1 away.
Chris Hughton's Brighton extended their winning streak to five matches as they scored two goals in two second-half minutes through substitute Tomer Hemed and Lewis Dunk to battle back from Lucas Piazon's 55th-minute opener.
Visiting goalkeeper David Stockdale had also saved Stefan Johansen's first-half penalty and Brighton move up to 54 points in the second-tier Championship, two ahead of Newcastle with a game in hand on their promotion rivals.
Newcastle has now lost two in their last three matches and dropped to second after Charlie Mulgrew's deft free kick handed Blackburn all three points at Ewood Park.
The Scotland international scored the winner - another excellent free kick - as Blackburn bested Newcastle at St. James' Park in November, and he repeated the trick on Monday when he sent a delicious effort past Karl Darlow in the 74th minute.
Mo Diame had hit the woodwork during a frustrating first half for Newcastle, who dominated but could find no way past the impressive Jason Steele.
"It's difficult to explain," Newcastle manager Rafael Benitez told journalists. "What we had to do was the same things in the second half as the first.
"We lost control of the game for five minutes and conceded."
Blackburn had not won in six games before their unlikely triumph and, while they remain in the relegation zone, they move up to 24 points, one behind Burton Albion in 21st.
Third-placed Reading demonstrated their promotion credentials with an excellent 3-2 come-from-behind victory at Bristol City, while Huddersfield Town and Leeds United also consolidated their playoff positions with victories over Wigan Athletic and Rotherham United respectively.
(Reporting by Ed Dove; Editing by Clare Fallon)
South Sudanese President Salva Kiir has travelled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, for a one-day State visit, the presidency said.
President Kiir was accompanied by the country's chief peace negotiator and government ministers for talks with Ethiopian Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed.
The South Sudanese leader is expected to brief the Ethiopian prime minister about South Sudan's position on the peace talks led by the East African regional bloc, the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD).
“The president of the republic would discuss with the new Ethiopian Prime Minister the government's position on the recent IGAD proposal on the revival of the country's peace,” the presidency said.
It is Kiir's first visit to Ethiopia since the resignation of former Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn. Ethiopia is hosting peace talks aimed at reviving South Sudan's stalled 2015 peace deal.
The second round of the High Level Revitalization Forum ended last week without any deal after the warring parties rejected a proposed power sharing deal developed by IGAD. IGAD is yet to announce the next date for the negotiations.
In a press statement, spokesperson of Ethiopia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MoFA), also said Kiir is expected to hold discussion with Abiy Ahmed on ways to end South Sudan's civil war.
Ethiopia is the chair of IGAD that has been trying to reconcile South Sudan warring parties ever since civil war broke out in December 2013.
Ethiopia was also host to the peace agreement signed in August 2015, between South Sudan President Salva Kiir and his ex-deputy Riek Machar. Renewed fighting in July 2016, however, led to the weakening of the agreement with South Sudan government and rebels accusing each other of restarting the hostilities.
At a recording studio at Northeastern University on a recent Saturday morning, student band Squitch was finishing up recording songs for their simply brilliant second album, “Uncle Steve in Spirit” (2018). For over an hour, Emma Unterseher, Emma Spooner (who prefers to go by Spooner) and Denzil Leach recorded melodic vocals and bass lines, planned their upcoming tour and discussed picking classes for the fall semester. It's this balance, being in college and recording music, that may seem incredibly stressful, but Squitch works very well with it.
Spooner, a New Hampshire native, created Squitch in high school, but the band found its current lineup after Spooner and Unterseher became roommates through a Facebook group for accepted students at Emerson College in the fall 2017 semester.
“I remember just seeing [Unterseher] posted a picture of her in a cowboy hat with the caption, ‘I am a city cowboy,' and I was like, ‘I want to be this person's friend!'” Spooner said.
Originally, the two did not have plans to be in a band together, but throughout the fall semester, jam sessions between the two transformed. Later, Spooner brought her longtime friend Leach, a junior at Northeastern, onto Squitch. The rest is history.
Squitch's dynamic is fluid, especially in the different roles the trio plays in writing, recording and releasing the music.
“It's not like one of us, like, just plays bass. It's really collaborative,” Spooner said.
The band describes its initial music as “fruit punk,” a genre that combines punk rock sounds with bedroom pop melodies. Now, with “Uncle Steve in Spirit,” the band explores a darker sound. At Northeastern, the trio finished recording vocals for “Electricity,” a song off the album while discussing their upcoming tour, which created an excited buzz in the studio.
As of now, the band performs across the greater Boston area at college shows and private house venues. In May, Squitch will travel across the northeastern and midwestern United States, from Providence to New York City to Chicago. Throughout their previous performances, they have met other Boston-based student bands, sharing music and making friends.
“There is a really good DIY community here of networking and student bands,” Spooner said.
This comes as no surprise; greater Boston has many music programs across its colleges, fostering many student bands. The difference for Squitch, however, is that this is a passion project.
Unterseher emphasized this passion when speaking about her experience with the group.
“Being a member of Squitch is magical,” Unterseher told the Daily in an electronic message. “It's hard work, but getting to create something with two of my closest friends, and bring it into the world and have it heard, is unbelievably validating. I love Spooner and Denzil intensely, and playing together feels, well, natural.”
At Emerson, Spooner studies business of creative enterprises, while Unterseher studies visual and media aarts. Leach studies bioengineering at Northeastern.
Spooner explained that being in Squitch was not about finding fame, but rather about being a part of something that she is proud of.
“I don't really have any expectations for it; it's not super important to me that a bunch of people like it,” Spooner said. “I'm proud of it, and I love being a part of it. Like, if anything happened to it, that'd be great. I think it's more just like, expectations will lead to disappointment.”
Squitch is on both Spotify and Apple Music, streaming platforms where listeners can explore their previous music, like their first album, “Caterpillar Killer,” which was released in September 2016 and made by Leach and Spooner in high school. The band thrives on Bandcamp, a website that allows emerging bands like Squitch to post their music for free and fans to name their price to buy their albums. Squitch's music relies heavily on themes of queerness, relationships and individuality, but these are also mixed with fresh sounds, especially on “Uncle Steve in Spirit.”
There are deep moments of anger, like opening track “Dogfight,” in which Spooner sings, “I'm not all right, when I'm sleeping at night.” There are also moments of almost nostalgic emptiness, like “Candle Wax,” and harder jams, like “Eat Yrself Alive.” The album flows through ideas and themes, developing each in maturity beyond the band's years. If “Uncle Steve in Spirit” is any indication of the future of Boston's student music scene, then it seems that Boston is in the very safe hands of Squitch.
CARDIFF: Wales got their Six Nations campaign up and running with a 34-7 bonus point thrashing of Scotland in what was Warren Gatland's 50th win in charge of his adopted country.
The New Zealander selected 10 Scarlets players hoping they could transfer their regional form on to the international stage and they delivered in stunning fashion with all 34 of the home points coming from men from the Llanelli-based team.
Two tries from Leigh Halfpenny, who contributed 24 points, and efforts from Gareth Davies and electric winger Steffan Evans sent Scotland crashing back down to earth.
The visitors could only muster a Peter Horne try and a Finn Russell conversion.
The hosts made two nervy errors in the first five minutes with Davies kicking out on the full and then missing a tackle on Jonny Gray who surged forward.
But the home scrum-half quickly made amends for his earlier errors by intercepting an Ali Price pass and showing blistering pace to run in from 60 metres out. Halfpenny converted.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Wales came close when man of the match Aaron Shingler made a blistering break from his own half before offloading to Dragons lock Cory Hill, who in turn passed to Rob Evans.
The Scarlets prop then passed back inside to Alun Wyn Jones only for Steffan Evans to spill the ball forward with the line at his mercy.
HALFPENNY ENDS TRY DROUGHT
With Scotland pinned in their own 22, the ball was then spun wide to Hadleigh Parkes who put Halfpenny over for his first Test try in five years.
But Gregor Townsend's men posed their own threats with Russell beating Scott Williams to race away from his own 22. He fed Price, before debutant Wales wing Josh Adams came from nowhere to smash him and put an end to the attack.
This Six Nations opener at times resembled a Super Rugby encounter rather than a fully-blown Test match, such was the desire of both sides to play from deep with the hosts turning around 14-0 at the break.
Gatland's side began the second half as they had finished the first, willing to take risks and attack from anywhere. Wales' first points of the second half came after Scotland's Scarlets captain John Barclay infringed at the breakdown giving Halfpenny the opportunity to extend the home lead.
The Scarlets man soon nailed another penalty to make it 20-0 and with that, the game was over.
By now Wales were totally dominant and came close to putting the game to bed when Wyn Jones was held up over the line.
But they did not have to wait long to cross the whitewash for the third time as Halfpenny raced over after Steffan Evans beautifully flicked the ball on to his regional team-mate.
Wales came mightily close to claiming the bonus point when Jones was held up over the line for the second time in the space of 10 minutes after receiving a pass from substitute Gareth Anscombe.
Scarlets winger Steffan Evans secured the hosts a bonus-point try with seven minutes remaining with a blistering finish in the corner.
Halfpenny completed his perfect day with the boot and although Horne grabbed a consolation try in the closing stages, the hosts were resounding winners.
The outgoing head of U.S. Pacific Command, who is President Donald Trump's pick to be the ambassador to South Korea, said on Wednesday that North Korea remained the United States' most imminent threat.
PEARL HARBOR, Hawaii: The outgoing head of U.S. Pacific Command, who is President Donald Trump's pick to be the ambassador to South Korea, said on Wednesday that North Korea remained the United States' most imminent threat.
"North Korea remains our most imminent threat. And a nuclear-capable North Korea with missiles that can reach the United States is unacceptable," Admiral Harry Harris said in a change-of-command speech.
Advertisement
"Without focussed involvement and engagement by the United States, and our allies and partners, China will realise its dream of hegemony in Asia. We should cooperate with Beijing where we can but stand ready to confront them where we must," Harris added.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali and Phil Stewart; editing by Jonathan Oatis)
In 2014, Cameroon enacted a broad anti-terror law as part of its effort to counter the extremist group Boko Haram, but authorities are using it to arrest and threaten local journalists who report on the militants or unrest in the country's English-speaking regions.
MFWA has identified lack of effective internet-specific legal frameworks, inadequate infrastructure and high cost of data as major challenges in the internet sector in West Africa.
Free Expression Newsletter, April-June 2017: Anti-Press Incidents Decline; Policy Environment Still Regressive According to Freedom Forum, anti-press incidents have declined in Nepal since April 2017 but the policy environment is still regressive. Freedom Forum
"We Don't Have Him": Secret Detentions and Enforced Disappearances in Bangladesh Since 2013, law enforcement authorities in Bangladesh have illegally detained scores of opposition activists and held them in secret without producing them before courts, as the law requires. In most cases, those arrested remain in custody for weeks or months before being formally arrested or released. Others however are killed in so-called armed exchanges, and many remain “disappeared.” Human Rights Watch
Defamation and Insult Laws in the OSCE Region: A Comparative Study This study examines the existence of criminal defamation and insult laws in the territory of the 57 participating States of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE). In doing so, it offers a broad, comparative overview of the compliance of OSCE participating States' legislation with international standards and best practices in the field of defamation law and freedom of expression. Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe
Civil Defamation and Media Freedom in Hungary: Trends and Challenges in Court Practice in Personality Rights Cases READ AND DOWNLOADThis study analyses current trends in civil defamation and privacy cases in Hungary involving the media and summarises key challenges for freedom of the press and expression. Written by Hungarian media lawyer Bea Bodrogi, the study examined 250 court decisions related to civil protection of 'personality rights', an area in Hungarian law that includes defamation, privacy and personal image. International Press Institute
Roads to Reform: The Enduring Work of the Saudi Association for Civil and Political Rights In this report, Americans for Democracy & Human Rights in Bahrain (ADHRB) examines the contributions of ACPRA within the larger context of the movement for civil and political reform in Saudi Arabia. Americans for Democracy & Human Rights in Bahrain
Freedom in the World 2017 With populist and nationalist forces making significant gains in democratic states, 2016 marked the 11th consecutive year of decline in global freedom. Freedom House
National Mass Communications Policy 2016: A Review Freedom Forum has issued a review of Nepal's National Mass Communications Policy 2016. Among others, FF says the policy fails to articulate constitutional provisions relating to freedom of expression and mass communication. The policy, they said, also seems to promote centralided regulation, instead of self-regulation. Freedom Forum
Vietnam HRW Report: Events of 2016 The Communist Party of Vietnam (CPV) in 2016 maintained its control over all public affairs and punished those who challenged its monopoly on power. Authorities restricted basic rights, including freedom of speech, opinion, association, and assembly. All religious groups had to register with the government and operate under surveillance. Bloggers and activists faced daily police harassment and intimidation, and were subject to arbitrary house arrest, restricted movement, and physical assaults. Human Rights Watch
Malaysia HRW Report: Events of 2016 Malaysia's human rights situation continued to deteriorate in 2016, with human rights defenders, activists, political opposition figures, and journalists facing harassment and politically motivated prosecution. Those criticising the administration of Prime Minister Najib Razak or commenting on the government's handling of the 1 Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) corruption scandal have been particular targets. Human Rights Watch
India HRW Report: Events of 2016 Authorities continue to use sedition and criminal defamation laws to prosecute citizens who criticise government officials or oppose state policies. In a blow to free speech, the government in 2016 argued before the Supreme Court in favour of retaining criminal penalties for defamation. The court upheld the law. Human Rights Watch
Legal analysis of pre-trial detention of five Cambodian human rights defenders Four senior staff members of the Cambodian Human Rights have been detained in Phnom Penh since April 2016. ￼ Cambodian Center for Human Rights
Turkey: State of emergency, state of arbitrary After already cracking down on freedom of information in recent years, President Erdoğan has taken advantage of the abortive coup d'état and the state of emergency in effect since 20 July to silence many more of his media critics, not only Gülen movement media and journalists but also, to a lesser extent, Kurdish, secularist and left-wing media. Reporters Without Borders
Assessment of media development in Mongolia This publication presents the findings of the media development assessment in Mongolia that began in 2012 to determine the state of the media in the country. The assessment was based on the UNESCO/IPDC Media Development Indicators (MDIs), an internationally recognized analytical tool used to provide detailed overviews of national media landscapes and related media development priorities. Globe International Center
Facing reality after the Euromaidan: The situation of journalists and media in Ukraine “After the initial optimism during the Euromaidan movement, many journalists have become disillusioned. They are faced with the triple challenge of the war in the Eastern part of the country, the economic crisis and the digitalization of mass media.” Reporters Without Borders
Military continues to put pressure on Burmese media An officer of the Myanmar army recently filed a criminal complaint against two journalists for allegedly sowing disunity among the military. Even though mediation by the Press Council caused the military to withdraw the case, this incident demonstrates how the military continues to throw its weight to get back at what it perceives as negative publicity. Southeast Asian Press Alliance
Stifling Dissent The Criminalization of Peaceful Expression in India The government uses draconian laws such as the sedition provisions of the penal code, the criminal defamation law, and laws dealing with hate speech to silence dissent. These laws are vaguely worded, overly broad, and prone to misuse, and have been repeatedly used for political purposes against critics at the national and state level. Human Rights Watch
Media freedom yet to gain pace - 3 May Nepal report Freedom Forum
Critics Are Not Criminals Comparative Study of Criminal Defamation Laws in the Americas Committee to Protect Journalists
Nepal Media Freedom Report 2015 Media under the chilling effect of political unrest Freedom Forum
Civil society under threat: Old and new challenges for human and children's rights advocates in Eurasia In recent years, the space afforded to civil society to operate freely has been shrinking dramatically across the world, presenting a serious threat to democracy and human rights. Eastern Europe and Central Asia (EECA) have been especially badly affected by this shrinking political space. Child Rights International Network
REUTERS: West Bromwich Albion hit back from a goal down to beat Hull City 3-1 on Monday as second-half goals by Chris Brunt, Gareth McAuley and James Morrison piled on the misery for Mike Phelan's struggling side.
Robert Snodgrass gave Hull the lead at the Hawthorns in the 21st minute, sliding in to volley Ahmed El Mohamady's cross into the net and the Tigers were good value for their lead at the break.
But West Brom started the second half strongly and equalised four minutes in after sustained pressure yielded a corner which Brunt dispatched into the net with a powerful header.
McCauley struck in the 62nd minute, the referee ruling that his header had crossed the line before being cleared as Hull failed to deal with another set piece, and Morrison scuffed a left-footed shot home 11 minutes later.
Hull remained mired in the bottom three on 13 points while West Brom are eighth on 29 ahead of their trip to Tottenham Hotspur.
(Reporting by Philip O'Connor, editing by Ed Osmond)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Rob Gronkowski's “press conference” at Monster Energy Supercross on Saturday is generating quite the buzz across mainstream media. Mainly because Gronk has yet to announce whether he intends to return to the football next year, but whatever, it's still cool to see his appearance across SportsCenter and other outlets.
Yesterday, Fox Sports pit reporter Jenny Taft went on The Herd with Colin Cowherd to talk Gronk and SX.
Church warned on rogue cops
1 SHARES Share Tweet
By: Argyll Cyrus B. Geducos
Malacañang and the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) welcomed the Church's move to assist rogue cops who wish to change their ways but asked the institution to be discerning.
This after it was reported that police involved in extrajudicial killings are seeking the assistance of the Church so they can turn over a new leaf.
Assistant to the Presidential Spokesperson China Jocson, during the Mindanao Hour/Bangon Marawi press briefing Friday, said Malacañang welcomes this move of the Church but hopes the institution would exercise due diligence.
“We welcome the efforts of the Church to help these rogue cops to mend their ways,” Jocson said, reading off from the statement of Presidential Spokesperson Ernesto Abella.
“We hope the Church exercises due diligence as there are drug protectors, kidnappers, kotong (police who take bribes), and ninja cops who want to destroy the ongoing campaign against illegal drugs,” she added.
“Furthermore we urge a certain objectivity to avoid being used by said aberrations,” she continued.
Meanwhile, AFP spokesperson Maj. Gen. Restituto Padilla said that the Church should avoid human error by being discerning when dealing with supposed rogue cops as their intentions may not be pure.
“We would like to forewarn the Church to just be discerning. It could be possible that not all who seek the help of the Church, saying they are seeking help because they want to mend their ways, may not who they say they are,” Padilla said during the same press briefing.
“We just want to inform the Church that we do welcome the efforts of the Church as part of the community to assist, but be discerning in the process so that we may be able to get the real individuals who really are sincerely on the way to mending their ways and not those who are merely using that as an escape route,” he added.
Padilla also recognized that the Church will be very careful because they have their own principles to follow.
However, he also noted of some priests who are unable to stay true to their religious vows.
Related
comments
VANCOUVER: A female stunt driver has died on the set of 20th Century Fox's superhero movie “Deadpool 2” in downtown Vancouver during the filming of a stunt on a motorcycle, police said on Monday.
Local media reported that the stuntwoman appeared to lose control of the vehicle, which drove off the set and through the window of a building across the street. Police have not yet released the name of the woman or details of the accident.
"We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2 this morning," Dan Berger, spokesman for movie studio 20th Century Fox, a unit of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc. , said in a statement.
"Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time," he added.
The sequel to the 2016 superhero movie “Deadpool” starring Ryan Reynolds is currently being filmed in Vancouver. The movie studio did not say whether production had been halted on following the accident.
(Reporting by Nicole Mordant in Vancouver and Piya Sinha-Roy in Los Angeles; editing by Andrew Hay)
Advertisement
1 /5
So, how did men shave in the ancient world? Ever thought about that? Well, men struggling with facial hair, is a saga that has been going on for more than 25,000 years. Since ancient times, Egyptians, Romans and Greeks, have tried to fathom new techniques to get this done. However, as you can imagine, back then, there was no advance shaving methods, and all that was available was basic solutions with the help of metal and flint, knapped into very sharp blades, and so on. Moving forward, for years and years, the only development was a knife-like design, that needed to be continuously sharpened with a honing stone or leather strop.
When it comes to modern times, Gillette razors are now at the top of their game; offering world famous, advanced techniques that most of us are well aware of. How the brand built itself from scratch, is tuly an inspiring story, for anyone with an idea that helps make the world a simpler place. As someone rightfully said, people don't buy products, they buy outcomes. No wonder Gillette is as successful as they are !
Godiya Akwashiki, the Deputy Speaker, Nasarawa State House of Assembly, has declared his intention to contest in the 2019 governorship election in the state.
The lawmaker, who represents Nasarawa-Eggon West constituency at the state assembly, on the platform of All Progressives Congress (APC), made the declaration in Lafia on Monday at the APC Secretariat amid party officials and a crowd.
Mr. Akwashiki said he decided to indicate interest in the race to consolidate on the gains of democracy achieved by the current administration led by Tanko Al-Makura and to offer more dividends of democracy to the people.
He added that, “we all know there must be a transfer of power by 2019 because in our constitution, there is no third term. So, I came here today to declare my interest in the 2019 governorship contest.
“I want to consolidate on the achievements of Gov. Tanko Al-Makura's administration.”
The lawmaker explained that he decided to join the race because of his eligibility, experience in politics and after consultations with family, friends, political allies and associates who all encouraged him to declare.
He said “I am qualified and battle ready to go for the race in 2019. I have the support of my family, friends and lovers who gave me the go ahead to contest.”
He, however, appealed to Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), the executive and legislative arms of government and the public to ensure free and fair elections in 2019.
Philip Sheckwo, the APC Chairman in Nasarawa State, congratulated Mr. Akwashiki for declaring his intention, saying “only courageous, ambitious and determined politicians aspire to contest for gubernatorial polls.”
“Today, we welcome you wholeheartedly because you are one of our members who are committed to the party. It takes courage, boldness for anybody to come out to say he wants to govern because there are a lot of things to be done to be governor.
“I salute your boldness and courage.”
The state APC chairman assured that the party would provide a level playing ground for all aspirants in the primaries, adding that the 2019 general elections would be a litmus test for the party in Nasarawa State, hence the need to work hard and adhere strictly by the party rules.
Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it will force Australians to use its Australian website instead of its much larger U.S. site to avoid a new sales tax, setting the stage for a showdown with rival eBay Inc in the No. 12 economy.
SYDNEY: Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it will force Australians to use its Australian website instead of its much larger U.S. site to avoid a new sales tax, setting the stage for a showdown with rival eBay Inc in the No. 12 economy.
The retail giant said it would subject Australians to the process known as "geoblocking" from July 1, when 10 percent Goods and Services Tax (GST) applies to imported online goods worth less than AUS$1,000 (US$756).
Advertisement
"While we regret any inconvenience this may cause customers, we have had to assess the workability of the legislation as a global business with multiple international sites," an Amazon spokesman said, adding that the firm was taking the measure to comply with the legislation and not to avoid paying tax.
The move will likely drive traffic to Amazon's Australian website, testing the patience of shoppers who have complained about its thin product range - a tenth the range of its U.S. site - and uncompetitive prices since it began taking orders in December.
It may also benefit Amazon's main rivals, from California-headquartered online market eBay to smaller Australian merchants which had campaigned to have the GST apply to all goods shipped from overseas.
National Retail Association CEO Dominique Lamb said Amazon's move was a surprise.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"You have to wonder if they are trying to funnel more traffic to its Australan website," she said.
An eBay spokesman said the U.S. company was working on a way to collect the Australian tax from sellers around the world without cutting access for Australians.
"eBay's GST solution ... allows imports to Australia to continue without any structural barriers, redirects or blocks to the buyer experience," he said.
FAIR SHARE
Until now, GST has applied only to most goods sold in Australia and imported goods worth over AUS$1,000, making relatively low-cost imported items cheaper than their equivalents in local stores.
Australian Treasurer Scott Morrison announced the change in April 2017, eight months before Amazon opened its Australian unit.
"The second-biggest company in the world, run by the richest man in the world, shouldn't get a leave pass from paying tax in Australia," Morrison said in an email statement on Thursday.
"If multinationals aren't forced to pay their fair share of tax, they will have a competitive advantage over retailers here in Australia, on our own main streets and in our shopping centres."
Shares of local e-commerce site Kogan.com Ltd closed up 0.8 percent while shares of electronics retailers JB Hi-Fi Ltd and Harvey Norman Holdings Ltd, seen as direct Amazon competitors, closed up 2.2 percent and 1.4 percent respectively. The broader market rose 0.4 percent.
(US$1 = 1.3224 Australian dollars)
(Reporting by Byron Kaye; Editing by Stephen Coates)
By Helen Hossley
Most park rangers I've met love what they do. They demonstrate a gentler way of living; an intrinsic value of imparting a little bit of wisdom, demonstrating a gentler way of living so others can be inspired to do the same and, hopefully leave the world in better place.
I recently read an article highlighting that travel isn't accessible to everyone. While that may or may not be true for you, the reader, there's something to be said about the power in dreaming or visualizing. It is with that notion that I like to write articles about National Park sites. I have a list. It contains the National Park sites that I want to visit whether virtual or in person.
Last month I had the opportunity to visit Great Sand Dunes National Park in Colorado. However brief the visit, it gave me an opportunity to be in a completely different element from my day-to-day life. It reminded me of a day, long ago when I was a ranger walking around the campground at Glen Canyon to drum up an audience for my campfire talk.
During one particular tour, the sunset was especially beautiful, even breathtakingly surreal. The way the sun rays lit up the crimson and orange rocks reverberated into the skyline and highlighted the blue water. I paused taking in the beauty. How I loved being outside at this time of day when being part of nature, not separate from it, seemed so natural. I realized how we have become good at separating ourselves from nature, people, and the world around us. We live in gated communities to keep other people out and we build bigger houses to shield us from nature as a measure of success. And we kill animals to wear their hides so their hides can protect us from the weather.
I looked at the huge metal RVs parked so close to each other in the campground. They had every last comfort of home out here away from civilization—the American Dream of the open road. Yet actually these people were missing nature and the joys of being away from it all to stay inside a tin can parked ten feet from the next tin can.
While contemplating these insights, my moment with the amazing sunset was abruptly cut short by the unwelcome sound of the evening news blaring from a television inside the nearest RV.
Taking full advantage of my uniform, I knocked on the door and let myself in. A man dressed only in shorts didn't have time to get up from his chair.
“Sir,” I said with authority, “how can you possibly be watching the news when you have the best seat in town for the world's most spectacular show?”
Shocked at this bold woman ranger standing before him and not knowing what to do, the man got up from his chair and turned off the television. He followed me outside and we both watched the sunset in silent awe. I still wonder if he was too frightened and embarrassed to speak or if he was moved by the experience. I'd like to think that maybe it transformed both of us into better, more appreciative human beings.
National Park Week is taking place April 15-23 where admission to our parks is free. It's the perfect excuse to get into our parks and reconnect with nature, explore some amazing places, celebrate our heritage and possibly transform ourselves.
Helen Hossley was a National Park Ranger and is the author of “Do I Get to Wear That Neat Hat?” To find out more about her book, please visit www.helenhossley.com
Getting comfortable during pregnancy is not easy. My center of gravity is all off, a tiny human is kicking my insides, and I generally just feel weird. There's also some science preventing me from relaxing: After the fifth month of pregnancy, you're not supposed to lie flat on your back because the increased weight of your abdomen can put too much pressure on your vena cava, causing a decrease in circulation, low blood pressure, and other issues. Sleeping on your stomach becomes physically impossible after a certain point, obviously. Sleeping on your side is recommended— but really, just your left side, because lying on the right side can also reduce blood flow to the placenta. I do not have a lot of options.
Plus, I'm a staunch stomach-sleeper. When I first found out I was pregnant, honestly one of my biggest fears was how I was going to sleep once I was too pregnant to lie down that way in bed. I can sometimes doze off in front of the TV on my back, but once I learned that wasn't a safe way to sleep either, I really started panicking. I need to sleep while I'm pregnant. Because, as every other person I talk to each day reminds me, I'm going to be not sleeping for the next several years.
The Internet is full of moms giving each other unsolicited advice, but one piece that kept coming up while I was researching this problem was that I should buy a pregnancy pillow. Before this, I'd never even heard of a pregnancy pillow. But one day I was creeping around on a Facebook post from a friend with a young son when I discovered the one I'd go on to buy. She posted a photo of her husband holding their son in something that looked like a magical, U-shaped cloud. Someone commented "I'm looking to buy a pregnant friend a pillow like this, which one is it?" The original poster replied that it was the Leachco pregnancy pillow , and to be sure to get the U-shaped one, not the J-shaped one, because she said you will toss and turn a lot while you're pregnant, and with the U-shaped pillow, you don't have to bring the whole thing with you when you flip over.
A cartoon light bulb went off over my head. I was already flipping over more in my sleep in an attempt to get comfortable than I ever had before, and I was only 18 weeks pregnant at the time. I went to Amazon and didn't think twice about the $65 price tag (it's since increased to $81, sorry!). Her post had convinced me this pillow would change everything.
And, oh boy, did it ever. It was love at first sight when the giant box arrived. I put the pillow on my bed that night and couldn't believe the difference it made. It felt like sleeping in the world's best hug; like being spooned by someone who never gets sweaty or puts their arm on a weird part of your butt or breathes too heavily in your ear. I could wrap my legs around it to sleep on my side, something I'd never been able to do before. I could flip over and stay enveloped by its warm embrace without adjusting anything. I had a cold, and putting the bottom of the U on top of one of my other pillows kept my head at a perfect angle to help ease my congestion. This thing was heaven sent.
The next night when I got home from work, the first thing I did was I put on PJs and grab my pillow off my bed. I carried it around my apartment with me, slung over my shoulder like the precious cargo it was, so that I didn't have to sit on any part of my couch without it. I got salsa on it because I wouldn't even climb out of my pillow cocoon to eat dinner. (There's a removable cover, BTW, that is machine washable—very important). I understood. This pillow isn't just good to have if you are pregnant. It's good to have if you are a person who likes happiness and snuggling and luxuriating on your sofa watching old episodes of Will & Grace.
There are some downsides: For one, it's huge. I have a big bed, so my husband and I and my pillow fit fine, but if you have a queen- or full-sized, two people plus this bad boy would be a tight squeeze. Also, the fabric cover that comes with it is a little scratchy, but they sell replacement covers that are super soft. ( I bought one of those too —take all my money, pregnancy pillow people). And it does make a mess out of your blankets since something so massive is tucked under the covers, but it's worth it, in my opinion.
I fully plan on continuing to sleep with this guy after the baby is born, and beyond. If you have trouble getting comfortable for any reason, take it from me: Moms-to-be, you want this pillow. But also, people of Earth: You want this pillow. It's just that good.
In what reminds us about the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 debacle last year, there have been at least half a dozen cases where batteries of newly-launched Apple iPhone 8 and 8 Plus are swelling and phones are being left split-apart.
The first case was reported in Taiwan where a woman found her iPhone 8 swollen apart after plugging it in to charge.
The woman had purchased a 64GB “Rose Gold” iPhone 8 Plus and she put it on charge, using the supplied cable and adaptor.
“After about three minutes, she reported seeing the front panel bulge, and eventually lift completely from the device”, media reports said.
“Someone in Japan then posted photos of a split-apart phone on Twitter. And in the days since, there've been cases in China, Canada, and Greece,” The Verge reported on Saturday.
CNET also found at least six different reports in at least five countries of the iPhone 8 splitting along.
Apple has issued a statement and said: “We are aware and looking into it.”
So far, there have not been any fires but new iPhones are splitting along, exposing the smartphone's internals.
“[Swelling is] very unusual for a brand-new battery and leads toward the direction of there's something fundamentally wrong with this battery,” Sam Jaffe, Managing Director of Cairn Energy Research Advisors, told The Verge.
But it could be a few units, say reports, and Apple must be praying not a full batch is affected, that means recalling units, ruining the whole reputation build around iPhones for years.
iPhone 8 and 8 Plus went on sale on September 22. Apple was yet to release figures for the early sales of iPhone 8 and 8 Plus.
The pre-orders for “super-premium” iPhone X will begin on October 27, with shipping starting November 3.
Last year, the batteries of the Rs 59,900 Galaxy Note 7 started exploding. Samsung counted several such incidents across the globe (over 90 Galaxy Note 7 smartphones owners in the US reported overheating).
Amid conspiracy theories, a global recall of 2.5 million devices was announced quickly and faster replacements were guaranteed.
The fiasco over Samsung's flagship smartphone caused the firm operating losses of some $5 billion.
Judge nearly declares mistrial in DUI manslaughter case
NAPLES, Fla. A mistrial was nearly declared Wednesday in the case of a 42-year-old man accused of driving drunk and killing a father of four in a crash.
Rene Miles faces a DUI manslaughter charge in the deadly crash along Golden Gate Boulevard that killed Cecil Riner in December 2016.
Prosecutors were ordered not to play Miles' sobriety test in court, but footage of his actions following the crash, captured by a Florida Highway Patrol trooper on scene, began to roll during trial on Wednesday. Attorney Seth Lavey, who represents Miles, objected to the audio on that footage.
The trial was allowed to continue and an edited version of the footage was shown.
A toxicologist testified that Miles had about eight and a half drinks before the crash. Miles' attorney argued that while Miles was drunk at the time, he did not cause the crash.
By Scott T. Sterling
U2 have revealed a heart-wrenching new short film to coincide with the band's latest single, “You're the Best Thing About Me.”
Related: U2 Send Love Letter to NYC in ‘You're the Best Thing About Me' Video
The documentary about love and separation features a newlywed military couple, high school sweethearts, a Syrian refugee family in Greece and a young couple from Mexico City. The film follows each couple for the final 24 hours they are together before one partner has to leave.
“It's a love song,” explained director Tatia Pilieva of the film. “What's interesting is not the bringing people together; it's the separation.”
Pilieva first came to prominence for her 2014 film First Kiss, where she invited 20 strangers to kiss for the first time on camera. After generating millions of views, it went on to win a Gold Lion at Cannes.
“The key for me is that when these people are saying goodbye, they are still very much in love,” she said of her U2 film. “I didn't want to film a bunch of breakups. I didn't want to put that into the world. I wanted to put out something positive. Yes, it's positively heartbreaking, but there's love all over it.”
Companies should use their supply chain to anticipate customer trends and also adopt a zero-based approach to the function.
It's no secret that companies across industries face increasing disruption driven by competitive pressures, emerging technologies, and an ever-expanding range of customer expectations.
These trends will only continue to accelerate. Consumers want products in their hands faster than ever, and they expect a more tailored and personalized experience. As a result of these disrupting factors, for many companies, growth is becoming more difficult to come by.
The supply chain function is not immune to this pressure. In fact, it's causing corporate leaders to pay more attention than ever to their supply chains and ask them to be growth engines — a trend we'll be seeing even more of this year.
So, what does it take for a supply chain to be a growth engine? We see two immediate opportunities supply chains should take:
Use the supply chain to anticipate customer trends and meet expectations. According to Accenture Strategy research, 56% of business leaders believe customer experience is their top digital transformation priority. With customer demands continuing to heighten, just offering a product or service is no longer enough. Successful companies need to be focused on delivering the most compelling experiences.
Hyper-personalization is king. Companies need to offer highly individualized, focused products and completely customized services providing buy-anywhere, collect-anywhere, return-anywhere capabilities via flexible channels. With a strong focus on business-model and technological innovation, hand in hand with the use of analytics and other digital technologies, companies have an opportunity to spot trends among customers and stay in front of demand.
The supply chain is a key area within a company to mine this insight. It contains data that helps companies understand the way technologies are changing the way people live and work and redefining customer expectations.
Having that information can allow companies to get to the root of why customers buy, and respond accordingly with new products, services, and experiences to meet that demand.
The companies that are successfully managing risk and disruption are those that are in tune with the end consumer. Even companies that are several degrees of separation from the consumer need to be fully aware of how end-consumer trends impact their operations. It's no longer a nice-to-have; it's a need-to-have to survive.
Put non-working money in the supply chain to work toward funding growth. With half of companies' costs typically residing in the supply chain or costs of goods and services (COGS), the supply chain can be a source of funds that can be reallocated to growth initiatives.
However, the process of uncovering that non-working money can be overwhelming. Many organizations work in functional and geographic silos that make it seem impossible to know who is spending what, where — and, importantly, why. The good news? It's not as difficult as they think.
Companies need to look beyond traditional supply chain cost optimization to a more holistic approach — something we call zero-based supply chain (ZBSC).
ZBSC is part of what we call ZBx, or having a zero-based mindset. Whereas old methods rely on cost targets based on yesterday's realities, ZBSC is a sustainable reset of a company's cost baseline. It accounts for change, including improvements of top performers and technology, to determine “should cost” and develops a path to realize them.
This year, companies need to be applying digital technologies and sustainability practices that optimize price and performance across global operations and enable richer data insight and value. The result? ZBSC allows companies to deliver superior supply chain performance at the right cost.
They key to success is to make the effort durable. It can't be a one-and-done. Continuous renewal makes zero-based supply chain effective. It keeps the non-working money from building up while driving funds to fuel growth and increase competitiveness.
No one is disruption-proof. Technology has made every business vulnerable. The good news is that companies and supply chains can prepare for and manage disruption. By positioning the supply chain to be a growth engine, companies can move from being disrupted to becoming the disruptors themselves this year and beyond.
Gary Hanifan is a managing director at Accenture Strategy.
A suicide bomber killed at least three soldiers at an army camp in northwestern Pakistan on Saturday, the military said.
Seven other soldiers were injured in the bombing, which was claimed by the Pakistani Taliban in an email to journalists.
The attacker targeted an army unit's sports area in the Kabal area of the Swat Valley, the military's media wing said in a statement.
Violence in Pakistan has declined in recent years following a series of military offensives along the northwestern border with Afghanistan, but militant groups are still able to carry out bloody attacks.
There have been a number of deadly assaults in recent months in the northwest as well as in the southwestern Balochistan province.
The Swat Valley was under the de facto control of the Pakistani Taliban in 2007-2009. They imposed their harsh brand of Islamic law, and carried out public floggings and executions until a military operation drove them out.
The area has seen sporadic militant attacks since, including assassinations of local leaders who cooperate with the government.
LOS ANGELES: Several people were shot on Wednesday (Jun 14) at a San Francisco warehouse and customer service facility operated by global parcel delivery service UPS, authorities and the company said.
UPS spokeswoman Natalie Godwin told AFP the incident involved four workers at the sprawling facility, which employs 850 people.
"We understand that there are potentially multiple deaths although individuals have been transported to the hospital so we are unsure of their status at this time," Godwin said.
Police ordered residents and employees in the city's Portero Hill neighborhood and surrounding areas to shelter in place as they responded to the early morning incident.
Another UPS spokesman, Steven Gaunt, earlier said that the shooter was an employee who worked as a driver.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Witnesses reported hearing multiple gunshots at the facility, which handles packages for delivery in the San Francisco area.
Some news reports said two people had been killed, including the shooter who was believed to have turned the gun on himself.
In a series of tweets following the incident, police confirmed the shooting but did not provide further details about fatalities.
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), has commenced the investigation of 10 suspected oil thieves handed over to it on Thursday 1 February 2018 by the Nigerian Navy.
The EFCC's Head on Media and Publicity, Wilson Uwujaren, in a statement on Friday, said the suspects were handed over to the EFCC alongside a vessel: MT Breakthrough by the Nigerian Navy Ship (NNS) Pathfinder Naval Base in Rumuolumeni, Port Harcourt, Rivers State for further investigation and prosecution.
According to the NNS Pathfinder's Commander, Navy Captain Victor Choji, the suspects were arrested by the NNS Pathfinder's patrol team deployed for anti-crude oil theft and illegal bunkering operations around Dawes Island, Port-Harcourt.
The vessel, laden with an estimated 4,757 metric tons of products suspected to be crude oil, while under surveillance, was discovered to have switched off its Automatic Identification System (AIS) to evade surveillance in order to carry out an economic crime with the products onboard.
The suspects include Kolawole A Ezekiel; Olisa Basil Chukwutem; Friday Utibe; Emi Azubike; Oriyomi Olatunji; Ushiagwu Simon; Salihu Oricha Jimoh; Onche John, Onovuakpo John and Ubong Brendan, would soon be charged to court when investigations are concluded.
WASHINGTON: A suspected white supremacist's attack on a crowd of protesters using his car as a battering ram fits the definition of domestic terrorism, US Attorney General Jeff Sessions said on Monday (Aug 14).
A woman was killed and 19 people were injured when the car ploughed into a crowd of people Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia after a violent rally by neo-Nazis and white supremacists protesting the removal of a Confederate statue.
The vehicle attack "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," Sessions said in an interview on ABC's Good Morning America programme.
"We are pursuing it in the Department of Justice in every way that we can make a case."
"You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought because this is unequivocally an unacceptable, evil attack," he told ABC.
The FBI and federal prosecutors have opened a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the incident, which took place soon after police dispersed a white nationalist rally that erupted into violent clashes with counter-protesters.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The alleged driver, a 20-year-old Ohio man who was said to have had a history of neo-Nazi beliefs, was arrested and faces charges of second-degree murder in the incident.
Of the 19 people injured, 10 remained hospitalised in good condition and nine had been released, the University of Virginia Health System said.
- Advertisement -
Minister of Health, Prof. Isaac Adewole, over the weekend raised a fresh alarm over Nigeria's rate of population growth.
According to him, if the rate was unchecked, the explosion in the nation's population would impact negatively on the country's economy and welfare..
To this end, Adewole called for the use of Community Health Extension Workers (CHEWS) to address the problems of shortage and misdistribution of manpower needed for the provision of access to family planning services in rural communities and other hard to reach areas.
He made the call in Abuja while speaking on the topic: “The Relevance of Operations Research in Family Planning Programming in Nigeria” during the formal presentation of the report of a study by a non-governmental organisation, Marie Stopes Nigeria.”
The study assessed the provision of implant contraceptives by Community Health Extension Workers (CHEWS)
- Advertisement -
The Minister, represented by the Director, Family Health Department in the ministry, Dr. Adebimpe Adebiyi, said: “We all know that we cannot continue with the rate at which our population is increasing. It is expedient for us to task-shift the delivery of family planning services in Nigeria to CHEWS.
“CHEWS are to be regarded as an important cadre of contraceptive implant providers readily available for the expansion of access to family planning services in Nigeria.”
While expressing his delight with the result of the study by Marie Stopes Nigeria, which provides evidence needed to demonstrate that CHEWS can safely provide implants to their clients, Adewole urged stakeholders to join hands with the Federal Ministry of Health to expand access to contraceptive implants and to ensure that the country makes quantum leaps in the use of evidence-based interventions towards achieving the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
We were born to hand-jive, baby!
It's been 40 years since Sandy, Danny and all the gang graced our screens for the EPIC film Grease and made us long to be at Rydell High and want a ‘hickey from Kenickie.'
Yep, that sentence makes us feel old too.
READ MORE CELEBRITY NEWS
But all this nostalgia got us wondering what the rest of the Pink Ladies and T-Birds have been up to, and, of course, what they look like now. Does Rizzo still have that edgy crop hair do? What about Doody, Sonny and Putzie?
So, here goes…
THE PINK LADIES
Sandy Olsen – Olivia Newton-John
The Australian singer, 69, was already a star before playing the good girl-turned-bad-girl Sandy in Grease, but she went on to release her biggest hit, Physical in 1981. She was sidelined by breast cancer in 1992 but recovered and became a tireless advocate for breast cancer research. She also released a Christmas album of duets with John Travolta in 2012. She's played herself twice on TV's Glee. In 2014 Olivia had a residency at the Flamingo Las Vegas.
Sadly in May 2017, it was announced that Olivia's breast cancer had returned and metastasized to her lower back.
Frenchy – Didi Conn
Didi, 66, played the optimistic Frenchy who harboured dreams of being a beautician. After the hit film Didi continued acting and has appeared on Law & Order: SVU and starring in numerous plays.
Frenchy and Sandy also had a reunion in 2015, look how amazing they look!
Rizzo – Stockard Channing
Channing, 70, played the tough-but-vulnerable Rizzo who helps transform Sandy. She has remained an active actress in recent years with appearances on The West Wing, The Good Wife, and on Broadway.
Marty Maraschino – Dinah Manoff
‘You know, as in the cherry' – Dinah, now 62, played the sex kitten, Marty. Dinah projected more spunk than she possessed. ‘I thought I was ugly, I was fat, I wasn't good,' she recalls. ‘I spent my time giggling and putting my head down. I was overwhelmed.'
Still, it wasn't long before the daughter of actress Lee Grant and TV writer Arnold Manoff found her own footing in showbiz, with roles in TV's Soap, the 1980 movie Ordinary People and a seven-year stint on Empty Nest. You may have also spotted her in Sabrina The Teenage Witch.
WHERE ARE THEY NOW? SEE WHAT YOUR FAVOURITE CHILDHOOD STAR IS UP TO NOW…
Jan – Jamie Donnelly
‘Brusha, brusha, brusha!' Jamie played the silly Jan, who famously impersonated a toothbrush commercial at the Pink Ladies' sleepover. In recent years, Jamie, 70, has made occasional appearances on TV (on Monk and The Naked Brothers Band, to name a few), and has also worked as an acting coach.
T- BIRDS
Danny Zuko – John Travolta
John Travola, a high school dropout, successfully swaggered his way through the 1970s in a string of custom-made roles – Saturday Night Fever's Tony Manero and Grease's Danny Zuko.
He lost his mojo in the 1980s, which saw him struggle through a forgettable run of light comedies and telemovies. But with the help of Quentin Tarantino's groundbreaking 1994 crime drama Pulp Fiction, Travolta made the comeback of all comebacks as sympathetic hitman Vincent Vega. Since then john, now 64, he has created a string of memorable characters, such as Hairspray's Edna Turnblad, and Get Shorty's Chili Palmer, for which he won a Golden Globe.
Kenickie – Jeff Conaway
Jeff, who played bad boy T-Bird Kenickie in the film, died in May 2011. According to the Los Angeles County Coroner's Office, his death was caused by a number of conditions, including coronary artery disease and pneumonia. The actor's struggle with drug and alcohol addiction was documented in the US reality television series Celebrity Rehab (2008). Also known for his role as a struggling actor in Taxi, Conaway was part of the original cast of the Broadway production of Grease, eventually stepping into the lead role of Danny Zuko.
Sonny – Michael Tucci
Michael was one of the T-Birds: the smooth-talking Sonny. After a career in television acting, Michael, 72, is now a fine arts teacher at St. Francis High School in La Cañada Flintridge, California.
Putzie – Kelly Ward
Kelly now 61, played Putzie, another one of the T-Birds. After Grease, Ward's career gravitated toward writing and directing animated projects like Mickey Mouse Clubhouse and All Dogs Go to Heaven 2.
Just a little over a month past his 18th birthday, a Gulfport teenager was arrested and charged with 13 felony counts of local vehicle burglaries on the morning of Friday, May 25.
According to Gulfport Police, the suspect, Benjamin Langkamp, Jr., smashed the windows of 13 vehicles to gain entry on three separate days between May 16 and May 24.
“All of the burglaries occurred in and around the area of 30th Avenue South to 31st Street South and Beach Boulevard to 56th Street South,” said Sergeant Thomas Woodman, the department's public information officer, in a written statement.
Because of the location and known offenders within the area, police were able to quickly develop a suspect, said Woodman. At the time of the break-ins, police obtained data from the ankle monitor Langkamp was wearing and they used other investigative measures, including a confession by the suspect, to lead to his arrest.
Langkamp is currently in Pinellas County Jail on a bond of $65,000 awaiting trial.
This Essex lady is returning to our screens...
Ferne McCann has been looking absolutely amazing throughout her pregnancy.
And with her little bundle of joy due to arrive soon the former TOWIE star has confirmed some very exciting news.
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
READ: WATCH: Alison Hammond's HILARIOUS This Morning interview with Ryan Gosling has gone viral!
Ferne took to her Instagram Stories on Thursday morning to confirm the fantastic news that she WILL be returning to our screens on This Morning.
In the video the glowing star said: ‘So I am up early, well I have been up early and I am on route to Southampton as I am filming something really exciting for This Morning, but I am not alone…'
Before adding: ‘It's bring your Mum to work day. Gilly we're on a journey, the reason she's coming with me is just in case I go into labour. Obviously I am not going into labour anytime soon, but where I am going out of the Essex and London area I feel like it's only safe to bring Mum along.'
And with Ferne's due date not far off, we're not surprised her Mum went along with her.
Ferne previously presented the entertainment section of the ITV daytime show alongside Philip Schofield and Holly Willoughby.
However when it was announced that she was pregnant the star decided to take a break from the show and has only returned once since.
Ferne announced her pregnancy in April with ex boyfriend Arthur Collins.
Arthur was arrested in April in connection with an acid attack in a London night club, which left two people partially blind and another 22 injured. He has since been charged and has entered a plea of not guilty.
Although the date of Ferne's appearance on the show is unclear, we for one cannot wait to see her back.
Will the TOWIE drama ever stop? We hope not...
TOWIE may have left our telly screens over a month ago, but that doesn't mean we have to stop talking about it, right?
Well, Essex veteran and former Lothario, Mario Falcone certainly hasn't as he's gone on an EPIC rant about Amber Turner – and it's pretty harsh!
Read: All the Latest TV news
Now, if you have already forgotten what went down during the VERY dramatic series, let's refresh your memories.
Other than Megan McKenna and Pete Wicks‘ fiery break up, it was new girl Amber T who was at the centre of all the dramz after she dumped boyfriend of four years Jamie Reed and swiftly began getting with ladies man, Dan Edgar. Awks…
But while we're all patiently – or not so patiently – waiting for the next series so we can finally find out what happened next with the controversial star, now Mario has warned viewers they will see the ‘truth' about Amber when it airs later this year.
More: ‘Is she ok?!' TOWIE's Megan McKenna concerns fans with bikini snap on holiday with Pete Wicks
Yikes! The 29-year-old then went on to brand the blonde bombshell's behaviour ‘disgusting' after claiming she only broke up with the ex for a storyline.
‘Amber Turner…there's no history between us, I just don't like her,' Mario told The Sun.
‘The way in which she ditched her boyfriend to be on TOWIE, which is the truth, and lie about it and say they have troubles just to be famous and be in the public eye is disgusting.
‘Fans have longed her off and she deserves everything she gets.'
Before adding: ‘You'll see it all next series, she'll jump to someone else to keep herself as a storyline.'
Blimey! Don't hold back…
Following her breakup with Jamie, Amber's fling with Dan came to an end just one month after they first got together in Tenerife.
And after initially denying she'd cheated on her boyfriend on holiday, the TOWIE newbie finally came clean and told Jamie the truth – which didn't end very well…
Amber's yet to reply to Mario's comments, but by the looks of her social media she's probably too busy enjoying herself on holiday in Greece to care.
Lecture attempts to answer whether treatment of depression has resulted in over-prescription of SSRIs
Steven Hollon of Vanderbilt University gave a lecture titled, “Is Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Enduring or are Antidepressant Medications Iatrogenic?” at the Commonwealth Honors College on Monday night.
According to Psychology Today, cognitive behavioral therapy is a goal-oriented psychotherapy that is supposed to treat mental health problems by boosting happiness and modifying dysfunctional behaviors, thoughts and emotions. The dictionary defines “iatrogenic” as a medical disorder that is caused by the diagnosis, manner or treatment by a physician.
In his lecture, Hollon investigated whether the treatment of clinical depression with cognitive therapy had more long-lasting effects and fewer negative side effects than other common antidepressant medications.
Hollon began by “disclosing” his finances, joking that “it pains” him to have no financial conflicts to declare. Hollon made it clear that he does not receive any money from pharmaceutical companies.
He continued by talking about big pharma, specifically Purdue pharma, a pharmaceutical company that he says is widely believed to have played a crucial role in starting the opioid epidemic through their aggressive advertising and over-prescription of OxyContin.
“Pharmaceutical companies are not in business to do good,” Hollon said. “They're in business to do well.”
Throughout his lecture, Hollon proposed questions that he and other scientists have tried to solve about depression.
Some of the major conclusions Hollon came to was that depression appears to be temporal, and that cognitive therapy is at least as efficacious as antidepressant medication. He says this type of therapy can hold its own with medications in the treatment of more severe depressions if adequately implemented.
Hollon also said that patients responded differently to different treatments, and that selecting the best treatment for a given patient can improve the efficiency of the healthcare system.
His data concluded that the causal mechanisms that underlie the response and eventual prevention of depression are different based on the types of treatment. The brainstem and limbic systems respond to medications, while the cerebral cortex responds to cognitive therapy.
“We use antidepressants a lot more than any other country in the world, and that started with the SSRIs [selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors]…about 20 or 25 years ago,” said Hollon.
“Around two-thirds of folks who met the criteria for depression were treated with psychosocial intervention, and about one-third with medication — which is totally flipped around since the advent of the SSRIs,” Hollon continued. “The reason for this is that general practitioners are overprescribing.”
Hollon said that after Psychiatrist David Healey uncovered suppressed evidence about drug companies, it showed that SSRIs increased violence, homicide rates and suicide rates in adolescents.
“They put a black box warning on the drugs, and the suicide rates went up — the reason is that these SSRIs increase the propensity for violence, but the odds of that are lower than if the depression is left untreated,” said Hollon. “I do think we rely too heavily on medication but we undertreat depression.”
When comparing antidepressant medication and cognitive behavioral therapy, Hollon said, “We're more likely to get folks back to work with cognitive behavioral therapy [CBT] than with medication…because some of the skills you learn in CBT help you get jobs…and improve the quality of your relationships, so psychosocial interventions do [other] things in addition to helping you not feel depressed.”
Maureen Perry-Jenkins, a faculty director for the Center for Research on Families, helped organize the lecture. She started off the talk containing a bit of background on the lecture series before passing it off to Kalpana Poudel-Tandukar, an assistant professor in the College of Nursing at the University of Massachusetts who is a current family research scholar at the Center for Research on Families.
Poudel-Tandukar said she has more than 20 years of experience working with Bhutanese immigrants, first as a clinician and then as a researcher. Poudel-Tandukar introduced Hollon by commending him on his dedication, his publications and his overall research.
Poudel-Tandukar says that in working with immigrants, she finds that while many say they were happy to come to the United States, they are often screened as clinically depressed.
“Once they have the disease, they can go to the clinic and have counseling and there are medicines, but what is lacking is that the community does not have any preventative program or any strategy,” said Poudel-Tandukar.
“So, once they have the disease, they go to the doctor, and they start taking medicine,” Poudel-Tandukar continued. “That's the cycle that's going on in that community. My intention is to break that cycle and I want to prevent them from having this disease, so they don't have to go through that cycle again.”
Poudel-Tandukar stressed the importance of understanding the cultural community that is being treated. She is starting a program that helps Bhutanese immigrants integrate better into society by giving them a skillset so there is less stress, resulting in fewer people needing to be on medication.
Poudel-Tandukar elaborated on a prevention program that would bring family members together so they can talk about what their problems are and what their strengths are to solve problems and to identify what extra help they need.
“Through this approach, I'm planning to help them solve their problems by themselves,” said Poudel-Tandukar.
Hollon had advice for people who are not educated but feel depressed. He said that for less severe cases of depression, you should “start out with something that's minimally invasive,” suggesting low-intensity therapy or self-help books.
For more severe cases of depression, Hollon and Poudel-Tandukar agree that you should start with psychological clinical treatment before you go on medication, and specifically start with behavioral alteration or cognitive therapy.
Miranda Senft can be reached at msenft@umass.edu.
The idea of the city as bustling and alive stemmed from a fifth grade summer school teacher's class, Mr. David. Wiry and tall, with edges like a bendy metal ruler, Mr. David spoke dreamily about the paradoxes of the city. I was eleven. The leafy hot suburbs were all I knew.
(I still remember the day he told us–small children who played bloody Mary bloody mary in dark closets and bathrooms–not the fuck with Ouji boards.)
1.26.18| Daily Art
Advertisements
BEIJING: Chinese Premier Li Keqiang called on the United States Tuesday (Mar 20) to not act "emotionally" and to avoid a trade war, as President Donald Trump considers new punitive measures against Beijing.
After announcing tariffs on global steel and aluminium imports, Trump is now mulling new actions against China over its "theft" of US intellectual property.
No one will emerge a winner from a trade war...We don't want to see a trade war: Chinese Premier Li Keqiang on possibility of trade war between China and United States #TwoSessions pic.twitter.com/uprjKdh6sh — Olivia Siong (@OliviaSiongCNA) March 20, 2018
​​​​​​​Washington has long accused Beijing of forcing US companies to turn over proprietary commercial information and intellectual property as a condition of operating in China.
But Li pledged that China "will strictly protect intellectual property rights".
US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer recently proposed a package of US$30 billion in tariffs on China but Trump wants it to go higher, according to US media.
The US trade deficit with China ran to a record US$375 billion last year - but US exports to the country were also at a record.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We hope that both parties can maintain reason, not act emotionally, and avoid a trade war," Li told a press conference after the country's annual parliament session.
The Truman Foundation announced on April 12 that junior Anne Hall had been selected as one of the 59 Truman Scholars for 2018, according to the Truman Foundation's website. Juniors Eva Kahan and Wylie Chang were finalists. According to the Truman Foundation website, Hall's application was chosen out of 756 applications from 312 institutions.
Founded in 1975 by Congress, the Truman Foundation and its scholarship are dedicated to supporting the next generation of public service leaders, according to Deputy Executive Secretary Tara Yglesias, who oversees the selection process of Truman Scholars.
While Yglesias did not interview with Hall, she did review Hall's application, noting that not only did Hall have an outstanding academic record but she also has demonstrated through her work promoting women's health in rural South Dakota that she is a “change agent.” Hall's commitment to her home state of South Dakota made her stand out, Yglesias said.
“We see a lot of students who want to work on the international stage,” Yglesias said. “It was really compelling that she wanted to return home to South Dakota and work there.”
Hall said she had once been looking to leave the Midwest and the conservative Christian community she grew up in to be a doctor that traveled the world, potentially working in Laos, where her family is from. She said she became reunited with her faith while working with the native people of South Dakota.
“I was really infuriated by the hypocrisy I saw within my church. They were so eager to go to Haiti, go to Latin America, go to Africa on missions to help people while neglecting the situation on native reservations or even poverty in our own city,” Hall said. “That was also my break from the Church and my break from Christianity, but eventually I came back to my faith and to God through working with native women. Being reunited in my faith really inspired me to continue working in these rural populations when everybody else has neglected them.”
Hall started working with rural and native women the summer after her first year at Tufts through Tapestry Ministry, where she helped women find resources for jobs, childcare and healthcare, she explained.
“My faith is deeply rooted in a biblical understanding of justice and love and not remaining silent or indifferent about various expressions of oppression or human rights violations,” Hall said.
In her second year at Tufts, Hall took a Women's, Gender and Sexuality Studies class, “Rape Crisis and Recovery,” which certified her to provide rape counseling in Massachusetts. Hall then transferred that certification to South Dakota and volunteered as a rape crisis advocate in a hospital through a nonprofit in Sioux Falls the following summer, according to Hall.
“I would receive calls in the middle of the night and I would either work at a hotline talking with victims about their experience with sexual violence or I would meet them at the hospital to be there with them as they got evidence collected on their sexual assault,” Hall said.
That summer, Hall also shadowed an obstetrician-gynecologist and was able to observe doctor-patient relationships.
Faith has been not only important to Hall personally but also to her work, as she looks to pursue Doctor of Medicine and Master of Divinity degrees with the scholarship she has been awarded from the Truman Foundation.
“There's so much more to your health than physical health — your emotional health, your mental health, your spiritual health,” Hall said. “And by only focusing on one, you're not focusing on the whole person.”
Hall is also a first-generation student who, despite facing economic insecurity, is thankful for the sacrifices her family has made for her.
Associate Dean for Student Success and Advising Robert Mack, who knows Hall from her leadership as co-president of the First-Generation College Student Council, said he wrote Hall's recommendation letter for the Truman Scholarship.
“I was really happy when she asked me to write her a letter to support her,” Mack said. “She is real to her truth. In every encounter I've had with her, she is sincere and honest and a wonderful human being. Her work at the First-Gen Council is only a small example of her passion to help others.”
Hall said she is humbled by her award from the Truman Foundation.
“I didn't receive it. I mean I did, but it was because of all the women who shaped me, inspired me, shared their stories with me … especially my mom,” Hall said.
Bruno Mars just visualized pretty much how we thought the video for “Versace On The Floor” would look like, but Zendaya ? She was looking fine as the women playing the Grammy Award-winning singer's romantic subject.
Directed by Mars and Cameron Duddy, the sensual visual stars the singer and actress/singer wearing Versace, but Zendaya's sparkle-studded outfit doesn't stay on for the full video.
The song is off of Bruno Mars' double platinum 24K Magic album, which has received rave reviews since its release. The project's first two singles, “24K Magic” and “That's What I Like” have been both certified 4x platinum.
Most recently, Bruno received the Teen Choice Visionary Award and took home his first-ever BET Award victory for “Best R&B/Pop Male Artist.” He also won a BET Award for “Video Of The Year” for “24K Magic.”
On Saturday, Mars' surprised fans in Detroit when he announced that he'd be donating $1 million of the show's profits to help victims of the Flint water crisis. He explained the contribution by saying, "As Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again."
Check out Bruno Mars' latest visual “Versace On The Floor,” featuring Zendaya, below.
Iran Focus
London, 8 Dec - The Iranian Regime's ever-growing network of hackers- and their various hacks- show no sign of slowing down, according to new research by the security firm FireEye.
The report, published on Thursday, showed that a new Iranian regime network reconnaissance group called Advanced Persistent Threat 34 has spent years infiltrating critical infrastructure companies.
This report, which contains research collected by a team of 34 researchers between 2015 and 2017, is a warning about the danger that the international community could face if Iran isn't stopped, especially considering their previous aggressive hacks on the financial sector and a New York dam.
APT 34 has been in operation since at least 2014, according to FireEye, and have targeted financial, energy, telecommunications, and chemical companies.
They are using malicious email attachments- like Excel documents- to trick targets into downloading a virus or creating fake social media profiles to lure employees in and trick them into downloading a virus hidden inside an image file.
Jeff Bardin, the chief intelligence officer of the threat-tracking firm Treadstone 71, which monitors Iranian regime's hacking activity said: "They get in and make a lot of modifications, download new malware, manipulate the memory, so it's definitely pretty sophisticated. And the Powershell activity has been largely a hallmark of Iranian activity lately. They change their tactics constantly. The more we divulge things we know about them, the more they'll shift and change."
Evidence of Iranian regime Involvement
The evidence that APT 34 is Iranian comes from their Iranian IP addresses, the fact that hacks occur during normal Iranian business hours, and that their efforts align with Iranian interests by targeting Iran's enemies (like political dissidents).
John Hultquist, director of intelligence analysis at FireEye, said: "We have seen, and this is with a lot of the Iranian actors, a very disconcerting or aggressive posture towards critical infrastructure organizations. APT 33 has targeted a lot of organizations in critical infrastructure in the Middle East and so has APT 34. They obviously represent opportunities for intelligence collection. But we always have to think about the alternative use of those intrusions or accesses as possible means for disruption and destruction, especially given the destructive incidents we've already seen with other Iranian actors."
Currently APT 34 doesn't appear to have targeted the United States, but there are many other Iranian hacking groups that have done that already, such as Charming Kitten, the group behind the HBO hack.
Links to Regime
There is evidence that the hackers are working on behalf of the Iranian Regime- as the targets are so different from the traditional hacking targets. Why would ordinary hackers target people who oppose the Regime (i.e. academic scholars, human rights activists, journalists, and dissidents or exiles)?
The Regime has a long history of employing hackers to target their enemies and conduct cyber espionage as part of the Regime's so-called Cyber Army.
Hultquist said: "This is yet another example of Iranian cyber capability, which only seems to grow every day. It's a challenge for people who are concerned with Iranian actors, and as geopolitics shifts, the number of people who should be concerned with Iranian actors will probably only increase."
2 rape suspects fall
1 SHARES Share Tweet
By: Franco G. Regala & Danny J. Estacio
CAMP OLIVAS, Pampanga – Two individuals wanted for separate rape cases were nabbed by authorities in Bulacan and Tarlac, recently.
Florencio de Guzman Jr., alias Flonxio, 35, was caught around 10 a.m. the other day in Magnolia St. Alido Subdivision, Brgy Bulihan, Malolos.
The other suspect, Emenardo Borreo Parale, 58, was apprehended in his hideout in Barangay Gayong-Gayong Mayantoc, Tarlac.
Senior Supt. Romeo Caramat, Bulacan provincial director, said De Guzman is the prime suspect in the rape of a 12-year-old girl with disability and has been at large for more than a year.
Parale, on the other hand, has a standing warrant of arrest for a rape case that happened some nine years ago.
Meantime a 29-year-old housewife met her end after she was shot repeatedly by two unidentified suspects in Barangay Wakas in Tayabas City, Quezon.
The incident was said to have occurred around 10:30 a.m., with the victim, Anabel Sorita Boo, being attacked by the motorcycle-riding suspects as she waswalking by her lonesome.
Boo was rushed to the Tayabas Community Hospital but was eventually declared dead upon arrival.
Related
comments
Is vaping a gateway to cigarettes?
Electronic cigarettes have been described as products that let users wean themselves from tobacco, but could the opposite be true? New research suggests that teens and young adults who never smoked cigarettes are starting on the e-cigarettes and then moving to traditional smokes.
As many as one in four teens have tried e-cigarettes, inhaling a combination of flavored liquid and nicotine. It's called vaping.
But researchers wonder at what cost to health? Brian Primack, MD, PhD, is the director of the Center for Research on Media, Technology and Health at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine.
“Just like it used to be they were smoking in the bathroom stalls, they are vaping in bathrooms or after school,” Dr. Primack told Ivanhoe.
Dr. Primack and his colleagues studied 2,000 teens and young adults starting at age 18. Over a period of 18 months, they found that 50 percent of the young adults who vaped went on to smoke tobacco cigarettes.
Dr. Primack explained, “This is very concerning because we are talking about a big population of people who would probably not move on to start smoking cigarettes.”
Dr. Primack said the results suggest that e-cigarettes could be a gateway to tobacco, in addition to other health risks like lung disease and even cancer.
Researchers say it's important for parents to become familiar with vaping terms and brands, like Juul, Vuse and MarkTen. Talk to kids about potential health risks starting in elementary school; some of the liquids may be appealing to kids.
Dr. Primack detailed, “It's flavored; chocolate, mango, strawberry. The kinds of things kids are used to having in their bubble tea.”
An earlier study of younger teens and adults showed that 38 percent of e-cigarette users went on to smoke tobacco.
Dr. Primack said more research is necessary to determine why e-cigarettes may increase a person's risk of using tobacco. He says it's possibly, because among other things, vaping mimics the behavior of smoking traditional cigarettes.
Contributors to this news report include: Cyndy McGrath, Supervising and Field Producer; Milvionne Chery, Assistant Producer; Roque Correa, Editor; Kirk Manson, Videographer.
Produced by Child Trends News Service in partnership with Ivanhoe Broadcast News and funded by a grant from the National Science Foundation.
Author: Ivanhoe Newswire
The Trumbull/Monroe Regional Head Start Center, 240 Middlebrook Ave., (behind Middlebrook Elementary School), in Trumbull, is enrolling children for the 2018-19 school year.
To enroll, the child must be 3- or 4-years-old by Dec. 31. The center serves Trumbull, Monroe, Stratford, Fairfield, Bridgeport and Easton.
The program, which is federally funded, is free for children of income-eligible families. The program also meets the needs of children with disabilities.
Children attend the program Monday through Friday 8:20 a.m.-12:20 p.m., with a full day option of 7:30 a.m.-5:30 p.m., for those families that meet the criteria.
In addition to kindergarten, preparation for the child, health care, child development, social services and nutrition information and services are available for families. For more information call 452-4504.
With Toys "R" Us closing all of their stores in the next few months, this Easter might be a great time to shop their sales, as they're probably trying to get rid of as much as possible. It's sad that this kid-shopping icon is going out of business, but there's nothing you can do to change that. You can, however, use this time to get fun Easter gifts for the kiddos, and also to put things away for upcoming birthdays and holidays. To help with this, we put together some suggestions on what to get at Toys "R" Us's Easter sale to minimize the cost but maximize your take.
The great thing about Toys "R" Us is you can shop for every kid, with every interest, in one place. Shop old school style and wander the aisles at a brick and mortar store or grab the laptop or iPad and see what piques your interest in the online store. Now's the time to use all those Toys "R" Us and Babies "R" Us gift cards, as the stores may close in the next two months. Make sure you get it right — you can't count on returning things the kids don't like.
So for the last time ever (unless someone rushes in and offers to buy the retail stores), here are some of the great things you can get at the Toys "R" Us Easter sale.
1 Step-on Keyboard Fisher-Price Dancin' Tunes Rock N Roll Step-On Keyboard (now: $20, was: $30, Toys "R" Us) Your little musician can create, record and playback music by stepping on the keys of this floor keyboard. It even includes sound effects.
2 Princess Playhouse Fisher-Price Little People Disney Princess Magical Wand Palace Playset (now: $35, was: $50, Toys "R" Us) Shake the magic wand, spin the characters on the dance floor, or push a button, and this this elaborate princess play set will light up, make noises, or even say a few phrases. It's a great way for the kids to create stories with their favorite Disney princesses.
3 Play Yard Babies "R" Us Play Yard Toy (now: $15, was: $30, Toys "R" Us) Hook this up to your play yard gate and your toddler can keep busy for ages.
4 Building Blocks Crayola Construction Building Blocks Crayon Tube (now: $20, was: $37, Toys "R" Us) The blocks are fun, the kids can build all sorts of things, and when they're done, you can store it all in this cute and colorful container.
5 Pirate Play Set Fisher-Price Thomas & Friends Adventures Sea Monster Pirate Playset (now: $25, was: $40, Toys "R" Us) Ahoy, matey. The kids can pretend they are pirates and make up all sorts of adventures on the high seas with this pirate-themed toy set.
6-Star Wars Basketball Hoop Star Wars: Episode VII The Force Awakens Over the Door Basketball (now: $15, was: $25, Toys "R" Us) Hook this hoop over your child's bedroom door and will serve as both a Star Wars poster and basketball hoop.
7 Big Wheel Racer Pink Big Wheel Racer (now: $40, was: $60, Toys "R" Us) Little ones can use this Big Wheel to roll around your driveway, the neighborhood, or your apartment building hallway (if the neighbors don't mind).
8 Water Slide Kahuna Triple Monster Water Slide (now: $500, was: $600, Toys "R" Us) Set up a summer camp in your backyard with this epic water slide. Tons of fun for kids aged 5-11.
9 Catboy And Romeo Figures PJ Masks Light-Up 3-inch Catboy and Romeo Figures - 2-Pack (now: $7, was: $10, Toys "R" Us) The kids can use their imagination with these two action figurines. Catboy's amulet even lights up.
11 Ramp Set Hexbug Nitro Circus Mega Ramp Set (now: $20, was: $50, Toys "R" Us) Mini circus characters can be sent down the ramp by pulling the ripcord and letting them slide. If your little one is tech savvy, they can sync this toy up with the Nitro Circus App, which is sold separately.
12 Clay Set Moose Toys Poppit S1 Pop N Display Bakery Playset (now: $6, was: $20, Toys "R" Us) Use the clay, molds, and tools in this kit to make tiny clay goodies. The kids can even decorate them with glitter pens and put them in little display cases.
13 Ukelele Disney Princess Elena of Avalor Ukulele (now: $10, was: $25, Toys "R" Us) Little ones can strum to their heart's content with this Disney princess-themed ukulele.
NEW YORK: Bitcoin experienced some big swings but finished higher in its debut on a major exchange on Monday (Dec 11), while a leading US securities regulator warned investors about the risks of cryptocurrencies.
Bitcoin futures for January delivery finished at US$18,850.00 near 2115 GMT on its first full day of trading, a bit below session peaks but soaring well past the US$15,000 initial price when Cboe launched the platform on Sunday night.
The Cboe launch marked the first opportunity for professional traders to invest in bitcoin on a traditional platform and is expected to be followed in a week by a rival listing on Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
Still, in a sign of the unease generated by meteoric rise of the digital currency, the top US securities regulator Monday cautioned investors on the risks of cryptocurrencies and "initial coin offerings," a major fundraising tool of new currencies.
"Investors should understand that to date no initial coin offerings have been registered with the SEC," said Jay Clayton, chairman of the US Securities and Exchange Commission. "If any person today tells you otherwise, be especially wary."
"I encourage Main Street investors to be open to these opportunities, but to ask good questions, demand clear answers and apply good common sense when doing so," Clayton warned.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Many major banks stayed out of the Cboe trading and have generally kept their distance from bitcoin, the most prominent of a plethora of emerging cryptocurrencies.
Cboe chief Ed Tilly called on critics of the virtual currency to express their skepticism in the market.
"Whether it's a fraud, whether it's a bubble, whether it's legitimate ... you will be able to express all of those thoughts in a transparent marketplace," Tilly told AFP in an interview several hours after the trading launch.
Bitcoin's Cboe debut, while largely uneventful, once again showcased its penchant for volatility as the exchange was forced to suspend trading twice due to major price swings. But Tilly said that indicates the exchange was operating as intended.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
The exchange set a policy requiring such halts due to major price moves, for example requiring a five-minute suspension due to a 20 per cent move.
"So we hit those barriers on price movements and we did halt according to plans," Tilly said. "All things operated as they should."
'DIGITAL GOLD' ARRIVES
Bitcoin's breakthrough is the latest in a spectacular run for the online money dubbed "digital gold" by its advocates, which began life in 2009 as a bit of encrypted software supposedly written by an unknown coder with a Japanese-sounding name.
What began as the preserve of computer nerds and financial experts has gained a broader following among those seeking alternatives to traditional investments, and now can be used to pay for a pint in a London pub or a manicure, as well as to invest in startup ventures, and its valued has soared in recent weeks.
Investor interest has also risen in other digital currencies, such as ethereum, ripple and litecoin, which employ the same "blockchain" software foundation as bitcoin.
"The level of interest is unbelievable," said Timothy Enneking, founder and the primary Principal of Crypto Asset Management, an asset and fund management company that created a digital currency index.
"We get dozens of people contacting us each day to know how to invest in cryptocurrencies and we don't even do any marketing."
Fidelity Labs, part of the giant Fidelity Investments, has been active in bitcoin for four years, said managing director Hadley Stern.
"It really started with our executive team starting to see what was going on in bitcoin," Stern said.
"And then we became very interested in the underlying blockchain technology. The root of it was this transformational ability to transfer value from software to software alone."
But investors are also mindful pitfalls given the Wild West nature of the market. Regulators have increasing scrutiny of initial coin offerings (ICOs), a key fundraising tool for cryptocurrency fundraising.
The US Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday halted the ICO by blockchain-based food review service Munchee, that had been seeking US$15 million, after concluding that the company was attempting to sell securities without the required registration.
The SEC last week shut down another ICO, charging fraud against Dominic Lacroix, a Canadian with a history of securities law violations, and his company PlexCorps, charging the company that took millions from investors, "falsely promising" a speedy, 13-fold profit.
"For the amount of bullishness surrounding cryptoassets, there appears to be an equal amount of doubt surrounding the vast majority of ICOs," said Canaccord analyst Michael Graham.
There are opinions, which Christiane Amanpour is loath to volunteer. And then there are facts—the foundation of Amanpour's storied career, the cornerstone on which she's built her entire reputation.
So here is a fact, one that Amanpour cites more than once in the interview she squeezes in with Glamour.com between a pre-tape and slate of appointments: A representative number of women in industries of all sizes and scales would make the world a better, fairer place—not just for women, but for men, too.
“That's not an opinion,” Amanpour stresses, in a tone that sounds like the shrug emoji looks. For Amanpour, how women are treated is an indication of an environment's overall health and resilience. And she has international bodies in her corner. In 2000, the United Nations passed Resolution 1325 , a statement of principle that called for the “adoption of a gender perspective in the negotiation and implementation of peace agreements.” The motion wasn't meant to be some feminist stunt; women's participation in such exercises has been shown to achieve more sustainable and inclusive conclusions for all of us.
Besides, Amanpour would know. She's been an international correspondent for decades, a reporter who's addressed, in her own words, “dictators and despots and thugs and militias” on live television and all over the world. But of course, a woman doesn't have to set out too far afield to see what men with too much power can do.
Earlier this month, it was announced that Amanpour will host a new show in the slot that Charlie Rose previously filled on PBS. Set to launch over the summer, Amanpour & Company will expand on the work that the journalist has done until now. Since December, she has served as Rose's interim replacement, but the new broadcast will feature a slate of contributors. (The month prior, Rose's interview show was canceled after multiple women came forward to accuse him of sexual harassment and misconduct.)
Amanpour, who's hosted her own show on CNN International since 2012, will remain with CNN and see her fresh expanded offer run on CNN International after it airs on PBS. It is an enormous perch, the kind that doesn't just contribute to conversations, but starts them.
Good, because Amanpour has a few points she'd like to make. One, in the Trump era, it's never been more important than it is now to remember what the job of a journalist is. It's “not to be friends with people who we cover; our job is to be rigorous accounters of truth and facts for our readers and viewers, our listeners.” Two, and to that end, just because the president doesn't like a set of facts that have been ordered into a sequence and published in a newspaper, doesn't make them false. (Her dream interview: “Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un—together would be good. Apart might be just as good.") Three, it's not partisans who defend a free press partisan. It's citizens. And four, it's damn well time that qualified women replace abusive men.
It matters, she explains, that PBS tapped a woman for this show. And that she is candid about it and celebrates it doesn't detract at all from her earned credentials. She said as much in a statement released when the news was announced, and she elaborates on it, a few weeks later, when we speak.
“Often you don't get where you want to get by playing nice. Sometimes you have to kick a door or two down.”
But Amanpour stresses that women “don't seek to dominate men,” just to be given equal access to the power they've monopolized. “We're professionals. We are really good at our jobs. And there's no reason whatsoever that we shouldn't be given these roles at this particular time.”
Her hire isn't restitution. It's a tip of the scales, a move toward “a better mix, whether it's in reporting staff, whether it's on-air [talent], whether it's in the executive suite” of stakeholders. If someone (or some men, to be precise) had decided that “a correct and proper and decent gender balance” was important, “we would not be in this outrageous situation that we are now.”
And it is outrageous. Amanpour isn't hyperbolic, but she isn't one to minimize, either. The truth is massive and sacred. She likes its scale. The fact that men have run amok with influence and that Donald Trump is in the White House, upending our democratic institutions—it's all of a piece. “We have to stand up to that.” And moreover, “we have to be aware that we're not in a normal time and we shouldn't pretend we are.”
“We're in this situation because men have assumed all these levers of power, all these positions of power, and they have grown used to the abuse power and the abuse of women,” Amanpour says.
“We need a corrective and that corrective is not false, it's not fake news. It's required.”
Roger Federer has won the Cincinnati Masters as many as 7 times. This year, as the second seed he will be hoping to win his 8th which will also ensure his returning to world Number 1 Ranking . In King's way will be top seeded Rafa Nadal who will also be hoping to win this tournament for the second time and become world number 1.
Yes, whoever among Federer and Rafa does better in this edition of Cincinnati Masters will finish the tournament as the new World No.1. We will come to that later. Before that let us 1st get a few basic facts and info out of our way.
Tournament's history
The Cincinnati Masters is one of the 9 elite Masters 1000 tennis tournaments on the ATP Worls Tour. One of the oldest tournaments ever which started in 1899, it was played on clay till 1979 and since then has been played on Hardcourts. Apart from the 4 Grand Slams, this is the only tennis tournament to have more than 2 stadium courts. In fact it has 17 courts in total including as many as 4 stadium courts.
The 1st ever champion here was Nat Emerson in 1899 who defeated Dudley Sutphin. An apple orchard owner and a top American amateur player, Nat could enter a Grand Slam semi final only once ( US open in 1908). However he was a Cincinnati Open hall of famer and still holds the record of maximum appearances in last 16, which are as many as 12, a record he holds with his brother H Truxton Emerson and Michael Chang.
There were various well known champions over the years. Lets identify and name a few. Bobby Riggs won 4 times in 5 yearsfrom 1936 to 1940. Ken Rosewall, Connors, Mcenroe, Lendl, Wilander, Edberg, Sampras, Agassi and Chang are also Champions who have won here.
What about Current Big 4.
Roger Federer won here for the 1st time in 2005, defeating Andy Roddick in the final. He then won again in 2007, 2009, 2010 , 2012 , 2014 and 2015. That makes it a staggering 7 titles here. Roddick, James Blake, Mardy Fish, Ferrer and Novak (thrice) are the worthy finalists whom Federer has defeated at Cincinnati. 5 of his 7 wins here have come in straight sets, while Mardy Fish and Ferrer are the only two opponents who have taken a set off him. Federer has a perfect 7-0 record here in all the 7 Finals he has played here. His 7 is also the maximum titles won here by any champion
Rafa has entered only one final which was in 2013 and he defeated the giant American 7-6, 7-6. Andy Murray who has opted out this year has won twice, in 2008 and 2011 and both times Novak lost out. Andy also entered the final last year where he lost to Cilic. Djokovic, who too is not playing this year however has not won here and this is the only Masters title which has eluded him. His 5 finals have resulted in 3 losses to Federer and 2 to Andy.
In 2016 the champion was Marion Cilic while the runners-up was Andy Murray. Both are not playing this year. The two favourites for this year will be Federer and Rafa, followed by probably Zverev and Thiem.
Lets see how the draw looks for the top 2 seeds after they deservedly get their 1st round bye.
The likely opponents for Federer are Khachanovor or shwartzman in the second round and Jack Sock in the 3rd. Thereafter other top players he is likely to meet are dimitrov, Del Potro, Berdych, Zverev and Raonic. Now Zverev in the semi-finals promises to be an interesting encounter , since he defeated Fed with ease to win the Canadian Masters. Both are locked 2-2 head to head and it will hopefully be a good match
Rafa also has a tough route to the final. His likely opponents are Richard Gasquet in the second round, Muller and Tsonga in the 3rd and QF. Certainly Rafa will certainly be looking to avenge his painful Wimbledon exit at the hands of Muller. Thereafter if Rafa is to proceed to the final he has to defeat Thiem who himself will reach semi final if he gets the better of Nishikori in the quarters.
Dangerous floaters could be Sam Querrey, Jack Sock, Nick Kyrgios and Del Potro who on their day can take out anybody especially in the best of three tournaments where there is less time to get back.
So its time to get rolling. There is enough motivation for both Rafa and Federer to win as they have a chance to get the world number 1 ranking back. Federer will also if he wins at 36 become the oldest winner here eclipsing the record of Ken Rosewall who was 35 years and 8 months when he won here 47 years back in 1970. The youngest champion here at 17 was Boris Becker in his breakthrough year in 1985. That record seems likely to continue for at least a year, if not more.
Will Federer win, or will it be Rafa. The record and history says it will be Federer, especially as Cincinnati's faster courts will suit him. However never count out Rafa as he is capable of anything. Or will it be a new champion like Zverev who this year has won 5 titles including 2 masters, one each on clay and hardcourts, that too be defeating Novak and Federer with ease.
We will know soon. Let the action begin.
Online streaming services such Spotify and Apple Music have become the music industry's single biggest revenue source, overtaking physical sales and digital downloads for the first time, a global industry body said on Tuesday.
LONDON: Online streaming services like Spotify and Apple Music have become the recording industry's single biggest revenue source, overtaking physical sales of CDs and digital downloads for the first time, a trade group said on Tuesday.
The rapid growth in streaming music services in recent years has led to a recovery in the fortunes of the global recorded music industry, which enjoyed its third year of positive revenue growth, according to a report by industry body IFPI.
Figures released in IFPI's Global Music Report 2018 show total recording music revenues for 2017 rose to US$17.3 billion, up 8.1 percent from the previous year.
Improving finances have led to a tentative re-evaluation of the music industry by stock market investors, who had shied away from the struggling media category for much of the past decade due to a wave of piracy by users and major technology shifts.
Just in the past month, streaming music subscription leader Spotify of Sweden held a record-setting public stock offering. France's Vivendi, the owner of Universal Music Group, the world's biggest music label, said last week it was mulling a stock market listing of its wholly owned music unit.
Tencent Music Entertainment (TME), which attracts three-quarters of China's booming music streaming market, has been reported by The Wall Street Journal to be eyeing a listing later in 2018. TME is controlled by internet giant Tencent.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Industry leaders say the growing adoption of paid music streaming services is enabling the market to reach new regions of the world while helping weaning a generation of music fans away from free or pirated music.
"We estimate that only half the world's population lives in a thriving music environment and we want to bring the streaming revolution to all of it," Stu Bergen, from Warner Music Group, told reporters in London.
During the 15 years ending in 2014, music sales plunged by 40 percent to US$14.3 billion after music file-sharing services such as Napster ravaged sales of CDs while the rise of download services like Apple iTunes failed to offset those declines.
IFPI - The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry - charts the recent recovery to the rise of streaming music. It said there were 176 million users of paid streaming subscription services in 2017.
Streaming subscriptions in 2017 accounted for 38 percent of recorded music revenue, up from 29 percent in 2016. The streaming business expanded 41 percent, offsetting a 5 percent decline in physical sales and a 20 percent drop in download revenue.
Despite these improving finances, revenues for 2017 are still only 68.4 percent of the market's peak in 1999, IFPI said.
Latin America and China saw the biggest market growth, with a rise in overall music revenue of 17.7 percent and 35.3 percent respectively. The United States, Japan, Germany, Britain and France are the world's top five music markets by revenue. Brazil ranked No.9 and China was No.10 in 2017, IFPI said.
IFPI renewed calls for governments to tackle the "value gap" between the value created by some digital platforms such as Google's YouTube for their use of music and what they pay those creating and investing in it. Rival Facebook has been gearing to launch its own music video sharing service.
"Things are looking good but there's a structural fault in the system. Until we fix it, it will always be a struggle,” said IFPI Chief Executive Frances Moore.
Ed Sheeran ranked as the top global recording artist overtaking Drake, who slipped to No. 2 and Taylor Swift who ranked third, according to the IFPI.
(Editing by Stephen Addison/David Evans)
Share:
MIRPUR (AJK)-AJK President Sardar Masood Khan has said that world peace was at risk as conflicts are no longer confined to Africa, Middle East, Latin America, South Asia but are knocking on the doors of Europe.
“There is a risk of a large-scale war that should be averted as local conflicts can snowball into regional and global conflicts,” he feared. The president made these remarks while chairing the second session of the International Peace Studies Conference on Peace, Development and Governance hosted by the Academic Council on the United Nations System, Diplomatic Academy and Vienna School of International Studies at the International Institute of Peace at Vienna, Austria on Tuesday, says a message reaching and released to the media here on Wednesday.
Sardar Masood Khan said building trust between the parties to the dispute was important for conflict resolution. He said that instead of the use of force there should be more emphasis on dialogue, negotiations and frequently resorting to the United Nations' intercession.
The president said that that there are limits to bilateralism in resolving serious disputes and if the parties to the dispute fail to resolve the issues through dialogue, inquiry, mediation, judicial settlement, resorting to regional agencies or arrangements, or other peaceful means of their own choice, as provided in the Charter of the United Nations, they should refer the matter back to the United Nations Security Council. If the Security Council determines that the continuation of the dispute is likely to endanger the maintenance of international peace and security, it can take further measures to settle the dispute peacefully either under Chapter VI or VII of the Charter, he said.
He said that for world peace the international community does not have to start from scratch because the UN is already there trying to its job through peacemaking, peacekeeping and peace-building. What is needed, he said, was to empower the UN to play its role for the maintenance of international peace and security.
Major powers, he said, because of their political clout should not monopolize decision making on chronic conflicts like Jammu and Kashmir. The United Nations, in accordance with its mandate, should be allowed and encouraged to seek democratic solutions to disputes and let the people of Kashmir exercise their right to self-determination.
The president said that sustainable peace is closely linked to sustainable development and the key here is to develop a nexus between peace, development and governance. He added that with 1.4 billion people living in the conflicts zones it is pertinent we invest in human and economic development, create conditions for stable governance, building inclusive societies, promoting justice and education.
Peace, said President Masood Khan, could be attained by identifying common goals that would help unite countries by giving a sense of ownership and encouraging participation of the people and state institutions. In this effort, cessation of hostilities, rescue, humanitarian assistance, stabilization, rehabilitation, reconstruction, restoration of governance and collectively working on the UN Sustainable.
Development Goals have to be simultaneously pursued. Similarly, he said that it is essential that we unite and fight the menace of terrorism and asymmetric warfare, interdict movement and block communication networks of terrorists, oppose ethnic nationalism and xenophobic elements.
The speakers at the event included Dorothea Hamilton, Lucia Mokra, Tang Xiaomin, Roger A Choate, Anas Audeh, Roque Silva Morgado, Meliz Erdem, Kyo Yeon Park, Elisa Rieger, Laure Gnassou, Jana Lozanoska, Pritam Singh, Alexandra Amling, Suha Atature and Sarah Amser; who presented their papers on various topics relating to peace, development and good governance.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): The Independence Day of Pakistan was observed
with great zeal and fervour in Denmark on Monday.
The main event of the celebrations was the flag hoisting ceremony held
at the Embassy of Pakistan in Copenhagen, said a press release received here.
The flag hoisting was performed by Ambassador Syed Zulfiqar Gardezi.
The ceremony was attented by a large number of members of the Pakistani community representing various walks of life including professionals, academicians, media men, politicians, poets and students from Copenhagen and different regions of Denmark. Syed Raza Ali Gillani, Punjab Minister for Higher Education also participated in the event.
Ambassador Gardezi read the messages by the President and the Prime
Minister of Pakistan on the occasion.
In his remarks, the ambassador highlighted the improved law and order
situation in Pakistan and the economic progress which deserved greater international recognition. He highlighted Pakistan's desire for peace in the region; unfortunately India was using harsh repressive measures to curb the Kashmiri freedom struggle for self-determination.
A photo exhibition highlighting the timeline of freedom movement of
Pakistan was also displayed on the occasion.
As the last great quarterback to lead the New York Jets to glory, Joe Namath's opinion still carries weight in the Empire City.
Broadway Joe, like the rest of us, eagerly awaits the Jets selecting a QB at No. 3 overall in Thursday's NFL draft. During a phone interview with ESPN's Rich Cimini, Namath had positive things to say about Josh Allen, Sam Darnold and Josh Rosen, but had particularly glowing comments about one possible pick: Baker Mayfield.
"I haven't met them, but I've watched them and the most outrageous, so to speak, that I've seen has been Mayfield," Namath said.
Namath said he watched Mayfield plenty in college and was especially impressed with the Oklahoma quarterback's play in a College Football Playoff loss to Georgia.
"Hey, it wasn't just Georgia, it was a couple of years, early on, when I saw him play," said Namath, tracing his affinity for Mayfield. "I saw him a couple of years back. I never saw him look bad. I don't know how tall he is. I still don't know big he is. Size can be a major asset, yes, size can be an asset in today's game. But Drew Brees, his size was questioned many times and he's one of the greatest players who's ever played."
Namath sees the positive traits many scouts love about Mayfield -- accuracy and quick release -- and noted he was glad his Alabama Crimson Tide didn't have to face the Oklahoma QB in the college championship game.
"When I see his quick feet and I see him throwing every which way, I see the accuracy, I see the intensity, his hustle," Namath said. "Hey, I tell you, I wouldn't want to play against him. I didn't want Alabama to play against him."
Aside from the knock on his height, Mayfield must stiff arm the belief he's a system quarterback and that he's too swaggerific to succeed in the NFL. The man who defined QB strutting doesn't sound worried about Mayfield.
"I'm not as big on the outward swagger, so to speak, but the confidence, the leadership qualities ... and that damn confidence, man. Don't tell me I can't do it, I'm gonna get it done," Namath said.
We'll choose to ignore the fact that the man famous for wearing fur coats and who guaranteed New York's Super Bowl victory says he's not big on "outward swagger."
If the Jets land Mayfield as their quarterback of the future there will be obstacles to overcome, but at least he's got approval from Gang Green's last great quarterback.
When goalies leave their crease to go after a loose puck bad things can happen.
They can misplay the puck. They can turn it over. They can lose the race. They can get caught out of position.
Washington Capitals goalie Braden Holtby has no time for any of those concerns, and demonstrated his fearless demeanor in the second period on Monday night.
Just as the Maple Leafs were successfully killing off a 5-on-3 situation, Mitch Marner seemed to have a clear path to picking up a loose puck just inside the Capitals blue line for what would have been a breakaway.
That is, until Holtby came flying out nowhere, sliding across the ice, and just managing to get his stick on the puck to knock it away from Marner, not only preventing a breakaway, but also narrowly avoiding what could have been a disastrous result for he and the Capitals.
At that point the Capitals were holding onto a 3-1 lead, but it would not last.
Thanks to a pair of Maple Leafs goals late in the second period the two teams went into the break tied at three. So while Holtby's gamble paid off on the short-term, it still was not enough to help the Capitals maintain their lead.
ZANESVILLE, Ohio- After being closed for a month Riverside Park reopens to the public.
Flooding of the Muskingum River caused Riverside Park to shut down. The superintendent of cemetery and parks and recreation says it took crews four days to clean the park up.
“We got plenty of calls through the month it was closed. People wanting to know if it was open,” said Jeff Johnson the Superintendent of Cemeteries and Parks and Recreation. “There was a lot of debris on the road. We had to get it out of the way so that people could get in and out. Mud, just stuff like that, from the flooding.”
The park is open everyday from daylight until dusk. Pet owners are asked to clean up behind their animals if they bring them to the park.
The Enugu State Government says that one of its major policy thrusts is to achieve self-sufficiency in food production and exportation in 2018.
The Commissioner for Agriculture, Emeka Edeh, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Enugu on Friday.
He said that the state government was prepared to fulfill its mandate to the people as enshrined in its four-point agenda.
Mr. Edeh said that the policy thrust as it affected agriculture was the establishment of 21 green cities for food production, following the state government's undertaking to make food available to the people.
He said that the state governor, Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, had been living up to his word by training over 2,000 youths on self-reliant agriculture.
Mr. Edeh said that the governor trained and empowered the youth with N100,000 each to set up a business and promised to do more if the money was properly managed.
He said the government had planted hectares of maize, rice, soya beans and other crops in its green cities, saying that government had also established 16 fish ponds across the state.
The commissioner said that the state government was encouraging the local governments to establish their own green cities as part of this year's project.
- Advertisement -
The Imo State Police Command has arrested a six-woman-child-trafficking syndicate, which allegedly specialised in stealing children from churches and selling them to buyers.
Parading the suspects on Sunday, the Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Andrew Enwerem, a Superintendent of Police, said the prime suspect, Nnenna Njoku (32), allegedly used her 10-year-old daughter, Chinecherem Onyejiaka, to lure children from churches and homes to her mother.
The police spokesperson, who identified the other suspects as Ijeoma Eboka, Irene Ogbuehi, Chinyere Mark, Perpetua Dike, Lilian Asoluka, Grace Ogueri and Edith Ejiaga, said investigation revealed that the number of children missing in the prime suspect's area of operation was nine.
Enwerem said, “After a thorough investigation, the prime suspect, Nnenna Njoku, a resident of Umuagwo in Imo State, was arrested.
“She was detained and later released on bail to help the police to track down other suspects she sold the children to. The prime suspect confessed to stealing three children.
“The other suspects were arrested and they made confessional statements, which led to the recovery of three children – Ezinne Nwosu (4), Chimjindum Felix (3), and Rejoice Ezirim (3).”
- Advertisement -
The police spokesman said the rescued children had been released to their biological parents.
“It is worthy of note that one Chimaobi Duru (4),was earlier recovered from the prime suspect, Nnenna Njoku, and has been released to his biological parents, Mr. and Mrs. Victor Duru from Anambra State. Effort is on to recover the remaining stolen children,” Enwerem added.
The police spokesperson said the state Commissioner of Police, Chris Ezike, had ordered that the suspects be charged to court to answer for their crime at the conclusion of investigations.
The prime suspect, a divorcee and mother of five children, told newsmen that she made N380,000 from the sale of the three children to Eboka, an indigene of Delta state.
She said while she stole the children from different churches in Imo State, she took them to Eboka at different meeting points in Anambra State, who sold them to waiting buyers.
The second buyer, Ogbueri (45) from Orlu in Imo State, confessed that she bought two children from Eboka for N600,000 each, while she sold them at N750,000 to Dike (60), and another buyer who was at large.
It was a short but meaningful meeting — the new City Council, headed by Mayor Gavin Buckley, met for the first and last time this year and listened to presentations from the city's various emergency personnel.
The mood early on was light. Congratulations and photo opportunities pre-empted the first meeting of the new legislative term, though no legislation was up for vote Monday night. The meeting marked the first for the mayor and Aldermen Elly Tierney, Marc Rodriguez, Shaneka Henson and Rob Savidge. The audience of gathered residents broke out into applause at least four times.
The new mayor started things off with a joke. “This is what I've been looking forward to,” he said before banging the chairman's gavel and calling the meeting to order.
Things kicked off with a “day in the life of an alderperson” guide reading from Alderwoman Rhonda Pindell-Charles, D-Ward 3. She oriented her new colleagues on how to do everything from handle constituent concerns to answer emails to keep snacks around in case a proper meal just isn't a possibility. “I always keep a banana handy,” she said.
The meeting continued with a presentation from the Annapolis Boat Shows, which presented a $464,088.68 check to the council for use of City Dock during the boat show weekend this past October.
President and General Manager of Annapolis Boat Shows Paul Jacobs updated the council on the organization's activities this year, including $251,000 raised toward hurricane relief. Jacobs also highlighted the Annapolis Boat Show's recent decision to lease space at 110 Compromise Street, the site of the long-vacant former Fawcett Boat Supplies.
The council also heard presentations from the Annapolis Police Department, the Annapolis Fire Department, the Office of Emergency Management and the harbormaster.
Police Chief Scott Baker highlighted progress within and challenges to department growth. The department is currently engaging in a community outreach Candy Cane Challenge. Officers have 8,000 candy canes to give out during the holiday season by making contact with city residents. The candy cane program is an example of the community policing model Baker has sought to implement since his appointment earlier this year. Buckley has not announced whether Baker will stay on the job as chief through his administration.
Baker discussed crime statistics through the year thus far. Part one crimes are down three percent, from 1,101 offenses in 2016 to 1,072 offenses in 2017. Part one crimes are considered a measure of the most significant crimes by law enforcement. They include homicide, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary, larceny and motor vehicle theft that city, county and state governments report to the FBI annually.
All part one crimes have decreased except theft, which is on the rise due to the opioid crisis, Baker said. Theft has risen 27 percent from 380 offenses in 2016 to 481 offenses this year. People desperate for money for drugs break into cars and homes, he said, inflating theft statistics. Simple assault and trespassing/disorderly conduct numbers have also risen.
Baker also noted the police department's outdated record-keeping system. The system will cost $100,000 to get to working condition and $800,000 to fully update, Baker said.
“One bad crash and we're in for a world of hurt,” he said. “I fear we could lose things permanently.”
Fire chief David Stokes also addressed the council. He, like Baker, highlighted the department's diversity, available services and cost of operating the department. He expressed concern for active shooter or terrorism situations as well as the rising costs of staffing and increasing calls, which put a strain on limited resources, he said.
As of deadline the Office of Emergency Management, harbormaster and planning and zoning department had not yet given their presentations.
CAPTION Illuminated boats cruise up and down Annapolis Harbor and Spa Creek in Annapolis during the Eastport Yacht Club Light Parade on Saturday December 9th 2017. Illuminated boats cruise up and down Annapolis Harbor and Spa Creek in Annapolis during the Eastport Yacht Club Light Parade on Saturday December 9th 2017. CAPTION Illuminated boats cruise up and down Annapolis Harbor and Spa Creek in Annapolis during the Eastport Yacht Club Light Parade on Saturday December 9th 2017. Illuminated boats cruise up and down Annapolis Harbor and Spa Creek in Annapolis during the Eastport Yacht Club Light Parade on Saturday December 9th 2017. CAPTION Navy head coach Ken Nuimatalolo discusses his teams' performance against Army, at the conclusion of Saturday, December 9th's 118th Army-Navy football game, held at Lincoln Financial Field, in Philadelphia. Navy head coach Ken Nuimatalolo discusses his teams' performance against Army, at the conclusion of Saturday, December 9th's 118th Army-Navy football game, held at Lincoln Financial Field, in Philadelphia. CAPTION The annual Midnight Madness event was held downtown Annapolis on Thursday night. Local shops and business stayed open till midnight for the seasonal shopping event. The annual Midnight Madness event was held downtown Annapolis on Thursday night. Local shops and business stayed open till midnight for the seasonal shopping event. CAPTION Midshipmen prepare for Saturday's Army Navy game on Wednesday night, December 6th, with the annual pep rally at Hospital Point at the United States Naval Academy. Midshipmen prepare for Saturday's Army Navy game on Wednesday night, December 6th, with the annual pep rally at Hospital Point at the United States Naval Academy. CAPTION Flags captured in battle by the Navy are being taken out of their cases in Mahan Hall at the Naval Academy in Annapolis for the first time in a century for conservation. Flags captured in battle by the Navy are being taken out of their cases in Mahan Hall at the Naval Academy in Annapolis for the first time in a century for conservation.
twitter.com/dtohl
Manchester: Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho praised Alexis Sanchez after the former Arsenal man scored his first league goal for his new club in a 2-0 win against Huddersfield Town at a "quiet" Old Trafford on Saturday.
Entertainment was in short supply at Old Trafford despite the victory but Mourinho chided the home fans for not supporting his players loudly enough.
However, one genuine positive for United was the performance of Chile international Sanchez, who shone the brightest on an afternoon on which Huddersfield were not shy in targeting the slightly built Chilean.
Yet despite watching his new signing get repeatedly clattered all afternoon, Mourinho said the goalscorer could handle it as United reduced the gap to Manchester City at the top of the Premier League to 13 points
"Alexis is a fantastic player but not a prima donna," Mourinho said.
"He's a humble guy who doesn't forget where he started and I'm pretty sure when he was playing in Chile he had difficult places to play with difficult performers and he's quite used to it."
Apart from Sanchez's brilliance, the other talking point at Old Trafford was Mourinho's decision to drop Paul Pogba following United's damaging defeat to Tottenham Hotspur in midweek.
Mourinho said there had been no falling out with Pogba but he has risked annoying United's fans after again criticising the volume levels inside Old Trafford.
After first ticking off supporters following a home win against Leicester back in August, and then in programme notes before a clash with Everton a month later, Mourinho again felt the need to point out that the Old Trafford crowd is big but shy.
"It's not Portsmouth," he said. "I remember Portsmouth in the Premier League. It was such a small stadium that the atmosphere there was incredible. Here the atmosphere is a bit quieter, ours is not very enthusiastic but the players love playing here.
"Paul is a fantastic player and no doubt for me one of the most talented players in the world but to sit on the bench for one day is not the end of the world."
Mourinho also used his post-match press conference to confirm that Marouane Fellaini is likely to be out until March after knee surgery.
Ahead of kick-off, there was an impeccably observed minute's silence to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the Munich air disaster, which falls on Tuesday, before the first half ended goalless after a physical Huddersfield team did all they could to keep United out.
Most of their tackles were borderline legal as Sanchez, Juan Mata and Antonio Valencia were all roughed up while one challenge on Scott McTominay was particularly harsh.
Sanchez got into the game more as it progressed and tested Jonas Lossl from 20 yards but David Wagner's side were determined to play for a point and often had all 11 men behind the ball to frustrate the home team.
However, after the break, Huddersfield's resistance ended, when Mata delivered an inch-perfect cross for Romelu Lukaku, who volleyed home from close range.
Midway through the second half, Sanchez was clumsily fouled by Michael Hefele on the edge of the box and although his initial spot kick was saved, he calmly followed up the rebound to finish off Huddersfield as they fell into the bottom three for the first time this term.
"We wanted to be stable and compact and frustrate Man United for as long as we could," Wagner said. "Unfortunately, that was not long enough. Defensively I saw everything I wanted to see and work ethic, desire and togetherness.
"Unfortunately we were not able to create defensive moments. In the end it was a fair result."
Scott Sonner, The Associated Press Jan 2, 2017
RENO, Nev. — Madeleine Pickens wanted the African-American chef she recruited from the country club she owns in Southern California to cook “black people food” — not “white people food” — at her rural Nevada dude ranch and wild horse sanctuary, according to a federal lawsuit accusing her of racial discrimination.
Armand Appling says the wealthy philanthropist and ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens told him fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread would be perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages, ride horses and take Wild West “safaris” on ATVs at her Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort.
Appling alleges he was fired 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment. He says Pickens' stereotypical references were commonplace at the Elko County ranch stretching across 900 square miles (2331 sq. km) on the edge of the Ruby Mountains about 50 miles (80 km) west of the Utah line.
Among other things, he says Pickens, who is white, instructed him to terminate two other black kitchen staffers — one she referred to as her “bull” or “ox” and another who had “too much personality.” He says she told him they didn't “look like people we have working at the country club” and didn't “fit the image” of the staff she wanted at the ranch.
Pickens' lawyers argue that even if all the allegations are true, none of her comments were racially motivated. At worst, Pickens' remarks “reflect a non-racial personality conflict and amount to discourtesy, rudeness or lack of sensitivity,” they wrote in recent court filings.
U.S. District Judge Miranda Du said during a hearing in Reno last week that Appling's lawyers have failed so far to prove the sort of racial hostility needed to win such a civil rights claim. She dismissed the original lawsuit that was filed in February but gave them until Jan. 13 to refile an amended complaint seeking unspecified damages from Pickens' non-profit, Save America's Mustangs.
“It takes a lot to prove these allegations,” Du told California attorney Willie Williams on Thursday.
Du agreed with Pickens' lawyer, Dora Lane of Reno, that the only comment that specifically referred to race was the reference to “black people food.”
Lane said categorizing foods by ethnicity is commonplace in the restaurant industry. Some restaurants serve Mexican food, others Chinese or Thai food, she said.
“The suggestion that such categorizations are inherently offensive is nonsense,” Lane argued in earlier court documents. “This is especially true here, given that Pickens' alleged comments actually reflect a preference for 'black people food' rather than a racial anima against 'black people' or 'black people food.”'
Williams said Pickens' comments about the fired employees “not fitting in” reinforces a long history of African-Americans not being allowed into elite, private-club settings. Pickens owns the exclusive Del Mar Country Club north of San Diego where Appling worked before she hired him for a five-month stint in Nevada.
“In many cases, the people fighting to keep African-Americans out of these private clubs would use code phrases like 'they do not fit the image,”' Williams said in court documents. He added the use of the words “ox” and “bull” implies ownership of property, given “America's long history of slavery where they were considered personal property of their owners.”
Lane argued it was a complimentary reference to physical strength and “was not accompanied by any overtly racial slurs.”
“Indeed, Appling does not allege that he ever heard any overtly racial epithets, such as the 'N-word,”' she wrote in court documents.
But Williams told the judge last week the comments must be viewed in the context of racial stereotypes.
Du agreed that Lane's arguments focus on the “plain meaning of words” while seemingly ignoring the context of comments made about “African-Americans in history and stereotypes that could give rise to racial animas.”
“If the alleged comments were not directed at him, but others who look like him, it may affect his work environment,” the judge said.
Manchester United are happy to sell Matteo Darmian and Daley Blind
Jose Mourinho does not mind the duo being carted off as neither are in his first-team plans.
Both of them featured sparingly last season with the Portuguese manager already looking at replacements.
Darmian made just eight appearances in the Premier League whilst Blind played in seven.
Ajax are interested in re-signing the Dutchman whilst Juventus have been heavily linked with the ex-Torino defender.
With the pair both entering the final year of their contracts, the Red Devils are looking to recoup some of the money they spent on them.
CAF President Ahmad Ahmad has revealed that talks are progressing well regarding the return of the Afro-Asian Club Championship.
Speaking to journalists at the 40th CAF Ordinary General Assembly in Casablanca, Ahmad confirmed that talks were progressing well between the Confederation of African Football and the Asian Football Confederation regarding the relaunch of the Afro-Asian Cup.
“The project is being discussed between CAF and AFC,” Ahmad told journalists, “but an agreement hasn't yet been reached.
“We expect it to be successful,” he continued. “The plan is to relaunch the competition that existed in the past, and we hope it can do so again in the future.”
CAF and the AFC previously organised two intercontinental tournaments together, one of the continents' club sides, and the other for national teams.
The Afro-Asian Club Championship – a showpiece that pitted the winners of the African Champions' Cup (now the CAF Champions League) and the Asian Club Championship (now the AFC Champions League) – was founded in 1986.
The first two editions were contested in a one-off final, before the tournament switched to a two-legged final format that emulated the CAF Champions League.
CAF opted to discontinue the tournament in 2000 in light of AFC representatives' decision to back Germany's World Cup hosting bid over South Africa's.
Of the eleven editions, eight were won by African sides – with Egypt producing three winners – while Asian sides won three finals.
North Africa dominated the competition, producing 10 finalists, while South Africa's Orlando Pirates in 1996 were the only Sub-Saharan representatives.
The two confederations also jointly hosted the troubled Afro-Asian Cup of Nations, which ran for seven editions between 1985 and 2007, with Africa winning four to three.
Cameroon won the first edition in 1985 – beating Saudi Arabia in a two-legged final – although Japan were the only side to win it twice, beating the Ivory Coast in 1993 and Egypt in 2007.
STOCKHOLM: A man in his 20s has been arrested at the airport in the Swedish city of Gothenburg for allegedly trying to travel with explosive material, the police said on Friday (Oct 6).
The man was passing through security control on Thursday morning at Landvetter Airport when the screening showed "something explosive", police spokesman Peter Adlersson told AFP.
Adlersson, who did not disclose what the suspect was carrying, said he was "going to fly to another EU country".
Swedish daily Aftonbladet said the man was carrying acetone peroxide (TATP), a component of bombs used in several attacks across Europe, including Manchester, Brussels and Paris.
Police are inspecting his belongings to determine if they could have posed a threat, Adlersson said.
Authorities have not disclosed the suspect's identity but the Swedish daily Goteborgs-Posten said he is a German citizen.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He was arrested on suspicion of "attempted public destruction", the public prosecutor's office said in a statement on Friday.
BETHESDA announced The Elder Scrolls 6 during E3 2018 - Here's everything we know about the Skyrim sequel so far.
BETHESDA Elder Scrolls 6: Release Date, Location News, Rumours for Bethesda's PS4, PS5, Xbox sequel
DS
Todd Howard Talks Game Engine Improvements As we've covered below, The Elder Scrolls 6 is quite a few years off, but Todd Howard speaking with GameStar we have learnt a little more about the potential changes to the game's engine. And it sounds like it's quite a task.
The interview with Howard is mostly focussed on Bethesda's next big release, Fallout 76, to which he explained that the team intend to significantly improve on the engine used during Fallout 4. “For Fallout 76 we have changed a lot," explained Howard. "The game uses a new renderer, a new lighting system and a new system for the landscape generation.” But this isn't where the progress ends, because, from the sounds of it, Bethesda is going to be iterating on their existing engine for quite some time. "For Starfield even more of it changes. And for The Elder Scrolls 6, out there on the horizon even more. We like our editor. It allows us to create worlds really fast and the modders know it really well. There are some elementary ways we create our games and that will continue because that lets us be efficient and we think it works best.”
Games Releasing In 2019 And Beyond: The Last of Us Part 2, Elder Scrolls 6, Halo Infinite Take a look at some of the excellent games coming in 2019 and beyond. 1 / 32 PH Halo Infinite
DS
The Elder Scrolls 6 - Overview Developer: Bethesda Game Studios
Publisher: Bethesda Softworks
Platform: TBC
Genre: Fantasy RPG The Elder Scrolls 6 - What we know so far At E3 2018, during Bethesda's press conference, the news Elder Scrolls fans had been waiting for was finally dropped. Bethesda's smooth-talking director and executive producer Todd Howard announced The Elder Scrolls VI (6 for those of you who hate Roman numerals). Here's the official blurb: "Currently in pre-production at Bethesda Game Studios, the acclaimed developers of Skyrim and Fallout 4. The highly-anticipated next chapter in the iconic The Elder Scrolls series." Little else is known about the game, but we've attempted to gather as many details as can, just below. Bethesda's charismatic director and executive producer
DS
The Elder Scrolls 6 - Where is it set? Nope, no one knows, however, one of the finest investigative deep dives into the subtle clues we've been given in the trailer comes from Chris Tapsell, of Eurogamer. Tapsell believes he's narrowed down The Elder Scrolls 6 location to Hammerfell. There's a very competent reasoning behind it, but you'd have to read Eurogamers Elder Scrolls feature to understand why. Interestingly, Eurogamer then caught up with Todd Howard at the Spanish conference Gamelab in June and was able to discern a bit of new info about the game's setting.
Allegedly though, Bethesda settled on the region The Elder Scrolls 6 will be based in, "a while ago". And when asked if it was possible to work out what region based on the E3 Teaser trailer Howard replied: "I obviously would say yes ... but you can't - it's intentionally... You can rule some things out. And you can rule some things in. "The first thing we do is the world so we've known for a while where it's set."
DS
The Elder Scrolls 6 - Release Date At E3 2018 Todd Howard was quite forward with stating that this game is set to arrive on next-gen consoles, but importantly it's also set to arrive after Bethesda have concluded work on Starfield. "Starfield is a game we've spent years thinking about and working on, something we feel uniquely positioned to pull off, and we're incredibly excited about," Howard said. "But we're also building toward the game after that... and it's the one you keep asking about." So what does that mean? Well, straight off the bat, you know you're going to be waiting quite some time for this game to arrive.
In all likelihood, Bethesda won't look to dedicate any massive amount of resources to the game until after Starfield has shipped. In addition, in an interview with Gameslice's Geoff Keighley during E3, Todd Howard confirmed at what stage the game is at, saying: "I would say Elder Scrolls 6 is in pre-production, and Starfield is in production. It's a game we've been making for awhile ... Starfield is playable. Elder Scrolls 6, not in that way yet." So look, you want a release date? We ain't got one, but we imagine you're looking at sometime in the early 2020s before this game ships.
DS
WASHINGTON-Actress and activist Lindsay Lohan has revealed she feels ‘'proud'' of her younger brother Dakota after he made his catwalk debut at New York Fashion Week. Lindsay Lohan feels ‘'proud'' of her younger brother Dakota after he made his runway debut at New York Fashion Week.
The 30-year-old actress arrived in the Big Apple to watch her brother as he walked at the Love X Fashion X Art by Domingo Zapata show, and Lindsay admitted it was ‘'important'' to her to support Dakota during his first foray into the industry.
Lindsay said: ‘'I am just so proud to see my brother walk in my very close friend's show.''
The flame-haired star also paid tribute to the IMG modelling agency, who are supporting Dakota's career.
Lindsay told DailyMail.com: ‘'IMG has been great for him and his future. They are wonderful and very supportive of red hair and freckles! Reminds me of when I was young. I support my family. That's what is important!''
Meanwhile, Lindsay recently defended her bizarre new accent, after a video interview went viral last year in which she appeared to have lost her American twang.
The ‘Mean Girls' star - who was born in New York but has recently been living in London - explained that because she has been trying to learn multiple languages, her accent has evolved.
She said: ‘'I was learning Arabic and Russian, and I studied French for nine years. I was also picking up on some Turkish, and then Greek.
‘'When I'm around different people and different places I tend to change and talk very quickly. Things come out and a flip into [accents] depending on who I'm with. You acquire different dialects.''
Lindsay's mother Dina Lohan also previously addressed the issue, saying she has the ‘'gift'' of being able to learn languages quickly.
Dina explained: ‘'I raised Lindsay and all my children to constantly learn different languages and embrace different cultures. Since Lindsay was a kid, she was speaking fluent Italian because my mother is Italian and would only speak to her in it.
‘'She taught herself how to speak French, Arabic, Hebrew and the list goes on. Lindsay has a very high IQ and is very intelligent and can pick up on any language in a minute. She has that gift. She is a worldly person who has so many talents and so much to offer, and that's what makes her so special and so beautiful.''
AMESBURY, United Kingdom: Two people are critically ill in hospital after suspected exposure to an "unknown substance" near the English town where a former Russian spy was poisoned with a nerve agent, officials said on Wednesday (Jul 4).
Counter-terrorism police, who the LED the investigation into the poisoning of Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia, said they were assisting local police in the investigation which has been declared a "major incident" by the emergency services.
Advertisement
The poisoning of former spy Sergei Skripal had sparked a major diplomatic row with Russia. (Photo: AFP/Yuri Senatorov)
Scientists at Britain's defence laboratory at Porton Down are carrying out tests to try and establish if there is any connection between the two incidents, British media reported.
The couple, a 45-year-old man and a 44-year-old woman, were discovered unconscious at a house in a quiet, newly-built area in Amesbury, a village near the prehistoric Stonehenge monument.
Local man Sam Hobson, 29, told AFP he was a friend of the pair, identifying them as Charlie Rowley and Dawn Sturgess.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He said that Sturgess fell ill first then Rowley later on.
"He was sweating loads, dribbling, and you couldn't speak to him, he was making funny noises and he was rocking backwards and forwards," Hobson said.
"It's like he was in another world."
Amesbury is about 12 kilometres from Salisbury, where the Skripals were found slumped on a bench in March in an incident that sparked a bitter diplomatic crisis with Russia.
PM 'REGULARLY UPDATED'
In Salisbury, local residents said they were "shocked" that their quiet area was again hitting the headlines.
"I was shocked to hear that something had happened so soon after the last contamination scare," Patrick Hillman, 70, told AFP.
The Skripal poisoning "really affected business and life in general in Salisbury" in recent months, he said.
"It is a bit of a scare," said John Reid, 84.
Prime Minister Theresa May's Downing Street office said the incident was being treated "with the utmost seriousness".
Officials were briefed at an emergency meeting at the Cabinet Office on Wednesday and were due to hold a similar meeting later in the day, while police launched two helplines for those worried about possible contamination.
The two patients "are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital," a police statement said.
"They are both in a critical condition."
It is the same hospital where the Skripals were treated.
The pair were found on Saturday with police saying they initially suspected they had fallen ill after using "heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs."
"However, further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind."
'SUCH A QUIET PLACE'
Security cordons have been set up around the areas where the pair went before they fell ill with security boosted in both Amesbury and Salisbury.
A spokesman for Public Health England (PHE) said "it is not believed that there is a significant health risk to the wider public."
Local resident Natalie Smyth, 27, told AFP she saw fire engines and ambulances arrive at the house on Saturday.
"They shut the road. They said it was a chemical incident and then that it was drug-related.
"It is so strange, it is such a quiet place," she said, indicating that the emergency services personnel were wearing protective suits.
Robert Yuill, a local councillor, said the emergency services reaction to the incident was "far less intense" than after the Skripal poisoning.
POLICE 'CONTAINING ANY RISK'
Wiltshire's Police and Crime Commissioner Angus Macpherson said there was "no reason to think it's connected" to the Skripal case.
Skripal, 67, and his 33-year-old daughter Yulia, who was visiting from Moscow, collapsed on March 4 in Salisbury and were treated for an extended period of time before being released from hospital.
A police officer who came to their aid, Nick Bailey, was also taken to hospital.
Moscow has rejected British accusations of involvement in the Skripal poisoning, which sparked a diplomatic crisis that saw Russia and the West expelling dozens of diplomats in tit-for-tat moves.
Britain said a Soviet-made nerve agent dubbed novichok was used on the Skripals.
A powerful new storm is expected to arrive in Southern California on Friday, and it could provide a walloping, with possible flash flooding, mudslides and rock slides.
“The Friday storm in particular could in fact become the strongest of the season in the Los Angeles region,” said UCLA climate scientist Daniel Swain.
A slow-moving storm is expected to debut in the Southland with some light rain Thursday night or Friday morning, but is expected to dump large amounts of rain in a short time frame during its peak Friday afternoon and evening, said Ryan Kittell, a forecaster with the National Weather Service in Oxnard.
Rainfall totals for the Los Angeles metropolitan area are predicted to be between 2 to 4 inches, with 6 to 8 inches expected in the mountains and foothills, he said.
“The raw numbers don't look that scary, but if we get the bulk of that coming over a small period, that will cause a lot of issues,” Kittell said. Much of that rain could fall within a 12-hour period Friday, and it could fall at a rate of more than an inch per hour, he said.
There is a high likelihood, Kittell said, for a “lot of roadway flooding,” as well as falling trees because the storm also is expected to usher in powerful winds.
ALSO
An 'aggressive, proactive attack' to prevent disaster at the Oroville Dam
Trump approves FEMA disaster declaration for 34 California counties hit by storms
El Niño triggered unprecedented erosion across California's coast
- Advertisement -
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), Debt Management Office (DMO) and other stakeholders have said that for the nation's capital market to grow, there must be mechanism for efficiency, accountability and transparency across major economy players including the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN).
Speaking at the 2017 workshop of the Capital Market Correspondents Association of Nigeria, the acting director-general, SEC, Dr. Abdul Zubair, at the weekend in Lagos said, apex capital market regulating body in deepening the market over the years continued to introduce initiatives targeted at enhancing the capital market contribution to economic growth and development.
He noted that the initiatives introduced were in support of federal government policy of ease of doing business. According to him, SEC had introduced dematerialization, direct cash settlement, E-dividend management system, National Investor Protection Fund, Corporate Governance Code and Scorecard, Non-Interest Products and Complaint Management Framework.
He maintained that, the commission is poised to ensure the stability of the Nigerian capital market and maintain the high level of investor confidence observed in the market.
The president of Issuing Houses of Nigeria, Mr. Sonnie Ayere, called on more collaborative money market Instrument transactions, saying, “In order to facilitate a more robust and deeper financial market, we are proposing that the CBN allow capital market institutions with the requisite capital as agreed by CBN access to Primary Auctions on behalf of themselves and their customers.
“The core rationale, being to allow capital market operators play a more robust role in the financial markets and ensure them, access to liquidity. Thus, capital market operators with the requisite capital can be a money market dealer without any further licencing or regulatory responsibility required. We are nevertheless open to options as proposed by the CBN.”
- Advertisement -
He explained that, achieving this can only lead to a more robust financial market, a deeper pool of technically savvy operators that can seamlessly transmit monetary policies to all segments of the financial markets with little or no discernible systemic or operational risks.
The vice president and divisional head, Corporate Planning, FMDQ OTC securities Exchange, Kaodi Ugoji, said Nigeria as a country has not taken full advantage of the capital market to develop its economy. She expressed that the capital market is an important medium to channel long-term savings into investment in the real economy.
According to her, Nigeria's capital market is faced with high implied costs, low primary issuance, high interest rate environment, illiquidity and lack of legal and regulatory frameworks.
Solution she highlighted include stable macro economy environment in order to deepen the market, reduced transactions costs and lower capital requirements for corporate issuers.
According to her, the importance of a strong and viable domestic capital market as an alternative source of finance inn emerging economies has been affirmed by the success it has enjoyed in countries such as Brazil, Malaysia, Russia, India and China. With government economic reforming running at full throttle, prospects are high for the sustained developments of the Nigerian capital market as a viable tool for driving Nigeria's economic growth.
Meanwhile, the chairman, Association of Stockbrokers House of Nigeria (ASHON), Mr. Patrick Ezeagu, in its remarks said, Nigeria as a country as a poor saving culture that makes it difficult to deepen the capital market. He noted that Nigeria lack disciple to develop its economy from within, stressing that government must create an enabling environment for investment to thrive locally.
State and county officials will help honor former health secretary Nelson Sabatini Tuesday when he is presented with a lifetime achievement award from a Severna Park-based nonprofit that focuses on mental health and addiction.
The award is being presented by The Robert A. Pascal Youth and Family Services and the Pascal Crisis Stabilization Center, which Sabatini helped open last year.
Sabatini served as the secretary of the health and mental hygiene under governors William Schaefer and Robert Ehrlich Jr., from 1991 to 1994 and 2003 to 2004, respectively.
A ribbon cutting ceremony is held for the Pascal Crisis Stabilization Center in Crownsville . (Joshua McKerrow) (Joshua McKerrow)
He will receive the award at the Pascal's Chophouse restaurant in Severna Park at noon, with dignitaries like Schuh, State's Attorney Wes Adams and state Sen. Ed Reilly, R-Crofton, scheduled to speak.
County health Officer Fran Phillips praised Sabatini as someone who “plays on a national sphere” and has continued to work in the field.
Despite his exit from state office, he's continued to be active as an advocate for addiction treatment centers.
In 2017, he helped open the Pascal Crisis Stabilization Center on the grounds of the old Crownsville Hospital Center, creating a 5,000-square-foot, 16-bed facility intended to offer those with underlying mental health issues an option for treatment outside of hospital emergency rooms.
The center was made possible by $225,000 in state grant money that Sabatini and former County Executive Robert Pascal helped get off the ground.
CAPTION Ryan Hollebon, 40, pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in January in the death of Jhalandia Butler, 28, in March 2017. While the judge said Hollebon showed remorse for his actions, the murder itself was “horrible.” Ryan Hollebon, 40, pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in January in the death of Jhalandia Butler, 28, in March 2017. While the judge said Hollebon showed remorse for his actions, the murder itself was “horrible.” CAPTION Ryan Hollebon, 40, pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in January in the death of Jhalandia Butler, 28, in March 2017. While the judge said Hollebon showed remorse for his actions, the murder itself was “horrible.” Ryan Hollebon, 40, pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in January in the death of Jhalandia Butler, 28, in March 2017. While the judge said Hollebon showed remorse for his actions, the murder itself was “horrible.” CAPTION Investigators are on the scene of an overnight fire that claimed the lives of one woman and two men at what is being called a group home associated with the Arundel Lodge on Stone Hearth Drive in Severn near Ft. Meade. Investigators are on the scene of an overnight fire that claimed the lives of one woman and two men at what is being called a group home associated with the Arundel Lodge on Stone Hearth Drive in Severn near Ft. Meade. CAPTION A neighbor, Maggie Duppins, shot this video of fatal house fire in Severn Saturday night. No cause has been determined in the fire, but an investigation is continuing. A neighbor, Maggie Duppins, shot this video of fatal house fire in Severn Saturday night. No cause has been determined in the fire, but an investigation is continuing. CAPTION Ryan Hollebon, 39, was sentenced to life without parole after pleading guilty to murdering Jhalandia Butler, 28. Ryan Hollebon, 39, was sentenced to life without parole after pleading guilty to murdering Jhalandia Butler, 28. CAPTION The state Senate office buildings in Annapolis were briefly evacuated Friday morning after back up batteries in a basement began emitting a strong odor. (Chase Cook l Capital Gazette) The state Senate office buildings in Annapolis were briefly evacuated Friday morning after back up batteries in a basement began emitting a strong odor. (Chase Cook l Capital Gazette)
twitter.com/PhilDavis_CG
With a younger squad and defensive talent, Stan Van Gundy has a lot to work with. Photo: Gregory Shamus/Getty Images North America
The Detroit Pistons have hit a brick wall in terms of progress. They were swept right out of the playoffs in the 2015-16 season in, arguably, their best regular season since their championship season in 2003-04. This past season, the Pistons were struggling to fight for the eighth seed and, ultimately, fell a couple of spots short. Now there seems to be a question mark highlighting what the organization plans to do this coming season, despite the Eastern Conference becoming the weakest it's been in years.
NBA Draft
The Pistons had a single draft pick this past offseason and that pick came as Luke Kennard in the lottery. The sharpshooter out of Duke University seems to be an element of the Pistons' plans for the future, specifically because he offers something the Pistons haven't seen in a little while: smart shooting.
Lights out shooting? Look no further than Kennard. Photo: Elsa/Getty Images North America
Coming out of his sophomore season at Duke, Kennard was lights out from beyond the arc, shooting 43.8 percent, a 12 percent increase from his freshman year. Granted, he played more minutes in his second year, which explains such an inflation in performance, but it's a good quality to see nonetheless. Given the Pistons banked their only pick on Kennard, he figures to be a solid rotational piece in the coming season so Head Coach Stan Van Gundy can see what the kid is made of.
There's a good chance Kennard is designated to the G League for a brief stint if he doesn't provide quality bench minutes, but with the direction the Pistons are headed, perhaps it's best to keep him on the roster at all times.
Free Agency
One of the biggest departures for the Pistons was shooting guard Kentavious Caldwell-Pope. Caldwell-Pope was unable to make a significant change from a 2015-16 season in which he averaged a career-high 14.5 points per game on 42 percent shooting, but he put together a decent season for Detroit in retrospect. That performance earned him a decently priced contract with the Los Angeles Lakers, a team that looks to have improved with his presence.
Another familiar face that left this offseason was Marcus Morris whom the Pistons traded for newly acquired Avery Bradley. Bradley was plagued by injury last season but figures to be a nice new addition to a relatively young Pistons core. His defensive upside will likely boost the Pistons' confidence on both ends of the floor, especially with Andre Drummond leading the frontcourt in defensive prowess.
Bradley brings grit to a young, goal-driven team. Photo: Adam Glanzman/Getty Images North America
The Pistons also lost Aron Baynes in free agency and acquired Langston Galloway and Eric Moreland but made no other notable acquisitions. Beno Udrih tested free agency and re-signed with the Pistons as well.
Depth Chart
ESPN's projected depth chart is as follows:
PG - Reggie Jackson/Ish Smith/Beno Udrih
SG - Avery Bradley/Langston Galloway/Luke Kennard
SF - Stanley Johnson/Reggie Bullock
PF - Tobias Harris/Jon Leuer/Henry Ellenson/Anthony Tolliver
C - Andre Drummond/Boban Marjanovic/Eric Moreland
Of course, these kinds of things are all subject to change, but for the most part, ESPN seems to have gotten this rotation down pat. However, Kennard's prospects are so high that he could potentially surpass Galloway. Meanwhile, Stanley Johnson is getting a shot at a potential starting job to begin the season, shoes he hasn't necessarily filled since joining the big leagues.
The youth in this starting five is exciting to envision for the coming season, especially in an Eastern Conference filled with young, rebuilding squads.
2018 NBA Draft
The Pistons have retained both of their own first and second-round picks. Since there are no stipulations that could potentially affect the status of their draft picks, the Pistons have full control of how they implement the draft. In a 2018 class with a few big names, aiming for the top three spots in the draft is something the Pistons may strive for.
The Pistons have high expectations for Drummond, but for how much longer? Photo: Gregory Shamus/Getty Images North America
However, since the NBA passed regulations to limit the number of teams employing the tanking tactic, it will be harder for the Pistons to purposely perform at lesser standards and earn a higher percentage at a top pick. That being said, trying their best is likely in the cards and, if they happen to put together a weak season, then they at least have a 14 percent chance at the number one overall pick in the lottery.
If the Pistons manage to secure a Top-3 pick, they can draft an important talent for the future of the organization, accelerating their rebuild tenfold.
2018 season predictions
There isn't much else to say about this Pistons team except for the fact that a young, motivated team could potentially make some noise in a weakened conference. However, because of the uncertainty of the roster and its goals, there's no true expectation to take from the Pistons' design. Since the east has a few teams that are trying to restructure and find a focus for the future of their respective organizations, and the Pistons, in particular, have a solid core to work with, they could be one of the most interesting teams in the east in 2018.
Touching back on the anti-tanking legislation passed by the league, we see the Pistons on paper and think "tank." But we just might see the utmost effort from each of these young guys to prove that they're not a team to be messed with. The Pistons will be a gritty team, but they will fall short of the playoffs this season. My guess is they wind up hovering just below .500 at 37-45.
Unleashing a New Year
UBC President Santa Ono and his wife Wendy Yip hosted the institution's 10th annual Lunar New Year Dinner.
A record number of alumni and friends — the university's top advocates and donors who celebrate the Lunar New Year — convened for a special dinner to usher in the Year of the Dog. Long regarded as an auspicious animal in Chinese mythology, the dog is typically described as man's best friend, a loyal ally.
A fitting symbol for the partnership between UBC and its alumni, Ono highlighted the many examples of Asian influence on the Point Grey campus. From well-named facilities such as the C.K. Choi Building, Liu Institute for Global Issues, Chan Centre for Performing Arts, and the Robert H. Lee Alumni Centre, where the lavish festivities took place.
Some 200 guests entered Jack Poole Hall, led by UBC's Kung Fu Club and two dancing lions. Folks dined on sesame seed crusted pan seared Atlantic scallops, Hoi Sin braised AAA Alberta beef short rib and red bean passion fruit parfait before hearing from UBC's 15th president.
In his 30-minute address, Ono sang the praises of accomplished alumni.
They included Carol Lee and her efforts to revitalize Chinatown; Dr.Ken and Susan Chow, and Dr.Anthony and Grace Li for their major contributions to UBC's Geriatric Dental Program, and CV Chung and his wife Chiyeko and their son Aaron, all of who are UBC alumni, for their generous support of student spaces.
Motivated by the many examples of giving, attendees Betty Li, Michael Mao, Rachel Chen and Hao Shi stepped forward sharing with Professor Ono their commitment to raise $1 million for UBC's Blue and Gold Campaign for Students, the largest fundraising effort in school history aiming to raise $100 million over three years for student awards and financial assistance.
“Students are our future, our future leaders, and we need to give back and provide as many students as possible access to life-changing education,” says Mao.
Great Scot, well plaid
For the first time in nearly 50 years, made-in Scotland haggis was readily available for Canadians to import after a ban on the offal was lifted.
A savoury pudding usually containing sheep's liver, lungs and heart minced with oatmeal, spices and onions, there was no better opportunity to talk up Scotland's national dish than at a Robbie Burns Supper, in honour of the legendary poet's 259th birthday.
Staged at Vancouver's Pan Pacific Hotel and sponsored by ScotCan B.C., British Airways and the British Canadian Business Association, more than 125-kilted lads and lassies including ScotCan B.C. president Gareth Withers and UK consul general Nicole Davison gathered to celebrate the life and times of Scotland's national bard and to enjoy an authentic Burns dinner.
As usual the evening began with the piping in of the haggis. After warmly welcomed by members of the Vancouver Police Pipe Band and formerly addressed and revered in a ceremony worthy for Royals, the Scottish delicacy was cut open, whisked away and masterfully prepared by executive chef Geoff Carkner.
Fans tucked into their delicious meal of haggis accompanied by turnip and potatoes, washing it down with drams of fine whisky provided by Authentic Wines and Spirits.
Following the royal repast yours truly headlined the spirited four-lot auction of one-of-a-kind experiences. A business class trip to Scotland's capital Edinburgh would garner the night's top bid.
Before the traditional singing of Auld Lang Syne that Burns penned to conclude the festivities, the inaugural dinner and auction would post more than $12,000 for prostate cancer research and the national Plaid for Dad campaign.
Lunching with Jays
You wouldn't know the start of baseball season was still two months away judging by the crowd that assembled in the Hotel Vancouver ballroom.
Bringing baseball fans together from all across the Lower Mainland, the Vancouver Canadians hosted its eighth Hot Stove Luncheon, presented by Scotiabank. Hundreds of baseball and Blue Jays fans huddled to hear and get autographs from Blue Jays' GM Ross Atkins, president emeritus Paul Beeston, and former outfielder and fan fave Lloyd (Shaker) Moseby — the special guests at the franchise's annual power lunch.
With Vancouver sports broadcaster Rob Fai looking after the master of ceremony duties, the three men shared their love of the game, time with the Blue Jays' organization and predictions for the MLB season ahead.
More importantly, the afternoon was about the generosity of attendees who spent their money between courses on a raffle and auction to help outfit and provide more than 1,000 children from the Boys and Girls Club of South Coast B.C. the opportunity to play organized baseball, cost-free.
The Canadians' owner Jeff Mooney and his wife Suzanne Bolton would have everyone on their feet when they committed $100,000 in scholarship funds to give deserving children from the Boys and Girls Club the chance to further their academic aspirations.
Mooney along with C's president Andy Dunn, also took the opportunity to provide funds to baseball-related organizations (in the amounts of $10,000 each) to develop student-athletes at the University of British Columbia, Canada's Women's National Baseball Program and Challenger Baseball, a league for children with cognitive and physical disabilities the opportunity to enjoy the game.
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com
MDP Chair: Will Trump start selling admission to nat'l security meetings at Mar-a-Lago?
With President Donald Trump under increasing criticism for lax security practices that are threatening to jeopardize American security, Missouri's Republican officeholders have so far remained silent.
“Missouri's Republican officeholders had a lot to say about the email server belonging to a former Presidential candidate,” said Stephen Webber, Missouri Democratic Party Chair. “So why are they remaining silent while Donald Trump holds a meeting about North Korea's missile test in full view of Mar-a-Lago guests, and let's the nuclear football staff be posted on Facebook? Is Donald Trump going to start selling admission to national security meetings at Mar-a-Lago to the highest bidders?”
According to Capitol Hill newspaper Politico: “Donald Trump's administration is being accused of jeopardizing national security after a string of high-profile controversies over its handling of sensitive information, with Democrats and independent experts accusing the president of risking new leaks and cyberattacks. Complaints over Trump's security practices have piled up since the start of his presidency, with the furor peaking Saturday when Trump took a phone call about a North Korean missile test while sitting in full view of the guests at his private Mar-a-Lago club in Florida.”
In addition to holding a impromptu national security meeting in public view, Trump has continued tweeting via what's reportedly an unsecured Android cellphone, risking hacking into his personal device. And he has left a “lockbag” — a secure pouch for transferring intergovernment information that requires restricted access — with the key in it sitting on his desk as the press snapped photos of him.
As also reported in Politico:
“It's against best practices of operational security,” said Jonathan Wackrow, a former Secret Service agent who now runs a private security consulting firm. “The people he surrounds himself with should know better. I don't see that voice of reason anywhere.”
“Think about the impact an attacker could have if they could access POTUS's phone microphone, or that of his aides, during key briefings such as the meeting in Mar-a-Lago on Saturday night,” said Mike Murray, a vice president at the mobile security company Lookout.
Throughout the Presidential campaign, virtually all of Missouri's Republican officeholders piled criticism on Democratic Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton for her use of a private email server – but none have spoken out publicly against serious lapses in Trump Administration protocols. V
Via Press Release
