NEW YORK — Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
A statement issued through a spokesman Wednesday says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare him to testify. They say he learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not.
They say his request for more time was denied.
Prosecutors declined to comment.
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York. Dozens more women have accused him of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
The 66-year-old former movie mogul has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
03/19/18 – 7:21 P.M.
Marathon Center for the Performing Arts and Findlay Light Opera Company are joining forces. The collaboration is part of a two-year long partnership plan to bring community theatre to the Donnell Theater. The theater used to be Central Auditorium and is where the Findlay Light Opera Company held its shows.
The partnership is partially funded by a grant from the Hancock County Convention and Visitors Bureau. It will begin this fall with four cabaret shows as part of MCPA's LIVE @ ARMES Series. There will also be musicals with a community cast in the winters of 2019 and 2020. A full-stage community show will be held on Central Stage in the summer of 2020.
If you doubt that New York City breeds the smartest...
A. This New Yorker left a dozen “Jeopardy” opponents crying in their beer.
Q. Who is Manhattan bartender Austin Rogers?
The 39-year-old quiz king, who won $411,000 and the admiration of millions during a 12-game winning streak on “Jeopardy” last fall, is still slinging suds Fridays and Sundays at Gaf West in Hell's Kitchen.
His goofy gesticulations, unkempt hair and wild wagers resonated with “Jeopardy” diehards like 30-year-old Maryland mortgage analyst Amanda Sparks, who traveled to the 48th Street gin mill recently to get a glimpse of her game-show gladiator.
“Oh my god, it really is him!” Sparks gushed. “My hands are sweaty, my heart's racing!”
Rogers — fifth all-time on the show's leader board — stopped to pose for a photo with a beaming Sparks, who explained his appeal.
“He had a bit of personality to go along with the way he was kicking everybody's ass,” she recalled.
In between Bud Lights, Ryan Doyle, 23, tried to stump Rogers with an HQ trivia question about the earliest form of contraception.
“The Egyptians used crocodile dung!” Rogers correctly crackled.
Host Alex Trebek once described Rogers to viewers: “He's got hair, he's got chutzpah and broad-based knowledge.”
Rogers mixes minutiae and cocktails simultaneously at his 12-stool stage, as patrons pepper him with queries about his favorite book (“Gotham: A History of New York City to 1898”); whether he has a photographic memory (“I do not, but I just remember everything.”); and what's Trebek like offstage (“There is no offstage. He only interacts onstage.”).
Rogers, grew up in Westchester the son of a park ranger and veterinary worker. He attended Macalester College in Minnesota where he studied music and history. He was an events planner with the Asia Society on Park Avenue for a decade and worked in digital advertising for two years before a company merger left him unemployed.
The Spanish Harlem resident began bartending out of necessity — he was out of work for about two years.
“This was my local bar for 16 years. I used to live right around the corner,” he said. So instead of crying in his beer, he decided to serve it.
He asked owners Pete Smith and Pat Heenan about his training. “They said, ‘Just bartend, Austin,' ” he recalled.
“He's hilarious!” said Gaf West regular Rohan Kamerkar, 32, who knew Rogers before his “Jeopardy” star turn. “He's the same guy. … He always knew the most useless information. Or what I thought was useless.”
Rogers believes he won big on “Jeopardy” — $463,000 total, counting $2,000 the day he lost, and $50,000 during November's “Tournament of Champions” — because he didn't get flustered when the cameras rolled.
“I've been under the lights before. I've been a musician, I've done standup,” he said. He has even hosted trivia nights at the pub.
Rogers confessed some guilt in that he played up the bartender “narrative” for the quiz show.
“A corporate events planner from New York? Or a digital advertising douchebag from New York? But a bartender from New York, everyone is like, ‘He's one of us!' And I'm like, “actually not, I'm super educated. But you can believe it — if you really want!'” he laughed.
“ You know what sucks? Desks.”
Rogers said the other question people ask the most is why he continues to bartend. The answer is easy.
“I am so happy, the second I get behind the bar. … You hang out with your friends all night — and they pay you for it.”
This story originally aired on October 6, 2017.
For a second consecutive day, Gov. Rick Scott told residents in the western Panhandle to prepare for whatever Tropical Storm or Hurricane Nate throws their way. There's a state of emergency for 29 counties in Florida – including those the western Panhandle.
Speaking again from the Escambia County Emergency Operations Center, the Governor quoted the National Hurricane Center's forecast of Nate turning into a hurricane after it moves into the Gulf of Mexico on Saturday. That could mean tropical storm-force winds in the Panhandle this weekend.
“A hurricane watch is in effect for the most western edge of Escambia County, to the Okaloosa and Walton County lines,” said Scott. “A storm surge watch is in effect from the Florida border to Indian Pass, and a tropical storm watch is in effect from Walton County east through Gulf County.”
Scott brought the same mantra to Pensacola, as he delivered during the times of Hurricanes Irma and Maria, which hit south Florida and Puerto Rico, respectively – be ready.
“You have to pay attention to local weather, in order to keep your family safe; we cannot let our guard down,” said the Governor. “Harvey in less than 40 hours went from a tropical storm, to a Category-4 hurricane that was deadly. This storm is expected to bring damaging winds, heavy rain, and a threat of tornadoes to the Panhandle.”
Also expected along the coast are life-threatening rip currents; storm surge, flooding and other dangerous conditions. About 100 Florida National Guard troops are preparing for disaster operations.
If and when an evacuation order comes, people in the affected area need to leave immediately – no debate, no questions asked. Escambia County Sheriff David Morgan points to the many bridges in the area which would be closed during a storm.
“The standard is that we'll monitor [the wind] when it hits a constant 35 miles an hour. When it hits 40, we'll close the bridges,” Morgan said. “There's a chance of your vehicle being blown off the bridge, especially tractor-trailer rigs. But what's critical about that is if you're in a location and decide to evacuate and our winds are at that level, you're not going to get across the bridge. So you're going to have to hunker down and shelter in place.”
“As we're getting information from the Weather Service and the Hurricane Center, we're getting that fine detail that allows us to make the appropriate decision, and get them moving,” said John Dosh, Escambia County's Emergency Management Director.
Local elected officials joined the Governor at the EOC. Escambia County Commission Chairman Doug Underhill urges residents to have each other's backs.
“You know somebody in your neighborhood who's elderly or who have young children; perhaps a military family who's never been here for a storm before,” said Underhill. “I want you to go and touch base with those folks who don't have the experience or perhaps don't have the resources to prepare the way you do, and help them prepare.”
The Escambia EOC officially went to Level-1, or full-scale activation, at 4:00 p.m. Friday.
Eglin Air Force Base and Hurlburt Field have declared Hurricane Condition-3, which means winds of 58 miles an hour or greater are possible within 48 hours. Elsewhere, all of Gulf Islands National Seashore is closed to the public. And utilities such as Gulf Power and ECUA are contacting their mutual aid partners.
“I Think It Makes For Good Hip-Hop” – No Malice
Drake and Pusha T's reignited beef has set the world of Hip-Hop on fire again. On one hand, it's Drake — one of the biggest artists in the world and on the other, it's Pusha T who in in top form with his raps.
Pusha T took shots at Drake on the song ‘Infrared‘ from his latest album Daytona by accusing the Toronto superstar of not writing his own lyrics. Drake took offence to it as expected and fired back with a full fledged diss song ‘Duppy Freestyle‘ where he not only made Pusha T his target, but also involved Kanye West in the mix.
On ‘Duppy Freestyle', Drake mentioned Pusha T's brother and former The Clipse member No Malice's name with the lyrics:
“Your brother said, it was your cousin then him, then you
So, you don't rap what you did, you just rap what you knew
Don't be ashamed, it's plenty niggas that do what you do
There's no malice in your heart, you're an approachable dude”
So it's necessary to know what No Malice thinks about the feud. The rapper, born Gene Elliott Thornton Jr., went live on his Instagram last night and answered some fan questions. When one fan asked how he felt about the diss and the ongoing beef, No Malice said “it's great” and “what fans want.” He also commented on Pusha T using the image of Whitney Houston's cocaine filled bathroom as his album cover, saying “this is what Hollywood do.” Watch it below.
(VIDEO) No Malice Reacts To Pusha T/Drake Beef! was originally published on hot1079philly.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
At the request of 23rd District Attorney Ray Crouch, TBI agents worked jointly with multiple other local, state and federal agencies and continued to investigate the circumstances that led to the on-duty killing of Dickson County Sgt. Daniel Baker. During the investigation, authorities developed information that Erika Castro-Miles, 38, participated in the incident.
Agents charged Castro-Miles, detained in the early stages of the investigation, with one count of first-degree murder Wednesday evening. She remained in the Dickson County Jail.
An additional person of interest in Baker's death, Steven Wiggins, an acquaintance of Castro-Miles, remained at large Wednesday evening and should be considered armed and dangerous. Wiggins remains the subject of a Tennessee Blue Alert and was also added to the state's top 10 most wanted list. There is currently a reward of up to $7,500 for information that leads to Wiggins' arrest.
More information and pictures of Wiggins may be found at tn.gov/tbi.
Original story is below.
Tennessee Bureau of Investigation agents are searching for a suspect who apparently shot and killed a Dickson County sheriff's deputy.
The TBI issued a Tennessee Blue Alert on Wednesday morning for Steven Wiggins, a suspect in the shooting death of a Dickson County sheriff's deputy Wednesday morning. A Tennessee Blue Alert is similar to an AMBER Alert but is used when a law enforcement officer is killed or seriously injured in the line of duty.
Wiggins was described as a white man with dark hair, 6-feet, 1-inch tall and weighs about 220 pounds. He is suspected to be on foot and should be considered armed and dangerous.
Anyone with any information on Wiggins' whereabouts should call 911 or 800-824-3463.
Duke says men's basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski will be taking a medical leave after surgery on his lower back, the university announced Monday.
Assistant coach Jeff Capel will take over the Blue Devils, which is 12-2 this season.
Krzyzewski is scheduled to have the surgery on Friday, Jan. 6 to remove a fragment from a herniated disc. Duke's next game is Saturday, Jan. 7.
“Dr. William Richardson, Dr. Friedman, and our medical team have worked tirelessly to help manage this issue for several weeks,” Krzyzewski said, according to the university. “Together, we have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time."
A four-week recovery is expected, ESPN reported.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
‘Don't forget the heartbeat.' Joe Maddon
That's Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon testing out a new mantra as the once lovable losers of the baseball world settle into a strange role — defending champs.
Joe Maddon has a new phrase: "Don't forget the heartbeat," in reference to the human element which came into... https://t.co/7BOeeIBBSw — Jesse Rogers (@ESPNChiCubs) February 14, 2017
If the motto sticks, it replaces “Try not to suck,” a sentiment that helped push the Cubs, a team of youthful farm-raised players that came up through the Cubs minor-league system, with a few high-priced veterans tossed in, to their first championship in 108 years.
Cub-stock 2016...you are all loyal, passionate, and tough...we did it together...thank you #WeDidNotSuck2016 pic.twitter.com/FpIbcpXN9B — Joe Maddon (@CubsJoeMadd) November 5, 2016
Maddon's mantras and actions attract more attention than those of most managers, as he's known to bring magicians and zoo animals onto the field, impose purposefully silly dress codes for road trips, and give players occasional breaks from pregame batting practice. Maddon was named 2015 manager of the year for skippering a turnaround season for the Cubs before their 2016 best-in-baseball regular-season record set the stage for a high-drama World Series with the Cleveland Indians.
It's believed Maddon intends the new turn of phrase to inspire the team to embrace the human dimensions of the game, such as the fighting spirit conjured among the players during a now-legendary rain delay in Game 7 of the fall classic.
Read: Cubs, ‘Hamilton,' Amy Schumer: The year's hottest tickets ranked
Tuesday marked the first official practice of the 2017 season — the reporting of pitchers and catchers to spring training — for the Cubs and most other MLB teams.
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," Michael Albers, VP of Communications Product at Oath, which owns AOL, said in a statement.
It will be discontinued on December 15.
More than 1,000 Santas took to the streets of Crystal Lake on Dec. 4. Among them were Lisa Kippley and Ben, her 3-month-old son, perhaps the youngest Kiwanis Club Santa Run participant.
Last year, Ben had just made his presence known to Lisa and her husband, Jeremy. Like many local families, the Santa Run is now tradition, creating fond memories.
“Last year I did it with my step-dad,” said Lisa, “This year, the whole family is doing it.” That includes Lucky, their dog.
Voices in Harmony opened the event with the Star Spangled Banner. Participants raised more than $100,000 for local causes. This year, 20 percent of the funds will go to Kiwanis Club, to be distributed to programs serving children in the area. The rest is divided equally among Turning Point, CASA, Big Brothers Big Sisters, and Main Stay Therapeutics.
Always the first Sunday in December, the Santa Run is in its sixth year. Runners don provided Santa suit or a red long-sleeved shirt for the 5K walk/run, which started at the Raue Center for the Arts in downtown Crystal Lake. Some participants wear their own costumes. Several years included Buddy the Elf-costumed runners.
Mike Splitt, Crystal Lake, never imagined a lunch invitation with three local women would end in a challenge. Jane Farmer, from Turning Point, Robin Ostrem from Big Brother Big Sister, and Kelly Pokharel from CASA challenged Splitt to use his passion for running to raise money for McHenry County children. That's how the Kiwanis Santa Run for Kids got started in 2012.
Santa trophies go to the fastest 5K runners, but the object is to have fun running, and of course, to raise funds for local children's organizations. This year, 20 percent of the funds go to Kiwanis Club, to be distributed to programs serving children in the area. The rest is divided equally among Girls on the Run, Turning Point, CASA, Big Brothers Big Sisters, and Main Stay Therapeutics.
Splitt remembers running to and from school when he was in kindergarten at Ridge Elementary in Arlington Heights: run one-half block, walk one-half block, all the way to school and back. By junior high, he was on the cross-country and track teams. Running is just part of who he is. Giving back to the community is part of who Splitt is, too.
Why the Santa Run?
“Because I can,” he said. “I have a great committee that makes it happen.” He loves seeing the ripple effect of working together for a common cause.
Splitt grew up in an environment that fostered cooperation and collaboration. Adopted when he was 3 days old, he has one handicapped sister. His mother died when he was in eighth grade. His father married a widow with 11 children. The couple went on to gift Splitt with three more siblings.
Splitt advises young people to get involved and join organizations. Explore a variety of things: debate, sports, chess club, astronomy, and student counsel. Try on any leadership role available.
“It will benefit you and your community,” Splitt said.
The sponsors, participants, and volunteers who pull together for the causes represented are credited for the success of the annual Santa Run. They include the Running Depot, Centegra Health Systems, STAR 105.5, Neis Insurance, IN Sync Systems, Intren, BMO Bank, Northwest Herald, Great Lakes Credit Union, First Midwest Bank, Erie Insurance, and Georgio's Pizza.
—Many traditions start at Kiwanis Santa Run–
× Union leader asks Trump to help keep KC Harley-Davidson plant open, save jobs
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The union representing local Harley-Davidson plant workers is asking President Donald Trump for help keeping the Northland plant open.
The president of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers sent the letter to the White House earlier this month. He asked Trump to help save about 800 jobs here in the metro.
Harley-Davidson announced earlier this year it's going to close its Kansas City plant. The company has said it's sticking by its decision to move those jobs to a plant in Pennsylvania.
Previous coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Sources say the Nets are ready to ramp up their search for a new general manager in earnest, with interviews starting as early as the start of the week. Brooklyn...
Remember when that cellphone blew up against Cee-Lo Green's head?
Okay then remember how a couple of days later he came out saying the video wasn't real? He claimed the video was just a stunt to reveal birth his new character Gnarly Davidson.
Okay so now Cee-Lo is saying that the fit he sported at the Grammy's was actually his final transformation into his new persona Gnarly Davidson.
Here's a quote from Gnarly, Cee-Lo, or whatever he's going by these days to XXL on the transformation:
“Look at me… LOOK AT ME! YOU DID THIS TO ME CEELO GREEN, YOU FUCKING IDIOT. BUT I LIKE IT, I'm actually…BETTER! Than you… than everyone! A karmikaze upon you! Vengeance is mine sayeth GNARLY DAVIDSON. P.S. TECHNOLOJESUS saves.”
Imagine doing that interview. Lawd.
If you're not feeling the all gold Davidson, don't worry! He comes in multiple colors!
It's a fun sci-fi-y idea but it's just all too much. The makeup and wardrobe. Is he going to do this every time he leaves the house?
Now, if this was all a publicity stunt to release a sci-fi movie with a soundtrack of only Gnarls Barkley, Cee-Lo Green, and Gnarly Davidson music that'll be kinda dope. It'd be like a less cool, sci-fi version of Purple Rain.
I have no idea what could be going on in that man's mind. He's definitely living life in his own reality which is a beautiful thing. So do you boo. I don't really get it yet, but ya know I respect the creative process or whateva.
What I wanna know is what's gonna happen with this guy. I thought he was supposed to be Gnarly Davidson. NSFW also this song is terrible:
Although the Rules of Golf modernization is still a year away, officials continue to refine parts of the rulebook including an overhaul of the video review protocols.
A “working group” led by the USGA and R&A announced on Monday the new protocols, which include assigning a rule official to a tournament broadcast to resolve rules issues.
The group – which includes the PGA Tour, European Tour, LPGA tour and PGA of America – also voted to stop considering viewer call-ins when processing potential rule violations.
In addition, a new local rule was announced that will discontinue the penalty for signing an incorrect scorecard when the player was unaware of the violation.
In April, Lexi Thompson was penalized four strokes during the final round when officials at the ANA Inspiration learned via e-mail from a viewer of an infraction that occurred during the third round. Thompson was penalized two strokes for incorrectly marking her golf ball and two for signing an incorrect scorecard.
“The message is, as a fan, enjoy watching the game and the best players in the world, but also have the confidence that the committee in charge of the competition have the rules handled,” Thomas Pagel, the USGA's senior director of the Rules of Golf, said on Golf Channel's "Morning Drive" on Monday. “Let's leave the rules and the administration of the event to the players and to those responsible for running the tournament.”
The working group was created in April to review the use of video in applying the rules and the role of viewer call-ins, and initially issued a decision to limit the use of video through the introduction of the “reasonable judgment” and “naked eye” standard.
According to that decision, which was not a rule, “so long as the player does what can reasonably be expected under the circumstances to make an accurate determination, the player's reasonable judgment will be accepted, even if later shown to be inaccurate by the use of video evidence.”
The new protocols will be implemented starting on Jan. 1.
A comprehensive overhaul of the Rules of Golf is currently underway by the USGA and R&A that will begin on Jan. 1, 2019.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
NZ wine's newest fine wine player
It is 18 years since Steve Smith co-founded Craggy Range, a venture that married his vision (and subsequent sweat) to the financial backing of the Peabody family. The relationship ended when Smith extricated himself completely from the business in 2015. Now Smith gives the lowdown on his new wine venture, a partnership between himself and American Brian Sheth. Source, Stuff
Follow @insidefutbol
Rangers boss Graeme Murty has backed new signing Jason Cummings to have a "restrained and calm" celebration if he manages to score a goal against his former side HIbernian today.
For the 22-year-old striker it will be an emotional occasion when his childhood club visit Ibrox later today for a league encounter.
Cummings was snapped up by Hibs as a youngster in 2013 and went on to make his senior debut the same year.
After spending four successful years at Easter Road and scoring 71 goals in 149 matches, he signed for English outfit Nottingham Forest in June 2017.
Rangers signed him on loan this January and he made his debut against Aberdeen on 24th January. Since then has managed another two further appearances for the Gers, with his maiden goal for the club coming against Ross County four days later.
The match against Hibs though will be an emotional occasion for him and his manager insists that if selected for the game and if he found the back of the net he, as manager would perfectly understand a subdued celebration for Cummings.
“If Jason was to be involved and score a goal, I'm sure that his celebrations would be restrained and calm."
Murty also took time to add that any kind of contribution from any player within the squad will be welcome.
“I'm happy for anyone to come and make a name for themselves.
"We are going to need everyone in the squad, and I said that to them before we went to Ross County, and I said that to them again before we went to Fraserburgh."
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
iStock/Thinkstock(PHILADELPHIA) — A missing Pennsylvania student has been found dead in Bermuda, local police said in a press conference Monday.
Mark Dombroski, 19, was last seen early Sunday morning at a bar, a representative from Bermuda Police Services said.
Dombroski's body was found “in a moat” at Fort Prospect in Devonshire, Bermuda, acting Assistant Commissioner of Police James Howard said.
“Foul play is not ruled out right now,” Howard, said. “The forensic officers are there. They're assessing the scene, assessing the body.”
Howard would not confirm who found Dombroski's body, but did say officers were on the scene. He also said the body was found close to police headquarters but not on police property.
Dombroski was on the island to compete with Saint Joseph's University's rugby team in a competition, the university confirmed to ABC News.
Prior to his disappearance, Dombroski was at the Dog House, a bar on Front Street in Devonshire, Howard said.
Officials used CCTV footage to track his movements after leaving the bar.
When asked if Dombroski got into an argument at the bar and refused taxi money from friends, Superintendent Sean Field-Lament said it was too early in the investigation to comment.
Dombroski's mother, Lisa Dombroski, said at the press conference Monday that she had reviewed the security footage and it looked like her son “was not feeling well” from a shoulder injury he sustained in the rugby competition. She added that it looked like “he wanted to get going” and go back to the hotel.
Officials said the incident is still under investigation.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
LOS ANGELES — The whiff of plagiarism is blowin' in the wind for Bob Dylan.
Phrases sprinkled throughout the rock legend's lecture for his Nobel Prize in literature are very similar to phrases from the summation of “Moby Dick” on SparkNotes, a sort of online “Cliff's Notes” that's familiar to modern students looking for shortcuts and teachers trying to catch them.
The saga began when writer Ben Greenman pointed out on his blog on June 6 that Dylan appeared to have invented a quote from “Moby Dick,” which Dylan discussed in the lecture along with Buddy Holly, “The Odyssey” and “All Quiet on the Western Front.”
Then Andrea Pitzer, a writer for Slate, delved into the supposed quote and wrote in a story Tuesday that the line was not in “Moby Dick” but was very much like a line from the SparkNotes summary of the book.
Here's Dylan: “Some men who receive injuries are led to God, others are led to bitterness”
And SparkNotes: “someone whose trials have led him toward God rather than bitterness.”
Pitzer went on to find, and The Associated Press has verified, 20 other sentences with traces and phrases from the “Moby Dick” SparkNotes. She cites no examples in Dylan's discussion of the other two books, and the AP found none.
The cases Pitzer found are not blatant or explicit — there are no verbatim sentences, only identical phrases and similar phrasing.
Other examples:
— Dylan: “Moby attacks one more time, ramming the Pequod and sinking it. Ahab gets tangled up in the harpoon lines and is thrown out of his boat into a watery grave.”
— SparkNotes: “Moby Dick rams the Pequod and sinks it. Ahab is then caught in a harpoon line and hurled out of his harpoon boat to his death.”
— Dylan: “The ship's crew is made up of men of different races.”
— SparkNotes: “...a crew made up of men from many different countries and races.”
Dylan and a spokesman for the Swedish Academy which hands out the award weren't immediately available for comment.
But when Academy spokeswoman Sara Danius posted the Swedish version of Dylan's speech on her blog on June 7, she described it as “beautiful” and wrote that “the speech is rhetorically complete.”
The AP asked three literature teachers and professors whether they would call out their students for similar work in a paper, and all said they would, if not for the plagiarism, for using the modern equivalent of Cliff's Notes.
“A high school student would get nailed,” said Joseph Vasquez who teaches English at Rosemead High School in California, “since she should have done the reading, and the closeness of text suggests she didn't read the text but rather the SparkNotes.”
Dylan has been accused of lifting lines from older artists for his songs in the past, though many fans dismiss it as simply reflecting the common borrowing of the folk-and-blues milieus he drew from. Early in his career, he used the melody of the slave song “No More Auction Block for Me” for his protest classic “Blowin' in the Wind.” He has since drawn upon other material, sometimes extensively, in everything from his paintings to his memoir “Chronicles: Volume One.”
“It is nothing new that Mr. Dylan might take inspiration from a pre-existing work to prepare something else,” Steven Weinberg, a copyright lawyer and musician, told the AP in an email. “Songwriters, including Dylan, have been borrowing from other literary works to turn pop phrases for ages. Consider Led Zeppelin's ample use of Tolkien's classic works in many of their songs.”
Weinberg added the “surprise here is that rather than borrowing from classic literature, Mr. Dylan took his ‘inspiration' this time from crib notes. But that should not raise eyebrows either. Even John Lennon was known to use things as ordinary as a newspaper clipping or circus posters to embellish lyrics.”
Dylan recorded the 26-minute lecture in Los Angeles and provided it to the Swedish Academy, which called it “extraordinary” and “eloquent” in a news release on June 5. The lecture is required for the winner to collect the 8 million Swedish kronor ($922,000) in prize money.
He was awarded the prize in October, bringing some controversy that an award reserved for top-flight novelists and poets had gone to a rock star. He took weeks to publicly acknowledge winning the prize, did not attend December's Nobel ceremony in Stockholm, and left many wondering whether he would ever provide the traditional lecture.
———
Associated Press writers Jan M. Olsen in Copenhagen, Denmark and Hillel Italie in New York contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON — Somber and shaken members of Congress put politics aside for at least a few hours as they walked through the halls of the United States Capitol Wednesday after a gunman went on a shooting rampage targeting Republican lawmakers at an early morning bipartisan baseball practice at a nearby Virginia field.
House Speaker Paul Ryan took to the floor to address the shooting that injured Rep. Steve Scalise R-Louisiana and four others. "There are very strong emotions throughout this House today," Ryan said.
"We are all horrified by this dreadful attack on our friends and on our colleagues and those who serve and protect this capital. We are all praying for those who were attacked and for their families,” Ryan said. “And we are united. We are united in our shock, we are united in our anguish. An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ryan: 'An Attack on One of Us Is an Attack on All of Us' 1:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Ryan hailed the bravery of the two members of the Capitol Police present and injured during the incident, saying that without them, “many lives would have been lost.”
Related: Rep. Steve Scalise, 4 Others Shot at GOP Baseball Practice
And he urged members of both parties to unite. “For all the noise and all the fury, we are one family. These were our brothers and sisters in the line of fire. These were our brothers and sisters who ran into danger and saved countless lives. So before this House returns to its business, let's just slow down and reflect, to think about how we're all being tested right now, because we are being tested right now. I ask each of you to join me to resolve to come together to life each other up, and to show the country, to show the world that we are one House, the People's House, united in our humanity.”
The members on the baseball field were holding their last practice for their annual Congressional baseball game, an annual tradition dating back to 1909 that is celebrated as a thriving bastion of bipartisanship, especially in hyper-partisan times.
Members who attended the practice when the shooting happened filed into the Capitol in their baseball clothes and emotionally recounted the dramatic scene.
Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, grew emotional as he described what he saw to reporters when he returned to the Capitol.
“He shot at Trent Kelley, our third baseman. He shot at Steve Scalise, our second baseman. He hit Steve Scalise. Scalise's security detail and Capitol Hill police immediately returned fireand Alexandria police also immediately came and began to return fire. They shot the shooter and I think the security detail saved a lot of lives because they attacked the shooter.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Emotional Rep. Joe Barton Describes Scalise Shooting Scene 2:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Barton's two children also attended the practice with him, including his 10-year old.
“Some of us we're in the dugout," Barton said. "Some of us we're on the ground. I was behind the dugout. My son Jack got under an SUV and he was very brave. My other son Brad was in the, the batting cage and he also is very brave.”
Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C., left practice minutes before the shooting. He said he fist-bumped Scalise before he left and spoke to someone on his way out who he thinks could have been the shooter.
"I did have an interaction with someone in the parking lot who asked me if the team practicing was a Democratic or Republican team. I told him they were Republicans," Duncan said.
After a briefing with the U.S. Capitol Sergeant of Arms and Congressional leaders, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif, stopped to speak with reporters. He said that Scalise had gotten out of surgery and is going “very well.”
He grew emotional about his friend, Scalise. “I've known Steve — we were back in Young Republicans together -- long before we ever served together,” McCarthy said before getting emotional and walking away. “I'll talk to you guys later.”
Tourists continued to swarm the Capitol, listening to tour guides as they meandered through the building. Their joyful mood a contrast from the lawmakers struggling to make sense of a shooting tragedy that affects thousands of people each year but has happened to them.
The House cancelled all official business on the House floor Wednesday except for statements by Speaker Ryan and Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi. Most seats in the House floor were filled by members to hear their statements in a show of unity and support.
Pelosi seconded Ryan's remarks. "To my colleagues, you're going to hear me say something you've never heard me say before," Pelosi said on the House floor. "I identify myself with the remarks of the Speaker. They were beautiful remarks, Mr. Speaker, thank you so much for the sentiments that they represent."
Democrats and Republicans also gathered for an all-member briefing to get an update on what happened. Members left the meeting saying that a major topic of discussion was members' security. Lawmakers stood to discuss the death threats they receive and they discussed moving their district offices into court buildings that already have ample security.
Related: Sen. Rand Paul's Says Capitol Police Prevented "Massacre"
It's not only the members and their staffs who are reeling from the tragedy. The Capitol Police are greatly impacted as two of their members were shot defending Scalise and the lawmakers.
Security was tightened on the Hill and more police called into work. But their humanity was on display. A woman walked up to a U.S. Capitol Police officer and gave him an extended hug.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Congressman: Suspected Shooter Asked Us If We Were Dems or GOP 3:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Some lawmakers began pointing toward political rhetoric that has gotten out of hand as something that might have motivated the attack.
Rep. Tim Murphy, R-Penn., is also a Naval psychologist who deals with trauma, said that witnesses and victims are going to need support not only on this day but in the days ahead. He said, however, that politics needs to calm down.
"The one thing we gotta do is stop the hatelful rhetoric around here. It's never excusable for a leader, a politician, a comedian, an actor. So it's gotta stop," Murphy said. It's a time we all have to be reflecting on ourselves, asking, 'Do we do this?' Do we try and destroy someone with our words?"
“It's the political hate and the rhetoric that we've seen that's ratcheted up that has got to stop and that's the reason I'm here today talking to you,” said Rep. Rodney Davis, R-Ill. “We've got to stop this rhetoric, we've got to stop the hate and today's the day that has to be America's breaking point where Republicans and Democrats come together and say enough is enough.”
Every year, the Kardashians reveal their over-the-top family photo in the form of a Christmas card. This year, the family took a very different approach, and they're doing a “25 Days Of Christmas” featuring multiple teaser photos every day in December, until revealing the final card on the actual day of Christmas. Kim, Kourtney, and Kris Jenner have all been posting the daily sneak peaks to their Instagram pages, and today's caused quite a stir among fans.
Day 11 of the photo series features the torsos of both Kim and Kanye, which means that we'll finally see the artist as a part of the famous Kardashian tradition. Kanye and Kim have been married since 2014, and had their first baby North together in 2013–but never has Ye appeared on the family Christmas card. It's hard to say if the new toned down look of the Christmas cards being unveiled has anything to do with some fashion advice from the rapper, but the super simple blue jeans and white tees on everybody is definitely more his style than the extravagant looks of Kardashian Christmas cards of the past.
DAY 11 A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Dec 11, 2017 at 8:51am PST
The family definitely knew what they were doing by cropping out the heads in this photo, too. Some people commenting on the photo are convinced that this picture isn't of Kim and Kanye, but instead of Kylie Jenner and her reportedly soon-to-be baby daddy Travis Scott. It's been a rumor for a while that the Christmas card is going to be where both Kylie and her sister Khloe reveal their still unseen baby bumps, so that wouldn't be the case if this picture was indeed the youngest member of the clan. But this is definitely a picture of Kim and Kanye–as evidenced by West's arm tattoos alone–so the pregnancy reveals still could be coming.
Hopefully we'll get to see a smiling Kanye front and center in this year's Christmas card, but if not, we at least know we'll see a little hint of Ye in the near future.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Have your say
The 157th Danby Show is set to get underway on Wednesday.
The showground opens at 8am, with judging getting under way at 9am.
Danby show.
Entries for categories have now closed. The show takes place halfway between the villages of Castleton and Danby in North Yorkshire, near Danby School, postcode: YO21 2NQ.
Classes to be judged include: cattle, sheep, horses, fur and feather and produce and handicraft.
Adults are £5, concessions £4, children aged five to 16 £2, children under five frees. Parking in the main car park is free.
To view the full programme of events, click here.
Other shows coming up include:
Rosedale Show, Saturday, August 19.
Egton Show, Wednesday, August 23.
Burniston Show, Monday, August 28.
Castleton Show, Saturday, September 9.
Millionaire can keep restraining order used to break up with ex A Manhattan millionaire's cold-hearted decision to break up with his longtime girlfriend through a restraining order paid off when a judge agreed Friday that the woman is a dangerous mess....
Millionaire investor says ex threatened him with knives The knives were out — literally — in the courtroom battle between a wealthy investor and his much younger former girlfriend. In a Hail Mary attempt to win the upper...
Millionaire's ex-girlfriend claims he forced prescription pills on her A Wall Street trader routinely pushed prescription pills on his gal pal during their fights, the woman testified Monday. “When he gave you Ativan, did he put it into your...
Show-Stopping Thanksgiving Side DishesTurkey may be the main attraction this holiday season, however, you won't be able to contain your excitement as you feast your eyes on these six easy show-stopping side dishes. Fresh ingredients and bold flavors make these simple ingredients stand out in the crowd as they're accompanied by crispy bacon, melted cheese, and a pinch of spice.
Barry Davies looks back on England's 1986 World Cup match with Argentina which became one of his most memorable commentary games for the BBC.
WATCH MORE:When Barry met Big Narstie
WATCH: Barry Davies: The man, the voice, the legend on BBC One, Wednesday 4 July at 22:45 BST
PACIFICA — Authorities are searching the waters near Pacifica after debris from an apparent shipwreck surfaced Wednesday.
The wreckage from a wooden boat was branded with the words “Barça” and “Rio,” the U.S. Coast Guard said in a tweet.
Get breaking news with our free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store.
Crews also found clothes and life jackets.
There have been no reports of overdue vessels or accidents, according to the Coast Guard.
The Pacifica Police Department is helping the Coast Guard search for the wrecked ship.
Anyone with information about the shipwreck can contact Coast Guard Sector San Francisco at 510-399-3547.
Check back for updates.
× Expand Image courtesy of National Weather Service NWS forecast 3-19-18 1-53am
Hoover school officials, after further review, are dismissing students early today due to the threat of severe weather.
Elementary and intermediate school students are being released at noon, and middle and high school students are being released at 12:30 p.m., school officials said.
Also, all after-school activities, including athletic practices and games and the after-school care program, are canceled for this afternoon and tonight, officials said.
The National Weather Service says there is an enhanced risk of strong tornadoes, hail the size of tennis balls and damaging winds up to 70 mph for central Alabama between 2 p.m. and 2 a.m. For Jefferson and Shelby counties, the enhanced risk should end by midnight, the weather service said.
The Jefferson and Shelby county school systems both decided to dismiss students at 12:30 p.m., and cancel after-school activities.
This post was updated at 10:11 a.m. with the decision to dismiss Hoover students early.
CLOSE Jordan Lomax, a senior safety on that Rose Bowl team, remembers a group that held strong for four quarters against Iowa State, Pitt and Wisconsin. Chad Leistikow, Hawk Central
A unified locker room was credited for taking the 2015 Hawkeyes to a school-record 12 wins, the Big Ten Championship Game and the Rose Bowl. (Photo: Aaron Doster, USA TODAY Sports)
If you look closely, parallels can be found between the makeup of the 2018 Iowa football team and the last time the Hawkeye program experienced a magical, unexpected season.
The year was 2015, of course. The year the Hawkeyes were within one yard of the College Football Playoff.
The 2015 Hawkeyes had a promising junior quarterback in C.J. Beathard; 2018 has one, too, in Nate Stanley.
The 2015 Hawkeyes were coming off a 7-5 regular-season record that was dogged by disappointing, narrow losses; the same will be true for 2018.
And perhaps most notably, the 2015 Hawkeyes had a senior class without a bona fide star — but with impressive character — while enjoying a slew of up-and-coming stars like Beathard, Desmond King and Josey Jewell.
That's where the theme of this story is headed.
The 2018 Hawkeye senior class is small (just 11 scholarship players), but can it be mighty? Of the 11 seniors, five are former walk-ons and none is a sure-fire NFL draft pick.
But underneath them, there is obvious rising talent with ample experience — players like Stanley, Noah Fant, Anthony Nelson, Amani Hooker, T.J. Hockenson, A.J. Epenesa and Tristan Wirfs … to name a few. Each of those names I listed? Health permitting, I think you'll see 100 percent of them in the NFL someday.
That was the exact complexion of the 2015 team — one that was led by a diligent, strong senior class. It's something that defensive end Parker Hesse, the most experienced player on the 2018 roster with 34 college starts, has identified.
“That's really a special group of senior leaders, that 2015 team," Hesse said. "Now that I'm in that position as one of the older guys on the team, you try to model the way they kept guys in check, the way they encouraged players. That's kind of the standard, at least in my experience, for leadership."
But how do Hesse and the Hawkeyes go about repeating what worked in a season that ended with a school-record 12 wins and a Rose Bowl?
To try to uncover the secrets of that memorable season's success, I tracked down three of that team's impactful fifth-year seniors — center Austin Blythe, running back Jordan Canzeri and safety Jordan Lomax — and asked them how (and if) the 2015 formula could be repeated in Iowa City in 2018.
Here is what they had to say.
The humbling 'HawkSlayer' Bowl triggered change.
Canzeri, who would become the gritty leader of Iowa's 2015 running game, remembers clearly what he saw and felt after the Jan. 2, 2015 TaxSlayer Bowl in Jacksonville, Florida.
What he saw: A group of seniors, including Outland Trophy winner Brandon Scherff, who ended their Hawkeye careers in stunned disappointment. A 45-28 drubbing by Tennessee — a game that wasn't that close, and one that Iowa assistant Brian Ferentz would later refer to as the “HawkSlayer” Bowl — cemented an unfulfilling season that had unraveled.
What he felt: Regret about not playing better to send off the seniors with a win. And determination that expectations had to be raised.
“We thought that was the bar,” Canzeri said. “But we knew, we had to raise it even higher.”
Accountability became a daily buzz word among the seniors, 13 of whom were named to the 2015 team's leadership group — Blythe, Canzeri, Lomax, Darian Cooper, Adam Cox, Jake Duzey, Jacob Hillyer, Marshall Koehn, Nate Meier, Drew Ott, Travis Perry, Macon Plewa and Tevaun Smith.
What did accountability look like?
“Everybody bought in,” said Blythe, the only Hawkeye chosen in the 2016 NFL draft (five spots before the last pick of the last round). “There wasn't anybody off doing their own thing.”
Everybody. From veterans to rookies.
But it had to start with the seniors.
“The leadership was unlike anything I've ever been a part of,” Lomax said. “It wasn't one person individually. That was the beauty of it.”
It became well-documented that the team book called “The Slight Edge” by author Jeff Olson served as a reference guide to restoring the Hawkeye culture. Seniors gave lesson-specific presentations to younger teammates.
The habits stuck and became contagious.
“Each senior bought into 'The Slight Edge' principles on a daily basis,” Lomax said. “When you see a positive example coming from the leaders of a team, it trickles down into the juniors, sophomores and freshmen. And they all got on the same page as well.”
Then?
“We probably had one of our better spring balls since I've been there,” Lomax said. “And we carried those daily habits into the summer.”
By all accounts, the 2018 Hawkeyes are off to a similar start.
Players like Hesse and fifth-year lineman Keegan Render report a renewed hunger at the Iowa Football Performance Center after back-to-back 8-5 seasons.
They realize, as seniors, they must set the locker-room tone.
They seem confident, so far, that a similar groundwork has been set; the one they learned in 2015 as redshirt freshmen.
“We have a really good group of guys right now,” Hesse said. “One thing that's really special about it is we really enjoy each other's presence — any age on the team, any position group.”
A new team book has been introduced — “Pound the Stone: 7 Lessons to Develop Grit on the Path to Mastery” by Joshua Medcalf. If that title sounds familiar, it should.
Longtime strength and conditioning coach Chris Doyle introduced a “Break the Rock” mantra to a Hawkeye program that required a massive rebuild in 1999. Those principles led to three straight national top-10 finishes from 2002 to 2004.
Break the Rock; The Slight Edge; Pound the Stone.
Lessons of 1999 and 2015 are being applied with the goal of a resounding 2018.
“Just every day, showing up and swinging,” Hesse said. “You never know when that moment's going to come, the big breakthrough, the big moment of success. But it's not that moment that's significant; it was all the swings of the hammer before.”
CLOSE Iowa's fifth-year senior defensive end discusses leadership that's developing, and what he saw from the 2015 Hawkeyes. Chad Leistikow, cleistik@dmreg.com
One thing is certain: Adversity will come.
It's one thing to identify a winning plan — and even see it through until the end of August camp.
But once game-day pressure hits, it's quite another thing to execute the plan.
Even if the 2018 Hawkeyes do everything right this offseason, they need to navigate toward a place of resiliency in the face of Saturday adversity — just like the 2015 team did.
The first true test came Sept. 12, 2015 — week two at Iowa State. Here was an opponent that had barged into Kinnick Stadium a year earlier and (with a second-half comeback and a last-second field goal) stunned Iowa, 20-17.
And now, the Hawkeyes were at halftime inside revved-up Jack Trice Stadium, having lost their best defensive player to injury (Drew Ott) and trailing, 17-10, after a failed fake field goal.
“That second half,” Lomax said, “we had to really pull together and fight.”
Iowa would shut out the Cyclones after halftime. And after a 31-17 win, players locked arms as they retrieved the rivalry trophy from the Iowa State sideline.
Buy Photo Iowa's Drew Ott, his dislocated left elbow in a sling, joined his teammates in a happy, arm-in-arm celebration following a 31-17 win at Iowa State on Sept. 12, 2015. (Photo: Rodney White, The Register)
“The locker room was excited, ecstatic,” Lomax said. “From there, our belief just kept growing.”
And the lessons kept coming.
Koehn's game-ending 57-yard field goal the following week to beat Pittsburgh, 27-24, demonstrated the importance of playing a full 60 minutes.
Two weeks later, Meier's forced fourth-quarter fumble at the goal line preserved a 10-6 win at Wisconsin — the type of “Break the Rock" triumph the program needed after not having beaten the Badgers since 2009.
Canzeri remembers that victory, which moved the Hawkeyes to 5-0, cementing a belief among players that something special was afoot. But inside the game, he also found personal motivation.
Canzeri was beating himself up, knowing his late fumble nearly cost the Hawkeyes (thankfully for Iowa, Cole Croston recovered). Hillyer, a senior teammate, offered uplifting words to Canzeri that stuck with him.
And so, as maybe it was meant to be, Canzeri was the one to deliver the finishing hammer a week later vs. Illinois.
A 43-carry, 256-yard rushing performance earned Canzeri national player-of-the-week honors. With Beathard laboring through an earlier injury, Iowa resorted almost exclusively to handoffs — and Canzeri got 11 straight on a clinching drive that consumed nearly seven minutes in a 29-20 win.
“That really epitomizes that season,” Blythe recalled. “Just bearing down and gritting through things. … That's a testament to Jordan, a testament to the rest of the players on the team that kind of willed us through that adversity.”
One of the most important factors in the 2015 team's success, though, was the depth that was built in the offseason. Canzeri remembers his senior group being especially cognizant of making sure young players would be ready to go.
“We were close with the freshmen," Canzeri said.
That execution was no more necessary than the following week at Northwestern.
Beathard could barely walk but played anyway; a decimated offensive line forced a true freshman, James Daniels, to make his first career start; and third- and fourth-stringers Akrum Wadley and Derrick Mitchell Jr. shouldered the run game in relief of injury-sidelined Canzeri and LeShun Daniels Jr.
Iowa rushed for 294 yards and its patchwork lineup routed the favored Wildcats, 40-10.
Suddenly, the Hawkeyes were 7-0.
And outsiders were believing what the Hawkeye players already did — that this team was for real.
“We lost so many guys that year,” Lomax said. “You could just see guys were bought in, whether you were first string, second string or third string.
“As the wins kept piling up, our confidence kept piling up.”
After a bye week, a determined Iowa roster would not be deterred.
Even with Beathard operating through severe pain that would require offseason sports-hernia surgery, Iowa finished with wins against Maryland, Indiana, Minnesota, Purdue and Nebraska to complete a historic 12-0 regular season.
Iowa, despite lacking a single senior star, was the talk of college football.
(Take note, 2018 Hawkeyes.)
“That's the beauty of football. It's not just a one-man sport,” Lomax said. “As long as your team is committed to putting in those daily habits that will eventually lead you to a win, you can be unstoppable.”
CLOSE Blythe, now a Los Angeles Ram, was a four-year starter on Iowa's offensive line and a senior on a 2015 team that went 12-2 and reached the Rose Bowl. Chad Leistikow, Hawk Central
Some supportive advice from Iowa's 2015 seniors.
Those who played on the 2015 team share a similar takeaway.
First, they know it'll be a season forever remembered in Hawkeye history.
"12-0 and inches away from the College Football Playoff,” Blythe said. “I'm getting goosebumps talking about it.”
But the 16-13, last-minute loss to Michigan State in the Big Ten title game, then a 45-16 Rose Bowl drubbing against Stanford brings regret.
“It still nags at me,” Lomax said.
Surveying the 2018 Iowa season ahead, there's another notable similarity with 2015 — a regular-season schedule that offers opportunity.
The Hawkeyes won't play Michigan, Michigan State or Ohio State from the Big Ten East. Three of Iowa's four rivalry games occur at home — Iowa State, Wisconsin and Nebraska.
The schedule is still tricky, though. An Oct. 27 date at Penn State is one of four Hawkeye road games in a span of five middle-of-the-season Saturdays.
So, how about some parting advice from the guys who got it (mostly) done in 2015?
Lomax's message to the 2018 seniors like Hesse, Jake Gervase, Aaron Mends, Matt Nelson and Brandon Snyder: “They were on that team. They have the recipe. They know what to do. It just comes down to them owning up to it; taking that leadership accountability and bringing the guys together.”
From Blythe, who now plays for the Los Angeles Rams: “Make it your team. It's your last go-round. Ultimately, 2018 is going to be remembered for the seniors, just like I think 2015 was remembered for us. I tell people that we wanted to be one of those teams Coach (Kirk) Ferentz referenced for five, 10, 15 years down the road.”
And lastly, from Canzeri: “Don't pressure yourselves. Don't think of anybody outside the facility. Just you and your brother. Don't let your emotions get to you. Always be ready for the next play. Always keep each other up. Keep the energy going. Keep the love going. And it'll slowly fall into place.”
Hawkeyes columnist Chad Leistikow has covered sports for 23 years with The Des Moines Register, USA TODAY and Iowa City Press-Citizen. Follow @ChadLeistikow on Twitter.
In case you needed more proof that dogs are some of the most loyal, loving creatures on the planet, here you go.
Actor and filmmaker Easton Dufur used to have two yellow Labradors — Cookie and Stitch.
For those of you who wanna see my dogs here they are
(Stitch is on top, Cookie is on bottom) pic.twitter.com/zDK89IP18s — EasyBreasyBeautiful (@_EasyBreasy_) June 13, 2017
The dogs had always shared one food bowl, Easton said in a statement posted on Twitter.
“My dog Stitch trained my other dog Cookie to only eat half the food that's in the bowl. So ever since she was young she knew to leave half the food so Stitch can have some (he liked to make sure she would eat,)” Easton wrote.
Easton explained that Stitch recently passed away and Cookie is alone for the first time.
“So since Stitch is gone, I've been feeding Cookie less food,” Easton wrote.
“Well before I went to bed, I wanted to check to see if she ate. And so I did, and she still left half of her food there so Stitch can eat,” Easton said.
His tweet sparked a flood of emotions.
i'm crying so hard ugh oh my gosh poor Cookie missing her best friend ugh she doesn't deserve this https://t.co/B8Rw8VfRtQ — aly🖤 (@aly3hunna) June 13, 2017
cookie is too good for this world https://t.co/AmMWgB8cpW — hadia (@haahdia) June 13, 2017
Maybe because he knew his tweet broke hearts all over the world, Easton later shared a video of Cookie and Stitch enjoying a snack together during happier times.
Treasury yields were lower on Monday ahead of an important debt auction that will provide supply clues and a midweek Federal Reserve meeting that could hold hints on where interest rates go from here.
What are Treasurys doing?
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield TMUBMUSD10Y, -0.53% fell 2 basis points to 2.359%, while the 30-year bond yield TMUBMUSD30Y, -0.67% also ticked lower by 2.3 basis points to 2.746%. The 2-year note yield TMUBMUSD02Y, +0.68% was down 2 basis points to 1.778%.
Bond prices moves in the opposite direction of yields.
What's driving markets?
The Treasury Department will unload $24 billion of 3-year notes at 11:30 a.m. Eastern and $20 billion of 10-year notes at 1 p.m. Trading for government paper is influenced by new issuance, which adds competing debt onto the market.
Investors, however, will be mostly looking ahead to a week with first-tier economic data and a Federal Reserve meeting Dec. 12-13, at which the central bank is expected to raise rates. Consumer price index data, retail sales and industrial production numbers are set to arrive in the next few days.
Market participants could have also been taking risk off the table, supporting haven bond prices, after a report of an explosion in New York and a suspect in custody.
See: Injuries reported following explosion at New York City's Port Authority bus terminal
What did market participants say?
“The Fed is going to deliver another quarter-point of tightening on Wednesday and while that aspect of the FOMC meeting is a foregone conclusion, the open question remains how will the committee characterize the broader economic and inflation outlook,” said Ian Lyngen and Aaron Kohli, fixed-income strategists at BMO Capital Markets.
“Let us not forget the updated projections—including the dot plot. We're not anticipating any significant changes to the Fed's rate projections, although if anything the better core-CPI prints (i.e. not disappointing in August and October) could bias the 2018 dots a touch higher. That's more of a risk than a call per se, as we expect [Chairwoman Janet] Yellen will be content not to rock the boat as she drops the mic on the way to her first-quarter speaking tour,” they said, referring to Fed officials' charted forecasts for growth and the benchmark interest rate.
What else is on investors' radar?
Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey is set to come in at 10 a.m. Eastern. The data is likely to signal strength in the labor market, but investors will likely give it short shrift as wage gains from a thriving labor market stay absent.
How are other assets doing?
The German 10-year government bond TMBMKDE-10Y, -5.18% yield fell 2 basis points to 0.287% after European stock indexes were in negative territory. On Monday, Germany's DAX 30 index DAX, -0.16% was down 0.1% at 13,147.02, and France's CAC 40 PX1, -0.19% edged down 0.2% to 5,390.88. Spain's IBEX 35 IBEX, -0.08% fell 0.3% to 10,296.70.
Baby sitters hold a special place in every parent's heart, as well as their children's. A good baby sitter can provide years of wonderful memories for the kids, and some much-needed relief for parents. If you have a favorite babysitter who watches over your children regularly, it can be great to surprise her or him with a nice gift. Babysitters do so much for our families, it is a wonderful feeling to be able to treat a babysitter to a present that they will cherish, and that will remind them of you and your kids. This list contains some of the nicest ideas for babysitter gifts, from practical to posh and all kinds of nice treats.
1. DAISY by Marc Jacobs
The perfume Daisy by Marc Jacobs has been a perennial favorite since it was launched in 2007. This perfume is simple enough to wear every day but still has a luxurious scent that will make your babysitter feel high class and very special. The scent is a deep, rich woodsy, fruity and floral fragrance. It is playful and young at the same time, with woodsy vanilla undertones giving it a touch of elegance. This is an all around great scent that works in all seasons and all times of day. It makes a very special gift for someone you want to treat on Christmas.
Price: $70.51
2. Pixie Lost Item Tracker
Pixie is a great gift for babysitters, who are often busy with their personal lives, school, and work. Whether your babysitter is a forgetful type or she is super organized, she will love this lost item tracker. Pixie is very easy to use, and is the first lost item tracker to use augmented reality to show you the exact location of your things. This kit comes with four Pixie Points that can be attached to keys, phones, purses, electronics, even pets! The Pixie Points communicate with each other in order to show you with both audio and visual cues the exact location of your item. If it is out of range, the tracker will tell you the last mapped spot. You can even find your phone when it is out of batteries!
Price: $74.99 with free shipping
3. Wicked Audio Shred Noise Isolation Dynamic Crystal Clear Stereo Sound Earbuds for Her
Headphones are an awesome gift for anyone who loves music, audiobooks or even podcasts. These ear buds by Wicked Audio
feature wide range, high fidelity and enhanced bass for the ultimate listening experience and superior sound quality. They are sweat proof and magnetic and are designed to never fall, making them great for athletes as well. This is a nice gift to get for your babysitter that you know she will love to use.
Price: $29.99 with free shipping
4. LumaBella Keratin Dual Touch Hair Straightener
A high quality hair straightener is a luxury that many young women cannot afford for themselves. If your babysitter always has beautifully styled hair or is the type of person that loves trying out new beauty products, this high-end straightener is the perfect gift. The Dual Touch Styler provides high quality heat with damage protection built in. The ceramic places are infused with keratin micro-conditioners that protect the hair during styling and give it a nice shine. There is a heat sensor embedded inside that can detect hair's exposure to heat to prevent overheating, and can be adjusted to a personalized setting as well. She will definitely appreciate this gift from you every morning when she styles her hair!
Price: $89
5. MiniWg Whale Ceramic Whale Succulent Planter
Here is a cute, inexpensive gift that will look adorable on her dresser or windowsill. This ceramic planter has 22k gold accents and is in the shape of a tiny whale. It is the perfect size for a single succulent or other small plant. It does not matter if she has a green thumb or not, because succulents are super easy to care for and are practically impossible to kill. This pot can hold a 2″ succulent, cactus or other similarly sized plant. It measures 4.5″ x 2.5″ and has a 2.5″ x 2″ opening on top. It is hand made in California by Malenka Pottery Shop.
Price: $24
6. Instant Pot 6 Qt 7-in-1 Multi-Use Programmable Pressure Cooker
Many babysitters are also full time students or newly employed in the professional world, while making an extra income from babysitting on the side. This kind of busy schedule leaves little time for cooking, much less cooking nutritious meals from scratch! She may find herself relying on take-out and convenience foods much more than she wants. This pressure cooker by Instant Pot is a great gift for any busy babysitter because it allows her to cook on her schedule. Whether she needs to make something fast with the pressure cooker setting, or wants to “set it and forget it” with the slow cooker setting, the Instant Pot does it all. This appliance makes cooking so easy that even inexperienced and unenthusiastic cooks can make gourmet quality meals at home. The Instant Pot also comes in three quarts and eight quart sizes.
Price: $79.99
7. HealthPro Titanium Lightweight 3-Piece Camping Hiking Mess Kit Cookware Set
If your babysitter is an outdoorsy type who loves to camp, hike, bike, or backpack, they will certainly appreciate a nice set of cooking pots to use on the trail. This set of cooking pots is made of titanium, which is super strong and lightweight enough to take on any backpacing trip. Who knows – This set could even inspire them to go farther than they ever have before! Pair this cooking set with a three piece titanium cutlery set for a gift that will have them ready to hit the trails.
Price: $47.99
8. Chemex 6-Cup Classic Series Glass Coffee Maker
If your babysitter loves a nice cup of coffee or a latte, she will really appreciate a fancy coffee maker to use in her own home. Young men and women may not have the funds to be able to purchase luxury items like a Chemex coffee maker, so a gift like this is something that they will treasure. This coffee maker has a 30 oz capacity and features an all glass body with a polished wood collar and leather tie.
Price: $41.32
9. Peak Design Everyday Tote Bag
Practical gifts are a nice surprise on Christmas, as opposed to yet another box of chocolates or tin of popcoron. This tote from Peak Design is an awesome bag for your babysitter. If your babysitter is a college student, high school student, or young professional, they will love the practicality and durability of this bag. This tote bag comes with internal subdividers, dual side access, and multiple internal and external subcompartments. The top is an easy-open magnetic closure, and it can be transformed from a tote bag to a cross-body bag or a backpack in seconds. This super durable bag is a perfect gift for your babysitter!
Price: $189.95
10. Fujifilm Instax SP-3 Mobile Printer
Finally, here is a super fun gift that your babysitter will love. This is a great unisex gift, so whether you have a male or female babysitter they will really appreciate it. A Fujifilm Instax Mobile Printer is like a modern Polaroid. You can take photos on your phone, and print them wirelessly using this printer. It can be used anywhere – play dates, at the park, parties, travel, or right at home. Millenials will especially love this gift, as it is the perfect blend of nostalgia and modern technology.
You can even use this printer to make special messages on the photos, or print using the hashtag mode, where you can search and print photos with the same hashtag instantly.
Price: $199
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
'Arrow' actor head-butted by weirdo at Syracuse football game Stephen Amell may play a superhero on TV, but that doesn't mean he's indestructible in real life, too. While watching his beloved Syracuse Orange take on North Carolina State from...
Hudgens' feisty Rizzo spices up 'Grease: Live!' plus more to watch this week Grease: Live! Sunday, 7 p.m., Fox Vanessa Hudgens grew up doing acting in musical theater before becoming a household name in Disney Channel's “High School Musical.” After moving on to...
Rashida Jones embraces the silly in new cop sitcom Angie Tribeca Sunday 9 p.m., TBS TBS is taking a page from Netflix for the launch of its newest comedy, premiering all 10 episodes from Sunday to Monday in a...
'Glee' gal soars into 'Supergirl' role “Glee” star Melissa Benoist is going from choir girl to Supergirl. The actress — who also appears in the Oscar-nominated “Whiplash” — has been tapped to play the lead in...
'Game of Thrones' finale the year's most illegally downloaded episode Summing up the year in TV wouldn't be complete without TorrentFreak.com's annual Top Ten list of episodes downloaded illegally on file-sharing sites. To no one's surprise (since it's such a...
Comic-book heroes are coming to save fall TV If you're sitting on the rights to obscure 1968 comic-book character Brother Power the Geek, now might be a good time to phone your agent. No fewer than six new...
Fox adds 'Lucifer' to comic-book lineup Fox is going heavy on the comic-book genre. With the premiere of “Gotham” just days away (Sept. 22), Fox has ordered a pilot for “Lucifer” — which, like “Gotham,” is...
Routh back to superhero roles in ‘Atom' Brandon Routh — who played the title character in the 2006 movie “Superman Returns” — has been cast as another DC Comics superhero, this time on the small screen. The...
Eamon Dunphy believes Manchester United are still two players away from winning the Premier League, but said Jose Mourinho has re-energised the Red Devils and moulded them into a serious force again.
United crushed West Ham 4-0 in their opener at Old Trafford on Sunday, with £75m striker Romelu Lukaku striking twice.
RTÉ Soccer analyst Dunphy said the former Everton man is a crucial addition, providing Mourinho with the powerful goalscorer required to put the league's lesser lights to the sword at home in particular.
"They drew ten games last year against the likes of West Ham. This is what's changed I think. I think Lukaku is a good signing," Dunphy told RTÉ 2fm's Game On.
"I thought it was very poor opposition. You have to say that, but I wouldn't want to begrudge United; they did well. Lukaku made a good start.
"Pogba was better. He didn't look like a £90m player but he looked a bit more useful. This is going to be decided when the big teams play each other.
"Lukaku will give them something, and what he'll give them is in the box. He will score goals and he'll get chances. Do they look like a championship-winning team? Not at the moment, but by a process of elimination I'd say it's [between] them and City.
"United need two more really good players. They don't look right at the back and they need a real quality midfield player still.
"Think back two years to when Van Gaal was there. They had terrible seasons under him. He bought badly; the team was lifeless. Mourinho has re-energised them.
"I'm sure they'll finish in the top four this year and I wasn't sure last year. Whether they're good enough to win the Premier League I doubt at the moment but I wouldn't rule them out because I saw City have a lot of possession against Brighton but they still have problems at the back.
"On Sunday United did something they failed to do last year: put away ordinary teams at Old Trafford."
While United started with an impressive victory, reigning champions Chelsea fell to a shock 3-2 defeat against Burnley at Stamford Bridge.
It's been a strangely turbulent summer at the Blues, with Diego Costa angling for a move and Nemanja Matic being sold to United.
Dunphy said the issues lie a very top, and doesn't think boss Antonio Conte will stick around for much longer.
"I don't think Conte has the influence he needs to have on who they buy and who they sell," he said.
"It's clear he didn't want to sell Matic for example. They've got to compete in the Champions League this year. I don't think Conte will stay there.
"The reason they all leave, and there's been some great coaches there, is that they don't have what they feel is the power they need to have.
"They've won in the Abramovich era. They've won the Premier League five times and they've won the Champions League. [The owners] will say: 'our way works'. It's not the way it should be, but that's their answer and I think Conte... I think he's got real character, and I think he'll leave.
"Ancelotti left, Mourinho left, this guy will leave as well."
CLICK HERE if you are having a problem viewing the photos or video on a mobile device
Kevin Durant shrugged his shoulders. The Warriors forward hardly sounded offended about the argument. Nor did he sound defensive about the question. But he remains aware of the commentary.
The Warriors will face the Cleveland Cavaliers in the NBA Finals for the fourth consecutive year, beginning with Game 1 on Thursday at Oracle Arena. That sets up a rematch for the second consecutive year between Durant and Cavaliers LeBron James, whose productivity in his 15th NBA season had led to the following charge. While the 33-year-old James has been lauded for arguably single-handedly leading the Cavaliers to the NBA Finals, the 29-year-old Durant has faced skepticism he could do the same thing with a similar roster.
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
“I can't control that,” Durant told The Bay Area News Group. “I know what I bring to my team. I know my role on my team. I'm just trying to play in a way that will help us win a championship. That's the only thing I can do.”
What has James done? Nothing other than leading the NBA this postseason in points (34.0) and ranking third in assists (8.8) along with 13.4 rebounds in 41.3 minutes (second in the league). James also posted a league-leading 13 double doubles, a 44-point effort in a Game 4 win over Boston in the Eastern Conference Finals and a 46-point outing in a Game 6 victory over the Celtics.
To subscribe to the Planet Dubs podcast, click here.
What has Durant done? He has ranked fourth in the NBA this postseason in points (29.0), though his rebounds (7.1) and assists (4.3) fall short of James' numbers. Durant had 37 points in a Game 1 win over Houston in the Western Conference Finals and 38 points in a Game 2 loss. But as the Rockets' switch-heavy defense prompted the Warriors to feature Durant more in isolation plays, his efficiency dipped in Game 4 (9-of-24), Game 5 (8-of-22) and Game 6 (6-of-17). Durant then rebounded with 34 points on 11-of-21 shooting in a Game 7 win over Houston.
Through that all, Durant navigated the dynamic between leaning on other sharpshooters in Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson, while maximizing his own productivity. It arguably presents more of a first-world NBA problem than what James has encountered with a diminished supporting cast after the Cavaliers traded Kyrie Irving to Boston last offseason. Then again, most of the NBA's talent pool resides in the Western Conference.
Want real-time Warriors news texted to your phone? Sign up for Mark Medina's private text messaging service.
“We're in two different places in our game,” Durant said of James. “I'm still learning, still growing and figuring things out. I feel like he is who he is at this point. He's experienced so much more than I have. So he's looking at it from a different vantage point. But that's the beauty of basketball. You have guys with different paths and different journeys and they meet up on the court. It's magical and it's fun.”
Durant helped the Warriors produce magic in the past year at James' expense.
Durant won both his first NBA championship and Finals MVP award after averaging 35.2 points on 55.6 percent shooting in 39.8 minutes per game. Durant made the go-ahead 3-pointer with 45.3 seconds remaining over James that secured the Warriors a Game 3 victory over Cleveland. In an interview earlier this year with Bay Area News Group, Durant argued that his NBA title, Finals MVP award and go-ahead 3-pointer showed he's “on the same level” as James.
“I don't know how it made everybody else feel. But I know it made my friends and family feel proud,” Durant said. “I want to do that again for them. I know how hard it was to do that no matter if we won in five [games]. Every night was hard.”
The Warriors are not expected to have as much difficulty with Cleveland as they had with Houston. James could complicate things, though. And Durant could largely determine how that plays out.
While James will likely assume a more significant scoring load for the Cavaliers, Durant will likely blend his scoring with Curry and Thompson. With Warriors forward Andre Iguodala missing the past four playoff games with a bruised left knee without a definitive return date, Durant might guard James more than usual. In the Warriors' win over Cleveland on Christmas Day this season, Durant made three defensive stops on James late in the game that the league said in its two-minute report should have been fouls.
And then there is the latest commentary on James arguably being more valuable to the Cavaliers than Durant is to the Warriors.
“No matter what they say or not, you want to prove your doubters wrong. We've all been like that,” Durant said. “Every human has been like that. In their whole lives, there has been something. You'll use it as fuel and use it to push you. But at the same time, I just want to focus on how we can win the game and how to win the series.”
Durant believed he feels better prepared for that responsibility after playing against the Rockets in seven playoff games. Related Articles NBA Finals: Bob Myers aware that Warriors' championship run will not last forever
LeBron and Warriors: ‘Best-ever' debate comes to the NBA Finals
NBA Finals: Kevon Looney, Jordan Bell ready to fill big role
Warriors' forward Andre Iguodala optimistic he can play in the NBA Finals
Steve Kerr reveals what he told Tyronn Lue during his leave of absence
Before that matchup, Durant sparked praise within the Warriors for balancing his scoring instincts while elevating his teammates. During the 2017-18 regular season, Durant averaged 26.4 points while shooting 51.6 percent from the field and 5.4 assists, numbers that are somewhat similar to his career averages (27.1 points on 49 percent shooting, 3.9 assists). Durant showed similar efficiency in the Warriors' first-round series against San Antonio (28.2 points on 48 percent shooting, 5.2 assists) and second-round matchup against New Orleans (27.8 points on 50.5 percent shooting, 4.8 assists). The Warriors also praised Durant for his subdued leadership style with his work habits as well as the positive reinforcement and constructive criticism he offered behind-the scenes.
After producing a steady line chart during those games, Durant's play in Houston came in waves. Rockets coach Mike D'Antoni conceded the inevitable that Durant will score whenever he wants to in Games 1 and 2. Houston soon found otherwise. Its relentless switching, coupled with Golden State's inconsistent shooting, prompted Durant to become a high-volume shooter. So much that Warriors coach Steve Kerr prodded Durant during a Game 5 loss to trust his teammates more.
Durant chalked up those struggles toward “wanting it too much.” Durant conceded he forced shots, drove too fast to the basket and relied too much on his footwork and pump fakes instead of reading the defense.
“I just decided to just say, ‘Forget it, just hoop and play ball,'” Durant said. “I just tried to come out and play as hard as I can on the defensive side of the ball and let my offense come around, whereas the games before I was thinking about my offense coming into the game.”
Durant pledged he will not just think about his offense against Cleveland. After all, he will defend James at times. Then again, Durant pledged apathy how a head-to-head matchup might determine individual bragging rights and comparative legacies.
“I can't think about myself more so than trying to help the team win,” Durant said. “We play a team sport. It's all about the win.”
Follow Bay Area News Group Warriors beat writer Mark Medina on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
Unearthing star players of the future is the aim for Clipstone Welfare Cricket Club after receiving a welcome financial boost for their new youth policy.
The club, whose first team ply their trade in the Bassetlaw League, are planning to set up a youth team in time for next season.
So, Coun John Peck, who is the village's councillor on Nottinghamshire County Council, was delighted to present a cheque for £300 from his personal community fund to the chairman of the club, Alan Hunt.
Founded in 1925 and located on Seventh Avenue, the club will use the money to buy equipment for the youngsters.
Mr Hunt said: “We are grateful to John for his support. We have a strong sporting tradition in Clipstone and are very keen to get the young people of the village playing cricket. Hopefully, we can find our first-team players of the future.”
Chrissy Metz's boyfriend throws her surprise birthday party The fans were respectful and did not swarm her for selfies, our source said.
Inside Ashlee Simpson's 32nd birthday party “The private affair started at 9 p.m.,” a source said. “Guests noshed on delectable bites like chicken skewers and grille see and sipped on champagne and cocktails.”
Ashlee and Jessica Simpson model for dad's first art show The former manager debuted a collection of 50 artistic photographs at the Bruce Lurie Gallery in LA this weekend.
Evan Ross and Ashlee Simpson hit Aspen with baby Jagger Although the kids are along for the fun, the couple are saving plenty of time for romance.
Ashlee Simpson and Evan Ross welcome baby girl Simpson and Ross welcomed the new arrival on Thursday night.
See Ashlee Simpson and Evan Ross' stunning wedding photos As Ashlee Simpson and Evan Ross prepare for parenthood, Ross takes a look back at their 2014 nuptials.
Pregnant Ashlee Simpson spends quality time with Diana Ross Ross entertained her son Evan and his wife Ashlee at a laughter-filled dinner in Los Angeles.
Florian Thauvin scored three times on Friday night in Marseille's 6-3 rout of Metz at the Velodrome. The strikes took Thauvin's tally to 13 goals this season and Marseille into second place eight points behind pacesetters Paris Saint-Germain who play at Lille on Saturday afternoon.
Marseille were 5-0 up before Metz got on the scoresheet.
Morgan Sanson fired them in front after six minutes before Thauvin hit the first of his three with a volley two minutes later.
He got the better of Metz's Senegalese defender Fallou Diagne to score his second just before the interval.
That made it 3-0 at half-time against a Metz side who had only won two of their 10 games on the road road this season.
Valere Germain added the fourth just after the pause and Thauvin completed his hat-trick in the 56th minute following a slick pass from Dimitri Payet.
“Florian continues to be a decisive player,” said Marseille boss Rudi Garcia. “I want him to continue to work and to have an important contribution. He is a humble man. Praise can weaken men and I do not want him to be weaker."
Florent Mollet bagged a brace for the visitor's with a goal either side of Kostas Mitroglou's goal for Marseille after 75 minutes.
Ibrahima Niane's strike in stoppage time for Metz brought some measure of respectability to the scoreline. But they appear doomed for the second division. They prop up the table in 20th place with 18 points after 24 games and are seven points off 17th which guarantees Ligue 1 action next season.
"When we score six goals in a home game, we can only be satisfied,” Garcia added. “We relaxed a bit at the end, but it was a great show."
Meet the adorable new member of Nottinghamshire Police's dog section.
Four-month-old Belgian Malinois, Taggart, arrives from a litter of 13 from West Yorkshire... and he appears to have got into the swing of things already!
Yesterday his handler introduced him to ‘tracking' where he managed to sniff out his food that was hidden around a training field.
Taggart will be a general purpose police dog and tracking with be a crucial part of his job, so that's why he's taught to use his nose first.
Taggart's handler, PC Pete Baxter, who has been a dog handler for 15 years, said: “In about one years' time Taggart will be getting ready to start a training course. In the meantime he will be living with me whilst I train him and build his confidence. He's shown great potential so far and I'm looking forward to seeing how much he develops.”
Facebook/BryanMcCoy(OMAHA, Neb.) — A large tornado was spotted in southeastern Nebraska Saturday evening.
The tornado touched down near the towns of Syracuse and Nebraska City.
National Weather Service meteorologist Van DeWald confirmed the tornado happened at around 4:58 p.m. local time, the Omaha World-Herald reported.
Wind gusted up to 70 mph.
There have been no reports of injuries or property damage in the remote area of Nebraska where the cyclone touched down.
Hail, some pieces measuring 1.75 inches, also fell about 20 miles east of Otoe County as the storm moved into Iowa.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
by Rashad Snell
The White House Initiative on HBCU's Summit provided an opportunity for leaders and students from Historically Black Colleges and Universities to network with federal agencies and other potential partners on a national level, and Alabama State University's leaders were there.
The White House hosted the annual summit, which was billed as an opportunity for HBCU's to meet with federal agencies, businesses, philanthropic groups and others. The Initiative's “All-Stars,” which included student ambassadors from some of the other colleges, were honored at the event.
Dr. Quinton T. Ross, Jr., who became ASU's 15th president on Oct. 3, said he attended the conference as a “volunteer alum” because he realized the significance of the event to Alabama State University.
“It was a wonderful opportunity. A wealth of knowledge was gained.” Ross said. “Meeting other presidents from other places that have taken advantage of opportunities that the Federal Government provides was very fruitful and meaningful. Being a new president, it's important to go and hear and get the information that would be beneficial to Alabama State University and its students.”
ASU White House “All-Star” David L. King Jr., a senior majoring in political science with a minor in public administration, said his experience in Washington D.C. and the White House was beyond phenomenal.
“I think that it was again, a humbling experience to be among student leaders who were about their business and knew the issues and what needed to be done to change the world and tackle those issues. As I plan to one day be the President of the United States, I very well think I was in a room filled with the next Secretaries in Presidential cabinets, Executive Directors of federal agencies and federal departments. I think our 2017-18 cohort most definitely will change this nation, and for our institutions provide a foundation for advancing and excelling beyond what we've done,” King said.
A Riverside Superior Court judge on Wednesday morning rebuffed an effort to restore California's End of Life Options Act, which gives terminally ill patients the option to end life on their own terms.
The court rejected a motion filed by the organization Compassion & Choices — on behalf of a physician and two terminally ill adults — urging the judge to cancel his judgment last week invalidating the law, which gives adults with six months or less to live the option to request prescription medication to die.
The case will be revisited again in one month. Judge Daniel A. Ottolia scheduled a hearing on June 29 to consider a similar but separate motion by California Attorney General Xavier Becerra.
“We are deeply disappointed that the court ruled against us, but we thank Attorney General Becerra for defending the law,” said Kevin Díaz, national director of legal advocacy for Compassion & Choices, in a prepared statement.
“But the one month delay until the hearing is unacceptable,” he said, “because in the meantime the law is not in effect and terminally ill Californians now are left without the option of medical aid in dying to peacefully end unbearable suffering.”
Plaintiff Joan Nelson, an 82-year-old resident of Marin County with a rare terminal cancer called leiomyosarcoma, requested and received a prescription for medical aid in dying before the judgment invalidated the law — but now fears the legal ramifications of taking the medication.
“This ruling leaves me with uncertainty about whether I can legally use my aid-in-dying medication and whether my passing will be considered a ‘suicide,' rather than death from leiomyosarcoma, as it should be considered,” she wrote in her petition to the court.
In the first seven months after California's law took effect, 191 aid-in-dying prescriptions were written and 111 patients died. Related Articles UCSF performs first-ever stem cell transplant in a fetus
Los Gatos doctor charged over sound clips sold for curing disease
Right to Die: Judge issues final judgment, interrupting access to life-ending drug
After long decline, death rates from prostate cancer stop falling
California defends right-to-die law, files to block ruling
While the case is being litigated, major hospital systems such as Kaiser Permanente and UC-San Francisco are suspending access to the medication.
Image copyright Corfe Castle Info Image caption Corfe Castle posted on Twitter that the blaze started as a controlled burn
Firefighters are tackling a large blaze on a hillside close to Corfe Castle.
Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue said two engines and a Land Rover pump are on the scene and two further engines from Poole, including off road vehicles, are en route.
A large area of steeply sloping railway embankment and hillside are said to be well alight, Corfe Castle staff say the fire started as "a controlled burn".
The Swanage Railway which runs nearby has been suspended.
A spokesperson for the fire service said it was currently dealing with a large area of heath fire and staying on the scene for "damping down".
Geography students from Purbeck School were due to have a trip around the castle but it has been cancelled due to the fire.
The blaze started on East Hill and drivers are being warned to avoid the area because of smoke on the roads.
The National Trust, which owns Corfe Castle, said the fire had not started on its land but the smoke was making it difficult to access to building.
We often hear about the negative aspects of tall fescue, but it's important to keep in mind that as beef cattle producers in the Southeast, tall fescue is one of our best friends and worst enemies – all rolled into one. Without tall fescue, many of our pastures and hayfields would be far less productive.
Through the years, there have been many attempts at fix-all cures for mitigating the effects of tall fescue on animal performance. Although some have yielded small improvements in average daily gain or reproductive success, many have yielded inconsistent results. There are some methods, “proven-in-time” so to speak, that are capable of alleviating fescue toxicosis to a substantial degree. These practices are based upon reducing the amount of the compounds that are consumed by cattle, or countering the negative effects that appear following consumption.
Inter-seed a legume. Aside from providing continuous access to shade and cool, clean drinking water, one of the most effective means of mitigating the effects of tall fescue includes establishing and maintaining pasture diversity, primarily through inter-seeding a legume such as red clover. Although this is a highly recommended practice, it must be incorporated long before the onset of fescue toxicosis, as mid-summer establishment of legumes in an existing tall fescue stand is rarely successful.
Supplement with non-fescue feedstuffs. Mid-summer dilution can be achieved by supplementing cattle with other non-fescue feedstuffs. Daily supplementation with a fiber-based commodity byproduct such as corn gluten feed, distiller's grains, or soyhulls can mitigate a substantial portion of fescue toxicosis. Commodity blends and other complete feeds, as well as non-fescue pastures and hays can be equally effective.
Clip pastures. Dilution of these compounds can also be achieved by clipping pastures immediately following seed-head emergence. This is possible because the majority of the compounds accumulate in the seed, with much lower and often negligible concentrations accumulating in the plant leaf material. Ideally, pastures should be clipped as high as possible while ensuring that the majority of seed heads are removed. Additionally, clipping stimulates vegetative forage regrowth while reducing weed prevalence. Eliminating seed heads will also aid in pinkeye prevention, as seed heads scratch the cornea of the eye and provide opportunity for invasion by bacteria that are spread by face flies.
Use mineral supplementation. The compounds that result in fescue toxicosis bind to some micro-minerals such as copper and zinc, rendering them unavailable to the animal. This is of critical importance, as the majority of Tennessee pasture forages are deficient in copper and zinc. In order to address this issue, ensure that cattle have continuous year-round access to a free-choice mineral supplement that is fortified with relatively high levels of copper and zinc. Additionally, avoid feeding trace mineralized salt in place of a free-choice mineral supplement, as it does not contain a sufficient amount of minerals to meet beef cattle requirements in almost all forage-based production
Although there are currently no fix-all cures for fescue toxicosis, these management strategies have been proven in practice to decrease the negative effects of endophyte-infected tall fescue on cattle performance throughout the summer months. Hopefully time will shed some light upon new technologies or strategies that completely mitigate the negative effects of this forage species that is essential to beef production in the Southeast.. And, as always, ensure that cattle have continuous access to shade and cool, clean drinking water. (Reference: Jason Smith, Beef Cattle Specialist, University of Tennessee Institute of Agriculture)
For more information, contact the UT-TSU Extension Office in Wilson County at 615-444-9584. You can also find us on Facebook or visit extension.tennessee.edu/wilson.
Through its mission of research, teaching and extension, the University of Tennessee Institute of Agriculture touches lives and provides Real. Life. Solutions. ag.tennessee.edu. Ruth Correll, UT Extension-TSU Cooperative Extension agent in Wilson County, may be reached at 615-444-9584 or acorrell@utk.edu.
Getty Images Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen and all but one of her central bank colleagues voted to raise interest rates again in June -- the third increase in the past year and a half.
The Federal Reserve lifted a key U.S. interest rate and laid out a plan to shrink its massive $4.5 trillion balance sheet starting “this year,” a pair of moves reflecting its view that an economic expansion now entering its ninth year no longer needs so much propping up.
The Fed as expected on Wednesday raised its benchmark federal-funds rate by a quarter percentage point to between 1% and 1.25% — the third increase in a year and a half. The aim is to raise the cost of borrowing for consumers and businesses to ensure the economy doesn't overheat and spark a bout of inflation. See Fed statement
After the Fed's decision, yields on U.S. Treasurys TMUBMUSD10Y, -3.15% rose slightly. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.14% also held on to modest gains and the dollar DXY, +0.09% came off session lows.
Senior Fed officials also stuck to their plans for just one more rate increase this year. A surprise softening in inflation recently has caught the Fed's attention, giving the bank more reason to go slow.
One senior official, Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari, even preferred to leave rates unchanged. He was the lone dissenter in an 8-1 vote.
In a statement released after the meeting, the Fed said it would monitor inflation developments closely.
“The recent run of weaker core inflation readings has clearly rattled some Fed officials,” said Paul Ashworth, chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics.
Still, Yellen and other Fed VIPs point to a tight labor market as a sign that price pressures are more likely to intensify. The unemployment rate fell in May to a 16-year low of 4.3% amid widespread reports that businesses are running out of qualified workers to hire. In some case, firms have sharply boosted pay to atract or retain workers.
“Conditions are in place for inflation to move up,” Yellen said in a press conference after the Fed action.
The Fed's confidence in the economy — and worries about inflation — was also evident in its decision to set in motion plans to reduce its huge cache of Treasury and bond-holdings that it accumulated in response to Great Recession to aid the recovery. The effect is likely to add to upward pressure on interest rates over time.
See live blog of the Fed decision
The Fed has been maintaining a huge balance sheet by reinvesting the proceeds of maturing Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities, a controversial strategy that particularly earned the enmity of congressional Republicans.
To shrink the balance sheet, the Fed said it would gradually taper the amount of proceeds from maturing securities and allow some to runoff.
Under the plan, the Fed will initially allow $6 billion a month in principal from maturing Treasury securities to runoff. That will increase in steps of $6 billion each quarter over a year until it reaches $30 billion a month.
For mortgage-backed securities and federal agency debt, the Fed set an initial cap of $4 billion. That will increase in quarterly steps of $4 billion each quarter until it reaches $20 billion a month.
The Fed did not specify how much it planned to shrink its balance sheet, but the bank did say its holdings won't return to prerecession level of roughly $800 billion.
If the economy slows, however, the central bank could resume reinvestment or even increase the size of the balance sheet again.
"He pushed me down. He tried to shove himself on me. He tried to expose himself. He did all kinds of unpleasant things."
Three months after saying she was "waiting to feel less angry" before speaking publicly about Harvey Weinstein, actor Uma Thurman on Saturday accused the disgraced Hollywood producer of sexually assaulting her in a London hotel room. In an interview with New York Times opinion columnist Maureen Dowd, Thurman said Weinstein "attacked" her and did "all kinds of unpleasant things." “The complicated feeling I have about Harvey is how bad I feel about all the women that were attacked after I was," said Thurman.
In a statement provided to BuzzFeed News, Weinstein's attorney, Ben Brafman, said the producer is "stunned and saddened by what he claims to be false accusations by Uma Thurman." Brafman said that Thurman's comments to the Times "are being carefully examined and investigated before deciding whether any legal action against her would be appropriate." Thurman starred in Pulp Fiction (1994) and Kill Bill: Volume 1 (2003) and Volume 2 (2004), the indie hits directed by Quentin Tarantino and produced by Weinstein.
She said after Pulp Fiction she began to spend more time with Weinstein and his then-wife Eve Chilton. “I knew him pretty well before he attacked me,” she said. “He used to spend hours talking to me about material and complimenting my mind and validating me. It possibly made me overlook warning signs.”
Thurman first described an incident in a Paris hotel room, where Weinstein donned a bathrobe and led her into a steam room.
"I was standing there in my full black leather outfit — boots, pants, jacket. And it was so hot and I said, ‘This is ridiculous, what are you doing?' And he was getting very flustered and mad and he jumped up and ran out,” Thurman told the Times. Shortly after that occasion, Thurman said she was sexually assaulted by Weinstein, again at a meeting in a hotel room, this time at the Savoy Hotel in London: He pushed me down. He tried to shove himself on me. He tried to expose himself. He did all kinds of unpleasant things. But he didn't actually put his back into it and force me. You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard. I was doing anything I could to get the train back on the track. My track. Not his track. The next day, she said Weinstein sent two dozen yellow roses and a note that read, "you have great instincts."
Thurman said she went to meet with Weinstein again at the Savoy to confront him about the attack. She said she told him, "If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career, your reputation, and your family, I promise you."
Thurman told Dowd she doesn't remember what happened next, but a friend, makeup artist Ilona Herman, who was waiting downstairs at the hotel, said when Thurman came downstairs “she was very disheveled and so upset and had this blank look." "Her eyes were crazy and she was totally out of control. I shoveled her into the taxi and we went home to my house. She was really shaking," recalled Herman to the Times, adding that Thurman had told her Weinstein had threatened to ruin her career. When BuzzFeed News asked for further clarification on the incidents, Thurman's spokesperson replied: "The article speaks for itself." In a statement to BuzzFeed News, a Weinstein spokesperson acknowledged he had made "an awkward pass 25 years ago in England after misreading her signals, after a flirtatious exchange in Paris, for which he immediately apologized and deeply regrets."
His spokesperson said "her claims about being physically assaulted are untrue. And this is the first time we have heard those details."
The spokesperson provided BuzzFeed News with six photos of Thurman and Weinstein at various work events in recent years, which they claim "demonstrate a strong relationship" between the two.
Full statement from Harvey Weinstein regarding Uma Thurman's interview with @maureendowd saying Weinstein attacked… https://t.co/QEWihZD2sX
Weinstein's attorney, Ben Brafman, also sent BuzzFeed News a statement calling Thurman's comments "false accusations of attempted physical assault."
Just got a statement from Ben Brafman, Harvey Weinstein's attorney saying that they are carefully examining Uma Thu… https://t.co/XTZUuIw0o8
After the revelations against Weinstein first broke in the New York Times and New Yorker last year, Thurman was interviewed on the red carpet, saying that she was too "angry" to speak out yet.
"I am not a child," Thurman said. "And I have learned that when I've spoken in anger, I usually regret the way I express myself. So, I've been waiting to feel less angry, and when I'm ready, I'll say what I have to say."
Dear #UmaThurman may peace be with you and your soul. We need your strong voice, it truly is commanding https://t.co/Wdom7pBEM4
On Thanksgiving, Thurman also posted a message on Instagram, a still from a scene in Kill Bill: Volume 2 where her character is driving to get revenge on the person who has wronged her.
"Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! (Except you Harvey, and all your wicked conspirators - I'm glad it's going slowly - you don't deserve a bullet)," she wrote.
Her interview with Dowd also touched on her relationship with Tarantino, with Dowd writing that the "animosity between Weinstein and Thurman infected her creative partnership" with the director. “I am one of the reasons that a young girl would walk into his room alone, the way I did," Thurman told the Times. "Quentin used Harvey as the executive producer of Kill Bill, a movie that symbolizes female empowerment. And all these lambs walked into slaughter because they were convinced nobody rises to such a position who would do something illegal to you, but they do.” Thurman told the newspaper that Weinstein apologized about the hotel incidents to her in 2001, after Tarantino noticed Thurman was uncomfortable around the producer and quizzed her on why.
"I just walked away stunned, like ‘OK, well there's my half-assed apology,'” Thurman said.
Thurman also accused Tarantino of putting her life at risk by insisting during Kill Bill filming that she drive a stunt car that she'd been warned wasn't functioning properly. The stunt resulted in a car accident that left her seriously injured, with Thurman saying she still has a "permanently damaged neck" and "screwed-up knees." She said it took Tarantino 15 years to provide her footage of the crash, which was published by the Times. "We were in a terrible fight for years,” she said. “We had to then go through promoting the movies. It was all very thin ice." She also said that Tarantino had spat on her face himself and choked her as part of filming stunts for Kill Bill. The Times said Tarantino did not respond to requests for comment. BuzzFeed News also contacted his lawyers.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Guests partied the night away at the newly opened Brasserie Abode to celebrate the launch of Chester's newest restaurant.
Attendees including Lord Mayor of Chester Cllr Razia Daniels, Chris Nixon, Izzy Grey and Emma Westbrook were welcomed with a choice of delicious cocktails created by the resident mixologists, served alongside treats from the brasserie menu, including miniature beef bourguignon, Shepherd's pie, grilled oysters Rockefeller and chocolate liégeois.
Entertainment was provided by DJ VIVA Ems and Girls That Mix with their unique combination of percussion, trumpet and DJ tunes.
Brasserie Abode is now open seven days a week, offering great value, all day dining and drinks in the spacious grand brasserie and new-look Champagne and cocktail bar.
Thanks to the relocation of the bar and private dining room, both the new brasserie and bar offer stunning new views of the racecourse and countryside beyond, while a new look stylish lounge bar on the ground floor offers an all day lounge menu and drinks.
For further information see www.abodechester.co.uk , call 01244 347 000 or for the latest pics, follow on instagram @brasserieabode
A man in town for his grandmother's funeral became the city's first homicide victim of the year Monday when he was shot coming to the aid of his younger brother, police and family said.
Rickey Kalisaran, 31, was killed in Queens as a robber tried to snatch a heavy gold necklace from around his brother's neck, cops and kin said.
Kalisaran, who had traveled from Guyana to attend his grandmother's funeral this week, was blasted several times in the chest on 124th Street in South Ozone Park as he ran to the aid of his younger sibling, Sunny, 24, they said.
Family members said the brothers were coming home from a nearby nightclub when robbers driving a Mercedes spotted Sunny's bling.
Sunny, the father of a newborn, was also shot several times in the back and is in critical condition but expected to survive, they said.
Friends said they have warned Sunny in the past that he is a walking target for robbers.
“This is not the first time he's been in a situation like that,” a co-worker — who wanted to be identified only by his first name, Martin — said of Sunny.
“It's the way he dresses. Even at work we tell him: You can't dress like that. He's said he's gotten in fights over his chains before.”
Cops say the shooter intended to rob the victims but instead opened fire and took nothing.
The gunman fled in a vehicle driven by another man, authorities said.
Both siblings were taken to Jamaica Hospital, where Rickey Kalisaran was pronounced dead and his younger brother is being treated.
Family member Derrick Preshad said Rickey had arrived the day before from Guyana to attend his grandmother's funeral.
“Their grandma just died,” said Preshad. “There are three brothers. Their daddy passed not even a year ago.”
Meanwhile, another man was stabbed to death about 5 a.m. in a Bronx apartment building on Hoe Avenue near Freeman Street.
The 42-year-old victim and a woman got into a dispute while doing drugs with another person inside the apartment, police sources said.
A neighbor heard the commotion and called cops.
The bloodied victim stumbled out of the fifth-floor apartment, police sources said.
Police found him with stab wounds to his head and chest. He was declared dead at St. Barnabas Hospital.
Authorities are looking for the woman, who fled. The third person remained on scene and is cooperating with investigators, police sources said.
No arrests have been made in either slaying.
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
When Nicholas Negroponte announced a $100 laptop for children in 2005, it seemed too good to be true. That was well before the iPhone and the iPad, so even the idea was revolutionary. But as the Verge documents in an in-depth article, while the One Laptop Per Child (OLPC) project did ship, it's now a shadow of its former self.
In short, the project overpromised and underdelivered: the $100 laptop ended up being closer to $200, the crank that promised to power the laptop anywhere proved impractical, and while Negroponte liked to demonstrate the laptop's durability by throwing it across the room, the real world turned out to be much harsher. Buyers were leery of the Linux-based Sugar OS and wanted children to learn Microsoft Windows. Most problematic, PC manufacturers saw the potential in cheap laptops, which kicked off the netbook boom and largely shut out OLPC before it could take off.
But perhaps it's an exaggeration to call OLPC a failure. The project still exists, many of those original laptops remain operational in the field, and most importantly, its audacity helped radically reduce the price of computing hardware.
Read original article
“Jersey Shore” star Vincent “Vinny” Guadagnino will speak at Miami's second annual Mental Health Forum.
The event will be held at Hall Auditorium on Thursday, Sept. 7 at 6 p.m. Admission is free.
Though Guadagnino is best known for his stint on the MTV reality show, he also wrote a book, published in 2012, about his struggles with anxiety, “Control the Crazy: My Plan to Stop Stressing, Avoid Drama, and Maintain Inner Cool.”
The 29-year-old has also been a spokesman for MTV's “A Thin Line” campaign against bullying.
The event is co-sponsored by Associated Student Government (ASG), Student Counseling Services (SCS), the Interfraternity Council (IFC), Panhellenic Association, Miami Activities and Programming (MAP) and the Residence Hall Association (RHA).
ASG made the announcement about Guadagnino's appearance Monday night on their Facebook and Twitter pages.
Save the date for our second annual Mental Health Forum, with keynote speaker Vinny Guadagnino! pic.twitter.com/newubc5RH9 — Miami University ASG (@MiamiASG) August 15, 2017
Comments
Steve Stephens appears in stills from a video he broadcast of himself on Facebook in Cleveland, Ohio on April 16, 2017. Steve Stephens / Facebook via Reuters
While Stephens used Facebook Live earlier in the day, it's believed the video of Godwin's murder was recorded and then uploaded to Facebook. It's unclear when — or how — Facebook became aware of the video, but it was quickly removed on Sunday.
The senseless act of violence that has spurred a nationwide manhunt has also raised questions about Facebook Live and what can be done to better police criminal content.
Facebook Live, a tool that was initially for celebrities and public figures, has only been available to the site's 1.86 billion users for one year.
It created a star in Chewbacca Mom Candace Payne and has been used as a powerful social justice tool to capture protests and police-involved shootings.
However, during that time, a Chicago man was tortured on Facebook Live. A rash of suicides is broadcast. In Sweden, a gang rape was reportedly broadcast on Facebook Live. And that's just a few of the incidents that have created a unique challenge for Facebook as the social network strives to balance safety with free expression.
“A lot of this phenomenon of people, whether committing suicide or killing, torturing, raping, is because they know they have this captive audience,” Jen Golbeck, a professor at the University of Maryland's College of Information Studies, told NBC News.
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 17 April 2017
An article published last week by Africa Confidential (AC Vol 56 No 23) reported that despite promises made to the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, not to go ahead with the construction of a new international airport, president Ernest Bai Koroma is determined to go ahead.
The plan has been strongly condemned by the media and opposition political parties. In 2016, the IMF and World Bank strongly advised Koroma that the project was of doubtful economic benefit, and would add enormously to Sierra Leone's debt burden.
But according to last week's report by Africa Confidential, “China, however, has been piling on the pressure to go ahead. Deputy Foreign Minister Zhang Ming went to Freetown on 31 March, 2017, when Koroma announced that his government was in serious discussions about the project with the IMF which he expected to be concluded during the Fund's and Bank's Spring Meetings in Washington DC on 21-23 April, 2017.”
Elections in Sierra Leone are scheduled to take place next year, and it seems Koroma is in a hurry to start construction work on the new airport, which is expected to be completed – if it goes ahead, by October 2018, in time for president Koroma's handing over to a newly elected government as his legacy.
But critics say that if the construction goes ahead this year, the ruling APC party will use this as a massive propaganda to woo voters at their elections campaign.
The cost of the new airport will not be cheap, though the project is believed to have been pruned, so as to reduce cost as well as the time it will take the Chinese to construct the airport.
According to Africa Confidential, “Zhang repeated his government's support for the project, which it had previously estimated would cost US$200 million and which the China Exim Bank would finance over 20 years.”
Africa Confidential further states that: “In a leaked 2016 report for the Koroma government, auditors Ernst and Young estimated the full cost of building Mamamah to an international standard at $318 million – about 11% of gross domestic product (AC Vol 57 No 4, Stuck at the airport).
“Ernst and Young also doubted the passenger and freight projections, saying the plan should be ‘entirely reconsidered'. Before the Ebola outbreak, Lungi Airport received about 40,000 passengers a year”. This is far less than is required to make the new airport economically viable.
“Koroma has long viewed Mamamah as his legacy project, but no amount of optimism can cover the fact that the convenience of having an airport on the same bank of the estuary as Freetown, obviating the need for a long ferry trip, does not justify the cost,” concludes Africa Confidential.
After fifty-six years of gaining independence from British colonial rule and in spite of its huge natural resource revenue potential of over $2 billion a year – with a population of just over six million people, Sierra Leone is rated as one of the poorest nations in the world. The country depends on foreign aid for most of its public spending budget.
Less than half the country's adult population would live to see their 51st birthday. Health service is a death trap, because of the lack of trained doctors, poorly equipped hospitals, and poor access to medicines. Education is sub-standard compared to other countries in Africa. Fewer than 20% of the population have access to electricity and clean drinking water.
Sierra Leone is one of the most dangerous countries for a woman to give birth, with a survival rate of less than 70%. Survival rate for newly born children is appalling – with about 40% unlikely to see their 5th birthday.
Unemployment in Sierra Leone is disturbingly high. Over 70% of the economically active population are out of work; and more than 60% of youths unlikely to have ever worked. Less than 37% of the population can read and write.
The country's economy has seen its fair share of bad political management, civil war and health epidemic – Ebola. The economy is struggling to survive due to lack of investments, and competition from neighbouring countries in attracting foreign investors.
Sierra Leone is massively dependent on foreign aid and public debt. The country cannot feed itself. Millions of dollars are spent every month on importing its staple food – rice.
President Koroma and senior ministers believe that to fix Sierra Leone's economic and social problems, there is the urgent need for a new international airport – a decision that most analysts and the World Bank say is seriously misguided. The country simply cannot afford it, nor is it a priority.
The existing airport – the Lungi International Airport, has the capacity to receive thousands of passengers a day, but actual average daily passenger arrivals is just over 100.
The airport which is now being partly managed by a British company, has received millions of dollars from the World Bank to pay for expansion, upgrading of the runway and facilities to bring it up to international standards. Still, passenger numbers are struggling to rise.
At a cost of $400 million, and with the competing priorities facing the government – health, access to clean water, provision of electricity, education, housing, road renewals and improvement, waste management and sanitation – why is the Koroma government determined to secure a loan package from China to pay Chinese workers to build a new international airport that will be managed by the Chinese for a fee?
The ruling APC is desperate to be re-elected next year and will do anything to achieve a third term in office, including piling up the country's indebtedness to the rest of the world for an airport that many regard as a white elephant, while people die in hospitals for lack of medicines and poverty.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading...
The Trump administration is pressing countries to ally with the U.S. in pushing back against Chinese trade policies in exchange for relief from American tariffs on steel and aluminum, according to a European official.
U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer has been leading negotiations under which countries may be excluded from the tariffs of 25 percent on imported steel and 10 percent on aluminum. American trading partners and U.S. companies are pressing for exemptions and exclusions from the tariffs, which take effect on Friday.
Robert Lighthizer Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg
In talks with the U.S., Lighthizer has laid out five conditions that countries must address before being excluded, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. The information was also contained in an internal European Commission document seen by Bloomberg. A second non-U.S. official confirmed the broad outlines of the five conditions.
The qualifications are:
Limiting steel and aluminum exports to the U.S. to 2017 levels
Actively addressing China's various trade-distorting policies
Being more assertive and cooperative with the U.S. at the G-20 Global Steel Forum
Cooperating with the U.S. in launching cases against Chinese practices at the WTO
Enhancing security cooperation with the U.S.
The U.S. Trade Representative's office didn't immediately reply to a request for comment.
Exclusion Opportunity
Trump signed a proclamation ordering the tariffs on March 8, invoking a seldom-used legal clause that gives him the authority to impose trade penalties to protect national security. But he has also sought to leverage the tariffs to achieve other goals. He has threatened to withdraw exclusions for Canada and Mexico if the two nations don't agree to a new North American Free Trade Agreement that meets U.S. satisfaction.
Meanwhile, Trump has invited any country with which the U.S. has a “security relationship” to apply for an exclusion, setting off a global lobbying effort to secure relief from the tariffs. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said his country has secured an exclusion, while countries from South Korea to Argentina are asking for similar treatment.
EU Pushback
The EU has aggressively pushed back against the U.S. tariffs, threatening retaliation against iconic goods including motorcycles, jeans and bourbon.
The effort to recruit allies to protest Beijing's trade policies comes as the Trump administration weighs broad tariffs against products made in China to punish the Chinese government for what the U.S. sees as abuse of American intellectual property. The U.S. is also considering restrictions on Chinese investments as part of the investigation, according to people familiar with the matter.
Steven Mnuchin Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg
The Trump administration has frequently criticized China's economic policies, accusing the Asian nation of failing to deliver on reforms it promised when it joined the World Trade Organization in 2001. After Trump announced the tariffs, China's foreign Minister, Wang Yi, vowed a “justified and necessary response” to any efforts to incite a trade war.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin addressed Chinese officials during the Group of 20 meetings in Buenos Aires this week by reiterating the administration's stance that trade must be free, fair and reciprocal, according to a person familiar with the matter who declined to be named because the talks were private. Mnuchin argued for China to adopt a market-oriented trade regime so economic forces work more efficiently, the person said.
— With assistance by Jonathan Stearns, and Jana Randow
James Anderson And Tatiana Flowers, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Aug 14, 2017
DENVER  Taylor Swift won $1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped her during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing her backside during a backstage meet-and-greet. The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swifts mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Muellers bosses.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for his ruined career.
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Muellers lawsuit, saying he had failed to prove that she sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted her. U.S. District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to her mother and others on her team, but that she never sought any specific action regarding Mueller.
From the start, Swifts side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault, even though they never reported it to police. Her mother tearfully testified that she asked Bell to reach out to Muellers employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity.
Bell contacted a station vice-president and asked for an investigation of Muellers conduct. He also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift, Mueller and Muellers then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet.
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week, Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Muellers attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift, she insisted she was groped.
He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him, Swift testified.
It was a definite grab. A very long grab, she added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop stars skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately, insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony. In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Muellers hand is behind Swift, just below her waist. Both are smiling. Muellers then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after she was groped, she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend, Thank you for coming, and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them.
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that she asked Bell to call Muellers employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing her daughter, she said.
We absolutely wanted to keep it private, but we didnt want him to get away with it, Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said he emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGOs general manager, for use in Calls investigation of Mueller. He said he didnt ask that Mueller be fired but that appropriate action be taken.
Giancarlo Stanton's agent suggests he will not opt out after 2020
Giancarlo Stanton has the right to opt out of his contract after the 2020 season, but it doesn't sound like he's planning to do it.
Stanton's agent Joel Wolfe said Monday that the newly-minted New York Yankees outfielder has no intention of opting out of the last seven years of his deal after the 2020 season, when he would be allowed to.
Agent Joel Wolfe on Giancarlo Stanton's opt-out clause following the 2020 season: “He has no desire to opt out.” Sounds like the plan is for him to be a Yankee through 2027. — Jeff Passan (@JeffPassan) December 11, 2017
Stanton is guaranteed just under $300 million if he decides to play out the remainder of his contract. It's easy to say all this on the day he joins the Yankees, which he is thrilled with. Things can change in three years, though, and he'll doubtlessly want to re-assess the market when the time comes before he makes any formal decision.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emerging entrepreneurs are being encouraged to demonstrate their talents in an enterprise competition, which has been launched for students at the University of Chester.
Students have until Wednesday, February 8 to submit their ideas, which will then come under the scrutiny of three high profile business judges on Wednesday, March 8.
Funded by Santander Universities, the challenge is now in its fifth year and offers students the opportunity to win a first prize of £1,000 for an innovative business idea that has the potential to be developed into a business opportunity.
Students can enter as individuals or as teams. As well as the winning prize money, a runner-up award is also on offer.
The competition judges this year are from various business sectors and will consider the finalists' pitches on Wednesday, March 8 in an event that takes place throughout the day at the university's Business School, based at Queen's Park Campus. The students will deliver their ideas through Dragons Den style pitches.
Following the pitching, this year's winner will be revealed at the awards' dinner, a lively celebration of entrepreneurial endeavour, hosted by the Vice-Chancellor of the university, Professor Tim Wheeler, with business leaders and academics in attendance.
Competition founder and organiser Connie Hancock, head of department for business and finance in the Chester Business School, said: “It is really pleasing to be able to encourage the entrepreneurs of the future from across the whole university. The standard of our entrants is always extremely high and we are pleased to celebrate their talents.
“Entrepreneurship is vital to the economy and here in the university's Business School we offer an entrepreneurship degree which has seen our students setting up long lasting businesses while on the course.”
Operation Rio Grande story with Lt. Gov. Spencer Cox and Commissioner Squires.
A new plan to restore safety in Salt Lake's Rio Grande district is in motion.
Operation Rio Grande - a three-phase operation that will continue over the next two years - is officially underway as of Monday morning.
The operation was designed in a series of private meetings which began in late July.
“Since that time, we've been engaged in an unprecedented effort between the state of Utah, Salt Lake County and Salt Lake City to come up with a plan to restore law, remove the bad guys, protect our homeless friends and those that reside in, and do business in, the Rio Grande District,” said Lt. Gov. Spencer Cox speaking at the plan's unveiling.
Cox was selected “point man” by Governor Herbert last month to lead the multi-jurisdictional effort to combat crime and drugs in the Rio Grande.
“Our main goal today is to disrupt the drug trade that is happening and has gone unchecked for far too long,” he said.
The first of three phases involves bolstering Rio Grande's police presence by five times to "identify, arrest and jail dangerous criminals” in what state leaders are calling “an ecosystem of crime.”
“We have, this week, between 100 and 150 officers available to work 24/7,” said Utah Commissioner of Public Safety Keith Squires. “That means we're not going away, and that means there won't be any cover at night either. It also means we're going to be very visible.”
Phases 2 and 3 involve behavioral treatment and drug detoxification followed by a joint public-private sector campaign to enhance employment opportunities for indigent citizens.
Op Rio Grande Phase 1-3 by Dennis Stock on Scribd
The heightened police presence will continue indefinitely for the next two years. When asked about Operation Rio Grande's cost, Lt. Gov. Cox said the budget is still being finalized
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Apple has released Final Cut Pro X 10.4.1, Compressor 4.4.1, and Motion 5.4.1 with a focus on closed captions. You can now import caption files directly into Final Cut Pro, see captions in the Viewer, adjust caption properties, and much more. Likewise, Compressor now also supports importing, viewing, adjusting, and delivering closed captions. Compressor can also share captioned videos directly to YouTube and Vimeo, and it supports captions in iTunes Store packages. You can now also send a project from Final Cut Pro X to Compressor in a single step, making it easy to create iTunes Store-compliant packages.
Final Cut Pro X 10.4.1 and Motion 5.4.1 now support Apple's new ProRes RAW format, enabling you to work with it natively in both apps. Filmmaker Noam Kroll believes that ProRes RAW will be a big deal for post-production because it lets filmmakers maintain small file sizes without sacrificing the ability to color grade using RAW.
Surprisingly, given its small version number increase, Final Cut Pro X 10.4.1 also offers a slew of improvements for virtual reality, accessibility, audio, the browser, color correction, formats, and more. All three apps now require a minimum of macOS 10.13.2 High Sierra. (Free updates. Otherwise, Final Cut Pro X, $299.99 new, 3.00 GB, release notes, 10.13.2+; Compressor, $49.99 new, 403 MB, release notes, 10.13.2+; Motion, $49.99 new, 2.36 GB, release notes, 10.13.2+)
Actress Brigitte Nielsen is celebrating becoming pregnant with her fifth child at the age of 54. Nielsen broke the news on Instagram on May 30. This is the first child with her husband of 12 years, Italian national Mattia Dessi, 40. The former wife of Sylvester Stallone wrote on Instagram, “Family getting larger. #Me #Family #Brigittenielsen #babybump.” A follow-up post saw Nielsen write, “Happy time. Positive vibes. #Happyness. #Positivevibes.” Both posts showed Nielsen with a considerable baby bump. Her last post before that showed an old photo of her other children when they were younger.
Dessi became first known to the public as a participant on Strange Love in 2005, the VH1 reality show that demonstrated the turbulent romance between Nielsen and rapper Flavor Flav. At the end of the show's run, Nielsen broke up with Flav and opted to be with Dessi.
Here's what you need to know:
1. They Met While He Worked as a Waiter at Hotel in Switzerland
Dessi and Nielsen first met when he worked as a waiter in a hotel in Switzerland in 2004. An Italian news report at the time said that they met in the city of Lugano. By 2006, the couple was married. People Magazine reported at the time of their engagement in 2005, that Dessi was 26 and Nielsen was 41. The article noted that the couple planned to get married in Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic. The problem they faced was that Nielsen was still married to her fourth husband, racing driver Raoul Meyer.
Nielsen eventually married Dessi in Malta in June 2006. Her manager told People Magazine that Nielsen was “pretty excited. She is like a little child. She is pretty happy.”
2. Nielsen Has Said that Despite the Age Difference, Her Husband Is More Mature Than Her
In a 2011 interview with the Guardian, Nielsen was open about her turbulent love life saying, “I still believe in marriage and I have believed in all my marriages, although maybe not the one with Sylvester Stallone as I was really pressured to marry him.” Nielsen added that despite the age difference between her and Dessi, he is more mature than her. Nielsen said, “My current husband, Mattia Dessi, is 15 years younger than me and I'm really happy now. He's probably more mature than me mentally, but physically we're not the same and I do wonder if he will love me when I am 60 and he is 45.”
When asked about the age difference by Corriere Alpi in Italy, Dessi said, “Today, the relationships between mature women and young men are very frequent, and the important thing is that there is an understanding of interests and they are good with each other.” Dessi also spoke about the strange experience it was to be a celebrity all of a sudden, citing an incident where he was stopped at the airport in New York City and asked for an autograph.
3. In an Appearance on a Reality TV Show, Nielsen Admitted to Having Sex With Dessi on a Couch Shortly After They Met
Nielsen admitted in an interview during an appearance on a European reality game show that she and Dessi had sex on a couch shortly after they first met.
When asked what she thought when she first laid eyes on him, Nielsen said, “He was sitting in front of me and I thought, ‘Oh my God: he's so pretty' The eyes, his smile But he looks like a boy He was 25 years old and I was 40… Then we made an appointment in his apartment and we did everything, immediately, all night. Everything, everything, it was so wonderful and he was so sweet, but I always thought: he's too young and now we're twelve years together, and old age has nothing to do with it. No one ever loved me as much as Mattia, it's so honest, because he does not love Brigitte Nielsen, he loves Gitte, I'm so happy, I could cry.”
While Dessi was asked what he thought of Nielsen revealing so much about their sex life. He replied, “Yes, it was a bit quick now that she gets out of it happy that she is happy with our sex life but now she has told everybody. Well, if one person is allowed to talk about sex, it's Brigitte.”
In a 2008 interview with the Daily Star, Nielsen said that she fell in love with Dessi right away but that it took him two months to fall in love with the Rocky IV actress. Nielsen added, “He's 15 years younger than me and delicious. I'm so jealous, I'm madly possessive. I get very bitchy to Mattia. Instead of letting the women know, I take it out on him. It's weird because in my entire life till now I've never been the jealous type. I don't recognize myself.”
4. Dessi Stopped Nielsen's Infamous Drinking
Nielsen has battled alcoholism for most of her public life. In 2007, she checked into rehab in North Hollywood after what was reported as a family intervention. A year later she appeared on VH1's Celebritiy Rehab, after that appearance, producer John Irwin told TV Guide, “She's sober, and she quit smoking. She's doing crazy good.” In an interview with Italian magazine Chi, Nielsen credited Dessi with keeping her sober, “God has sent it to me … I stop stirring a drop of alcohol. Unfortunately, I smoke three cigarettes a day, which is why Mattia reprimands me a lot.” While in her biography, “In Live, Nothing Is Given to You,” Nielsen wrote, “Through Mattia's love, I'm stronger today than ever before and I'm finally looking forward to the future. A future that certainly still has a lot of great things in store for me!”
5. The Couple Lives Quietly in Palm Springs
Records show that Nielsen and Dessi live the quiet life in Palm Springs these days. In 2017, Variety reported that Nielsen had sole hder Hollywood Hills mansion for $1.2 million having bought it in 2011 for $600,000.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A local non-profit made sure a group of widowed women had a special Valentine's Day.
On Tuesday, members of the organization Widow Wednesday hosted a day of pampering for local widowers. The women had their makeup done, receive massages and had a complete spa day.
"This is absolutely fun," said Mary Hibbs, Who has been a widow for 20 years. Hibbs said Valentine's Day was rough for many years. She said Tuesday's spa day was a nice gesture.
"To just be able to come and relax and meet new people and just have fun," she said in excitement.
Every Valentine's Day the organization delivers flowers to the women, but they said this year they wanted to do something extra special.
"Just come over and show that they are loved, they are not forgotten on a day where so many people are grieving the loss of their loved one," said Jimmy Chouteau, the founder of the organization.
You can find more information about the organization by clicking on this link.
Two years ago, criminal Jeremy Meeks was dubbed the “hottest felon” in the world after his police mugshot went viral.
Now the ex-con and Instagram hit has been posting pictures of a luxury lifestyle that prove life after crime does pay.
The 32-year-old poses with a $150,000 Maserati in front of his huge mansion after turning his life around and becoming a full-time model.
Good to be home A photo posted by JEREMY MEEKS (@jmeeksofficial) on Nov 2, 2016 at 4:52pm PDT
The former gang member from California was jailed in 2014 on weapons charges, but his sexy mugshot, posted on the Stockton police Facebook page, had women begging to be “locked up with him” and had modeling agencies lining up at his cell door.
After being released in March last year, the ex-con has been keeping his 612,000 followers up to date on his new career — and it's clearly going well.
The picture of the huge mansion on his Instagram is captioned, “Good to be home.”
Another shot, in which he poses topless in front of the luxury home, reads: “God is good.”
Celebrating our 8 year anniversary today and 50 more to go. Through thick and thin! #blessed #loved #aniversary #marriage A photo posted by JEREMY MEEKS (@jmeeksofficial) on Dec 27, 2016 at 3:59pm PST
More touching pictures show he has been reunited with his wife, Melissa, and children.
Posing with Melissa, he wrote: “Celebrating our 8 year anniversary today and 50 more to go. Through thick and thin! #blessed #loved #aniversary #marriage.”
Another seasonal snap shows the couple with three children by a Christmas tree.
Fans were happy to see that Meeks' life of crime was behind him.
On the Maserati picture, one posted: “Moving on up!”
Another added: “Very nice, proud you are doing well. Your Boys and Wife need you.”
One admirer commented: “No matter what you did always remember, ‘every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.'”
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
This article originally appeared on The Sun.
WASHINGTON — After an extensive search, a U.S. soldier who had been missing for nearly two days in Niger has been found dead, a result of a deadly ambush by dozens of Islamic extremists on a joint patrol of American and Niger forces, U.S. officials said Friday.
The soldier, whose name has not been released, was one of four U.S. troops and four Niger forces killed in the attack.
His body was found by Niger forces on Friday near where the ambush occurred, and then transferred into U.S. custody at a safer location further from the attack site. U.S. officials said his body was moved onto an American helicopter by U.S. forces in a somber ceremony and then taken away for formal identification.
Eight Niger soldiers and two U.S. troops were wounded in the attack, but they were evacuated from the area on Wednesday after the attack unfolded.
U.S. officials described a chaotic assault, as 40-50 extremists in vehicles and on motorcycles fired rocket-propelled grenades and heavy machine guns at the patrol, setting off explosions and shattering windows. The soldiers got out of their trucks, returning fire and calling in support from French helicopters and fighter jets that quickly responded to the scene, according to officials. The officials weren't authorized to discuss the matter publicly so spoke on condition of anonymity.
U.S. officials say they believe extremists linked to the Islamic State group were responsible for the attack about 120 miles north of Niger's capital, Niamey.
The U.S. and Niger forces were leaving a meeting with tribal leaders when they were ambushed. Most of the U.S. troops were Army special forces.
According to a statement by Niger's army chief of staff, the joint patrol was attacked by “terrorist elements” in a dozen vehicles and about 20 motorcycles.
The statement said the deaths and injuries came “after intense fighting, during which elements of the joint force showed exemplary courage.”
U.S. special operations forces have been routinely working with Niger's forces, helping them to improve their abilities to fight extremists in the region. That effort has increased in recent years, the Pentagon said.
Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Burkina Faso and Chad are putting together a 5,000-strong G5 Sahel force to fight the growing threat from extremists in the vast Sahel region. The first units are expected to deploy in October and all battalions should be on the ground by March 2018.
The Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution in June welcoming the deployment, but at U.S. insistence it did not include any possibility of U.N. financing for the force.
That force will operate in the region along with a 12,000-strong U.N. peacekeeping mission in Mali, which has become the deadliest in the world for U.N. peacekeepers, and France's 5,000-strong Barkhane military operation, its largest overseas mission.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — WISH-TV welcomed the Triton Central High School marching band during Friday night's newscast.
They were in WISH-TV studios for the Zone!
Our team visited 23 games across Central Indiana tonight. Tune in to WISH-TV every Friday night for “The Zone” high school football highlights.
For the past five years, area run organizers have been working together to try to ensure every event wins when it reaches the finish line.
This has been achieved through the creation of the RunCK series, which includes a website through the Chatham-Kent web portal at www.chatham-kent.ca.
Local runner Angelo Ligori saw that several organizations were holding runs, so he said, “I got them all together and said, 'Maybe we should do something as a group.'”
He noted Chatham-Kent helped out to develop a web page as a one-stop location to promote and provide information on the several runs that take place across the municipality.
Tom Slager, director of resources for the United Way of Chatham-Kent, said being part of RunCK has created a lot of “schedule stability, which is really great.”
He said all the runs are scheduled around the same time, including the United Way's Harvest Run on Sept. 24, so “it just makes it real easy for everybody to plan and you know you're not stepping on toes.”
Noting it takes months to plan these events, which could be negatively impacted if two are happening at the same time, Slager said, “it just works out really good that we're all on the same page.”
Amy Wadsworth, general manager of the Chatham-Kent YMCA, said the agency's Family Fun Run/Walk kicks off the run series on April 30.
“It's really important to be part of the RunCK series, because it shows community effort, all of us working together with one common goal – to get as many people in our community active,” she said.
“That's really what the RunCK series is working towards,” she added.
Wadsworth said proceeds from the YMCA's race goes to its Strong Kids charity “so that we can help as many in our community as we can who need that hand up.”
This is the fifth year for the Run for Mental Health event, being held May 13, to support programs offered through the Mental Health Network of Chatham-Kent.
Program supervisor Jenny Jackson said a major benefit of being part of the run series is the collaboration between the race organizers.
“We can learn other best practices . . . and what works and doesn't work, so that's a huge bonus,” she said.
Jackson has seen plenty of repeat participants in several of the races.
“I've done pretty much every run in the RunCK series and I've noticed that you have those that run all of the races and you have people who just come out for certain ones, or what can fit into their schedule,” she said.
Mark Childs, with the Defiance Running Club of Wallaceburg, helps organize the WAMBO Run, being held Aug. 12, and the Jingle Bell Run on Dec. 9.
When asked if he's noticed the popularity of running increase, Childs said it's not just more people who are getting into running.
“There are more walkers out there,” he said. “Activity, in general, has increased probably tenfold from five years ago.
“Our club has seen a big surge,” he added, noting it peaked at 192 members.
Childs said there is a social aspect to the Defiance Running Club with people making good friends.
While there are competitive runners, including some who train for marathons, he said the goal is to include everyone.
“If you can't run, don't worry about it, come out and walk.”
eshreve@postmedia.com
@DailyNewsES
--- --- ---
RunCK Series events
April 30 – YMCA Family Fun Run/Walk – with new 3 km event to help introduce people to participating in running events.
May 13 – Run for Mental Health – Held at Kingston Park in Chatham.
June 11 – Trot to the Beach – Goes from Blenheim to Erieau, includes the longest running local half-marathon.
July 9 – Sod Buster Run – organized by University of Guelph, Ridgetown campus.
July 15 – St. Clair River Run – follows St. Clair River through Sombra and Port Lambton.
Aug. 12 – WAMBO Run – Event is held in Wallaceburg featuring a scenic course along the Sydenham River.
Sept. 24 – Chatham-Kent Harvest Run – Organizers are adding new route for those participating in the half-marathon.
Oct. 1 – Chatham-Kent Pumpkin Run. Event is held at Rondeau Provincial Park, organized by the Chatham-Kent Health Alliance.
Oct. 14 – Devil Dash – Event is a fundraiser for Indian Creek Road Public School and has route around nearby Mud Creek trail.
Dec. 9 – Jingle Bell Run – Organized by Defiance Running Club in Wallaceburg.
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — Virginia is now the latest state to start informing families enrolled in the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) that their coverage will be terminated unless Congress reauthorizes the popular health insurance program soon.
On Tuesday, the Virginia Department of Medical Assistance Services will be sending out a letter to 1,114 pregnant women and parents of the 68,495 Virginia children currently enrolled in FAMIS, the name for the state's children's insurance program.
“After delaying these notifications to give Congress as much time to act as possible, Virginia has a responsibility to these families to inform them of the possibility that their coverage could lapse so they can be as prepared as possible to explore alternatives,” said Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe in a statement.
The letter states Virginia's CHIP program will end on Jan. 31, 2018, unless Congress acts.
“For 20 years CHIP has had the strong support of Congress and has been renewed many times. We are hopeful that Congress will once again provide the funding to continue this program,” reads the letter. “However, because Congress has not acted yet, we need to let you know that there is a chance the FAMIS programs may have to shut down.”
Colorado was the first state to send a letter out to CHIP-enrolled families encouraging them to start making contingency plans for their health insurance.
According to an analysis by the Kaiser Family Foundation, 11 states — California, Oregon, Idaho, Nevada, Utah, Arizona, Ohio, Mississippi, Pennsylvania, Connecticut and Hawaii — anticipate running out of funding by the end of the year. Another 21 states, including Virginia, expect their funding to run out soon after the new year.
The two-week continuing resolution passed on Thursday allows for the temporary redistribution of funds by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to states experiencing CHIP funding shortfalls. Seventeen states have received redistribution payments from October to December, totaling $1,161,888,184 per CMS.
“This continues to be a top priority for Chairman [Orrin] Hatch,” a Senate Finance Committee spokesperson told ABC News of CHIP reauthorization. “The Senate Finance Committee reported out a bipartisan bill that would extend funding for five years and provide certainty for families and states. The chairman is continuing to make progress in his discussions on how best to address this issue on the Senate floor and remains confident this will be resolved before the year's end.”
But many states are concerned they're running out of time for families to figure out their finances and alternative health insurance plans.
“You keep hearing from Congress, sure they'll reauthorize it, of course they'll do it. But on the other hand, they don't seem to be taking seriously the consequences of the delay,” Linda Nablo, deputy director of Virginia's Department of Medical Assistance Services, told ABC News. “Causing the least amount of anxiety and chaos for families actually take a lot of work, and states can't continue to live on the promise, ‘We'll get around to it.'”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
And you thought your neighbors were annoying.
Residents of an upscale community in Colorado are angry a nearby home is being used as a venue for wild sex parties for swingers.
Angry dwellers of Castle Rock have complained about “disturbing sounds” coming from the home as well as parking issues and drunken revelers during the events, local station Fox 31 reported.
“Some of them are so old that they struggled walking up the stairs,” one woman from the affluent municipality south of Denver said.
Neighbors said invitations to “Thunderstorm Play Palace” advertise a 7,500-square-foot home for swinger parties with alcohol, food and a chocolate fountain. The fliers also suggest attendees of the invite-only party bring their own condoms and show respect to “the new furniture.”
An online invitation for the event showed 400 guests invited with 87 people, including 35 couples, planning to attend. Admission is a donation of $70 for couples and single men and $20 for solo women, according to the invite.
While neighbors have expressed concern about the noise, most are worried about exposing their children to the sexual nature of the party.
“You can hear people doing what they're doing,” one neighbor said.
The host of the sex parties is a married father and told Fox 31 he has received “significant harassment” from neighbors for hosting the events and said a guest's car was vandalized.
However, the Castle Rock Police Department said the host is not breaking any laws since the events are being held in the privacy of his home and admission is by donation only.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Surgeons pack donated organs on ice while racing them to transplant patients but it may be time for a warmer approach. British researchers said that keeping at least some livers at body temperature instead may work better.
AVON, Ind. (WISH) — A victim is in the hospital and two people in custody after a shooting in Avon.
Officers were called to Avon Village Drive around 10:20 p.m. reference a person shot.
According to Avon Deputy Police Chief Brian Nugent, the shooting happened in the street. A witness is cooperating with police, Nugent said.
When asked the condition of the person shot, Nugent said the victim was undergoing surgery.
Two suspects were in custody on Saturday night, and police said there was no further threat to the public.
It was unclear whether the suspects or the victim resided in the area where the shooting took place, or whether an altercation preceded the shooting.
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa USA
By Hayden Wright
The holidays are a time for gathering with friends, family, and — if you're Lady Gaga — the Haus of Gaga. The Joanne singer and her creative team celebrated Christmas with an array of “naughty elf” costumes this weekend. Gaga's sister dressed up as Mrs. Claus and the “Born This Way” hitmaker dubbed herself “Mistress Claus.”
Related: Lady Gaga Sends Prayers to California Wildfire Victims
Wearing long, pointy ears and a green bodysuit, Gaga merged the festive with the provocative. Her squad explored the theme in felt tree costumes, velvet capes and other campy fashions of the North Pole.
“We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears!” Gaga captioned the Instagram album. The singer is currently on tour promoting Joanne and preparing for the 2018 release of the film A Star Is Born. It was recently announced that Gaga would use her given name—Stefani Germanotta—in credits for the film.
Gaga wishes you a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year, here:
Are you on the naughty or nice list this year? #holiday #holidayparty #merrychristmas #happyholidays #naughty #nice #ladygaga #gaga A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 9:17pm PST
Happy Holidays from the #HausOfGaga. We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears! 🎄🎅🤶 #holiday #ladygaga #gaga #party photo by @alex.j.dolan A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 8:12pm PST
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Police are investigating a two-vehicle crash Thursday in the Northland that sent money flying across the highway.
It happened just before noon along eastbound 152-Highway, just feet before the Shoal Creek Parkway intersection.
Police say a Brink's truck was stopped when a black pickup truck slammed into the back of it. The Brink's truck busted open and sent money onto the highway.
The driver of the black pickup truck was taken to the hospital with serious injuries.
Traffic is backed up along eastbound 152-Highway to North Brighton Avenue. If you can, avoid the area.
Police initially told FOX4 the driver of the pickup truck died, but they now say he has serious injuries.
The NBA's 2017-18 regular-season schedule was released Monday, and per usual, it featured 1,230 games, all of which we knew were coming.
But we didn't know the order, and the order is important. The NBA did a few things differently this year, and every team will be impacted somehow. Let's take a look at what you need to know:
1. No more four games in five nights!
Per NBA: Since 2014-15 season, four-in-fives for the entire NBA have been cut from 70 to zero:
14-15: 70
15-16: 27
16-17: 20
17-18: 0 — Jeff Zillgitt (@JeffZillgitt) August 14, 2017
This is a stark contrast that pretty much everyone around the NBA wanted, but you have to give the league a lot of credit for the logistical difficulties undertook in making this happen.
2. Way fewer back-to-backs.
Since the 2014-15 season, back-to-backs have been reduced by 26%: '14-15: 19.3 per team
'15-16: 17.8
'16-17: 16.3
'17-18: 14.4 — Sean Cunningham (@SeanCunningham) August 14, 2017
This might make gamblers shake their heads, as “SEGABABA” (second game of a back-to-back) situations were often easier money.
3. The biggest games are extra-protected.
As expected, no team playing in an ABC game has a game the day before or after. In other words: if guys are healthy, they're going to play. — Tim Bontemps (@TimBontemps) August 14, 2017
The NBA has also “protected” 22 national TV games: neither team will be playing on a back to back, or a fifth game in seven nights. — David Aldridge (@daldridgetnt) August 14, 2017
Good news for the league's most prominent games, even if not all of the national TV games are great.
4. The Suns have the toughest schedule, Cavs easiest
Every NBA team's 2017-18 strength of schedule ranked by 2016-17 W-L% and Pythagorean Expectation. Suns toughest, Cavaliers easiest. pic.twitter.com/DR11MeuWNW — Yaya Dubin (@JADubin5) August 15, 2017
Jared Dubin broke down strength of schedule (based on last year's results, so obviously teams like the Timberwolves are not considered as tough as they should be) in even more detail on Twitter.
5. So many Warriors and Cavs, but also Rockets.
By my preliminary/quick count, teams w/most games on TNT, ABC, ESPN, NBA TV:
Warriors 43
Cavs, Rockets 40
Thunder 36
Lakers 35
Celtics 33 — Jeff Zillgitt (@JeffZillgitt) August 14, 2017
Turns out assembling one of the greatest backcourts ever pays dividends in national exposure.
6. Some teams had really cool releases.
Man, that's cool. And the Hawks brought back their own classic.
This year's schedule: 🐴🐝🥅🔥🎯⛏💵🔔🚀⚔️☘️🚘🔮🐦👑☘️🤠✂️🗽🇨🇦⚔️🥅🥅🎩🎩🗽⚔️🚘🐻🔥🏎🌩🐴🔮🇨🇦👣☀️👣🌊✂️⛏🥅🤠🐦🎯🎵🇨🇦🐝🔮🐺🐝☘️🗽🐻🎩⚔️🚘💵🚘🏎🌊🏎🏆☀️🇨🇦🏎🎯🌩🐝💵🎵👑🏆🚀🐺🔔🎩🔥🔥🔮☘️🔔 — Atlanta Hawks (@ATLHawks) August 14, 2017
7. Poor Bulls.
All you need to know about where the Chicago Bulls stand: 25 national TV games in 2016-17.
1 national TV game in 2017-18. — Micah Adams (@MicahAdams13) August 14, 2017
Remember the hype about the Rajon Rondo-Dwyane Wade-Jimmy Butler trio? (No, we didn't buy it either, but apparently the league's TV partners did.)
Weird twist: That one national game (not counting NBATV) is on ESPN. That means the Bulls' bizarre 20-game TNT-broadcast winning streak will stay alive for another season.
8. Yes, the Cavs and Warriors play twice.
Cleveland at Golden State on Christmas (ABC) — and Warriors at Cavs on Jan. 15 (TNT). — Jeff Goodman (@GoodmanESPN) August 14, 2017
Guessing the ratings will be pretty good. Here's USA TODAY Sports' Sam Amick's breakdown of all the big games this season.
9. They're numbering weeks.
In new feature to help fans better follow storylines and upcoming games, schedule is labeled by weeks, starting w/Week 1 & ending w/Week 26. — Jeff Zillgitt (@JeffZillgitt) August 14, 2017
This doesn't appear to change anything, but the idea is to give more weight to Player of the Week awards and break the NBA season into more digestible units.
Liz Braun, Postmedia Network Apr 17, 2017
It only took 20 years for Brie Larson to become an overnight success.
The Oscar-winning star of the drama Room and the future Captain Marvel herself has been acting since she was a child.
At age six, the Sacramento native became the youngest student ever to attend the American Conservatory Theatre in San Francisco.
Acting in childhood, Larson says, “Was a playground for me to be able to express all these things that were confusing to me, or things I wanted to know more about, to try on different people, different ways of doing things."
The self-described shy child began her career in television. She made her film debut in the 1999 movie, Special Delivery, and appeared in such films as 13 Going on 30, Sleepover and Hoot, graduating to roles in Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, 21 Jump Street, Rampart and The Spectacular Now; on television, she starred in the United States of Tara, among other projects.
In 2013, Larson, 27, was in two films — Don Jon and Short Term 12 — that brought her critical attention. Trainwreck and Room made 2015 a ‘breakout' year for the young actress, and she is currently in theatres starring in Kong: Skull Island.
Later this year, Larson will make her feature directorial debut with Unicorn Store; she also stars in the movie alongside Samuel L. Jackson, Joan Cusack and Bradley Whitford.
This week, Larson's new movie, Free Fire, opens in theatres. The blackly comic crime caper from director Ben Wheatley (Kill List) is a shoot ‘em up about a small arms deal gone wrong; Larson stars in Free Fire with Armie Hammer, Sharlto Copley, Cillian Murphy and Noah Taylor.
Martin Scorsese is the executive producer.
We spoke to Brie Larson when she was at the Toronto International film festival to promote Free Fire.
Had you encountered director Ben Wheatley in the past?
“I had watched his films. You hear good things from other actors.”
Wheatley has said the game Counter Strike was one source of inspiration for Free Fire.
“It did feel like a long game of Laser Tag. [Laughs]. It's really entertaining, but there's a lot more going on under the surface.”
And it was shot in Brighton. You must be travelling the world these days?
“That's just how it goes. At least it's usually a couple of months in one spot, which is usually enough to get a handle on a place. I'm grateful for that. And I love the fact I've worked in so many places. But we're always constantly moving around, so that's why certain moments, like a banquet or a gala or an awards' ceremony, when you see someone again, it's an amazing chance! It's like a reunion because you run into so many people. Recently I was shooting in Montreal and Jen Lawrence was shooting at the same time and it was incredible that we got to spend weekends together. We were like, ‘How could we be so lucky?' You get so used to being on your own, and exploring a new place and meeting new people all the time, so it's such a treat when there's a friend there.”
Can we talk about change in your life? A year ago you were here to promote Room, and now you have an Oscar for that movie. And a huge public profile.
“I think it's kind of a typical thing — a year later, so much has changed and so much has stayed the same. A lot of things about my public persona have changed, in that more people know what my face looks like, but all of the intimate details — like my private life, the friends I have, how I take my coffee — that's all the same. It's an intriguing experience being back here after a year, because I'm the same, but I've noticed that my public perception has changed.”
That public perception is going to change again with your Captain Marvel role, right?
"That wasn't my motivation for doing it. I have very specific reasons for doing film, and they don't have to do with me, or getting my face plastered on more objects. It's about the material. And movies live on and can be places I can't, and I want to be conscious about what that is that I'm presenting to the world. And what those representations of life are, and how they're being shared. And obviously, Marvel is such an incredible platform to be able to share in storytelling, and I think that what Captain Marvel represents, and what this film is shaping up to be, has a message that's undeniably important to the world right now.”
How do you feel about this sudden flood of attention on you?
“I'm a pretty private person; so much of my day-to-day is much the same. The beauty of being a 20-year overnight success is that I've had a lot of time to have a clear understanding of what I'm interested in and why it fills me up. This job can be really draining on one side, because it's a lot of giving. You're giving emotionally when you're playing a character, you're giving emotionally when you're doing interviews, when you're meeting with fans. It's an act of service. You have to find a way to balance it up with things that are for yourself, that fill you back up again. I feel like I'm still learning about that balance, because the output is more than what it was. But my overall life is the same. I'm in the same body I was always in.”
Is this film festival in Toronto different for you now?
“This TIFF experience is bizarre. [Laughs] It's like, a year ago I could walk around anywhere and nobody cared what I was doing. That's a weird, sort of, out-of-body experience now that I'm the same, but everyone around me has sort of changed. But it's wonderful! I'm so incredibly grateful for this last year and for what TIFF has brought into my life.”
Twitter: @LizBraunSun
LBraun@postmedia.com
---
REMEMBER THIS?
Brie Larson is such a chameleon that you've likely seen her in more than a few films without even realizing it.
Here are five Brie Larson movies you forgot she was in:
RIGHT ON TRACK (2003)
In this made for TV Disney movie, baby-faced Larson and Beverley Mitchell starred as Courtney and Erica Enders, real-life drag-racing sisters who challenged a male dominated sport and won.
HOOT (2006)
Larson and Logan Lerman star as dedicated kids trying to protect an endangered species of owl from a massive construction project. Luke Wilson plays a cop; also with Tim Blake Nelson, Cody Linley.
TANNER HALL (2009)
This is cheating, because the movie was never really released into theatres. But still — here's Larson starring with Rooney Mara, Amy Seders and Tom Everett Scott in a coming of age (and sexual awakening) drama about a girls' boarding school.
21 JUMP STREET (2012)
How could you forget? In this comedy about two moronic young cops sent to work undercover in a high school, Larson plays Jonah Hill's adorable love interest.
THE GAMBLER (2014)
Larson is the spunky love interest opposite Mark Wahlberg in the story of a literature professor leading a double life — as a gambling addict. Larson plays one of Wahlberg's students, but she also works part-time in a casino, so she knows both sides of his story. Drama also stars Jessica Lange and John Goodman.
-Liz Braun
With Turkey's constitutional reform passed with a wafer-thin majority, political peace seems pretty much off the cards for some time. Opposition parties are trying to get the result scrapped, while President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is as pugnacious as ever.
The official results, which gave the Yes vote 51.41 per cent and the No 48.59, showed Turkey's three largest cities – Ankara, Istanbul and Izmir – voting against and much of the Kurdish south-east opposed by two to one.
That would seem to show a geographical polarisation, which is also reflected along ethnic and class lines.
“We have a phrase in Turkey, ‘split in two like a water melon',” says Cigdem Toker, an op-ed writer for the Cumhuriyet newspaper. “Usually politicians encourage polarisation for propaganda purposes but this time it happened of its own accord. It's at its highest level ever.”
Fatih Sonmez, a lawyer and activist in the Justice and Development Party (AKP) who campaigned for a Yes vote, does not see it that way.
AKP activist Fatih Sonmez Tony Cross
“No, I don't think it's a polarisation, that's the way democracy works. When you vote on just two options, that's what happens. It's the same in the US, it's the same in Europe. I think this result will force both sides to cooperate with each other.”
Toker blames the AKP for exacerbating tensions between devout Muslims and secular Turks.
“They even offered entry to heaven for voting Yes,” she says. “They used religion in their campaign. Most of the people who voted Yes didn't read what changes were being proposed. I saw that on the ground.”
Press restrictions weighed on campaign
International observers on Monday commented that the campaign was not a fair fight.
"The referendum took place on an unlevel playing field and the two sides of the campaign did not have equal opportunities," said Cezar Florin Preda of the joint mission of the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR) and the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (Pace).
One factor in that inequality was restriction of freedom of the press, which has become more intense since last year's failed military coup.
Cumhuriyet has suffered badly in that battle, Toker says.
Cumhüriyet columnist Cigdem Toker Tony Cross
“Eleven of our staff have been in jail for five months, two of them are the office boy, who posted our letters and things like that, and our accountant. That's just for our paper. There are more than 150 journalists in prison now.”
She also points to the imprisonment of the leaders of the pro-Kurd People's Democratic Party (HDP), “harassment” of No campaigners and the use of state resources, including helicopters, planes and buses, by the Yes campaign, which was headed by a president who breached his current constitutional obligation to impartiality.
Death penalty and Europe
No sooner was the result announced than Erdoğan repeated his intention to try to bring back the death penalty, saying he was ready to call another referendum if the move fails to win a majority in parliament.
French President François Hollande on Monday declared that would be a break with European values.
No country with the death penalty can be a member of the European Union, which Turkey has been trying to join for the past 50 years.
So is this a definitive end to those attempts?
It could be, according to Somnez.
“We scrapped the death penalty several years ago and we still weren't allowed to join the EU. Maybe a relationship with the EU without becoming a member is preferable to being kept waiting at the door and never allowed in.”
“OK, President Erdoğan is a strong figure and a dominant one,” Toker concedes. “But just because he says these things it doesn't mean the whole Turkish people are turning their backs on Europe.”
The EU is by far Turkey's biggest trade partner, so the business-friendly AKP may not be able to make a decisive break with the bloc, she warns.
Kurdish conflict
The long-running conflict in the Kurdish-majority south-east also weighed heavily on the referendum result.
The AKP kept the support of some conservative Kurds but the majority of Turkey's largest ethnic minority are deeply resentful of Erdoğan's ending of peace talks with the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) in 2015.
Sonmez admits he does not know what steps the president will take next but argues that the constitutional change will mean an improvement.
“The great disadvantage in the past was that we couldn't have a consistent policy on terrorism,” he says. “Whatever happens, whether it's a new peace process or getting tougher on the terrorist groups, it will be consistent for at least five years.”
“The No vote in the Kurdish region was a reaction to the government's military solution,” Toker argues.
“We know that we can't solve this issue by killing each other. We need to communicate and we tried during the peace processes. For two years no-one died and it was peaceful. After the peace process was suspended people started to get killed again. For me, politics is to make fewer people die. People like us know that but I hope the politicians know that human beings' lives are much more important than their careers."
Nahdia Baker was facing over a dozen charges — and on most of those — the jury said she was not guilty.
Woman who accused ex of cyber-spying receives no reward There will be no cash payout for a New York anesthesiologist who sued her physician ex-husband because he accessed her e-mails for seven years as they separated, divorced and sparred...
Woman accusing ex of email hacking gets grilled A grueling cross-examination made for a tough day on the witness stand for the anesthesiologist who is accusing her physician ex-husband of snooping on her e-mails for seven years. In...
Hospital worker: Ex-husband's email snooping violated patient rights It was a new low — even for her already sneaky, abusive ex-husband. A New York anesthesiologist testified Wednesday that she was “completely shocked” to learn that her physician husband...
Woman claims ex hacked her emails to spy on her A Westchester doctor infiltrated his wife's email account — turning it into a “Trojan horse'' that mined for details of her personal life to use against her while they were...
Frustrations were understandably high on the Grizzlies bench as Memphis dropped Game 2, 96-82, to the Spurs on Monday night, but Memphis coach David Fizdale should probably expect a hefty fine.
After the loss, Fizdale absolutely unloaded on the officials in his postgame press conference, pointing out the free-throw disparity and calling the officiating “unprofessional.”
Grizz coach David Fizdale unloads on the referees pic.twitter.com/ibPcWvpyc1 — CJ Fogler (@cjzero) April 18, 2017
He said:
“I'm not gonna let them treat us that way. I know Pop's got pedigree and I'm a young rookie, but they're not gonna rook us. That's unacceptable. That's unprofessional. My guys dug in that game and earned the right to be in that game. And they did not even give us a chance. Take that for data!”
The Spurs shot 31 of 32 from the free-throw line on Monday while Memphis attempted just 15 free throws. Kawhi Leonard had 19 attempts on his own and made all 19 from the stripe. The Grizzlies players were clearly upset with the refs during the game, and Fizdale stood up for his team.
Fizdale may just be a first-year head coach, but that rant will certainly rank up there with the NBA's most memorable press conference tirades.
Coach Fitz's check should be made out to A. Silver, c/o NBA, Olympic Tower, New York, NY. — David Aldridge (@daldridgetnt) April 18, 2017
“Take that for data!” What an ending.
More from USA TODAY Sports.
Last month, MarketWatch used a chart overlay to illustrate how the stock market under John F. Kennedy has closely followed its performance over the same time frame with Donald Trump in the White House. Fast forward three weeks and, as of Wednesday's close, the S&P 500 SPX, -1.42% in relative terms, sat almost exactly where it did at this point during Kennedy's administration.
If the trend persists—a HUGE if, of course—prepare for some rather steep losses in the coming weeks. Perhaps it's already started, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -1.35% down nearly 600 points at its Thursday low.
“After 328 trading days since election day, the Trump S&P 500 sits right on top of the JFK S&P 500,” the blogger behind the Global Macro Monitor wrote. ”The index, 328 trading days after the election day of each president, is less than five basis points within one another. Rather stunning, don't you think?”
Here's what it looks like:
It isn't just a coincidence, either, according to the blogger, who says the current S&P has the same theme, setup, and backdrop as the JFK postelection rally and bear market in 1961-62. He also warned that the fundamental drivers of the recent declines are uncannily similar to those of the 1987 rout.
The chart shows stocks losing almost 30% of their value in the coming weeks before bottoming out in June. A stretch? Maybe.
But the Global Macro Monitor isn't ruling it out.
“Of course, they will not track perfectly, but they are thus far rhyming with each other on fairly consistent basis,” the blogger wrote, referencing the quote often attributed to Mark Twain that history “doesn't repeat itself but it often rhymes.”
A Staten Island courtroom erupted in cheers Tuesday when a judge sentenced a killer babysitter to 23 years in prison, calling it “the most disturbing case” he'd ever handled, according to reports and court documents.
“Why would anyone want to do this to an innocent 17-month-old child?” Supreme Court Justice Wayne Ozzie said during the sentencing hearing for Gloria Fields, the Staten Island Advance reported.
Fields, 32, tortured, beat and sexually assaulted Anthony Delgado while he was in her care from Feb. 19 to Feb. 21, 2016, ultimately killing the baby boy, according to a Staten Island DA's press release.
“Gloria Fields systematically tortured [the] toddler she was babysitting, slowing killing him,” the office said. “The child's injuries were sustained over a course of the three days and … [covered] all of the child's body with the exception of his feet.”
Fields killed Delgado by violently shaking him, throwing him into hard surfaces and slamming his head into the ground while he was strapped into his stroller, the document said.
The crowd cheered when Ozzie told Fields that there was “no guarantee” she would get out of prison.
If you've decided once and for all that you can't stand another video pre-roll commercial or flashing and blinking advert on the side of the article you're reading, it may be time to install an ad blocker. But which one? There are plenty of apps and extensions that block pop ups, so we dug through them all to pick out the best ad blockers for Chrome.
It's important to note when you install an ad blocker though, that many of the world's free websites, Digital Trends included, rely on advertising revenue to operate. If you want your favorite sites to continue working as you see them now, make sure to whitelist the ones you love.
As one of the most widely used ad blockers in the world, we would be remiss if we didn't at least give a passing mention to Adblock. With its very on-the-nose name and long-running availability, it's often what people turn to when they consider blocking adverts online today.
The AdBlock extension for Chrome works automatically, blocking adverts on static web pages and online video sites like Youtube. It also lets you set up whitelists of sites and advert types to allow through the filter if you so choose. Through its filter list subscription system, you can customize your web browsing experience so that only ads you like are shown, or untick everything and have just about everything blocked.
You can even have it remove other web-page aspects you find distasteful, like social networking links, and protect you against some malware attacks.
Adblock does participate in the “Acceptable Ads” initiative, so there are adverts it allows through (if you choose) that meet certain requirements. AdBlock is also known to a BS little resource heavy too, especially if you like to have a lot of tabs open at one time and there have been some claims of it not blocking Youtube adverts particularly well.
Arguably not the best ad blocker on our list, AdBlock remains a solid choice, but don't be afraid to look elsewhere.
AdBlock Plus is the original granddaddy of blocking adverts online and it's still just as popular today as it was when it first took the web by storm. Combining blocking technology that takes out banner adverts video pre-roll ads, social networking ads, and popups, it offers a comprehensive ad blocking service to all who install its Chrome extension.
With an easy-to-navigate interface and customizable filter list, you can decide exactly what adverts you want to see and which ones you never want to see again. Its whitelisting function lets you make sure your favorite sites still display ads so they can continue to operate and if you allow acceptable ads you can let a few through automatically to help sites that stick to the rules.
One problematic element of AdBlock Plus is that reportedly it accepts payments from some advertisers to automatically whitelist their adverts. You can still opt-out of them, but it is an opt-out, rather than an opt-in system.
Entirely free and open source, UBlock Origin is another popular ad blocking extension for Google Chrome because it does a great job at blocking the ads without taxing your system in the process. With more than 10 million users as of 2017, it remains one of the most well-used ad blockers out there today.
Utilizing similar block lists to AdBlock Plus, UBlock offers comparable blocking capabilities but by leveraging surveying what style resources are required for individual web pages, it is able to be more efficient in its operation. It has also been noted for its specific ability to counter pesky pop-under adverts which have become more common as more browsers come with their own pop-up blockers.
Users can also leverage UBlock's own filters for ads, badware, and privacy concerns, as well as their own custom created filters. Individual sites can be whitelisted by hitting the big power-button inside the tool itself, and there are detailed stat breakdowns to let you know how effective a tool it has been since installation.
Another popular ad blocker for Chrome is AdGuard. Capable of effectively blocking almost all kinds of ads across static web pages, video streaming sites, and social networks, AdGuard even keeps an eye out for pop-up and pop-under ads too.
The lightweight Chrome extension has additional options for blocking tracking and the installation of nefarious software like dialers, adware and other malware. One of its biggest claims to fame is its ability to speed up your web browsing experience and reduce your bandwidth by cutting back on all the needless clutter that comes along with some ads and trackers.
Some users have reported annoying notifications that try to encourage you to purchase the premium version, but other than that, AdGuard has near universally positive reviews from its millions of users.
Although it operates a little differently to some of the other ad blockers on this list, Ghostery is still a very useful tool for customizing your web browsing experience to how you like it. Its primary function is blocking web trackers and analytics tools that harvest information about you, but it also has its own effective ad blocker.
What really draws people to Ghostery over some of the other available alternatives is its deeper options for users. If you want to block specific trackers or advert types, you can. To make that easy, even for those new to the idea, Ghostery breaks down every page you visit with detailed information of the types of trackers and adverts being employed by that particular site. You can then remove elements at will, or make wider, sweeping blocks.
The only real drawback of Ghostery is that you do need to spend some time to tell it how you want it to operate. While other ad blockers function well enough all-in, if you try to do that with Ghostery you may find many aspects of the web non-functional. Take a little time to get it right though and Ghostery may become your favorite tool for customizing your web browsing experience.
Other considerations
Pi-Hole
If you want to go well beyond just blocking adverts in Chrome, Pi-Hole offers an advanced solution that will block adverts on all devices browsing the web in your home. You'll need a Raspberry Pi to do it and some measure of technical expertise, but it works by funnelling all your internet traffic through the Pi and filtering the content that reaches your devices.
Using the web-interface you can manage your browsing experience on any device, monitor traffic and ads blocked, as well as reduce the load on your network by blocking ads before they're even downloaded. It's an advanced solution but one to consider for those really fed up with the modern state of internet browsing.
ScriptSafe
No ad blocker is 100 percent effective. Sometimes those little videos buried somewhere in a tab you've forgotten about sneak through and sometimes a script runs in the background without you even knowing. One of the most effective ways to stop them in their tracks is to use ScriptSafe. Although it's not quite as effective as the likes of NoScript on Firefox, ScriptSafe does an excellent job of blocking most Java, JavaScript, and other scripts that run automatically on websites you visit.
Do take note however, that it can be a little heavy-handed and block content you legitimately wanted to view. Fortunately, there are customization options and manual commands for running them as and when you like.
Malwarebytes
If you're looking to block adverts because you are concerned about their potential to spread malware as well as annoyance, a standard advert blocker may not be enough. Tools like MalwareBytes with active real-time protection against redirects and malicious sites can go a long way to protecting you online and can augment already installed advertising blockers like the ones recommended above.
An anti-Kremlin journalist who reportedly had been shot and killed outside his apartment in Kiev showed up at a news conference in Ukraine after officials said they faked his death to catch the people trying to kill him, according to a report on Wednesday.
Arkady Babchenko appeared at the news conference called by the head of the Ukrainian Security Service to thank everyone who was mourning his death, the Associated Press reported.
The national police said Babchenko, 41, who fled Russia last year, was shot a number of times in the back and was found by his wife.
Babchenko, known as one of Russia's best war reporters, spoke about having to leave the country because of threats that he and his family would be harmed.
This report previously appeared at NYPost.com.
From Gary Thomas
PLACERVILLE, Ca. (February 14, 2017) — One of the questions that's always brought up around the dirt track circles is undoubtedly, “How can we get kids involved and excited about racing from a young age?”
The Elk Grove Ford Sprint Car Challenge Tour presented by Abreu Vineyards certainly takes that important issue to heart and will attempt to do its part in hopes to get the younger generation involved. With that comes the announcement of the Kids Dash for Cash, which will be held at all 13 SCCT events this season.
The Sprint Car Challenge Tour presents Kids Dash for Cash will work as follows:
Each night a limited number of kids, ages four to ten, will have the opportunity to head on track (time permitting) just before the RacePartsTrader.com Dash draw for sprint car drivers. At that point 2000 nickels will be dropped on the racetrack and the youngsters will have a chance to pick up and keep as many coins as they can. If time becomes an issue the Kids Dash for Cash will be held at a selected area near the grandstands.
The plan is for the Sprint Car Challenge Tour social team to have wrist bands available at a pre-designated area, and the kids that acquire them will be allowed to participate. The hope is to have a different set of children at each race.
Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series driver and sprint car graduate Kyle Larson spoke about the Kids Dash for Cash and the opportunity it presents, “I definitely think the best thing that short track racing can do is find ways to get kids involved. We need to continue building the next generation of fans and the best way to do that is to incorporate the young ones into the show as much as possible. My mom heard of this nickel toss while at I-55 Raceway in Pevely, Missouri and we thought it may be kind of cool to try in California. Hopefully the kids all enjoy it and it creates a memorable experience at the track.”
The SCCT Kids Dash for Cash is made possible thanks to a number of individuals and companies that have come on board to support it. Each child participating will also receive a custom water bottle courtesy of Light up the World Beverages. Light up the World Beverages bottles are great for birthday parties, gender reveal parties and any type of special event or celebration. To learn more about the unique company that is rapidly gaining steam visit them at https://www.lutwb.com/
Nightly partners include:
April 1 Antioch Speedway- M & L Plumbing
April 15 Placerville Speedway- Mancamp Motorsports
April 21 Thunderbowl Raceway- Owen Larson Racing
April 29 Petaluma Speedway- Mason Moore Racing
May 27 Stockton Dirt Track- San Joaquin Asparagus Festival
June 17 Antioch Speedway- Probilt Construction
June 24 Calistoga Speedway- Rico Abreu Racing
July 2 Stockton Dirt Track- Kyle Larson Racing
July 3 Petaluma Speedway- Thomas Family
July 29 Fernley 95A Speedway- Probilt Construction
August 25 Placerville Speedway- Finley Farms
August 26 Stockton Dirt Track- MAJ1K Motorsports
November 4 Stockton Dirt Track- $600 Night
The final event of the year in Stockton on November 4 will then see an expanded Kids Dash for Cash. Thanks to the support of the year-long partners who have all agreed to come together and make the Tribute to Gary Patterson a mega Kids Dash for Cash, $600 worth of nickels, and quarters, will be available to the youngsters that night.
“We believe this will be a fun part of the evening for families that attend our Sprint Car Challenge Tour events,” commented Scott Russell of Russell Motorsports Inc., managing company of both SCCT and the Placerville Speedway. “It's no secret that the fan base continues to age, so getting these kids excited about sprint car racing is an important thing. We have a great group of the racers in Northern California and building that fan interaction is something we're going to focus on.”
The Sprint Car Challenge Tour is proudly sponsored by Elk Grove Ford, Abreu Vineyards, Hoosier Racing Tires, Bianchi Farms, Kyle Larson Racing, All Star Performance, ART Speed Equipment, BR Motorsports, King Racing Products, Auto Meter, Bullard Construction, Chris Kenner Racing Specialties/ Security Race Products, CRV Carbon Solutions, Flying Squirrel, Garth Moore Insurance and Financial Services, Jockos Sprint Parts, Light Up the World Beverages, LRB Inc., Menne Hay Inc., Moto Wear, Metal Works, Naake Suspension, Pit Stop USA, PT Shocks, RacePartsTrader.com and Sellers Race Wings.
More information on the Elk Grove Ford Sprint Car Challenge Tour presented by Abreu Vineyards can be found at our official website www.sprintcarchallengetour.com – Be sure to also like us on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/sprintcarchallengetour and follow-on Twitter https://twitter.com/360SCCT for the latest breaking news regarding SCCT.
The children pile into the stadium in shiny clothes, clutching green-and-white Pakistani flags. Their parents light the area with cell phones to record the event as they scream, chant and cheer, watching soldiers close a gate that separates India from Pakistan.
In the evening ritual at the Wagah-Attari border, near Lahore and Amritsar, soldiers from both countries high-kick, shake their fists, then shake hands – and slam the gate shut.
It is deeply visceral for many Pakistanis: an acknowledgement of their border, of a plucky country they feel they have sacrificed so much to create.
Pakistan was imagined more than 70 years ago by a stern, British-educated, whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer. Muhammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a nation as cosmopolitan as he was. He led the fight to carve the country out of British-ruled India. In a new, independent India, Muslims were fearful that they would be dominated by a Hindu majority.
But in the decades since, the sense of who is a citizen in the Muslim state hasn't been resolved. The question has come at a high price: Although Pakistan's constitution specifies the protection of minority rights, "the government limited freedom of religion," according to the State Department. The country's tiny minorities of Sikhs, Christians and Hindus are vulnerable to persecution. Certain laws, such as blasphemy laws, are often used to target them.
Within the Muslim community as well, the definition of who exactly is a Muslim has narrowed.
The seeds of Pakistan's intolerance were sown within the country's very ideology as a Muslim state, says Taimur Rehman, a political scientist at the Lahore University of Management Sciences.
That intolerance was "inherent in the very way in which Pakistan was created and the very purpose which it was supposed to serve of being a Muslim state," he says. "By its very definition, it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one," he says, referring to Muslims and Hindus. "And it's very easy for that community to be narrowed further."
Over the decades, he argues, the narrowing has been exacerbated by the military, Pakistan's most powerful institution, which cultivated hard-line Islamists to wage a jihad in the disputed region of Kashmir, among other things.
This has given right-wing religious groups outsize influence. "Despite never having won an election," Rehman says, "they are nonetheless able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment."
Perhaps none have suffered more than members of a small Muslim sect, known as Ahmadis, whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam. They played a key role in founding Pakistan. They are a community of over-achievers: An Ahmadi physicist, Abdus Salam, received one of only two Nobel prizes awarded to Pakistanis.
But the state declared Ahmadis as heretics via a constitutional amendment in the 1970s and restricted their rights further in the 1980s. They're not allowed to call themselves Muslims, and can't refer to their houses of worship as mosques. Over the years, militants have attacked their mosques and targeted them in killings.
In a leafy suburb near Lahore, the Khans live in a two-story home behind a high gate that's firmly bolted. Mrs. Khan stands on the balcony every morning, waiting for her husband to return from prayers at their local mosque. She's terrified that somebody will kill him.
"We are frightened," she says. "For the life." (Her first name isn't being published out of concern for the family's safety.)
Most of her family already fled overseas.
So far, Mrs. Khan insists on staying. She runs a clinic that dispenses free medicine to her poorer neighbors. "If I go, the people will suffer," she says.
She doesn't want to "just sit and eat" in exile. "This is not the meaning of life."
She's also worried about her nephew. Twice, somebody threw a note into his house warning him to convert to Sunni Islam — or die. He hides out here when he's afraid.
He repeatedly tried to flee Pakistan – but he says the U.K., Sweden and Canada all rejected applications.
The roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state, says Anam Zakariya, an oral historian in Islamabad.
She traces it back to Pakistan's birth story – at the time of Partition, in 1947, when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan. Mobs raped and butchered each other — around a million people died.
But Zakariya says those events are pushed aside. Pakistan focuses on celebrating its creation – and emphasizes how Muslims were victims.
"Now if it's your biggest victory to date," Zakariya says, "you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians — Hindus and Sikhs."
It's to drive home the point: "And that's why there was a need to create Pakistan."
There are challenges emerging to that narrative. In a sprawling park in the heart of noisy, smoggy Lahore, a museum will soon open that will look at Partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it. It's a collaboration between the Citizens Archive of Pakistan, a nonprofit, and the government of Punjab, Pakistan's most populous province.
"This is the first place in the entire country where you'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced," says Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, an Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker and head of the Citizens Archive.
Being exposed to stories from survivors of Partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan, she believes, but it's a race against time – the people who lived through Partition are fading away.
And 70 years on, the very idea of what Pakistan is meant to be – an Islamic state, in opposition to Hindu-dominated India – feels hard to shake.
Near the museum construction site, the Abdul Aziz family huddles under a shelter as a sudden summer rain drenches the park. Their patriarch, Yousef, isn't sure of his age, but says he used to work in fields alongside Hindus – and so he predates Partition. When the Hindus left Pakistan, he said, Muslims became free.
"We are now in a country where we can say, 'There is no God but God and Muhammed is his messenger,'" he says, reciting the Muslim declaration of faith.
In Pakistan, he says, "There is no idolatry" – a reference to polytheist Hinduism.
His granddaughters Sania, 22, and Aya, 19, nod in agreement. He says he's proud of Pakistan, which he describes as a "fort of Islam" where it's safe for his grandchildren to grow up.
Sania says she's not interested in a museum. She's already heard her grandfather's stories of Partition, and she'll tell them one day to her own children.
Besides, she says, "I know history — the Islamic history of Pakistan."
1. THE BASICS
Tipoff: 7:30 p.m. Monday at Oracle Arena. TV: CSN Bay Area. Radio: KGMZ 95.7 “The Game” in Oakland and San Francisco, KRTY 95.3 in San Jose, KION 1460 and 101.1 in Salinas and Monterey.
2. THE RECORDS
Warriors: 46-9, No. 1 in the Western Conference by four games over San Antonio.
Kings: 24-32, No. 9 in the Western Conference, 1½ games behind No. 8 Denver, half a game ahead of No. 10 Portland, 1½ games ahead of No. 11 Dallas, two games ahead of No. 12 New Orleans and three games ahead of No. 13 Minnesota.
3. WHAT HAVE THEY DONE LATELY?
Warriors: Lost to the hot-shooting Denver Nuggets 132-110 in a battle of shorthanded teams at the Pepsi Center. Coming off the emotional victory at Oklahoma City, the Warriors were shorthanded and flat on a night when the Nuggets tied an NBA record with 24 3-pointers. Denver matched the Houston Rockets' mark on only 40 attempts (60 percent). It took the Rockets 61 attempts to get their 24. The Warriors were playing without Klay Thompson (sore right arch), Shaun Livingston (personal reasons), Zaza Pachulia (shoulder strain) and David West (broken thumb). Denver was without Danilo Gallinari, Kenneth Faried and Emmanuel Mudiay. Stephen Curry was ice cold, scoring 11 points on 4-of-18 shooting from the field, including 1 of 11 from 3-point range. The Warriors have lost two of their past five games, their worst slump since losing two of three twice last season.
Kings: Defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 97-96 on Tuesday night at Staples Center as DeMarcus Cousins scored 40 points, including Sacramento's final 10. He also had 12 rebounds and eight assists. The Kings have won three in a row and four of five in one of their best stretches of the season.
4. PREVIOUS MEETINGS
The Warriors and Kings have split the first two matchups. … On Jan. 8 at the Golden 1 Center, the Warriors won 117-106. Golden State gave up 58 points in the first half, with the first two points coming on the first play of the game when Cousins spun around Pachulia and into a wide-open lane for an uncontested dunk. That prompted Warriors coach Steve Kerr to call a timeout after only 18 seconds. The Warriors trailed 58-51 at halftime before racking up a big third quarter to turn the game around, outscoring the Kings 39-22. Curry had 30 points and Kevin Durant 28. … On Feb. 4 in Sacramento, the Kings won 109-106 in overtime. Curry had 35 points and nine assists, but his missed layup off an inbound pass with 4.9 seconds remaining in overtime with the Warriors down 107-106 was costly. Kerr erupted in the third quarter after two questionable fouls call on Kevon Looney and a technical on Draymond Green and was ejected. The Warriors are 0-3 in overtime games this season.
5. MATCHUP TO WATCH
Cousins vs. whoever the Warriors can send at him: Cousins has been filling up the stat sheet all season, averaging 28.1 points, 10.7 rebounds, 4.8 assists, 1.33 blocks and 1.39 steals. In the last Warriors-Kings clash, Cousins didn't shoot well (13 for 30) but had 32 points, 12 rebounds, nine assists and two steals. Because he has become a 3-point threat, he was very effective driving to the basket from the arc, displaying a mobility rare for a player his size. The tag team of JaVale McGee, James Michael McAdoo, Looney and Green will have their hands full. Getting Cousins into foul trouble would help.
6. PLAYOFF PREVIEW?
The Warriors are facing another team auditioning for the No. 8 seed in the Western Conference — and potentially a first-round playoff opponent. Assuming Oklahoma City (31-25) won't be challenged for the No. 7 seed, six teams are in the mix for the eighth slot. Of the six — Denver, Sacramento, Portland, Dallas, New Orleans and Minnesota — only the Nuggets and Kings have beaten the Warriors this season.
7. RECORD OFFICIALLY OUT OF REACH
Not that there was really any question about it, but there's no need to worry about the Warriors trying to top their 73-9 mark of last season. It took 55 games this season for them to match their 2015-16 loss total.
8. INJURY UPDATE
With one game left before the All-Star break, it probably doesn't make any sense for the Warriors to play injured centers Pachulia and West. Pachulia will miss his eighth game because of a right shoulder strain suffered on Jan. 29 at Portland when he dove for a loose ball. West will miss his 14th game because of a left thumb fracture suffered Jan. 18 against Oklahoma City. Thompson's status for tonight is not known. … For the Kings, forward Rudy Gay is out for the season because of a ruptured left Achilles tendon suffered Jan. 18 against Indiana. Guard Garrett Temple suffered a partially torn left hamstring Jan. 31 in Houston and is out until after the All-Star break. Forward Omri Casspi is out because of right foot strain. Backup point guard Ty Lawson has missed three games because of a left adductor strain and is questionable for tonight.
9. NUMBERS GAME
With 16 steals in his past three games, Green has moved into the league lead in that category at 2.12 per game, just ahead of Washington's John Wall (2.10). … Kings point guard Darren Collison has had a good February, which includes his 18-point effort against the Warriors in the last meeting. For the month, Collison is averaging 18.9 points on 50.5-percent shooting, 4.9 assists and 1.71 steals in 38.3 minutes per game. … Despite allowing Denver to go 24 for 40 from 3-point range on Monday, the Warriors still lead the NBA in 3-point defense, permitting opponents to shoot only 32.6 percent. … Cousins has been called for 17 technical fouls this season. On his 16th, he served a one-game suspension, sitting out against Boston last week. When he gets his 18th, he will be suspended again.
10. STREAK ON THE LINE
The last time the Warriors lost consecutive regular-season games was April 5 and April 7 of 2015 at San Antonio 107-92 and at New Orleans 103-100. They are on an NBA-record streak of 141 games without back-to-back defeats.
Man…what you put out in the world, may just come back to you.
Case in point: Two of R. Kelly's Atlanta homes were robbed and emptied over the Thanksgiving holiday!
According to PEOPLE, there is a warrant out for the arrest of Alfonso “Doc” Walker, a musician and former associate of Kelly's who allegedly hired movers to clean out and sell off all of Kelly's belongings. Apparently, police believe Walker told movers that the “Step In The Name Of Love” singer was moving his operations out of Atlanta.
On November 26, a cleaning lady discovered that one of his homes were emptied (the singer was New Orleans at the time). When she realized that “most of Kelly's things were missing,” she swiftly called the local police.
Burglars completely cleaned out #RKelly's Atlanta home! A post shared by The Shade Room (@theshaderoom) on Dec 8, 2017 at 9:13pm PST
Walking through one of his emptied homes, Kelly posted a video of himself in utter disbelief.
“I want to thank all my fans for their support..and uh…this is what happens when you get, well, let people too close to you. People you know for 25-30 years. This is what happens,” he said into the camera.
#PressPlay Nobody is safe out here! A post shared by The Shade Room (@theshaderoom) on Dec 8, 2017 at 9:09pm PST
So how did this happen without anyone seeing?
PEOPLE noted that neighbors did notice moving men taking boxes out of the homes, but didn't believe anything was amiss.
“They were not hiding anything,” Johns Creek Police Department Captain Chris Byers told the publication. “Most just assumed Mr. Kelly was moving.”
While there were broken windows by the houses' back doors, police say it was pretty “obvious” that “no one had gained entry” that way.
“They had access to the house,” he explained. “No alarms went off. The broken windows on the two houses, we believe, were to just throw us off.”
The police added that they caught three of the movers in the act of selling Kelly's things. They were selling it room by room — say, $6,000 for each room,” Byers says, adding that the moving truck the movers were using was registered in Walker's name.
While it's unknown the total value of everything taken from Kelly's homes, a police report said that items missing include a 79-inch Sony television, two brown sofas, a black leather recliner, bronze bar stools and Kenmore Ellie appliances.
In addition, some of the sold items have been recovered and reclaimed by police, however, not all the buyers have gotten their money back.
Walker has yet to be apprehended and is currently on the run.
#BREAKING: Contact @JohnsCreekPD if you have any information on the whereabouts of Alfonso "Doc" Walker. #fox5atl https://t.co/TrqnBAwg0c — FOX 5 Atlanta (@FOX5Atlanta) December 6, 2017
Listen: If you don't feel sorry for Kels, we get it. As we previously reported, in October the singer was accused of physical, verbal and emotional abuse by women who claim they were his slaves.
RELATED NEWS
R. Kelly's Alleged Ex-Girlfriend Details Explicit Sexual Encounters: I Saw Him Urinate On Other Women
An Alleged Victim Of R. Kelly's Sex Cult Speaks Out: “Rob Is The One Who Took My Virginity”
A Woman Who Allegedly Had An Underage Sexual Relationship With R. Kelly, Speaks Out
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Other politicians also issued statements of condemnation against the racist display in Virginia.
"Conservatives condemn these acts of racism, violence and hatred," Conservative leader Andrew Scheer tweeted. "Prayers are with victims, their families, and people of #Charlottesville."
New Democratic Party leader Tom Mulcair struck out at Donald Trump after the president initially refused to single out the white nationalists who caused the violence, choosing instead to blame hatred from "many sides".
"There's no excuse for refusing to denounce white supremacy wherever it arises," Mulcair said. "We must stand up against hate and violence."
Mansfield Town pundit Martin Shaw has given us his player ratings for the Stags side who drew with Luton.
Catching the eye were Rhys Bennett and goalscorer Alfie Potter.
Take a look below and tell us if you agree with Martin's ratings.
Kean 6.5 - Didn't have a save to make apart from a back-header from his own player. One good catch from a corner.
Bennett 7.5 - Good game in defence, initially as part of a 3 man central defence, then at right back. Headed a good chance over the bar in stoppage time.
Pearce 7 - Good game.One header cleared off the line.
Taft 6.5 - Some good blocks and clearances. But unnecessarily conceded the penalty which was costly.
White 7 - Decent game at wing back. Sacrificed in the second half to switch formation.
Benning 7 - Some good play pushing forward down the left. One good piece of play where he pushed forward and fired just over the bar.
Whiteman 5.5 - One poor shot well over the bar. Wasn't on his game today.
Byrom 7 - Two really good corners which created chances for Pearce and Bennett.
Potter 7.5 - Busy going forward and took his goal well.
Coulthirst 6 - One or two pieces of good hold-up play but didn't create much.
D.Rose 6 - Worked hard but created little.
Have your saw on our facebook page or by email sport.nmsy@jpress.co.uk
By Travis M. Andrews | Washington Post
In a heated game of Monopoly, there was always a certain gravitas in being the banker, the player who keeps a close eye on the money and ensures everyone plays by the rules. Without the banker, cheating would be almost inevitable.
But what if cheating was the whole point of the game? That's the case in a new edition of Monopoly, which Hasbro will release in the fall, according to Insider.
The cheaters edition follows the rules of classic Monopoly, except this version encourages players to break them. In addition to the community chest and chance cards, this version includes 15 cheat cards. At any point, five of these can be in the middle of the board. They encourage players to cheat in various ways, from collecting rent on another player's property or stealing money from the bank.
That last one shouldn't be too difficult since “for the first time in Monopoly history, there is no designated Banker,” Jonathan Berkowitz, senior vice president of Hasbro gaming told Insider. “Players are in control of the Bank on their turn, and pass it to the next player when their turn is over, making it easier to pull [off] ‘cheats.'”
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Players who successfully cheat are handsomely rewarded for their deceit, while those caught red-handed are penalized. One of the more severe penalties is going to jail, a remnant of the original game but with a twist: Attached to this board is a toy handcuff the offending player must wear.
Much like in the original version, a player wins by collecting the most money.
Happy to show off the newest addition to #Monopoly this fall — a version of the game just for cheaters. And it's called the Cheater's Edition. @HasbroNews https://t.co/hcO5Cs0dPR pic.twitter.com/cVIQEicTQe — Kirsten (@KirstenAcuna) January 30, 2018
Kirsten (@KirstenAcuna) tweeted “Happy to show off the newest addition to #Monopoly this fall — a version of the game just for cheaters. And it's called the Cheater's Edition. @HasbroNews”
There are many versions of Monopoly, most created to attract fans of one thing or another. Those who loved “The Force Awakens” might buy the “Star Wars Edition,” for example, while University of Wisconsin Badgers might display a copy of “Wisconsinopoly” atop their bookcases. But these versions still expect players to follow the rules, making the cheaters edition one of its more radical spin offs.
The decision came after a company-sponsored survey found that “nearly half of game players attempt to cheat during Monopoly games” Berkowitz told Insider, adding, “so in 2018, we decided it was time to give fans what they've been craving all along — a Monopoly game that actually encourages cheating.”
Ironically, the announcement comes about two weeks after Hasboro announced the Monopoly CheatBot, a Facebook chatbot that Monopoly players can use from Jan. 16 to Feb. 16 to report someone cheating in a game in real time. The bot then doles out consequences for the offending player, such as going to jail or paying a $200 fine. The news release for the CheatBot also cited the survey that found about half of Monopoly players cheat.
Berkowitz sang a markedly different tune when announcing the CheatBot.
“The cheating has gone on too long! With nearly one out of every two MONOPOLY players bending — or breaking — the rules, we knew it was time to put an end to the cheating, and what better way to reach our fans than by leveraging the innovative Facebook Messenger technology,” he said in the news release.
This cheaters edition might seem to some like a cynical perversion of a beloved board game, but it's important to note that Monopoly itself has long been misunderstood.
When the precursor to Monopoly was originally thought up by Lizzie Magie in 1904 — then called the Landlord's Game — its purpose was not to celebrate the acquisition of wealth. It was a harsh criticism of wealth disparity.
As author Mary Pilon — who wrote a book about Monopoly called “The Monopolists” — wrote in Smithsonian Magazine, Magie's “stated goal was to demonstrate the evils of accruing vast sums of wealth at the expense of others.”
Magie reportedly took particular issue with oil and railroad monopolists — both of which appear in the game.
Reading this on your phone? Stay up to date with our free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store.
“In a short time, I hope a very short time, men and women will discover that they are poor because Carnegie and Rockefeller, maybe, have more than they know what to do with,” she told a reporter in 1906, according to Pilon.
While Monopoly eventually became one of the most popular board games in history, its message was certainly lost along the way. Players generally don't consider the game a satire as they desperately battle to control Park Place. Perhaps this new cheaters edition might finally give them pause.
This Barcelona brothel replaced women with busty sex dolls to allow clients to act out their “wildest fantasies” — things they would never try with a real person.
Lumidolls, which operates at a secret location in the Spanish city, opened earlier this year, claiming to be the world's first sex doll brothel.
Customers can choose from four “hyper-realistic” working girls, who have been crafted from a thermoplastic elastomer, reported the Metro.
The seedy venue has been dogged by controversy from the start.
Owner Sergi Prieto admitted he was forced to turn away some sick individuals who wanted to act out a “rape fantasy.”
Local residents kicked up a storm and the facility faced a number of complaints.
Cops raided the premises, near the tourist hotspot Las Ramblas, but they found the owner had closed the business already.
However, Lumidolls is still booming — it's just become more secretive. Now, when customers pay online, they learn the new whereabouts of the secret sex doll-filled brothel.
Hundreds of plastic-loving fun seekers have flocked to Barcelona to live out their most unusual desires.
Prieto said: “Customers come to seek new sexual experiences and new ways of living sex.”
“Like us, they believe that this is the beginning of the sex of the future.”
Metro reports that customers who don't want to leave their own location can pay $275 for a home service.
On-premises sessions are around $90 for 30 minutes or up to $210 for two hours.
Customers are encouraged to wear condoms and each doll is disinfected with a “special antibacterial soap.”
What goes on in the private rooms, which feature plasma TVs and adult films, remains private.
Visitors can specify how the four girls — Katy, Kanda, Lily and Yoko — are positioned, and have three fetish looks to choose from: executive, schoolgirl or fitness woman.
Prieto has plans to expand the business worldwide.
The Lumidolls store has 54 “girls” that cater to every possible taste, with prices starting at just under $2,000.
But the Association of Sex Professionals has slammed the flourishing business, saying sex dolls can never recreate the intimacy provided by humans.
It said: “The sex affection of a person cannot be provided by a doll.”
“They do not communicate. They do not listen to you or caress you, they do not comfort you or look at you.”
Theatre project Who to Follow inspires to tackle growing drug misuse problem among Ipswich schoolchildren
The team behind the Who to Follow project. Picture: Suffolk County Council Archant
A new interactive drama production is to be toured around Ipswich schools this autumn in a bid to empower young people to make positive choices around illegal drugs.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The project was spearheaded by Suffolk county councillor Sarah Adams to address a growing substance misuse problem among schoolchildren in the town, escalated by “gangs” arriving from London and targeting teenagers.
The Labour group at Suffolk County Council has put in £20,000 to fund the initiative, and has teamed up with the New Wolsey Theatre to bring it to life.
Ms Adams said: “It started when a group of parents from various Ipswich schools who realised there was a drug problem got together to mutually support each other and to stand up to say ‘some of our children have problems and we want to do something about it'.
“Everyone knows there are gangs coming in from London and they are targeting vulnerable young people in Ipswich.
“We know that just saying ‘don't do drugs' doesn't work. We know that simple message doesn't hit home. We need to be saying ‘this is the implication, why are you making the choices you are making?'.”
The result is a theatrical installation called Who to Follow, which will present high school pupils with four independent stories concerning substance abuse, each relating to a young person's experience, but from different perspectives.
The spectators will be able to choose their own journey from each scenario to the next, in doing so either challenging or confirming what they believe about the risks associated with drug taking.
Ms Adams added: “If you walk down the high street in Ipswich you will smell cannabis being smoked.
“The problem has an impact on every part of society.
“We all see it in our divisions and some families are in desperate situations where they don't know what to do any more.
“This project is about trying to make Ipswich and Suffolk a safe place for young people to grow up.”
A number of Ipswich secondary schools have already signed up, and Ms Adams said she hoped to obtain funding to develop the project further in the future.
Rob Salmon, associate director for the New Wolsey, said the arts had the power to engage students in open and honest conversations about serious issues.
He added: “Young people know a huge amount about drugs but that doesn't stop them from doing them, so it's not about what they know it's about their social and emotional relationships to those experiences.
“We want to give them means to understand what that experience might be like and to make them wait longer before taking those risks.”
Principal under fire for naming suspended students in newsletter The principal who left Brooklyn's struggling Automotive HS for Long Island has sent out newsletters at her new school naming suspended students, in violation of a federal student privacy law,...
DOE blames L train for high school's poor attendance They've lost their train of thought. It's not the dire state of Williamsburg's struggling Automotive HS that's hurting attendance — it's the L train, according to the Department of Education....
Principal who 'fixed' failing grades moves to LI school The cont​r​over​sial principal of Automotive HS is zooming off to Long Island. Caterina Lafergola is dumping the long-suffering Brooklyn school — which Mayor de Blasio promised to fix ​with his...
Failing schools escape takeover despite no improvement Last July, the state's new education commissioner, MaryEllen Elia, named 62 “struggling” and “persistently struggling” New York City schools that would face a takeover if they did not improve. Just...
Ex-principal banned for sex scandal back in the classroom An ex-principal banned from working with students after her involvement in a sex scandal was nonetheless assigned to teach at one of New York City's worst schools, The Post found....
Two of city's worst-performing schools overhauling staff A majority of educators at two of the city's lowest-performing high schools, both in Brooklyn, are being replaced, Schools Chancellor Carmen Fariña ­announced Wednesday. Only one-third of 63 staff members...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you're stuck for ideas to keep the kids busy, getreading has your guide to family fun covered.
From farm animals and science to giant statues and ancient Egypt, there are some amazing exhibitions and venues to visit in Reading, Bracknell and Wokingham.
With that being said, we've put together a bumper guide of things to do in Berkshire.
There are museums, farms and beautiful locations to add to your to-do list, so check out some of the great activities, which are all free.
Looking for one-off events to keep the children entertained during half term?
Plus, there are these great venues that are open all year round, and there are some budget ideas for family fun for under £25, too.
Let us know if you think we've missed off any great ideas that could be included! Simply send an email to francesca.perryman@trinitymirror.com
1. Lockey Farm
Where: Sindlesham Road, Arborfield, Arborfield Cross, RG2 9JH
A traditional farm, Lockey has a butcher counter so only take the kids if you want to explain the journey from field to fridge.
The animals roam free so take a walk around the park to see pigs, cattle, sheep and horses. There's also a play area for children and crazy golf on site.
Entry is free, but donations are kindly encouraged.
2. Reading Museum
Where: Blagrave Street, Reading, RG1 1QH
The museum has been showcasing award-winning displays since 1883 and has a national reputation for its hands-on learning experiences.
It is open from 10am to 4pm Tuesday to Saturday and admission is free.
Check the website for information about exhibitions.
3. Come face to face with giants
Where: Bell Lane, Aldworth, RG8 9SB,
St Mary's Church in Aldworth, near Reading, contains numerous huge effigies of the De La Beche family.
The family were powerful landowners and knights in the 14th century.
The figures are supposed to be life size representations, depicting the knights, all over seven feet tall.
4. Dinton Pastures
Where: Davis Street, Hurst, Wokingham, RG10 0TH
The park has seven lakes to enjoy, with a free leaflet available showing several circular footpaths and trails, ranging from one to three miles.
There's a good play area, a little bridge over a stream, and the Dragonfly Café with lawns and a gazebo outside.
Entry is free but car parking charges apply.
5. California Country Park
Where: Nine Mile Ride, Finchampstead, Wokingham, RG40 4HU
The country park has a pool with adventure playground with a zip line, swings and climbing equipment opposite.
Covering 100 acres of varied countryside, the park offers trails around the lake suitable for pushchairs, and through wood and heathlands.
Entry is free, but there are charges for car parking and for entry to the paddling pool.
6. MERL Museum
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in See inside the MERL Museum with our sneak peek video Share this video Watch Next
Where: University of Reading, Redlands Road, Reading, RG1 5EX
From mooing cows and interactive lambing games to full-sized tractors once used on Berkshire farms, the UK's leading museum of food, farming and countryside has lots to see.
2016 saw the museum undergo a £3.3 million redevelopment, transforming the place to include more public displays and nine new galleries curated around the concept of 'Our Country Lives'.
Admission to the museum is free, and it is open 9am to 5pm from Tuesday to Friday, and 10am to 4pm on Saturday and Sunday.
7. The Ure Museum
Where: Department Of Classics, University Of Reading, Whiteknights, Reading, RG6 6AA
Discover more about Greek mythology by exploring vases and everyday objects, from the small oil bottles that athletes wore around their wrists, to a terrifying mask of Gorgon Medusa.
Learn about the Egyptians too, through the collection of artefacts, including a funerary boat, jewellery, grave offerings and a mummified cat's head.
During uni holidays, the museum will normally be open only on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, 9am to 4.30 pm and for special events.
Please email ure@reading.ac.uk or ring 0118 378 6990 for up to date opening times.
During term time the Ure Museum is normally open weekdays 9am to 4.30pm.
Admission to the museum is free.
8. West Berkshire Museum
Where: The Wharf, Newbury, RG14 5AS
The museum reopened after a four year refurbishment in August 2014.
It has 11 galleries, all of which are temporary and will change every three to 12 months.
Explore and share the heritage of West Berkshire from the pre-historic to today
Open Wednesday to Sunday 10am to 4pm, Bank Holiday Mondays 10am to 4pm.
Admission is free.
9. Windsor Great Park
Where: The Great Park, Windsor, SL4 2HT
A large deer park of 5,000 acres, the park is located to the south of the town of Windsor and can be accessed via the famous Long Walk.
Alternatively there are several public access points around its perimeter.
One of the major ones is in Wick Lane, Englefield Green where you can park for 90 minutes free of charge.
A four and a half mile circular walk around the lake, passing the famous totem pole, is highly recommended.
After missing out on their opportunity to sweep the San Antonio Spurs, the Golden State Warriors get a second chance to wrap up this NBA Western Conference first-round series
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
JACKSON, Miss. — Mississippi's governor on Monday signed the nation's tightest abortion restrictions into law.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510, which becomes law immediately and bans most abortions after 15 weeks' gestation.
Bryant has frequently said he wants Mississippi to be the "safest place in America for an unborn child."
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Abortion rights advocates are calling the law unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb. The owner of Mississippi's only abortion clinic opposes the law and has pledged to sue.
Facebook shut down as many as 30,000 fake accounts in the past week — but that's unlikely to hurt the multi-million-dollar spam industry.
In fact, since Facebook's post-election housecleaning, it's become even more lucrative for spammers to pump out "inauthentic accounts." The asking price on the black market for 1,000 fake accounts used to be $20, but security changes by the social network giant only succeeded in driving up prices.
"If you go to the underground markets where they sell fake Facebook accounts, you can buy 1,000 of these for $300 to $400," Damon McCoy, a New York University computer science professor specializing in cybercrime, told NBC News. "In terms of economics of replacing these 30,000 accounts, they took down something, but perhaps not as much as you might think."
Fake social media accounts are pumped out by programmers in places like Russia, or are registered manually by humans in “farms” in countries like India, where labor is cheap. Jason Alden / Bloomberg via Getty file
The flurry of account closing — all "users" were based in France — was an attempt by Facebook to head off interference in the French presidential election, following fierce criticism for the network's role in the proliferation of "fake news" during the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
"We've made improvements to recognize these inauthentic accounts more easily, by identifying patterns of activity — without assessing the content itself," said Facebook in a statement. "For example, our systems may detect repeated posting of the same content, or an increase in messages sent."
"Going forward, the advances we have made to our detection systems will help us ... keep our platform safe," the statement continued.
Spam Farms
Prices for other fake social media accounts — which, like fake Facebook accounts, are created either automatically by programmers in places like Russia, or are registered manually by humans in "farms" in countries like India, where labor is cheap — remain low. At time of writing, one Russian account-selling site asked only $900 for 20,000 Twitter accounts with confirmed email addresses.
Related: As Many as 48 Million Twitter Accounts Aren't People, Says Study
Spammers are getting smarter as well, squeezing more money out of each individual account by moving to harder-to-detect money-making methods, like advertising revenue from the spread of false news stories.
But perhaps of greater concern are the geopolitical effects spam can now cause, said Marcus Rogers, director of Purdue University's Cyber Forensics Lab.
"For pretty much any election right now, there's this big concern there's going to be manipulation by what we would consider to be spammers and the fake news folks," Rogers said, citing allegations of cyber interference in the 2016 election and concerns over similar interference in the upcoming French presidential elections.
Traditional email spamming, which focused on selling counterfeit pharmaceuticals and scams targeted at individuals, never had that sort of impact, Rogers noted.
The Return of Email Spam
New avenues like social media had, for years, reduced the amount of spam over classic "attack vectors" like email, Rogers said. But research shows email spam is reemerging and refocusing.
Guests in the Facebook Lounge ahead of the first Republican presidential debate at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio on Aug. 6, 2015. Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg via Getty file
In technology conglomerate Cisco's 2017 Cybersecurity Report, researchers found a resurgence of email spam, which had risen to levels not seen since 2010. The spam — much of it pushed by botnets, networks of computers controlled by malicious software, usually without the owners' knowledge — accounted for 65 percent of email.
Still, global email spam volume falls short of its 2010 highs, said Jaeson Schultz, a threat researcher with Talos, Cisco's security research arm. But even at the lower volume, Talos blocks roughly 20 billion email threats each day.
"Spam, I think, is going to exist in all of these platforms," Schultz said.
But email spam has reemerged with a new focus. Now, spammers are frequently targeting businesses instead of individuals, according to the Cisco report.
These attacks often mirror classic phishing scams, where a spammer will send an email, posing as someone else, and ask a corporate executive to initiate a wire transfer, often to an international bank from which the funds are unrecoverable, McCoy said.
Related: Facebook Plans to Use Tech to Stop the Spread of Revenge Porn
Other spammers are moving away from illegal activity, into gray markets, McCoy said. Instead of attempting to sell counterfeit drugs, spammers will push unproven herbal remedies, which are most often legal, or at least unregulated. They've also taken to hiring attorneys to draw up user agreements for their would-be victims.
Keeping Up
It's not likely spam will go away anytime soon, Rogers said. Like with viruses, which have afflicted consumers and the tech industry for the last 30 years, there may not be a permanent solution to spam, and the industry might have some catching up to do.
"I would say we're about a year, year and a half behind," Rogers said. "And that's being optimistic."
While Rogers, McCoy, and Schultz all agreed that some advances against spam had been made, cooperation within the tech industry is still the key to long-term success.
"We all need to get together to be able to share information and try to combat these attacks with the idea that these folks that are trying to come in one door might try another door," Schultz said. "When you combine your resources, you really can make a difference in the security of the internet for everyone."
Just when we thought Fiona was the cutest hippo out there we found out that the San Antonio Zoo has a hippo named Timothy just as cute and he is smitten with Fiona!
Timothy took to social media to let everyone know that he has a crush on Fiona and that maybe they could spend some time together.
And Fiona actually took time to respond to Timothy's love letters
Since the love letters have started the public has given them a couple name…. Timona! And it doesn't look like the love letters are going to stop anytime soon. Timothy now has his own Twitter account and sends messages to Fiona via Facebook as well.
Although this is super cute we think maybe Fiona should focus on her education first… Being a princess is hard work!
RELATED STORY: Win a Family Membership to the Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
The 2017-18 NBA regular-season schedule came out Monday night, which led to some grousing and some praise.
The good: No team will have four games in five nights, and back-to-backs in general were reduced. The bad: The actual NBA season now spans from Oct. 17 to April 11 — and that's before three months of playoffs.
If you are the type to subscribe to League Pass and watch two or more games a night every night no matter what, you probably love that. Spreading things out is good for players and hard-core fans, but it also makes putting together a consistent national TV schedule a bit more difficult — which is further complicated by the lack of parity in the league right now and the increased national TV presence.
That brings us to the worst selections for those national slots. A couple parameters that went into this list:
NBATV games don't count as national, given the by-comparison limited audience. The Chicago Bulls and Indiana Pacers only have one game each on national TV. That's good for those two likely bad teams, and we're not going to complain about it here. Also not going to fill this list with Los Angeles Lakers and New York Knicks games because, well, we get it. Stakes matter: A game that would be good on a random TNT Tuesday night might not be ideal for a Saturday primetime ABC showcase.
With that said, here are our picks for the eight worst national TV game selections made this year, ranked (all times Eastern).
8. Lakers at Grizzlies
Monday, Jan. 15, 5:30 p.m., TNT
The Lakers, who almost certainly won't make the playoffs, have the fifth-most national TV appearances, which we get. But the Grizzlies have traditionally taken center stage on Martin Luther King Jr. Day, with special jerseys and a weekend of activities to commemorate the American icon who died in Memphis. That's why it seems weird to overshadow them with the league's most popular team. A reasonable counterargument could be that this will draw more eyes to the game. The Warriors or Cavaliers would have done the same.
7. Celtics at Rockets
Saturday, March 3, 8:30 p.m., ABC
We're picking at nits here because the ABC schedule is rather solid, but this one stood out as a bit weird. The Celtics and Rockets have some history if you go back to the 1980s, but it's hardly a rivalry. The teams, though both excellent, also have no real individual rivalries unless you're unusually amped about Chris Paul vs. Isaiah Thomas. This should be good basketball, but that's not usually what ABC tries to sell with its Saturday primetime games.
6. Knicks at Thunder
Thursday, Oct. 19, 8 p.m., TNT
This early in the season, this premium a TV slot, for this game? The Knicks could have been matched against the Cavaliers or the Celtics or another team where there was an obvious story line, or they could have been matched against the 76ers or the Lakers for a competitive game with intriguing young players involved. Instead, we get what likely won't be competitive. The Knicks don't even know who they'll start at point guard yet.
5. Rockets at Suns
Thursday, Nov. 16, 10:30 p.m., TNT
4. Rockets at Suns
Friday, Jan. 12, 10:30 p.m., ESPN
Once was one thing. We wouldn't have brought up once. But why are we seeing these two disparate teams — the Rockets being elite or near-elite, while the Suns are embracing a rebuild — playing on national TV in both of their Phoenix meetings? Is their some sort of weird Houston vs. Phoenix rivalry between two cities whose size is routinely underestimated?
3. Timberwolves at Lakers
Monday, Dec. 25, 10:30 p.m., TNT
2. 76ers at Knicks
Monday, Dec. 25, 12 p.m., ESPN
Christmas is the NBA's big day. The NFL takes a break, college sports mostly take a break, and everyone gets really excited to watch five marquee NBA games. The Knicks and Lakers always have to be involved, yes. That's a known factor. But why these opponents? Why not use the fomenting 76ers-Lakers feud, then give the Knicks one of the teams mentioned above? The middle three games represent the spirit of NBA Christmas, but expect a lot of non-Knicks or -Lakers fans to tune in late or out early.
1. Warriors at Pistons
Friday, Dec. 8, 7 p.m., ESPN
Wonder what the outcome of this one will be.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — The son of Hennepin County Sheriff Rich Stanek has been sentenced for soliciting a child for sex, and it includes both jail time and a hefty fine.
On Wednesday, Ryan Stanek was sentenced to 90 days in jail and a $10,000 fine. He'll report to jail on July 11 and could serve his sentence as work release should he be deemed eligible for that program.
Ryan Stanek will also be on supervised probation for 3 years. He was also granted a stay of imposition, meaning his felony conviction will be a deemed a misdemeanor upon successful completion of probation.
Ryan Stanek was arrested at River Hills Mall in Mankato on May 19, 2017 when he thought he was going to meet an adult woman with her 13-year-old friend for sex. He was instead arrested by authorities.
His iPhone was seized at the arrest scene, and investigators say they later found sexually-explicit photos of children, some who appear to be as young as age 3.
Three additional charges, including child pornography, were dropped when he pleaded guilty in March 2018.
He will be required to register as a predatory offender.
Ryan Stanek was also convicted of driving while intoxicated in 2015 and 2017.
WASHINGTON — On Tuesday night, Democrats will find out if the opposition to Donald Trump that has electrified the left since November can be converted into actual electoral results.
All eyes are on the special election in Georgia's 6th Congressional District, where Democrats see an opportunity to flip a seat that has been in Republican hands for decades. Jon Ossoff, a 30-year old, previously unknown documentary filmmaker has become a lightning rod for the excitement and anger that has been building since the election in November, and has become the outlet for Democrats looking for a way to make a statement. Ossoff has drawn national attention and raised a record-setting $8.3 million (largely from outside of the district, which lies in the suburbs just north of Atlanta).
The big question: Can that energy propel Ossoff to a victory with more than 50 percent of the vote in an 18-candidate all party primary on Tuesday? Or will he fall short, and be forced to compete in a June runoff?
Tuesday's “jungle primary” puts all the candidates – 11 Republicans, five Democrats, and two independents — on a single ballot. If no candidate wins a majority of the vote Tuesday, the top two candidates will head into a runoff. Many Democrats believe Ossoff's best chance at winning this Republican seat is to do so outright on Tuesday while Republican support remains fractured between several candidates. A one-on-one race between Ossoff and as-yet unnamed Republican candidate in a long time Republican district could be a much bigger hurdle for Democrats.
Last week was the first big test for the Democratic party in the Trump era in a special election in Kansas, but the Georgia race looks to be the more realistic opportunity for the party. In Kansas's 4th District, which Donald Trump won by 27 percent in November, a Democratic candidate held Republican Ron Estes to a mere seven-point victory last week. That close loss emboldened Democrats heading into the Georgia race, which is playing out on much more hospitable turf. Republicans have represented this district since Newt Gingrich won it in 1978. But Trump's margin of victory there in November was a single percentage point, giving Democrats hope that the well-educated, suburban district could swing to the left this time around.
National Democrats stayed out of the Kansas race — spending only a nominal amount on get out the vote efforts in the final weekend — believing that an actual win there was a pipe dream. But their imprint is more evident in Georgia, where they see a shot at victory. They have spent money on radio ads and mailers and have had staff on the ground since the start of the race. But with Ossoff's huge fundraising from small donors across the country, the party hasn't needed to spend on television ads to keep him competitive.
Ossoff, himself, has had to walk a fine line. Nationally, he has come to embody the hopes of Trump antagonists. But locally, he is a Democrat running in a Republican district in Georgia, a state that voted out the last remaining white Democrat in its congressional delegation in 2014. To win, either Tuesday or in a runoff, he has had to speak to voters who, even if they have become disenchanted with Trump, have a long history of voting Republican.
Republicans, meanwhile, have spent millions to prevent Ossoff from breaking 50 percent, tying him to Democratic bogeymen like House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and attacking him for living outside the borders of the district he is running to represent. But the enthusiasm for Ossoff has gone largely unmatched on the Republican side, where allegiances are split between 11 candidates vying for the distant second place that will give them a spot in the runoff and the opportunity to take on Ossoff one-on-one.
Several candidates have emerged in the top tier on the GOP side. Former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel, who is well known in the district after having serve on the Fulton County Commission, entered the race as the Republican frontrunner, as short turnaround special elections tend to reward candidates with the highest name recognition. Bob Gray, a businessman, is also in contention, boosted by support from the Club for Growth, which has been running television ads for him. Dan Moody, a businessman and former state senator, has put almost $2 million of his own money into his campaign to put himself into contention. And Judson Hill, a former state senator who represented part of the congressional district locally, also entered the race with the benefit of high name recognition and Gingrich's endorsement.
Republicans, speaking of the contours of the race, cheer their deep bench, a byproduct of the fact that the district has been safely in Republican hands for almost 40 years. But the scattered field has proved a liability for Republicans — splitting support as Democrats coalesced behind Ossoff, making it possible for him to break 50 percent.
“The fact that we've got so many candidates in the race makes it harder for any one candidate to really step out there,” former Georgia Sen. Saxby Chambliss told BuzzFeed News.
Republicans say that in a runoff, with all their resources and support coalesced behind a single candidate, they would have an advantage in a district that they believe remains fundamentally Republican.
In the interim, unwillingness to take sides has left some of the party's big hitters on the sidelines. Outside Republican groups, like the National Republican Congressional Committee and the Congressional Leadership Fund, a super PAC closely aligned with House Republican leadership, have spent their money attacking Ossoff and urging voters to vote Republican — a less compelling message without a specific candidate to name. And Sen. Johnny Isakson, the popular senior senator from Georgia, has opted not to get involved at all (Sen. David Perdue endorsed Moody and former Sen. Saxby Chambliss backed Handel).
And whereas the Kansas race drew high profile Republican boosters, with Trump and Vice President Mike Pence recording robo-calls, and Sen. Ted Cruz flying out for a rally, big national names have largely stayed out of the Georgia race as well. Trump on Monday waded into the race for the first time, tweeting a swipe at Ossoff that didn't mention any of the GOP candidates.
“The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal [sic] race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration, and raise taxes!” the president tweeted Monday morning.
Trump's relative absence so far in the campaign might change in a runoff; the President is scheduled to attend the NRA annual meeting in Atlanta at the end of the month.
If the race does head to a runoff, Ossoff may have to avoid incoming fire from his own party as well as from the Republicans. In a period when certain elements on the left are increasingly focused on ideological purity, some are already girding for a runoff message that could fall afoul of liberal orthodoxies.
“He's shown us that he's a true Georgia Democrat. But while running in a Republican district, he's got to be able to not only get Democrats to vote for him, he's also got to be able to get Republicans,” Tharon Johnson, a Georgia Democratic consultant, told BuzzFeed News.
In the event of a runoff, Johnson said, “we as Democrats have got to understand that when Jon's campaign decides to make a pivot, we must continue to support him even more than we did on Tuesday.”
The Fauquier Heritage and Preservation Foundation announces a talk by General West on Saturday, June 10, 2018, 3:00 PM at the Robert L. Sinclair Education Center, 4118 Winchester Road, Marshall, Virginia. General West will speak on the history of local military hero, Presley Neville O'Bannon, a first lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps, who is famous for his exploits in the First Barbary War (1801-1805). Lieutenant O'Bannon led the successful attack at the Battle of Derna in Libya on April 27, 1805, giving the Marines' Hymn its line “to the shores of Tripoli” and became the first man to raise a United States flag over foreign soil in time of war. O'Bannon was born in Marshall, Fauquier County, in 1776. He is known as “the hero of Derna.”
During a 35-year career General West served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs, Legislative Assistant to the Commandant of the Marine Corp, Special Advisor to the Deputy Secretary of Defense, and as a Marine aviator. He flew A6s in Vietnam and AH1s and UH1s in Desert Storm, where he was a Composite Aircraft Group Commander.
He is currently president of Robison International, Inc., a Washington, D.C. based defense and public relations consulting firm. General West is a graduate of the University of North Carolina, has an MBA from Auburn University and a Masters in National Security from the Naval War College. He resides in Fauquier County.
The event is open to the public.
The Sinclair Education Center is the newest arm of the Fauquier Heritage & Preservation Foundation which also operates the John K. Gott Library. For further information contact the FHPH at 540-364-3440 or 703-403-1309.
Dancers with Soul, Texas Tech's one and only hip hop dance team, will be having their annual Spring Showcase on April 21nd and April 22nd! Doors will open at 6:30pm and the show will begin at 7:00pm! This year it will be hosted in the auditorium at International Cultural Center (ICC) on campus.
We will be performing a combination of group routines, solos, and duets, all choreographed by DWS members. We will also have a few special guest performances so you won't want to miss it! Admission is $2 to help fund our future endeavors. Donations will also be accepted and you will be entered in a raffle for some free DWS mercandise! We are looking forward to showcasing all the talented members of Dancers with Soul and hope to see you there!
Want more info on our team?
FB: https://www.facebook.com/dancerswithsoul
IG: @dws_ttu
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/DWSTxTech1
This announcement is represented by a registered student organization.
A passive nation is recipe for disaster in preparation for oil
– Int'l oil expert
By Abena Rockcliffe-Campbell
The worst thing that the people of Guyana, or any other oil producing country, can do is to sit passively while policymakers take actions that can change your lives for the better, worse or worst. That fact was impressed upon those who recently attended a lecture by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Shoreline Energy International, Kola Karim who is also the World Economic Forum Youth Leader 2008 honouree. Shoreline International is a Nigerian conglomerate with interests in oil and gas, power generation, engineering, commodities trading, infrastructure and construction across sub-Saharan Africa.
The lecture was held at Marian Academy's auditorium. Karim touched on a wide range of issues relating to the theme of his lecture, “Entrepreneurship and its role in using the country's natural resources to establish a cooperative social contract for all of Guyana.”
In a series of articles this newspaper will highlight the many issues that Karim spoke about.
It is often said that oil can be a blessing or a curse but Karim does not subscribe to that. He said that oil is always a blessing; it's the management of the resource that sometimes turns out to be a curse. Karim said that ever since he was invited by Guyanese businessman, Stanley Ming, to give a presentation in Guyana, he has been reading everything about Guyana and looking at the country's uniqueness, most of which can be used to its advantage.
The international billionaire said that Guyana has a tremendous opportunity ahead and if handled well, oil can be the country's proverbial goose that lays the golden egg. He said that the goose needs to be protected and that is why Guyanese must make it their business to find out what is going on in preparation for first oil. In fact, Karim said that the worst action that Guyanese citizens can take at this time is no action at all. He impressed upon a mixed audience of grassroots, policymakers and entrepreneurs that the time is now to demand that the best provisions are made. Karim said that Guyanese must demand that the best steps are made to protect the environment and that a very strong Local Content Policy is set up and implemented as early as possible. “Citizens need to stand up,” he said.
Karim noted Guyana's small population and said that the pie is big enough to share for every Guyanese and nothing short of that should be accepted.
Karim is originally from Nigeria and is no stranger to the issues that can face oil producing countries. He said that, very often, oil companies are able to announce billions of dollars in profits yearly, while the masses see no improved standard of living from the exploitation of their resource. He said that Guyana has too small a population for a reality where the masses are not all financially well off when it is considered the resource that is to be pumped out of the ground.
Amid a sea of red in financial markets, Bitcoin is still flashing green.
The biggest cryptocurrency climbed as much as 5.4 percent Tuesday to $9,412, the highest since March 7. Bitcoin has gained 20 percent in the past week and 37 percent in April, on track for its best month since its record-breaking December.
Bitcoin is rebounding from its worse start to a year ever, as it slumped more than 50 percent in the first quarter and plunged to as low as $5,922 from almost $20,000 at the end of last year. The cryptocurrency market is gaining as tax-related selling ends and regulatory-related headlines fade, while Wall Street signals increasing interest in the space.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said Monday that it hired Justin Schmidt as head of digital asset markets to help clients gain exposure to cryptocurrencies, and cryptocurrency-focused hedge funds have continued to open even amid the market slump earlier this year.
Happy Wednesday, MarketWatchers! Here are the top personal finance stories of the day.
Personal Finance
Reset your routers to avoid malware attack, FBI warns
Russian hackers could take over your home.
Uber, beset by safety criticisms, introduces panic button
The company has been criticized for its handling of sexual assault cases.
Chase axes perk from its Sapphire Reserve card—why your issuer could do the same
Issuers are quietly scaling back some of their perks after the fanfare surrounding their cards' release.
More evidence that the opioid epidemic is only getting worse
The crisis is costing the U.S. more than $500 billion per year.
Barron's subscriptions being made free to students and educators as part of Dow Jones Media Group's financial-literacy program
Only 7% of high-school students are considered financially literate
How America has changed since ‘Roseanne' premiered in 1988
The legendary sitcom shed light on working-class Americans' economic hardships.
People are splurging on gluten-free superfoods—for their dogs and cats
One woman threw an entire rabbit—with fur—into a meat grinder and added carp eyeballs to the mix.
The profit on selling this small business stock carries zero federal income tax
What you should know about QSBC stock and the ‘seductive' 100% federal income tax exclusion.
Roseanne's hard lesson: The First Amendment protects you, not your job
Read this before writing your next tweet.
U.S. taxpayers need stronger protection from the next housing crash
Investors in mortgage-backed securities need to shoulder more of the default risk.
Elsewhere on MarketWatch
Upbeat ‘Beige Book' prognosis of economy keeps Fed on track for June rate hike
The Federal Reserve said the U.S. grew “moderately” from late April to early May in its latest evaluation of the economy, indicating the central bank remains firmly on track to raise interest rates next month.
Here's what businesses did with Trump tax-cut windfall. Hint: they didn't spend it
American businesses got a huge tax cut in the first quarter, but they didn't do much with the extra cash. Most of the dough ended up in their bank accounts.
Navarro attacks Mnuchin for saying the China trade war was ‘on hold'
A U.S.-China trade war ‘on hold'? Trump trade adviser Peter Navarro says a dispute is plain to see.
‘Flash boys' exchange IEX hits back at Nasdaq lawsuit
IEX Group Inc., the nascent exchange known for its attacks on high-frequency trading made famous by Michael Lewis's book “Flash Boys,” hit back at Nasdaq Inc. on Wednesday, asking a federal court in New Jersey to dismiss a lawsuit alleging it infringed on Nasdaq's patented processes to support stock exchange operations.
If the job market is so great, why aren't many people getting pay raises?
An unusually high percentage of American workers still aren't getting pay raises nine years after the end of the Great Recession — and that suggests the threat of inflation is still quite low.
U.S. GDP revised lower for the first quarter on inventories
The U.S. grew economy grew 2.2% in the first quarter, a touch softer than originally reported, mainly because of a slower buildup in inventories. Yet in the big picture the revised GDP report doesn't change anything. All signs to faster growth in the spring.
U.S. jobs growth continues in May as labor market tightens, ADP says
The U.S. added 178,000 private-sector jobs in May, payrolls processor ADP said Wednesday.
U.S. trade deficit falls slightly in April
An early look at U.S. trade patterns in April showed a small drop in the nation's trade deficit, perhaps another small sign that the economy will grow faster in the second quarter.
Chinese editorials, trade officials slam U.S. move to push ahead with tariffs
China bristles at U.S. plan to stick with threat of $50 billion of tariffs on Chinese imports even as talks between the two sides were scheduled to resume this weekend.
Haven't subscribed yet to MarketWatch's daily personal finance newsletter? Sign up here.
[April 24, 2018] New Virtual Store Remodeling Solution Enables Customer-Driven Store Design and Testing in a Virtual Reality Environment
DALLAS, April 24, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Symphony RetailAI, the leading global provider of Artificial Intelligence-enabled decision platforms, solutions and customer-centric insights that drive validated growth for retailers and CPG manufacturers, today announced the launch of its SR Virtual Store Remodeling solution for grocery retailers and suppliers. This turnkey virtual reality (VR) offering enables retailers to optimize existing and new store layouts based on customer-driven design, research and testing analysis, and allows CPGs to analyze how products look and perform on the shelf. Ultimately, the solution promotes better shopper experience, operational efficiency and supplier collaboration without significant resource investment from retailers and CPGs.
“Our Supermarket 2020 findings reveal that as dynamic new competitors emerge and customer shopping behavior continues to evolve, there is a major need to reevaluate the layout and function of stores,” said Vishal Kirpalani, VP Product Experience & Design, Symphony RetailAI. “With SR Virtual Store Remodeling, we can create intelligent store layouts that engage customers based on their actual preferences. The solution allows us to work with retailers and remove the guesswork to design new and unique layouts for each store location at a lower cost and execute virtual customer tests that ensure these investments will be optimized at the store, aisle and shelf level.” In contrast to traditional live testing environments that require expensive and rigid physical models, virtual reality offers unparalleled efficiency for presenting and collaborating on new store and shelf visions. Introducing smoother work processes, innovation and experimentation trough all levels of the store, SR Virtual Store Remodeling does this in three distinct phases: Future-Proof Design Concepts
Based on Supermarket 2020 concepts and detailed analysis of in-store customer behavior, the Symphony RetailAI Shopper Experience group creates a virtual 3D model of any variety of a retailer's store layouts and vision. Stakeholders at all levels of the planning process have visibility into store concept and can easily configure and improve connected processes by integrating real store plans, planograms and shopper marketing activations, without affecting any live stores. Virtual Customer-Driven User Testing
Once virtually constructed, Symphony RetailAI hosts real shoppers at its Virtual Store Test Center in Dallas or through a virtual portal, where they “walk” through the concept, replicating the emotional response to the store space and the shopper journey. This is a vital component of ensuring stores cater to today's actual customer needs instead of outdated concepts. Actionable Analysis
Symphony RetailAI reviews customer behavior from the virtual store concepts and then measures the implications of their feedback to create actionable next steps. This customer-driven, virtual process happens very quickly, but provides detailed shopper input to help retailers test and respond to new customer expectations, competitive pressure and seasonal changes faster, at a lower cost, and with greater confidence. “The shopping experience is the key to success in today's retail environment,” said Dr. Pallab Chatterjee, Chairman and CEO, Symphony RetailAI. “Retail stores are realizing the need to maintain a dynamic ability to engage the shopper with the right format for the right occasion and make shopping fun and easy. Virtual reality simplifies this process and makes it easy to share vision and plans across the enterprise and beyond, providing unrivaled clarity for internal and supplier stakeholders to ensure new store layouts realize their potential.” Additional information on how SR Virtual Store Remodeling can give your business the complete confidence to design, research and analyze store layouts to improve in-store customer engagement, with greater speed and reduced cost, can be found here.
About Symphony RetailAI
Symphony RetailAI is the leading global provider of Artificial Intelligence-enabled decision platforms, solutions and customer-centric insights that drive validated growth for retailers and CPG manufacturers, from customer intelligence to personalized marketing, and merchandising and category management, to supply chain and retail operations. Symphony RetailAI is innovating rapidly to drive faster, more profitable decisions through AI, machine learning and voice technologies. We are trusted by over 1,200 organizations including 15 of the world's 25 largest grocery retailers, thousands of retail brands, and hundreds of national and regional chains worldwide to help solve their toughest business problems, through AI-powered customer intelligence and retail solutions. Symphony RetailAI was formed in January 2018 incorporating Symphony GOLD and Symphony EYC into the company as the Retail Solutions Division and Customer Intelligence Division respectively. More at www.symphonyretailai.com. Follow us on Twitter: @SymphonyRetail Media Contact
Adrienne Newcomb
Ketner Group Communications (for Symphony RetailAI)
adrienne@ketnergroup.com
512-794-8876
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
The number of rigs exploring for oil and natural gas in the U.S. declined by four this week to 936.
That's up from the 524 rigs that were active a year ago.
Houston oilfield services company Baker Hughes said Friday that 748 rigs sought oil and 187 explored for natural gas this week. One was listed as miscellaneous.
Among major oil- and gas-producing states, Oklahoma gained three rigs and Colorado added one.
Texas lost three rigs, Pennsylvania and Wyoming lost two each, and Louisiana shed one rig.
Alaska, Arkansas, California, New Mexico, North Dakota, Ohio, Utah and West Virginia were unchanged.
The U.S. rig count peaked at 4,530 in 1981. It bottomed out in May of 2016 at 404.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. — New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker traveled to Alabama to campaign for Democratic Senate nominee Doug Jones on the final weekend before voters go to the polls.
But the clear subtext of Booker's visit was the 2020 presidential election.
While this red state isn't competitive in general elections at the presidential level, Alabama and other Deep South states can be pivotal in Democratic primary races. As Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton demonstrated, a contender who can consolidate the support of African-American voters in this part of the country has a major advantage in trying to win the party's nomination.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Women voters will be key to Alabama Senate election 3:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"For any candidate that's interested in running in 2020, Alabama is in play. We're going to be a player," state Rep. Anthony Daniels, Alabama's first black House minority leader, said after Jones spoke to a Baptist congregation here.
While Booker's known to political insiders in Alabama, Daniels said, this campaign swing for Jones will make him a more familiar figure among rank-and-file voters. "It probably helped him, too," Daniels said.
With @GDouglasJones, visiting churches in Birmingham this morning. So grateful for the rousing greeting we are receiving at every church. The energy is so uplifting. Alabama votes on Tuesday. pic.twitter.com/6xero2ZLSU — Cory Booker (@CoryBooker) December 10, 2017
At a rally in Birmingham on Sunday afternoon, Booker was asked by a reporter why a New Jersey senator would come to Alabama — and he stressed his ties to the state.
"My roots go into this state. My family were coal miners in the state of Alabama. I owe a debt to Alabamans, and I can't pay it back — those generations have passed — but I can pay it forward," he said. "I'm here to try to let folks know how special this community is, how special this state is."
As he spoke, a man in the crowd shouted, "Booker 2020!"
Asked about that, Booker deflected by noting that his Senate seat is up the same year.
Still, Booker had an opening to lay some political groundwork that wasn't available to all of the 2020 hopefuls. For the most part, Jones' campaign wanted national-level Democrats to stay out of the state, fearing that his opponent, Republican Roy Moore, would attack Jones for involving outsiders in the race.
When former Vice President Joe Biden came to the state in October, Republicans seized on his appearance to tie Jones to national Democrats and interest groups that align with them.
But the Jones camp's informal embargo on Democratic heavyweights did not apply to members of the Congressional Black Caucus, as the candidate's hopes hinge in part on mobilizing black voters. Democratic Rep. Terri Sewell, the only African-American in the state's nine-member congressional delegation, organized appearances by several black lawmakers over the weekend.
Booker is one of three black Democrats who are often mentioned as potential presidential contenders in 2020. One of the others, former Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick, also campaigned with Jones. The third, California Sen. Kamala Harris, planned to be in Alabama but had a scheduling conflict, according to one of her aides.
Newark Mayor Cory Booker takes the stage to speak during day one of the Democratic National Convention at Time Warner Cable Arena on Sept. 4, 2012 in Charlotte, North Carolina. Joe Raedle / Getty Images
She has found other ways to support Jones, the aide said, including headlining a Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee event for Jones in Washington; raising nearly $170,000 for him using her e-mail list; signing onto a MoveOn.or appeal for him that netted more than $200,000 for him; and donating $5,000 from her political action committee.
Though Jones' focus in the final days of the campaign has been on turning out black voters, who account for about 27 percent of the state's population and made up 19 percent of the electorate the last time a Democrat, Don Siegelman, was elected governor in 1998.
Jones has become a cause célèbre for national Democrats — across the racial and ideological spectrum — because Moore has been accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls and because they abhor his record and comments on same-sex marriage, issues of importance to racial and religious minorities and other matters. But most elected Democrats have offered their support from a distance and stayed out of the state.
Not Booker, who surely knows the value of African-American voters in Democratic primaries in the South.
In 2016, Clinton beat rival Bernie Sanders in the Alabama primary with 78 percent of the vote. Her victory was fueled by 91 percent support among black voters, who accounted for 54 percent of the electorate, and she took 44 of the state's pledged Democratic convention delegates to Sanders' nine.
That 35-delegate margin was her fourth largest in the country, behind only Texas, Florida and Georgia. And Clinton, who claimed 359 more pledged delegates than Sanders did nationwide, netted a 153-delegate edge in the Deep South states of Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, South Carolina and Louisiana, according to a calculation of Green Papers data.
She won those states handily because of the near-monolithic support she had among African-American voters, who accounted for half or the majority of the Democratic primary electorate in each of them. And all of them voted early in the primary process, helping her to stake out a big lead and build the narrative that Sanders could not overtake her. Similarly, Obama relied on the backing of African-American voters to defeat Clinton for the 2008 Democratic nomination.
The question for Booker and any Democratic presidential hopeful in 2020 is whether he or she can repeat the performances of Clinton and Obama in consolidating African-American support, or if black voters here and in states with similar demographics will split among the eventual contenders. It's far too early for voters to start making those kinds of decisions, but not for candidates to begin subtly wooing them.
In interviews with NBC over the weekend, some voters said they were aware of Booker before his weekend swing through the state.
Huntsville resident Marilyn King, 61, said it was "courageous" that Booker had lived for years in a foundering housing project in Newark so that he could immerse himself in the community and "honorable" that he came to campaign for Jones.
"There's something about Southern people: We don't forget things too easily," she said. "I think we're appreciative of him coming down. But we're going to watch him and see where he goes. So far he's looking good."
ATLANTA — Georgia medical marijuana advocates are outraged over the apparent stalling of a proposal that would expand the state's medical cannabis oil program to include those who are suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder or chronic pain.
Advocates and lawmakers held a news conference inside the state Capitol on Monday and questioned why the bill, which passed the House overwhelmingly last month, has not received a Senate committee hearing.
Rep. David Clark, the bill's sponsor, accused Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle, a leading gubernatorial candidate and the president of the Senate, of “playing politics” and stifling the proposal.
Clark, a Buford Republican, says those suffering from PTSD who have access to cannabis oil are less likely to turn to addictive opioid painkillers.
In a statement, Cagle said he has supported previous legislation that expanded cannabis oil access. He also says he wants a study committee to examine the issue.
Spain have won their past seven World Cup qualifying games
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique was jeered by fans as Spain qualified for next summer's World Cup with a comfortable 3-0 home win over Albania.
Pique said before the game he would not be driven out of the national team by fans opposed to his public support for the Catalonia independence referendum.
Jeers rang out from Spain fans each time the 30-year-old touched the ball in Alicante.
Goals by Rodrigo, Isco and Thiago sent Spain through with one match to spare.
The result means Italy, who drew 1-1 with Macedonia, will have to qualify for Russia via the play-offs.
Pique, 30, will miss Monday's final game in Israel (19:45 BST) through suspension, after picking up a second-half booking for pulling back Armando Sadiku.
Manchester City midfielder David Silva also picked up his second yellow card of the qualifying campaign, ruling him out of the Jerusalem tie.
Difficult night for Pique
Pique tweeted a picture on Sunday of his voting in the referendum - a vote which was opposed by Spain's national authorities and declared illegal by its Prime Minister - with a message that "together we are unstoppable in defending democracy".
He later said he will retire from international football if the federation wishes.
The former Manchester United player had been given a taste of what to expect in Alicante after he was jeered by some fans at a training session ahead of this game.
Not all Spain fans jeered Gerard Pique. One supporter held up a sign which said 'Pique you are the best. I want your shirt'
On Friday, supporters directed their displeasure towards the player, despite helping Spain to an easy win over Albania.
The 2010 world champions went 3-0 up inside half-an-hour.
Brazil-born forward Rodrigo had already wasted two good chances when he put the hosts ahead with a quality shot on the turn.
Real Madrid's Isco lashed home the second from 10 yards before Thiago headed home the third.
Pique finished the game on the substitutes' bench after being replaced in the 59th minute by Real Madrid's Nacho, to a mixture of jeers and applause.
Azzurri face play-offs after Macedonia draw
Four-time world champions Italy will have to qualify for next summer's tournament via the play-offs after conceding a late equaliser at home to Macedonia.
They would have taken the race to finish top of Group G into the 10th and final round of games with a win, although Spain have a far superior goal difference.
Juventus defender Giorgio Chiellini put Italy ahead five minutes before half-time in Turin.
However, the hosts were stunned when Aleksandar Trajkovski levelled in the 77th minute.
Italy keeper Gianluigi Buffon became the joint fourth most-capped player of all time when the 39-year-old made his 172nd appearance for his country.
Macedonia is unbeaten in three World Cup qualifying games
FORSYTH, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Over the weekend, 12-year-old Jamarion Johnson passed away after fighting brain cancer for two years. Monroe County Sheriff's Office shared the news on their Facebook page on Saturday.
Johnson was close with deputies. He was sworn in as an honorary deputy sheriff in February.
In December we talked to Johnson when we are DJ for a day at one of his favorite radio stations, 97.9 WIBB. He was also presented with a key to Macon-Bibb County.
RELATED STORY: iHeart Radio Grants Wish for 11-year-old Cancer Patient
Image copyright PA Image caption The remains were found by construction workers at Mepal, Cambridgeshire
The identity of a severed head found in a Cambridgeshire quarry is set to remain a mystery after police formally closed their investigation.
The grizzly discovery was made by a quarry worker at Mepal on 16 May 2016.
Forensic experts identified the head as that of a man aged 30 to 50, who could have died as long ago as the 1960s.
Despite an extensive investigation it is still not known who he was, but police said there was no evidence to link him to any past criminal cases.
The discovery of the head led to a protracted search to identify who it might be, how they died and how the disembodied head came to end up in the Fens.
Identity 'mystery'
The National Crime Agency's DNA database failed to come up with a match for the remains.
Specialists from the Natural History Museum and an odontologist (forensic dentist) also tried to identify the remains from the Block Fen Drove site.
Where he came from, and how he ended up at the quarry and landfill site is not know, but police believe the man may have been hit by a train in Bedfordshire in "a tragic accident".
Image copyright sbna Image caption Police searched a construction site at Sharnbrook in Bedfordshire, close to a railway bridge
"We believe the head may have been lodged somewhere along the structure of the bridge in Sharnbrook, and as part of the recent cleaning process has been dislodged, found its way into the skip and deposited at the quarry in Mepal," Det Insp Jerry Waite said in June 2016.
Detectives said the man might have died as long ago as the 1960s, but it was "more likely" his death occurred "about 10 years ago".
Image copyright Vizmaps/BBC
With no leads, Cambridgeshire Police confirmed the case had been "closed", but would reopen if more information came to light.
"We have utilised every opportunity available to us to try and identify this person but sadly at this stage their identity remains a mystery," a spokeswoman said.
MENASHA, WI (WBAY) – A Wisconsin man was arrested at the stroke of midnight leading into the new year after police say he was drunk when he launched himself at a patrol car with two officers inside.
The incident happened in the area of Oak Street and Nicolet Boulevard in Menasha, Wisconsin.
The patrol car, at the time, was parked in the roadway. Police say the man charged at the patrol car causing significant damage to the windshield. Video on the Menasha Police Department's Facebook page shows the entire incident.
Two officers were hurt while trying to take the suspect into custody. One of the officers was taken to the hospital but later released.
Menasha police say the man who charged at the patrol car was also taken to the hospital but eventually booked into the Winnebago County Jail on several charges. The name of the suspect has not yet been released.
What I thought was the most interesting in the New York Magazine article was the claim that we ended up here in part due to an early attitude that everything should be free that then ran headfirst into a need to make money.
Speaking as the guy who did the first advertising on the Internet in 1992, I apologize, although our model has always been the PBS/NPR sponsorship approach, rather than straight up advertising.
TidBITS – 20 Jul 92 TidBITS Sponsorship Program - TidBITS People often ask me, "How can you possibly afford to put out TidBITS for free?" The answer is "Not that easily." However, we believe that the individual should not have to pay for quality information
To my thinking, the subscription approach is far better at aligning interests between producers and consumers (more so than one-off sales, which force producers to chase new customers or build in planned obsolescence), but it then runs into the problem of people having too many subscriptions.
It's the latest twist in the company's efforts to survive the sexual misconduct scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein, shook Hollywood and triggered a movement that spread out to convulse other industries.
The company also announced it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from non-disclosure agreements preventing them from speaking out. That step had long been sought by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who filed a lawsuit against the company last month on behalf of its employees.
The Weinstein Co. said it has entered into a “stalking horse” agreement with an affiliate of Dallas-based Lantern Capital Partners as part of its bankruptcy protection filing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware. That means Lantern has agreed to buy the company, subject to approval from the court.
The company made the filing about two weeks after negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors falls apart. Lantern, which had been one of those investors, has now offered to buy most of the assets of the company and keep on its employees, the Weinstein Co. said.
Other bidders also could emerge, particularly those interested in the company's lucrative 277-film library, which includes award-winning films from big-name directors like Quentin Tarantino and horror releases from its Dimension label. Free of liabilities, the company's assets could increase in value in a bankruptcy.
The movie and TV studio becomes the first high-profile company to be forced into bankruptcy in the nationwide outcry over workplace sexual misconduct. Dozens of prominent men in entertainment, media, finance, politics and other realms have seen their careers derailed, but no other company has seen its very survival as tightly intertwined with the fate of one man as the Weinstein Co.
In more fallout over the scandal, New York's governor directed the state attorney general to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office not to prosecute a 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped her.
Weinstein, who was fired as CEO of his company in October, has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex.
Hanging in the balance is the fate of more than 100 employees and several lawsuits filed by Weinstein's accusers.
Under bankruptcy protection, those lawsuits will be halted and no new legal claims can be brought against the company. Secured creditors will get priority for payment over the women suing the company.
However, the lawsuit filed by Schneiderman's office will not be automatically halted because it was filed by a law enforcement agency.
The bankruptcy process also will bring the company's finances into public view, including the extent of its debt. Negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors led by businesswoman Maria Contreras-Sweet fell apart earlier this month after the buyers claimed they discovered up to $64 million in undisclosed liabilities, including $27 million in residuals and profit participation. Those liabilities come on top of $225 million in debt, which the buyers had said they would be prepared to take on as part of a $500 million acquisition deal.
The Weinstein Co. already had been struggling financially before the scandal erupted in October with a news story in The New York Times and The New Yorker. Brothers Harvey and Bob Weinstein started the company in 2005 after leaving Miramax, the company they founded in 1979 and which became a powerhouse in '90s indie film with hits like “Pulp Fiction.” After finding success with Oscar winners “The Artist” and “The King's Speech,” the Weinstein Co.'s output and relevance diminished in recent years. The company let go 50 employees in 2016 and continuously shuffled release dates while short of cash.
Several other executives and all but three members of the board of directors also have left the company. Last year, the studio sold distribution rights for the movie “Paddington 2” to Warner Bros. for more than $30 million.
It seems to me that one of the realities of writing an opinion column is that not everyone agrees with a position or sentiment I present. Sometimes the objection is minor, but on rare occasion someone offers a distinctly contrary view. That's what happened recently when I got an e-mail with the “from” line showing only “David” – no other identifier. Being fearful of some kind of lurking malware, I nearly deleted it without opening, but my curiosity caused me to find out what “David” had to share with me.
As it turned out, David wanted me to look at material that was in favor of a totally cashless environment – a position in direct opposition to that I recently expressed. We exchanged e-mails and I agreed to share with readers the vision of such a cashless society – according to the advocates of this concept. And so, here is a kinda overview of such – as derived from a number of sources.
First of all, everyone who “receives” or “spends” money must have a means of doing so using a credit card, smart phone, or some other device that has access to a bank account or similar financial holding through a payment system. Even the most casual payment such as to the teenagers shoveling snow from my walks and driveway would be made by some sort of electronic transfer.
One feature of such a society would be that many crimes would necessarily disappear, thus making communities much safer. Banks would no longer be repositories of cash – no huge vaults bulging with stacks of bills; no teller cages with drawers full of currency. Nope, bank robbers like the notorious Willy Sutton, who when asked why he robbed banks reportedly replied, “Because that's where the money is” would be out of business. Yep, no more terrified tellers, exploding dye packs, surveillance cameras, or law enforcement appeals for public assistance.
Armed robberies of businesses and individuals would also disappear because the objective of these criminal acts is cash. Pizza delivery drivers would carry only credit card information – no cash. Break-ins, whose purpose is to get cash and valuables, would also be deterred – no cash – and if stolen valuables were to be “fenced” any such transaction would be electronically identifiable.
What about the illegal drug scene? Well, some estimates show at least half of the drugs responsible for overdose fatalities is purchased with cash on the street. Furthermore the big time drug traffickers and dealers rely almost exclusively on cash. Thus, eliminating cash could help decimate this scourge.
Okay, moving on. Eliminating cash would also wipe out the government's costly burden of making coins and printing currency as well as the expense of all financial institutions and businesses of safeguarding both the storage and transportation of cash. Just think, no more armored cars.
There's lots more to be considered about this concept such as the burden to the estimated 25-30 million folks in this country currently without bank accounts or credit cards because they cannot maintain the required minimum balance or afford the fees and charges. There's also the unanswered question how the enormous amount of information about every financial transaction of every individual could be safeguarded, but supporters are not deterred.
David R. Warwick (the “David” of the e-mail I referenced) concludes in his blog MakeAmericaCashless.com.: “The true beneficiaries of cash are crooks who rob (violent by definition), burglarize, and steal cash ($40 billion per year from businesses alone) and who take advantage of its tracelessness to peddle pernicious drugs, to bribe officials, to traffic human beings, to trade in stolen property, to hide income from child-support judges, and from welfare providers, and from creditors and, of course, from the tax man.” Check his blog for lots more.
Well, there you have it – as promised to David – a once over lightly review of a contrary view to that I expressed about cash in our society. After having spent some time in looking over this counterargument, I'm sticking to my preference for a mixed variety of payment options.
I want my payment method to be both convenient and easy to use – which means sometimes it's credit or debit card, automatic addition to and deduction from my bank account, check, or cash depending on the situation. I'm still a bit leery about the safety and privacy of any digital transfer means, but I am well satisfied with those issues when it comes to cash. All in all, I guess I'm too old and stubborn to change my ways. At least that's how it seems to me.
By Bill Taylor
Bill Taylor, a Greene County Daily columnist and area resident, may be contacted at solie1@juno.com.
Bill Taylor, a Greene County Daily columnist and area resident, may be contacted at solie1@juno.com.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- An apology nearly two years in the making ends a dispute over a New Year's Eve party that left hundreds of party goers demanding refunds, and for some, their coats.
The party, promoted by the now defunct KC Connections, used former Kansas City Chief Joe Perez to promote the event on New Year's Eve 2014. But "Hangar 9" at the National Airline History Museum ran out of food and drinks, and some who checked coats never got them back.
In a lawsuit filed in Jackson County Circuit Court, Perez says the fallout damaged his reputation and business. He says a separate deal with the Airline Museum was done behind his back, and that the museum denied him access to the party when things went wrong. That agreement made the event a fundraiser for the museum, located at Charles B. Wheeler Downtown Airport.
Perez says he stepped up to take the heat in public, but as a result was publicly damaged. In his lawsuit Perez alleged he was not only denied access to the event but also to funds, so he was unable to help make any refunds.
The notarized letter of apology notes that Perez stepped up to handle complaints, but admits Perez's "business ventures, personal life, and reputation were attacked publicly." The owners apologized, saying in the latter "we are sincerely sorry."
Perez says he received no money from the event or the legal settlement. In a statement he says the goal of his lawsuit was to "bring the truth to light and provide answers to those affected by the unfortunate events of that evening."
He made this statement:
“My goal in pursuing legal action was to bring the truth to light and provide answers to those affected by the unfortunate events of that evening. Since the day this happened, I have felt an overwhelming sense of obligation to fulfill my responsibility to the attendees by providing an understanding of what transpired that night. I realize this doesn't erase what happened or minimize the impact of those negatively affected by the evening and its aftermath. I hope this provides some answers that, regretfully, I could not provide at the time due to issues that were out of my control.”
Your browser does not support iframes.
50 Cent landed a big win in court recently, against two guys who claimed the rapper ripped off their idea for his hit TV show, “Power.” The two wrote a play all about the drug hustle and everything related to it, but at the end of the day, the judge says it isn't stealing, because certain parts of the narrative just come with the territory.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
Click on the audio player to hear more in this exclusive clip from the hip-hop spot on “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show.”
Listen to “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show” LIVE every weekday from 6/5am C.
RELATED: 50 Cent Admits To Leaking “Power” Episode [EXCLUSIVE]
RELATED: Phresher On How It Felt To Get A Phone Call From 50 Cent [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
RELATED: Hip-Hop Spot: Why 50 Cent Wants To Be Killed Off His Own Show [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
The Latest:
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has died at age 60 Pauses
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
classic glam 💄 hair and Makeup @adamlesimmons A post shared by Trisha Paytas (@trishapaytas) on Dec 4, 2017 at 12:24pm PST
Who would have thought that chicks were checking for Orenthal James Simpson in 2017?
Well Youtube star Trisha Paytas sure wants some of the juice, according to her latest music video entitled, “Dear Mr. O.J.” If you thought you've seen it all in 2017, you haven't seen anything yet.
Paytas is known for her outlandish videos and wacky humor. Hit the flip to see the Youtube star's parody of Vogue's “73 Questions.”
1 2Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
PC culture is tossing out classic American novels and other comments Transit expert: Why It Pays To Stop Fare-Beaters Neither Mayor de Blasio nor officials at the MTA were given a heads-up on Manhattan DA Cy Vance's decision to stop prosecuting...
School pulls 'Huck Finn' and 'To Kill a Mockingbird' over n-word DULUTH, Minn. — Two classic American novels will no longer be required reading in eastern Minnesota schools because they contain racial slurs. “The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn” and “To Kill...
In 'Band of Robbers' Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn are 30 Mark Twain's eternal boys, Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn, ride again as modern 30-something misfits in Adam and Aaron Nee's cheery heist caper for literary nerds. Tom (Adam Nee) is...
HARTFORD — The 51st annual Paul Brown Monday Night Jazz series will begin its 2018 season on July 9.
The event will feature Michael Palin and the other Orchestra plus the Jason Palmer Quartet featuring Donny McCaslin from 6 to 10 p.m. at the Bushnell Park in downtown Hartford.
The series is presented by the Hartford Jazz Society and will continue every Monday night through Aug. 13. All concerts are free and open to the public.
Other performances include Eli Williams Blues Jazz Project and the Dr. Lonnie Smith trio; Don DePalma Trio with vocalist Linda Ransom and the Laszlo Gordony Sextet; West End Blend and the Theo Croker Quintet.
All concerts will be broadcast on WWUH 91.3 FM and online at www.wwuh.org. The rain venue for Monday Night Jazz is Asylum Hill Congregational Church at 814 Asylum Ave., Hartford.
For more information about featured artists, visit www.hartfordjazzsociety.com
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sterling's tattoo was pictured during training in Burton-on-Trent on Bank Holiday Monday
England footballer Raheem Sterling has defended his new tattoo of a gun, saying it has a "deeper meaning" and refers to his late father.
Anti-gun campaigners criticised the Manchester City forward after he shared a photo of himself with the tattoo of an M16 assault rifle on his leg.
The image has been called "totally unacceptable" and "sickening".
But Sterling said it reflects a vow he made to "never touch a gun" after his father was shot dead when he was a boy.
According to previous reports, Sterling's father was killed in Kingston, Jamaica.
Sterling, 23, who will travel to Russia this summer as part of England's World Cup squad, first revealed his tattoo in a photo posted to Instagram of himself in training with team-mates at St George's Park.
Image copyright @sterling7/Instagram Image caption Sterling is currently in World Cup training with the England squad
Lucy Cope, who founded group Mothers Against Guns after her son was shot dead in 2012, said Sterling should not play for England unless he gets rid of the tattoo.
Speaking to the Sun newspaper, she said: "This tattoo is disgusting. Raheem should hang his head in shame. It's totally unacceptable.
"We demand he has the tattoo lasered off or covered up with a different tattoo.
"If he refuses he should be dropped from the England team. He's supposed to be a role model but chooses to glamorise guns."
Sterling, who joined City from Liverpool for £49m in July 2015, responded on Instagram on Monday evening.
Image copyright @sterling7/Instagram Image caption Many fans and football commentators defended Sterling on social media
Former England player-turned-pundit Gary Lineker said Sterling was "a terrific footballer with a brilliant work ethic", and called the Sun's treatment of him "disgusting".
Many who tweeted their support highlighted the footballer's interaction with fans at a training event at St George's Park and other experiences of Sterling's character.
Skip Twitter post by @MelissaReddy_ Raheem Sterling is a phenomenal individual. The amount of utter rubbish he continuously rises above would floor most. There are the descriptions like 'footie Idiot,' the relentless targeting of his normalcy - shopping, eating - and his family too. He is 23. Just leave him be. — Melissa Reddy (@MelissaReddy_) May 28, 2018 Report
The youngest Noble Prize laureate is now the youngest person to ever address the House of Commons.
Malala Yousafzai spoke in Ottawa on Thursday. North Island-Powell River MP Rachel Blaney says Malala and received a very special honour.
“There was a great turnout to hear her words and she received honourary Canadian citizenship.”
Blaney says Yousafzai spoke about women, women's rights and refugees and says it was an honour to hear her speak.
1:36 'The King,' (Elvis impersonator Will Kettler) is in the house for Valentine's Day weddings Pause
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of his internment for first time since 1942
0:33 Fresno police arrest two after string of armed robberies
3:08 Public expresses views on proposed Rental Housing Improvement Act in Fresno
3:02 Meet Alexander Mickelthwate, the third conductor candidate for the Fresno Philharmonic
2:06 She watched her husband die in icy Fresno apartment: 'He couldn't fight the cold'
1:39 Most babies should be exposed to peanuts earlier, according to new guidelines
0:52 Visalia couple wins $65,000 Valentine on 'The Price is Right'
1:20 6 things to know about Calexit – the plan for California to secede from the U.S.
Former 76ers general manager Sam Hinkie was the architect of the Sixers' process. The years of tanking in hopes of stockpiling picks ultimately cost Hinkie his job, but it also brought Joel Embiid to Philadelphia.
Embiid admits he's somewhat responsible for Hinkie's ousting.
The Sixers star missed his first two seasons due to foot injuries after being selected with the No. 3 pick in 2014. Hinkie's investment in Embiid was a risk given his health concerns entering the draft, but Hinkie pulled the trigger on Embiid anyway. The past two years have proven that Hinkie's chance on Embiid was worth it, and Embiid still keeps in touch with the former GM.
He said in an interview with NBA.com:
Yeah, we text sometimes. We talk to each other sometimes. I mean, that's the guy that drafted me, and he made sure he put everything in place so I could get healthy. And I got healthy and I got back on the court. And I feel like he basically kind of lost his job because of me, because I missed two years. So I feel like I owe him a lot. Yeah, we talk. We talk sometimes.
Hinkie resigned in April of 2016. At that point, Embiid had yet to make his NBA debut.
You can read the full interview here.
Courtesy Empire State Realty Trust, Inc.(NEW YORK) — From “An Affair to Remember” to “Sleepless in Seattle,” New York City's Empire State Building is an icon for romance in film. On Tuesday, real-life couples exchanged vows at the top of the world-famous — and romantic — New York landmark.
Fourteen couples wed in individual ceremonies at the Empire State Building's 86th floor observatory as a part of the Empire State Building's Valentine's Day weddings contest.
Jean-Yves Ghazi, director of the observatory for the Empire State Building, called the historic structure the “most romantic place on earth,” adding that hundreds of applications were submitted for the contest.
“It's an open application,” he told ABC News. “It's based on originality, what the meaning actually has for them to be married on top of the Empire State Building.”
“This is the only day of the year when we actually wed couples … it's so gratifying to be able to host these events,” Ghazi said. “It's about making this happen, this dream a reality for 14 couples.”
“This is our 23rd year of celebrating this special day,” Ghazi said. “Love is in the air, literally!”
Meet some the couples who were chosen for this year's Valentine's Day weddings:
Krista Owens and Danielle Reno of Wantagh, New York, and Levittown, New York
Krista Owens, a New York Police Department officer, and her new wife, Danielle Reno, donned matching “just married” sneakers at Tuesday's wedding.
Owens and Reno met through mutual friends and live on Long Island.
After they found out they won the wedding contest, they were “really exited” but also “really stressed,” as they had just a few weeks to get ready for the ceremony, the couple told ABC News. They plan to have a larger celebration in June.
“I, Danielle, take you, Krista, to be my wife, my partner in life and my one true love. I will cherish our union. I will trust and respect you, laugh and cry with you, loving you faithfully, through good times and bad. I will help you to make your dreams come true, even the small ones, and to love you more than I love myself. I give you my hand, my heart, and my love from this day forward.”
Andrea Hurtado and Andrew Reed of Cutler Bay, Florida
Andrew Reed met Andrea Hurtado shortly after he enlisted in the Army. Even though Reed spent five years stationed in Kentucky and served two deployments in Afghanistan, he kept his long-distance relationship with Hurtado alive through phone calls and Skype.
They now live together in Florida and their family traveled from Florida for Tuesday's ceremony.
Hurtado's grandmother told ABC News she was in disbelief when her granddaughter told her about the Empire State Building wedding.
“They got engaged here in New York. It was beautiful — sunset, Brooklyn Bridge,” she said.
Hurtado's grandmother called it a “very unique, beautiful wedding.”
“Some memory she's gonna have,” she said. “She's gonna have a lot to tell her children.”
As Hurtado and Reed wed in front of the New York City skyline, officiant Kelly Lemons said, “When the two of you met through mutual friends eight years ago in Miami, the timing was not ideal for togetherness — Andrew had just enlisted in the Army. In the months that followed your chemistry grew, and after Andrew deployed, Andrea would write frequently, the old fashioned way — with letters. Mail days became the days Andrew most looked forward to. And after four months of training he expected to see his parents, but was pleasantly surprised to see Andrea, as well. Something very special was happening.”
“Long distance is tough enough,” the officiant continued, “but you two have lasted through five years of it, including two deployments to Afghanistan. We all would acknowledge Andrew's strength in his service, but Andrea, too, deserves credit for her strength of heart in trusting your love. There is nothing you can't get through together.”
After the wedding, Hurtado told ABC News she was “so grateful.”
“This has been an unbelievable experience,” she said. “We couldn't have wanted it any other way.”
Her new husband called the wedding “very fitting” since they got engaged in New York. “We're very lucky and very happy,” Reed told ABC News.
Laura and David DeMusz of Middletown, Delaware
For high school sweethearts Laura and David DeMusz, Valentine's Day is a vital part of their story.
The duo fell in love when they were 15 years old. During a Valentine's Day dance, David DeMusz asked Laura to marry him while “My Forever Valentine” was playing.
They wed on Valentine's Day in 1998 and are now renewing their vows on their 19th wedding anniversary.
Yanqiu Wang and Huan Yang of China
Landmarks have marked important relationship milestones for Yanqiu Wang and Huan Yang.
The two met at the Canton Tower in Guangzhou, China, and then fell in love.
At the Macau Tower in Macau, China, Huan proposed.
Their tradition continued Tuesday at the Empire State Building.
Catherine Malat and Eric LeStrange of Milford, Connecticut and Shelton, Connecticut
Catherine Malat and Eric LeStrange knew each other in the 80's, but then they lost touch and they married other people.
After Malat's divorce, she contacted LeStrange through Facebook.
A few months later, a relationship blossomed.
Cynthia Eska and Joseph Moccia of Berkeley Heights, New Jersey
Joseph Moccia was serving in the United States Marine Corps when his relationship began with Cynthia Eska three years ago.
When Mocci was on military leave, one of the couple's favorite dates was going to the top of the Empire State Building.
Jennifer Cuatt and Christopher Langmack of North Salem, New York
For Jennifer Cuatt, the Empire State Building is a meaningful part of her family history. After her great-grandfather emigrated from Slovakia to the United States, he worked as a plaster worker and helped build the Empire State Building.
Jennifer and Patrick Davenport of Port Orange, Florida
The Empire State Building holds a special significance in the Davenports' relationship. The Florida couple got engaged at the Empire State Building, and two years later, they had their wedding there. On Tuesday, Jennifer and Patrick Davenport returned to renew their vows.
The couples' background information was provided by Empire State Realty Trust.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Nike golf announced on Sunday that World No. 1 golfer Jason Day has signed on to become the newest staff member next season. And, after a Day himself announced the news with an awesome Instagram post of his own, Nike dropped this inspiring first ad.
.@JDayGolf didn't reach No. 1 alone. He didn't do it by flying south for winter, either. Watch #NikeGolfClub's newest Ace show his cards. pic.twitter.com/VWBbQYJs7T — Nike Golf (@nikegolf) January 1, 2017
When a person is retiring, the elimination of work as a life-structuring factor often reduces psychological well-being. Many retirees report loss of status, identity and employment-based social support; some feel a loss of purpose. Sadly, some people who find the adjustment to retirement difficult resort to increased alcohol consumption — and sometimes alcohol abuse.
Now a new study shows that drinking is increasing among those 60 and older, especially women.
Between 1997 and 2014, the number of current drinkers among men 60+ rose by 0.7% per year. Among women 60+, the number of current drinkers rose 1.6% per year. Both groups drank about the same average volume over time, but while binge drinking remained stable for men, it increased for women by 3.7% per year, the study said.
Involuntary retirement is more likely to be related to increased drinking.
That's according to a recent study in the journal Alcoholism: Clinical and Experimental Research that was based on the 65,303-respondent National Health Interview Surveys.
Alcohol abuse is no. 1 substance abuse of older adults
Several other studies have found that retirement leads to increased alcohol drinking and that alcoholism can rapidly advance in this age group. Indeed, alcohol is the most common form of substance abuse by older adults. Nearly 3 million Americans age 55 and older suffer from alcohol abuse; by some estimates, that figure will reach roughly 6 million by 2020.
And a 2009 study in the American Journal of Psychiatry found that among adults aged 75 to 85, roughly 27% of women and a disconcerting 49% of men drank beyond the recommended guidelines for their age.
So the general consensus is that retirement can be a potential trigger for new or increased alcohol-use disorders among older adults.
Common reasons given for turning to liquor in retirement: to cheer myself up, combat loneliness, relieve tension and counter boredom. In addition, the newfound leisure time also encourages increased alcohol consumption.
When drinking becomes ‘at-risk' drinking
The National institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism and the American Geriatrics Society recommends no more than seven drinks a week and/or two drinks per one occasion for adults over 65; anything above those levels is considered “at-risk” drinking, which might cause relationship difficulties or health complications such as hypertension, damage to the heart and liver and being more prone to accidents.
These drink figures may sound low, but that's because even small quantities of alcohol can have a significant impact on the health and functioning of older adults. As we age, we metabolize alcohol differently, so we become more sensitive to its effects. This means that the same amount we drank when we were younger can cause more intoxication.
Getty Images Some occupations have a heavy drinking culture, causing some employees, and then those same people as retirees, to be problem drinkers.
Often individuals deny that they have an alcohol difficulty because only dependence is considered by them as a problem. If if they can stop drinking for a certain time period, for example, two months, they are convinced mistakenly that they don't have an alcohol-related problem. They don't realize that binge or abuse or even misuse is considered a disorder and health risk.
6 factors affecting drinking in retirement
Alcohol consumption in retirement is impacted by six factors:
1. Your reason for retiring: Was it voluntary or an involuntary, forced retirement due to health issues (the retiree's or his or her spouse's) or organization pressure?
Involuntary retirement is more likely to be related to increased drinking, since the retiree didn't have time to plan for it and didn't want to do it. Likewise, voluntary retirement due to a person's own health issues is also associated with increased alcohol consumption. But voluntary retirement for other reasons, such as wanting to travel or spend more time with grandkids, is not associated with increased alcohol consumption.
2. Your social network: Some occupations have a heavy drinking culture, causing some employees, and then those same people as retirees, to be problem drinkers. Also, your social network of friends in retirement has an impact, too. If your new buddies have higher drinking norms than your old ones, be careful.
3. What work was like before you retired: Leaving a stressful work environment might result in less alcohol consumption in retirement, while quitting work you found rewarding may lead to higher levels of alcohol because a source of happiness has vanished.
4. Your age at retirement: Alcohol abuse is likely to be more severe among people who retire at a relatively young age (in your 40s) and, conversely, among those who continue to work despite being eligible to retire. Both of these groups are likely to drink more in retirement as a way of coping with stressors in their life, such as retiring early due to health issues or remaining employed with a manual job that's painful because of your age.
5. Your financial stress: Facing a dramatic drop in income in retirement causes some people to drink more heavily. Peter A. Bamberger of Tel Aviv University's faculty of management recently wrote in the Journal of Work, Aging and Retirement about the 10-year study of substance abuse in retirees that he and Samuel B. Bacharach of Cornell University conducted. Bamberger said the study found that serious financial straits in retirement can lead to feeling unstable, lonely and depressed, which can cause retirees to look to alcohol or drugs for comfort.
6. Your marriage: As I noted in my book, “A Couple's Guide to Happy Retirement,” roughly two-thirds of retirees experience increased marital conflicts and lowered marital satisfaction in the first two years of retirement. These difficulties might also trigger or aggravate alcohol misuse.
In summary, retirement per se does not cause alcohol abuse, but conditions underlying the decision to retire and experiences before and after retirement can.
As you plan and prepare for retirement, try to do whatever you can to strengthen the skills you'll need to cope with retirement stressors such as changes in your relationships and your finances. This can help prevent retirement from becoming a trigger for alcohol abuse.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
2017-10-06
The collapsed wall of Former President John Rawlings home
A former Head of State, Jerry John Rawlings, was also not spared by the Friday Morning downpour in the national capital Accra, as the walls of his Ridge Residence was toppled by the storm.
The collapsed walls, sighted by Citi News, resembled the remnants of an Accra Metropolitan Assembly demolition exercise.
There are currently at least four police officers at the residence, but the former President's security detail declined to speak to Citi News.
Meanwhile, the Ghana Police Service has deployed more personnel to various parts of the capital, Accra, to restore calm and order on the major roads after a Friday morning downpour.
There is heavy vehicular traffic on major roads in the country such as Spintex Road, Kaneshie and Kasoa after the rain.
The situation has resulted in serious congestion on the roads due to the immotorable nature of some adjoining roads.
Some drivers who called into the Citi Breakfast Show lamented that attempts by other drivers to manoeuvre their way through traffic have resulted in a gridlock, requiring police presence to restore order.
But Assistant Superintendent of Police (ASP) Alexander Obeng, Head of Education, Research and Training, MTTU, has said that the Police have already deployed personnel to address the situation.
“Traffic police officers are scattered all over those areas. We are doing what we have to do. It is because of the coincidence that it is rush hour, and usually traffic is there and it's intended indiscipline among motorists, and the rains that have blown down burying the road compounding traffic, but there shouldn't be panic,” he said.
“It is easing all over. Now we are on the ground and we are doing what we have to do,” he added.
Many parts of Accra and Kumasi have been submerged in flood waters, curtailing vehicular movement after few hours of rain on Friday morning.
Most drivers have been forced to make a detour, while others have parked their vehicles due to the pool of flood waters on major highways.
Areas such as Teshie-Nungua, Lapaz, Shiashie, Darkuman and Kaneshie in Accra and Kumasi Ahensan, have been badly affected.
The flooding situation has resulted in a gridlock in areas such as Tetteh Quarshie, Kaneshie and Lapaz.
The situation according to the Works and Housing Minister, Samuel Atta Akyea, may not improve until the country makes a $700 million investment to permanently fix it.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Jason Binkley kept up his scoring prowess – the defenseman scored for the seventh time this season and the third time in the last four games – but he was the only Komets player to find the back of the net Tuesday on pink ice for Valentine's Day in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
The Komets' lost 3-1 to the Kalamazoo Wings, after coming into the game on a 6-1-1 run that included a 5-3 victory Sunday at Wings Event Center.
Forward Kyle Thomas, who had three goals, an assist and a fight Sunday, was called up Tuesday morning to the American Hockey League's Cleveland Monsters, who also have the Komets' lone all-star, Shawn Szydlowski.
A game that began with a fight between Fort Wayne's Cody Sol and Kalamazoo's Tyler Biggs went in the Wings' direction early. Josh Pitt scored a power-play goal at 11:51 of the first period and Dajon Mingo made it 2-0 at 18:18.
After a second period in which the Komets had 14 of the 21 shots on goal, they got their first goal from Binkley at 6:11 of the third period.
Peter Schneider cemented the victory with an empty-net goal at 19:45, as Kalamazoo (24-21-4) improved to 4-4-0 this season against Fort Wayne (28-15-5).
The Komets are eight points back of Toledo for the Central Division lead, and both teams have 24 games remaining in the regular season.
Nick Riopel stopped 38 of 39 shots for Kalamazoo, which scored on 1 of 6 power plays, and he's got a 4-0-0 record with a .953 save percentage in the season series.
Garrett Bartus stopped 24 of 26 shots for Fort Wayne, which was 0 for 5 on power plays in front of 2,467 fans.
Notes: Komets captain Jamie Schaafsma didn't play because of a hand injury. …
The teams meet in a third straight game Friday at Memorial Coliseum. …
Including Bobby Shea with Rochester, the Komets, who don't have an affiliation with a higher-level team, have three players in the AHL.
has been busy on the promo trail pushing her new albumand making headlines along the way.
The youngest Braxton sister apparently ruffled some feathers when she posted a select from her album cover shoot leaving fans bombarding her comments section with skepticism.
EMPTY BOXES 🎁 #bluebirdofhappiness💙 A post shared by Tamar Braxton ❤️ (@tamarbraxton) on Oct 5, 2017 at 2:29pm PDT
Welp, Tae-Tae had time today and provided receipts for fans haters. In case you too thought her body was Photoshopped, here's a video that proves otherwise:
Hol'e up?? Where's the photo shop🤷🏼‍♀️ #pettybird🐦 #bluebirdofhappiness🐦💙 #body&Thoat A post shared by Tamar Braxton ❤️ (@tamarbraxton) on Oct 5, 2017 at 10:45pm PDT
From calling out Lil Mama on ‘The Breakfast Club” to announcing her tour with Xscape, Tamar is booked and busy chile.
GET THE LOOK: Tamar Braxton Looks Cute In A Camo Jumpsuit
Tamar Braxton To Wendy Williams: ‘This Is Why Monica Blocked Me'
WATCH: Tamar Braxton Teases 3 Music Videos For ‘Blue Bird Of Happiness'
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
1:39 New Everglades exhibit at Zoo Miami
1:11 Mall brawl at Sawgrass Mills
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
Division I
Tuesday's semifinals
No. 1 De La Salle 10, No. 4 Heritage 0 (5 inns.)
No. 2 Foothill 11, No. 14 Freedom 1 (5 inns.)
Saturday's championship at St. Mary's College in Moraga
No. 1 De La Salle (25-4) vs. No. 2 Foothill (23-5), 3:30 p.m.
Division II
Wednesday's semifinals
No. 1 Alameda 1, No. 4 Drake 0
No. 2 Maria Carrillo 5, No. 11 El Cerrito 4
Saturday's championship at Diablo Valley College
No. 2 Maria Carrillo (23-6) vs. No. 1 Alameda (26-2-1), 3:30 p.m.
Division III
Tuesday's semifinals
No. 9 San Marin 7, No. 5 Bishop O'Dowd 4
No. 2 Campolindo 12, No. 6 Kennedy-Fremont 3
Saturday's championship at St. Mary's College in Moraga
No. 2 Campolindo (15-10) vs. No. 9 San Marin (16-11), noon
Division IV
Wednesday's semifinals
No. 4 Piedmont 11, No. 1 Middletown 8
No. 10 Saint Mary's (15-11) vs. No. 6 Redwood Christian (19-7) at San Leandro Ball Park, 7 p.m.
Saturday's championship at Diablo Valley College
No. 4 Piedmont (19-9-1) vs. TBA, noon
Division V
Tuesday's semifinals
No. 5 Athenian 12, No. 1 St. Vincent de Paul 5
No. 2 Branson 3, No. 6 Berean Christian 1
Saturday's championship at Marin Catholic High
No. 2 Branson (16-10) vs. No. 5 Athenian (17-4), 1 p.m.
Division VI
Related Articles NCS baseball: Tuesday's scores, updated schedule
NCS baseball: De La Salle closing in on another title
NCS baseball: Foothill blasts Freedom to reach Division I final
NCS baseball: Weekend scores, updated schedule
CCS baseball: St. Francis claims fourth title in six years Friday's championship
No. 2 San Francisco Waldorf (18-6) at No. 1 South Fork (17-10), 5 p.m.
According to court records, on Dec. 10 of 2014, Detroit Lakes police received a report about theft from Voyageur Lanes. Roberts was secretary of the early Wednesday bowling league, and had collected $1,730 in lane fees and $930 in bowling fees from 13 teams, but failed to deposit the money at Bremer Bank as required. He told an investigator he lost the money.
Roberts appeared Feb. 1 before District Judge Gretchen Thilmony, who stayed imposition of sentence and placed him on supervised probation for five years.
He was ordered to serve 30 days in jail, with credit for five days served. He was fined $1,000 plus $2,660 in restitution and additional court fees for a total restitution and fees of $3,745. He was ordered to pay the restitution first, and was ordered to get a chemical dependency evaluation and follow the recommendations.
Oxford's McDonald's is one of around 1,000 locations in the country that will offer Szechuan Sauce tomorrow with its new chicken tenders — a long-awaited return for fans of the TV show, “Rick and Morty.”
The sauce first appeared in McDonald's restaurants in 1998, in connection with the release of Disney's “Mulan.” It disappeared after that year, but a joke in “Rick and Morty's” season three premiere prompted a widespread social media campaign for its return.
According to a press release, McDonald's now plans to deliver to their “most obsauced fans.” Customers who order the new Buttermilk Crispy Tenders will receive the sauce and will also potentially score a poster featuring the returning condiment.
McDonald's will start serving Szechuan Sauce starting at 2 p.m. on Oct. 7, while supplies last, according to the release. The chain has not officially acknowledged the cartoon connection, but show creator Dan Harmon thinks it's hard to ignore.
“Look at that art, look at the font,” Harmon told Polygon. “Look I'm not being sarcastic when I talk about this. If anyone from McDonald's is reading this, I don't see anything wrong with what they're doing and clearly neither does their legal department.”
Harmon said the situation is “hysterical,” as the reference in the show was simply to tease co-creator Justin Roiland's affinity for Szechuan Sauce. Following the episode's airing, McDonald's gifted Roiland (and three other fans) a jug of the beloved 1990s condiment.
If your family is sick of Fiesta Charra and Kona Bistro, or if you're not the only “Rick and Morty” fan among them, you can fuel up for the football or hockey games at McDonald's tomorrow.
daviskn3@miamioh.edu
@kirbdavis
Comments
Canty named Monarch Academy Teacher of the Year
Angela D. Canty currently works with sixth- through 12th-graders at Monarch Academy, relying on her 14 years of teaching experience to mold young minds.
Canty was recently named by her peers as the school's Teacher of the Year.
“The most rewarding part of my career in education is teaching students,” Canty said. “I work hard to see that spark of confidence in my students when they understand and achieve success. It is a privilege and an honor to help students.”
Canty has a bachelor of science degree in biology from the University of South Carolina Upstate; a master's of education in learning disabilities from Francis Marion University; and a master's degree in biological sciences from Clemson University. She also holds an environmental science laboratory certification from Central Carolina Technical College.
She is a member of the National Science Teacher Association; the Water Environmental Association South Carolina; and the Clemson Honor Society.
She is also active with the Fellowship Baptist Missionary Department, Mass Choir and Scholarship Committee.
Canty is the daughter of Isaac and Ada B. Cantey. She has a daughter, Chelce S. David and a son, Yul I. David.
In brief: Boom Supersonic has gotten another boost towards its goal of commercial supersonic flight by 2023. Boom founder Blake Scholl has announced a partnership with Japan Airlines, which invested $10 million in the company.
SUPERSONIC FLIGHT'S ROCKY PAST
We are one step closer to an affordable reboot of supersonic flight. Japan Airlines (JAL) has invested $10 million in the Denver-based aerospace company, Boom Supersonic, that's planning to resurrect the method of travel. In exchange for their funding, JAL will be able to pre-order 20 of the new aircraft. The airline's president, Yoshiharu Ueki, said in a press release from December 5: “Through this partnership, we hope to contribute to the future of supersonic flight with the intent of providing more time to our valued passengers while emphasizing flight safety.”
It's been 14 years since British Airways and Air France grounded their Concorde fleets, and commercial air travel hasn't hit supersonic speeds since. Fourteen of these planes ferried first-class passengers from New York to London at speeds of 1,353 mph (2177.44 kph) — twice as fast as the speed of sound — making the jaunt across the pond in only 3.5 hours. That's about half the time it takes a normal passenger plane to cross the Atlantic Ocean.
But the supersonic travel industry was hampered by prohibitive costs. Not only did it need four times as much fuel per passenger as a Boeing 747 airbus, but the average cost of a round-trip ticket was $12,000. Passenger numbers also dropped dramatically after the fiery crash of Air France Flight 4590 in Paris killed everyone on board.
A “BABY” CONCORDE
“We've been working with Japan Airlines behind the scenes for over a year now,” said Blake Scholl, founder and CEO of Boom Supersonic in the press release. The companies have been collaborating to improve the plane's design for passengers on board in addition to technical aspects.
LOS ANGELES (CBS Local) – Live Nation is kicking off the summer season by offering music lovers a big discount on tickets to thousands of live events.
The events promoter is celebrating the start of National Concert Week with $20 “all-in” tickets to over 2,000 of the company's tour of summer concerts. The deal starts on April 30 and runs through May 8 on Live Nation's website.
SAVE THE DATE: National Concert Week is almost here! To celebrate summer concert season, Live Nation is offering $20 all-in tickets to +1,500 shows from April 30 – May 8! https://t.co/oTfUUapt4J pic.twitter.com/jxMs8QzDYc — Live Nation (@LiveNation) April 23, 2018
According to a press release, the National Concert Week promotion will offer over 1.5 million tickets to live performances for “Comedy, Country, Hip-Hop, Latin, Metal, Rock, Pop and more.”
“National Concert Week is a time for artists and fans to celebrate their love of live music,” the company added.
During the special ticket offer, fans can cash in on live performances featuring dozens of stars including Alan Jackson, Bon Jovi, Kevin Hart, Keith Urban, Shakira, and many more. A full list of the shows fans can buy tickets for is available at livenation.com.
Is it the game or the ads that everyone's watching during the Big Game?
Well, while the teams hammer it out on the field, you get to select the winners in the more important matchup. Click on each ad and follow the simple scoring instructions and help us determine the real winners! We'll keep adding ads, so keep coming back!
Turkey's political parties are rushing to set up campaigns for a snap election that was called for June 24. The ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) and the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) called the election on April 20 as President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan seeks to extend his term and consolidate his party's power.
The AKP have been in power since 2002.
After a referendum in 2017, Turkey is moving toward becoming a presidential republic, and the post of prime minister will be abolished after this election. In addition, 600 legislative seats will be up for grabs. In the last parliamentary election in November 2015, the AKP received 49% of the vote while the opposition CHP received 25%. The smaller HDP took 10% and the MHP 11%. However, Turkey has been under a state of emergency since a 2016 coup attempt and tens of thousands have been sacked and arrested.A Brookings Institution paper argues that Erdoğan seeks to “ride a favorable wave of nationalism and cash in on a popular mandate before dark clouds over the economy turn into a storm.”In March, Turkey completed a two-month military operation in Syria aimed at what it says was clearing “terrorists” aligned with the Kurdish People's Protection Units from the border. Turkey has also been fighting the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) in the eastern part of the country since a cease-fire broke down in 2015. All this leads to uncertainty ahead of the vote.Burhanettin Duran at the Daily Sabah argues that opposition parties will have trouble finding a unifying candidate to oppose Erdoğan.Turkey is angry that EU states have criticized the election. The Monitoring Committee of the Council of Europe Parliamentary Assembly (PACE) called on Ankara to postpone the vote. Writer Ilnur Cevik accused Western states of “doing everything to interfere in the elections campaign.”A new party called the Good Party or IYI led by Meral Aksener, a former MHP member and former interior minister, has emerged as an interesting addition to the electoral map. Aksener has been joined by 15 members of parliament who left their former parties to join her campaign.The IYI has met with the CHP and the small Felicity Party, apparently to discuss strategy.Aksener said last year she fears the Turkish democracy is under threat.Former president Abdullah Gul, once a key ally of Erdoğan, also met with former prime minister Ahmet Davutoglu on April 23, in Ankara in a meeting whose details are under wraps. It may suggest that a number of former leaders of the AKP are considering their moves for the future.The campaign will take place as tensions rise along the Syrian border where Turkey has accused the Americans of working too closely with the YPG and as President Donald Trump is toying with the idea of pulling US forces out of Syria.This means any problems in northern Syria, where Turkish troops are based and patrolling, could affect the election.In addition, there will be tough questions for the mostly Kurdish HDP, many of whose leading members have been arrested and jailed in the last two years since their parliamentary immunity was stripped. Kurds in Turkey have also voted for the AKP in the last election; their turnout will be a key factor as Erdoğan will want to reach out to this key demographic. He also faces important questions about the status of millions of Syrian refugees in the country.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Better clear the junk out of your trunk: Amazon is now offering delivery service to your car.
The online retailer on Tuesday introduced Amazon Key In-Car, a delivery service that drops off packages into people's cars without the need for the owners to be present.
The new delivery option is free for Amazon Prime members and available immediately in 37 cities across the U.S., with more cities rolling out over time.
The service is an extension of Amazon Key, which Amazon introduced last November as a way for delivery people to enter customers' homes using keyless access. The program has received mixed reviews, with some touting it as a solution to package thefts from porches and others seeing it as an invasion of privacy.
With Amazon Key In-Car, customers with compatible vehicles download the Amazon Key App, then link their Amazon account to it. They select the "in-car" delivery option at checkout, and get notifications from the app once their package has been delivered.
Amazon tried the program out on a select number of customers, who beamed while sharing their experience in an Amazon-produced YouTube video Tuesday morning.
"Woohoo! All my packages are here," said one woman, opening her trunk to reveal three boxes neatly stacked inside. She described herself as a busy stay-at-home mom who frequently gets packages from Amazon and said this enabled her to receive them without worrying about her kids getting woken up from their naps.
Another customer said it helped him keep personal and business orders separate by giving him another delivery site.
But not everyone welcomed the idea.
"Oh god, no," read the top comment on Amazon's YouTube video Tuesday morning. The next comment simply said: "Wtf."
The cars must be parked in a publicly accessible location in order to receive packages, which will be placed either in the trunk or inside the car itself.
Some customers were skeptical.
"Amazon can't find my 3-story building and type in a key code. How do they expect to find and unlock the trunk of my car?" tweeted one person.
The service is available for compatible vehicles from Chevrolet, Buick, GMC or Cadillac with an active OnStar account no older than 2015, as well as customers with a 2015 or newer Volvo vehicle with an active Volvo On Call account, according to Amazon. More models and makes will be added over time.
It isn't Amazon's first alternative delivery site. The company also ships to Amazon Lockers, which are private kiosks at more than 2,000 locations across the U.S.
Amazon said the response to Amazon Key features for homes, like the keyless guest access and customers being able to monitor front doors remotely, prompted them to add in-car delivery.
"In-car delivery gives customers that same peace of mind and allows them to take the Amazon experience with them," Peter Larsen, Amazon's vice president of delivery technology, said in a statement.
ABN Amro, the Netherlands' largest domestic lender, today posted fourth-quarter net profit of €333m, beating expectations due to strong economic growth in the Netherlands.
Analysts polled for Reuters had expected profits of €279m compared to €272m the same time the previous year.
"Profitability improved on the back of growth in the loan book - mortgages, small and medium enterprise borrowers and corporate loans, and significantly lower impairments," said CEO Kees van Dijkhuizen, who replaced Gerrit Zalm on January 1.
Notably, loan impairments fell to €35m from €124m in the fourth quarter of 2015. Net interest income margin improved to 1.53% from 1.47%.
Van Dijkhuizen noted that growth in the company's mortgage book was the first since 2010 and in the small and medium sector, the first since before the 2008 financial crisis.
The Dutch economy grew 2.1% in 2016 and is expected to accelerate in 2017.
But the bank noted risks from possible protectionist policies emanating from the new US administration, and fallout from Britain leaving the European Union, as Britain is one of the Netherlands' largest trading partners.
With 80% of ABN's business focused on the Netherlands, it is seeking to grow international lending, focusing on commodities, renewable energy, food supply chain and utility providers.
"We have started on-boarding new clients in these sectors," Van Dijkhuizen said. "This shows that our bank can achieve growth both in the Netherlands and abroad."
However, the change will not occur swiftly - ABN said that in the fourth quarter its lending was 79% domestic and 21% international.
ABN continues to hold a large amount of capital. Its Tier 1 equity ratio, a common measure of solvency for banks is now at 17%, up from 16.6% at the end of the third quarter.
ABN has argued it needs to hold the money pending new guidance from the Basel committee on how much capital must be held to offset risk-weighted assets, notably mortgages - an issue that affects ABN and its major rivals in the Dutch market, Rabobank and ING.
ABN declared a dividend of 84 cents per share, from 81 cents in 2015, in line with its policy of distributing 45% of underlying profit.
The bank remains 70% owned by the Dutch state after its nationalisation during the 2008 financial crisis and re-listing in November 2015.
A powerful winter storm is barreling toward the Big Apple, bringing below-average temperatures to the region for the start of spring.
New Yorkers will celebrate the changing of the seasons with a high of 39 degrees and low of 29 starting Tuesday morning.
“It looks like it may take until April for the weather pattern to change up,” AccuWeather meteorologist Carl Erickson said, noting it's going to be a “good 10 degrees below average for the start of spring.”
The storm, dubbed Toby, is expected to bring up to 6 inches of snow on Wednesday — much of it expected to melt away by the end of the day.
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:25 One dead, one injured in uptown shooting
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
President Donald Trump said Monday that "racism is evil" as he condemned the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as "criminals and thugs." (Source: Pool/CNN)
(Shelby Lum/Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP). Protesters march on Broad Street late Sunday Aug. 13, 2017, in Richmond, Va. The group marched through the Fan District to the Lee Monument to Jackson Ward. The march was held a day after a white supremacist...
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on President Donald Trump and the weekend's violence and death in Charlottesville, Virginia (all times local):
12:45 p.m.
President Donald Trump is saying that "racism is evil" as he condemns the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as "criminals and thugs."
He is speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for his comments Saturday that "many sides" are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, he did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in his White House did condemn them by name.
___
11 a.m.
President Donald Trump is back at the White House and ignoring shouted questions about the race-fueled clashes in in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump briefly waved as he walked alone into the building, which is under renovation. He did not respond to loud queries from reporters about whether he condemns white supremacists and whether he condemns the actions of neo-Nazis.
One woman was killed Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who'd gathered to oppose a rally by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Trump has said "many sides" are to blame for violence.
The president is in Washington for one day during a working vacation mostly in Bedminster, New Jersey.
___
9:20 a.m.
The CEO of the nation's third largest pharmaceutical company is resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council citing "a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
President Donald Trump lashed out almost immediately Monday at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter, saying Frazier "will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
Frazier's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, that left one person dead and 19 injured. He said in a tweet on Monday that the country's leaders must "honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy."
Trump responded to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville by blaming bigotry on "many sides." He has not explicitly condemned the white supremacists.
___
9:15 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is telling ABC's "Good Morning America" that the death of a woman in Charlottesville, Virginia, "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute."
Sessions said the Justice Department is pursuing the case "in every way."
He added: "You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America."
Sessions also says he is meeting with President Donald Trump and officials from the FBI on Monday to discuss the recent violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
___
7:00 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says "too much has been read into" President Donald Trump's statement Saturday amid violence at a protest in Charlottesville, Virginia, related to the removal of a Confederate monument.
In several television interviews on Monday, Sessions said Trump had "explicitly condemned" violence and that "he totally opposes" the values espoused by white supremacy organizations. Trump referenced violence "on many sides."
He tells NBC News that Trump " will be speaking to the people today" although he isn't sure what Trump will say. Sessions added: "He's been firm on this from the beginning. He is appalled by this."
___
3:44 a.m.
As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent, pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for him to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump, who has been at his New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But he will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for his initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which he blamed bigotry on "many sides."
The White House tried to stem the damage on Sunday. Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows, yet they struggled at times to explain the president's position. A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
British police say two Britons who fell critically ill in the town of Amesbury were exposed to nerve agent Novichok, the same material used to poison a former Russian spy in a nearby area last spring.
Medical officials said Wednesday people who had been in the area where the couple had been should take precautions and wash their clothes.
Police said it is unclear if this incident is linked to the earlier poisoning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal, or if the batch was the same as the one that poisoned them on March 4.
SALISBURY, ENGLAND - MARCH 13: Police officers in forensics suits and protective masks work at the scene of the poisoning of Sergei Skripal on March 13, 2018 in Salisbury, England. (Photo by Christopher Furlong/Getty Images)
Christopher Furlong, 2018 Getty Images
Counter-terrorism police detective Neil Basu said it is unclear if the couple were targeted or if the poisoning was accidental.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ORLANDO (CBS Local) – Disney World is opening up their theme parks, and their wallet, in a search for thousands of summer workers this year. The Florida resort is looking to fill around 3,500 positions and is reportedly offering signing bonuses of up to $3,000 in order to entice part-time employees.
Disney's annual hiring blitz is in preparation for the summer vacation season and the company is looking to staff a wide variety of jobs including culinary chefs, lifeguards, bus drivers, and housekeepers. Disney began hosting a series of job fairs for these openings on April 23 at the ESPN Wide World of Sports complex, which focused on staffing the resort's cooking positions.
A lifeguard job fair is scheduled for May 2 at Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park in Lake Buena Vista. According to the Orlando Sentinel, full-time and part-time lifeguards can get a $1,000 signing bonus in 2018, double the amount from last year.
Disney's housekeeping job fair is being held on May 9 at the Walt Disney World Resort Casting Center. The company is also accepting applications for these openings Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Eastern Time through May. Housekeepers are receiving bonuses of $1,250 and an hourly wage of $10.50 according to the Sentinel.
Disney World's neighbor, Universal Studios, is also stocking up on employees for the summer rush. The theme park and resort also announced that they'll be hiring 3,000 new workers. The resort said in a press release it will be offering workers “competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits packages” as well as other perks like free admission to their park.
NFL fans were treated to a beautiful reunion on Thursday night with the premiere of the ESPN 30 for 30 documentary The Two Bills.
It featured Bill Belichick and Bill Parcells, who coached both NFL teams in New York together, reminiscing and looking back on their careers.
When they were asked to film in the Jets' locker room, however, the two of them didn't sound so happy about the idea and skipped it, maybe because Belichick left Gang Green under bad terms or because he's still coaching their AFC East rival:
"Not the Jets locker room"
"I'm not going in there" #TheTwoBills 😂😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/1VISDq2Fdu — '03 Kliff Kingsbury (@fearthe_beard11) February 2, 2018
Hear the way Belichick spits out “Jets” three times like he just ate something nasty? Yikes.
Parcells has an explanation for what viewers saw (via ESPN):
“Here's what happened,” he said. “We'd been there for quite a while and we knew we were pretty much done with the interview. They were just wanting to get more footage. Bill had a car waiting for him and I was ready to go. I remember, he was anxious to go and so was I, really. “It was like, ‘Where are they taking us now?' That's when we realized they wanted to take us down there and we just didn't want to go. It wasn't anything against anything. It was just time. … “I never had a problem with the Jets,” he said. “Listen, you know, I'm hoping Todd (Bowles) does well. He's one of my guys.”
Mhmmmm. Wonder what Belichick would say in response.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip). The ninth hole is seen during a practice round for the U.S. Open golf tournament Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at Erin Hills in Erin, Wis.
(AP Photo/Morry Gash). The ninth hole is seen during a practice round for the U.S. Open golf tournament Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at Erin Hills in Erin, Wis.
(AP Photo/Morry Gash). The flag on the ninth hole blows in the wind during a practice round for the U.S. Open golf tournament Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at Erin Hills in Erin, Wis.
By EDDIE PELLSAP National Writer
ERIN, Wis. (AP) - One of the many quirks at Erin Hills is what was originally called the Bye Hole - a devilish, downhill par-3 positioned between the old ninth and No. 10. It was initially built to be just for fun and wasn't supposed to count on the official scorecard.
By the end of the U.S. Open, a lot of these players might wish the course architects had kept it that way.
The old ninth hole is now No. 8, and the Bye Hole is now No. 9. The 135-yard par-3 is what the makers of Erin Hills consider their answer to one of the world's most picturesque golf holes - the short, downhill seventh at Pebble Beach.
"We didn't have the ocean, so we put in erosion bunkers," said writer/architect Ron Whitten, who helped design Erin Hills.
They also designed a rolling, multi-sectioned green that, in places, is near-impossible to hold, along with a tee box on an exposed, wind-swept hill.
As is the case at Pebble Beach, where the seventh measures 109 yards, on most days the shot requires nothing more than a pitching wedge. But where No. 7 at Pebble Beach ranked as the third-easiest hole at the 2010 U.S. Open, No. 9 at Erin Hills is designed to cause more trouble than that.
"Honestly, there are a couple spots where you just do not want to be," said Garrett Osborn, a onetime regular on the Web.com Tour who qualified for his first U.S. Open this year.
No. 9 has been described - and we'll keep it just to the printable things - as the shortest par-5 in golf, the hole with the scariest second shot at Erin Hills (if you miss the green on the first) and, as Alex Noren of Sweden said, "a hole where there's no way you can just hit a decent shot to get on there, you have to hit a super-good shot to have a chance."
During his practice round Wednesday, Noren tried to simulate what happens if the shot is not "super good."
He randomly dropped a ball in one of the seven bunkers that surround the severely pitched green. He stepped in, leaned down and took a mighty hack. The ball stayed in. He leaned down again and got it out on the second try, then walked to the ball, picked it up, looked at it and threw it toward the stands. The ball had an inch-long gash just above the Callaway logo from his first failed attempt.
Not that avoiding the bunkers guarantees success. The middle of the putting surface pitches severely right and funnels downhill into a tightly mowed collection area that can leave a tricky flop shot for a second.
"Guys are going to get a little upset with that if the ball hits the middle of the green and it rolls all the way off the green and maybe 10 yards down into a chipping area," Steve Stricker said. "I think at some point that may need to get a little softened."
Rain might do that, but during summer in Wisconsin, rain almost always means wind, too, and picking a club while playing downhill with a helping or crossing wind will be hard.
Osborn said he expects more players than not to end up short of the green, in part because the bunkers that guard the back are tougher - filled with uneven lies, uneven distribution of sand and little dimples of scrub and turf that protrude into the traps themselves.
All part of the plan.
"You could have a side-hill lie, a lie that might be in one of those little fingers where you can't even get the club on the ball," Whitten said. "You might have a lie where you can't take the club back. You might have to turn sideways or turn backward.
"But if you were in the water, it'd be even worse."
No. 9 offers the most extreme example of the architects' philosophy across the course: Use the natural form of the land to turn bunkers back into hazards.
"They shouldn't be so cushy and consistent and uniform from hole to hole," Whitten said.
The bunkering will increase the degree of difficulty on what is already the longest layout in U.S. Open history, at 7,741 yards.
And yet, it's the shortest hole that could give these players the biggest fits.
"Not super long," Noren said, "but it's probably one of the hardest greens I've ever seen."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BBC Sportscene
Sunday 18 March 2018
Jonathan Sutherland introduces highlights from the weekend's Scottish Premiership action. Champions Celtic visit Motherwell, Rangers host Kilmarnock and Aberdeen entertain Dundee. Elsewhere, St Johnstone host Hiberian, Partick Thistle are at Hearts and Ross County entertain Hamilton in what could be a crucial game in the battle to avoid relegation.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Cody James Marshall, 23, passed away on December 2, 2017 in Seattle, Washington. He was born October 24, 1994, in Cedar City, Utah, to Tim and Natalie Marshall, older brother to Ashlee, Hunter and Randy.
Cody was incredibly intelligent, and able to recite any number of trivia, especially about books, music, geography and statistics. He had a kind soul, never wanting anyone to feel unwanted or unloved. At times, the world was hard for him, and he struggled to feel the love and acceptance he always strived for others to feel.
Cody is survived by his parents, Tim and Natalie Marshall, of Panguitch, his sister Ashlee Sheridan, and brothers Hunter Marshall and Randy Marshall, his grandparents Tom and Laraine Marshall, and Vic and Joyce Gordon. He is preceded in death by his grandmother, Joyce Marshall.
A funeral service was held at 1 p.m. on Monday, December 11, 2017, at the Panguitch 2nd Ward chapel (178 N 400 East, Panguitch). There was a viewing on Sunday, December 10, 2017 at the Panguitch 2nd Ward chapel, and again on Monday, December 11, 2017, in the Panguitch 2nd Ward chapel. Interment was in the Panguitch Cemetery, under the direction of Southern Utah Mortuary. Online condolences can be sent to www.sumortuary.com
The leftist candidate defended his proposals to "speak with everybody" to solve Mexico's crime problem. He said he would even invite the pope to discuss how to carry out such a dialogue.
The other candidates harshly criticized the amnesty proposal. Third-place candidate Jose Antonio Meade said the proposal put Lopez Obrador "on the side of the criminals."
But all of the candidates conceded that Mexico's anti-crime and law enforcement policies have been a failure.
Even Meade, who is running for the governing Institutional Revolutionary Party, the PRI, and who served in several Cabinet posts in the current administration, acknowledged the weakness of police. "Above all, we don't investigate," he said.
Several candidates proposed creating an FBI-style federal investigation agency to make up for the fact that drug cartels operate freely in many parts of Mexico.
Since his failed presidential bids in 2006 and 2012, Lopez Obrador has sought to move to the middle and hadn't much mentioned the "poor come first" slogan of the 2006 campaign until Sunday. He later hedged it a bit, saying that if he is elected, his government "would represent the rich and the poor."
In 2006, Lopez Obrador also held a significant lead early in the race, and conservative sectors sought to link him to another leftist — then President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela, whose socialist policies are blamed by many for the economic implosion that is wracking that country.
Ricardo Anaya, the former head of the conservative National Action Party, again sought to play the Venezuela card Sunday, saying Lopez Obrador's proposal to hold recall votes was similar to tactics used by Venezuela's ruling socialists to hold on to power.
Known in the past for his extremely slow and often rambling speech, Lopez Obrador on Sunday was focused and appeared better prepared. He had little problem distinguishing himself from the other four candidates, because they all often turned to attack him.
Lopez Obrador has held a lead of as much as 20 points in some opinion polls on the July 1 elections.
"This isn't just another election," Lopez Obrador said. "This is to truly change things in this country."
Lopez Obrador became overconfident in 2006, skipped a debate and eventually lost by a tiny margin, and that the danger appeared to hover over him Sunday. At one point he said: "Here is the latest poll and, not to brag, but with all humility, 48 percent. Something terrible would have to happen" for him not to win.
Foreign policy was absent from the first debate, though it will be on the agenda for debates in May and June, but independent candidate and former first lady Margarita Zavala still got in a swipe at U.S. President Donald Trump.
"The focus of my government will be to defend Mexicans, to defend you, from the corrupt ones, from the criminals, defend you from Trump," Zavala said.
The debate was also marked by a couple of bizarre proposals.
Independent candidate Jaime Rodriguez, the swaggering governor of the northern state of Nuevo Leon, proposed cutting off the hands of politicians who steal public funds.
And, he said, "Mexico would be great ... if the president answered WhatsApp messages."
FOLLOW NBC LATINO ON FACEBOOK, TWITTER AND INSTAGRAM.
By Jeffrey Miller, Colorado State University
This summer, 45 million pounds of marshmallows will be toasted over a fire in America. Many will be used as an ingredient in the quintessential summer snack: the s'more.
Huddling around a campfire and eating gooey marshmallows and warm chocolate sandwiched between two graham crackers may feel like primeval traditions.
But every part of the process – including the coat hanger we unbend to use as a roasting spit – is a product of the Industrial Revolution.
The oldest ingredient in the s'more's holy trinity is the marshmallow, a sweet that gets its name from a plant called, appropriately enough, the marsh mallow. Marsh mallow, or Althea officinalis, is a plant indigenous to Eurasia and Northern Africa. For thousands of years, the root sap was boiled, strained and sweetened to cure sore throats or simply be eaten as a treat.
The white and puffy modern marshmallow looks much like its ancient ancestor. But for hundreds of years, creation of marshmallows was very time-consuming. Each marshmallow had to be manually poured and molded, and they were a treat that only the wealthy could afford. By the mid-19th century, the process had become mechanized and machines could make them so cheaply that they were included in most penny candy selections. Today the marshmallow on your s'more contains no marsh mallow sap at all. It's mostly corn syrup, cornstarch and gelatin.
Chocolate is another ancient food. Mesoamericans have been eating or drinking it for 3,000 years. The Europeans who encountered indigenous people in Mexico in the 1500s noted that chocolate was used to treat numerous ailments ranging from dysentery and indigestion, to fatigue and dyspepsia.
But again, it was the Industrial Revolution that made chocolate cheap enough and palatable enough for the average person. The chocolate that the Mesoamericans ate was dark, grainy and tended to be somewhat bitter.
In 1875, a candlemaker-turned-chocolatier named Daniel Peter invented a process to mix milk with chocolate. He then added some more sugar, and the modern milk chocolate bar was born. Peter's company eventually merged with Henri Nestle's two companies, and Peter's invention was dubbed the Nestle chocolate bar. It proved to be so much more popular than the darker bars on the market that other candy companies, from Cadbury to Hershey, released their own versions.
Finally, the graham cracker was invented by the Presbyterian minister Sylvester Graham, who felt that a vegetarian diet would help suppress carnal urges, especially the scourge of “self-pollution” (read: masturbation).
The original graham cracker used unsifted whole-wheat flour. Graham felt that separating out the bran was against the wishes of God, who, according to Graham, must have had a reason for including bran.
In his “Treatise on Bread, and Bread-Making,” he gives many examples of prominent writers throughout history who urged the consumption of whole wheat flour.
Graham was highly influential in the development of the health food movement of the 19th century, and his acolytes included John Harvey Kellogg of the Battle Creek Sanitarium, who used the graham cracker as a basis for his famous flaked cereal line.
As for how the graham cracker became a part of the s'more, the snack's true origin remains unclear.
The first mention of this treat is in a 1927 edition of the Girl Scout manual “Tramping and Trailing with the Girl Scouts.” In a nod to the treat's addictive qualities, it was dubbed “Some More.”
The term s'more is first found the 1938 guide “Recreational Programs for Summer Camps,” by William Henry Gibson. Some think the s'more may be a homemade version of the Mallomar or the moon pie, two snacks introduced in the 1910s.
Today, the s'more has become so popular that it's inspired a range of spin-offs. You can eat a s'mores-flavored Pop Tart for breakfast, munch on a s'mores candy bar for dessert and even unwind after a long day at work with a s'mores martini.
As I often tell my students, the health-conscious Sylvester Graham is probably rolling over in his grave after what became of his beloved cracker.
Jeffrey Miller, Associate Professor and Program Coordinator, Hospitality Management, Colorado State University
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
ENON — Community members are invited to have a slice of the 4th Annual Enon Pizza Festival slated for 3-9 p.m. Saturday, June 9 at Settlers' Park in downtown Enon.
Pizza vendors from around the area and Enon's own hometown pizzerias have been invited to participate again in the event, where pizza will be sold by the slice.
Musical entertainment this year includes Ryan Fyffe from Enon, the LA Band from Springfield and Smoking Hams Band from London, Ohio. The bands will be playing in the shaded areas around the Enon Primary School.
“The Enon Pizza Festival is an excellent opportunity to showcase Enon and invite people from throughout the area to spend a day in our town,” Enon Police Chief Lew Wilcox said. “Thanks to the support of Mayor Tim Howard and the village council, the Enon Pizza Festival tradition is on its way to continue for many years to come.”
Any profits realized from the Pizza Festival event will be used to help fund the Enon Police Shop-With-A-Cop program held annually in December.
For questions, call Kristy Thome at 937-864-7870 or Chief Lew Wilcox at 937-864-5577 or e-mail EPD@enon-oh.gov. Check out the Enon web site at www.enonohio.com for a list of other upcoming family-friendly events planned for this summer.
1:36 'The King,' (Elvis impersonator Will Kettler) is in the house for Valentine's Day weddings Pause
0:51 Fans line up waiting for Twenty One Pilots
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of his internment for first time since 1942
1:39 Most babies should be exposed to peanuts earlier, according to new guidelines
3:02 Meet Alexander Mickelthwate, the third conductor candidate for the Fresno Philharmonic
2:08 Fowler girls chase Central Section's lone unbeaten regular season
0:52 Visalia couple wins $65,000 Valentine on 'The Price is Right'
0:33 Fresno police arrest two after string of armed robberies
1:26 HerdDogg technology makes it easier to monitor livestock health
After missing out on their opportunity to sweep the San Antonio Spurs, the Golden State Warriors get a second chance to wrap up this NBA Western Conference first-round series
The next installment in the popular LEGO video games has officially been revealed and it's letting you embrace your evil side. Titled LEGO DC Super Villains, this title revolves around the various rogues of the DC universe including Joker, Lex Luthor, and Sinestro.
Originally leaked via a screenshot from Walmart's online store, many speculated the authenticity of the mass reveal. However, developer TT Games released a single image of the phrase “Chaos is Coming” spray painted on a wall. This was clearly a nod to the Joker and the tweet linked back to TT Games' website which had a countdown timer.
While information regarding LEGO DC Super-Villains gameplay hasn't been revealed, we can assume it follows the series' formula. This typically consists of breaking down a bunch of objects, solving puzzles, hunting for collectibles, and beating up enemies.
A trailer officially dropped for LEGO DC Super-Villains this morning that simply confirmed the basic storyline of the villains taking over Metropolis. We also know that the Justice League have vanished and their parallel universe counterparts the “Justice Syndicate” have taken over.
Check out the new trailer below:
In the video, we get a brief look at a few antagonists such as The Joker, Harley Quinn, Reverse Flash, and Poison Ivy. We also get a glimpse at Deathstroke, Lex Luthor, Darkseid, Gorilla Grodd, Scarecrow, Riddler, Killer Frost, and Catwoman in the promotional material on the LEGO DC Super-Villains website. Given the LEGO games always have a ton of characters, users should expect baddies from every corner of the DC universe.
Where things get intriguing, is the end of the trailer that shows a random villain getting a chance to try on different costumes. This could indirectly confirm that the player will get to make their own bad guy and not just play as established DC characters. This would certainly allow for more creativity, especially if you can customize that character's powers and equipment. We still know so little about LEGO DC Super-Villains, but it's clear there is a lot to look forward to.
If you are looking to pick this title up as soon as it drops, LEGO DC Super-Villains officially release on October 16 for Xbox One, PS4, and Nintendo Switch. There was no mention of PC, but we highly doubt that this title isn't coming to this platform. There will be a Deluxe Edition of the game which includes the Season Pass and TV Series Character Pack.
See Also
Retweet is this Jordan Pickford save is the best of the tournament! #England #WorldCup
But things were very different a few years ago, back when he was an 18-year-old training with the Sunderland academy. Let's take a moment to examine his Twitter, because it's a perfect example of how quickly life can change.
The annual Scripps Spelling Bee is underway in Maryland, and a champion speller will emerge from the more than 400 still remaining by Thursday night, when the finals begin at 8:30 p.m. ET on ESPN.
You can stream the preliminary rounds via Watch ESPN and test your own knowledge by playing along online. The Spelling Bee's official Play Along game syncs with the live broadcast and challenges you to a multiple-choice spelling quiz – but you only have until the child competing spells the word to make your choice. It's a fast-paced game, and you can track your best spelling streak. Check out the game here.
Ryan Mayer
Three weeks into the MLB season, and we've already got our first no-hitter. And it came against an unlikely source. The Oakland Athletics are off to a solid start to the season, sitting at 12-11 and just 3.5 games back of the Astros in the American League West division standings. However, heading into this past weekend's series against the Boston Red Sox, you would have been forgiven if you believed that Boston would dominate the A's. The Red Sox had burst out of the gates to a 16-2 record prior to the series, and there wasn't much that could seemingly slow down their bats.
Then, in stepped A's lefty Sean Manaea. The 26-year-old had a solid debut season in 2016 before falling off a bit during last year's campaign. To begin this season, Manaea was dominant, giving up just 5 earned runs through 27.2 innings pitched, while striking out 20 batters and giving up just four walks. In his Saturday start against Boston, he did even better, striking out 10 with just two walks and not allowing a hit through nine innings. It was his first career no-hitter and the first for the A's since Dallas Braden threw a perfect game on Mother's Day of 2010.
There was some controversy in the game, as Red Sox outfielder Andrew Benintendi appeared to record a hit in the sixth inning, but he was ruled to have run out of the base path after instant replay. Manaea now owns a 1.23 ERA, which ranks fifth in the league so far this season.
The leader in that category is San Francisco Giants righty Johnny Cueto, who is experiencing a bounce-back season. Through four starts, Cueto has allowed just one earned run in 26 innings of work, while striking out 23 batters. In his Sunday start against the Angels, Cueto allowed just two hits and struck out seven, earning his second win of the season. He looks well on his way to returning back to his career form after struggling through last season, when he posted his highest ERA since his first year in the majors.
For these and some of the other biggest stories from the past week of baseball, click on the video above.
Image copyright Marion Phillips/Geograph Image caption Parc Coed Bach in Pontarddulais where the alleged assault took place
A father was allegedly assaulted by two men while walking through a park with his children.
Police are appealing for witnesses following a "particularly nasty and unprovoked" attack at Coed Bach Park in Pontarddulais, Swansea on 29 June.
The alleged victim was spat at and punched to the floor after confronting a group with a motorbike, police said.
While lying on the floor, the father was then kicked by the rider of the motorbike while his children looked on.
The father had suggested that a man riding a black and white moped "erratically" should take more care around children, including a child who was with the group.
"This was a particularly nasty and unprovoked attack, which was witnessed not only by the victim's children but also the young child who was with the attackers," said Insp Emma Fox.
"There were a few groups of people in the park, including a group of young people who were allegedly almost hit by the bike as it fell from the BMX track near to them."
Insp Fox described the attackers and appealed for any witnesses to contact the police.
The first attacker is described as white, about 5ft 7in tall, of proportionate build and with short brown hair.
At the time of the incident, he was bare-chested and wearing a light metal chain around his neck and stood in front of a blue BMW which appeared to belong to him.
The second attacker, who had been riding the bike, is described as white, about 5ft 8in tall, of thin build with short fair hair. He was wearing a blue vest and no crash helmet.
The woman who was in their company, along with a young child, is described as white, around 5ft 6in, in her early to mid-twenties and of thin build.
She had long dark hair which was tied into a ponytail.
Black unemployment spiked this month, undoing nearly all the progress made during President Donald Trump's first year in office, according to new numbers released Friday.
In January's jobs report, the black unemployment rate jumped to 7.7 percent, just below the 7.8 percent black unemployment rate Trump inherited in January 2017. During his first State of the Union address Tuesday, Trump took credit for the country's record-low black unemployment rate — 6.8 percent. Do Friday's numbers pour cold water on the president's boasts?
A one-month change to the unemployment rate is just that — a single data point — but it is the largest single-month spike since June 2012, when the black unemployment rate rose a full percentage point, according to U.S. Bureau of Labor statistics. The rate of black unemployment has been steadily dropping for four-and-a-half years, never rising more than half a percentage point.
Sophia Koropeckyj, a managing director for Moody's Analytics, told NBC News the one-month change isn't that unusual, particularly in January when new population controls are applied to unemployment labor data and other factors are at play.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed African American voters split over Trump's economic impact 5:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"It's not really reflective of underlying economic conditions, it's more reflective of the data, of weather, of flu season," Koropeckyj said, suggesting that a three or six-month average would be more telling.
Trump's chief economic adviser echoed a similar sentiment.
"For the 12 months, we're still at a historic low in the African-American unemployment numbers," Director of the National Economic Council, Gary Cohn, said on Fox Business Friday morning. "Look, if it's a trend it's very concerning. If it's a one month blip, it's not concerning."
Still, Friday's numbers serve as a reminder of the fragility of short-term metrics like the day's stock market or that month's job numbers Trump so frequently touts as evidence of an economic boom, as well as the fact that despite the president's boasts about record-low black unemployment, the rate is still nearly double that of white unemployment.
In Trump's State of the Union on Tuesday, he boasted about the rate.
“Unemployment claims have hit a 45-year low. And something I'm very proud of — African-American unemployment stands at the lowest rate ever recorded,” he said.
We fact-checked that claim. His numbers were right, but whether he can claim all the credit is questionable. He's in part taking credit for one of his predecessor's victories. President Barack Obama cut black unemployment in half during his administration, from its recession peak of 16.8 percent in 2010 to 7.8 percent when he left office.
Two days earlier, Trump had tweeted a response to Jay-Z after the rapper and mogul criticized the president in part for characterizing Haiti and African nations as "shithole countries" during a CNN interview.
“Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!” he tweeted on Sunday.
But Jay-Z was way ahead of him, telling CNN that the black unemployment rate doesn't make up for the president's divisive rhetoric.
"Because it's not about money at the end of the day. Money doesn't equate to happiness. It doesn't. That's missing the whole point," Jay-Z said.
A court in Ecuador has issued an arrest warrant against the former president Rafael Correa, who led the country from 2007 to 2017.
Correa, who is accused of kidnapping a political opponent in 2012, denies all charges.
Euronews met up with him in an apartment close to Brussels where the former head of state now lives with his Belgian wife and children.
"What does the president of the republic have to do with this event? At the beginning I wasn't even accused. It happened in 2012. In 2013, the alleged victim presented a specific accusation and didn't accuse me. But already in November they realised that with false testimonies they could point to the president," said Correa.
"And they announced from this moment on: you will see how Correa will get an arrest warrant from Interpol, and they started this whole thing, which has no legal or logical basis."
Last month, Ecuador's attorney general said he had enough evidence to prosecute Correa. This triggered demonstrations in the streets of Quito in support of the former president, who remains popular amongst some Ecuadorans for the welfare policies he implemented.
The judge in this case argues that Correa did not present himself to the court, as was asked of him, and ordered his arrest.
The former president says it was impossible for him to go back to his country, and added that the whole case is politically motivated, to bar him from playing any role in the future affairs of Ecuador.
"It hurts me to say this but Ecuador is seen again as a Banana republic. No serious country will take into account an order for detention that is so clearly political, illegal, and absurd. Especially Belgium," said Correa.
"But people are very nervous: my friends, my family, our militants… they say there will be a red notice from Interpol, they will capture Correa, extradite him and put him in jail in the Ecuadorean dictatorship. This is not possible. Nothing of this absurdity will happen, especially here in Belgium where there are a lot of guarantees. We are safe here. Nobody needs to worry about me, we need to worry about the country."
'Palm Sunday Massacre' killer now lives next to a day-care He killed eight kids and two mothers in one of the city's most infamous mass shootings, and as soon as he was sprung from prison in January, Christopher Thomas told...
Sea of firefighters, Cardinal Dolan mourn 'Motherless Brooklyn' hero A sea of firefighters stood in silence beneath a fluttering American flag and gave a mournful salute Sunday as the widow of Firefighter Michael Davidson arrived at the fallen FDNY...
FDNY firefighter dies battling massive blaze at Harlem movie shoot A firefighter was killed late Thursday while battling a blaze that broke out at a Harlem building where film crews were shooting a new Edward Norton and Bruce Willis movie,...
Mother of FDNY lieutenant tried to talk son out of doomed chopper ride The mom of doomed FDNY Lt. Christopher Raguso pleaded with her son not to go on what was supposed to be his final tour of duty in Iraq — a...
Rainbow Apparel Company chief assaulted his 11-year-old son: cops A Brooklyn clothing chain honcho has been busted for allegedly assaulting his young son, police said Sunday. Gabriel A. Chehebar, the 44-year-old Director of Caribbean Region for the Rainbow Apparel...
Women tied up during gunpoint robbery in Queens: cops Three people were tied up early Sunday during an apparent gunpoint robbery in College Point, Queens, authorities said. Two masked burglars pushed their way into a Dollar General just before...
Neighbor defends FDNY worker who tried to strangle boss The FDNY carpenter who tried to strangle his boss is a “great guy” who just acted on a common impulse, his neighbor said Sunday. “Who hasn't felt like, at least...
Law student learned she cheated death on the subway by reading the Post The law student who fainted and fell into the path of an oncoming subway train earlier this month didn't remember a thing about the incident — so her family had...
Slain teen's mom says her son was killed over an iPhone The mother of a 15-year-old shot dead in Queens said Sunday she knew her son's killer–and that the senseless murder was over an iPhone. “I know the friend that killed...
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United Under-23 boss Carlos Corberan has hit back after criticism from Whites legend Ian Harte, who feels the club have packed their youth team with foreign players at the expense of home-grown talents.
Harte attended Leeds Under-23s' 2-2 draw against Birmingham City on Friday lunchtime and was not happy with what was served up by a side in which six foreign players started.
The former Leeds full-back accused the youth Whites of lacking passion and desire, while he also commented that all he could hear was Spanish being spoken by a number of players and boss Corberan.
Leeds Under-23's boss has now hit back and took to Twitter to write: "Proud to represent the famous Leeds United academy and I'm proud of every single player, from every walk of life, who battles everyday to fight for their dream." [sic]
Corberan was appointed as Leeds Under-23 boss last summer after a spell coaching in Cyprus .
(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez). Edmonton Oilers goalie Cam Talbot (33) lays out to stop a shot next to San Jose Sharks center Tomas Hertl, top, and Oilers' Mark Letestu (55) during the second period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series ...
(AP Photo/Seth Wenig). New York Rangers' Mats Zuccarello, left, chases the puck during the second period in Game 3 of an NHL hockey first-round playoff series against the Montreal Canadiens, Sunday, April 16, 2017, in New York.
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson). St. Louis Blues' Alexander Steen, left, scores on an empty net as Minnesota Wild's Ryan Suter watches during the third period in Game 3 of an NHL hockey first-round playoff series Sunday, April 16, 2017, in St. Louis. The Blue...
(AP Photo/Jay LaPrete). Columbus Blue Jackets' Sergei Bobrovsky, left, of Russia, makes a save against Pittsburgh Penguins' Patric Hornqvist, bottom right, of Sweden, as Nick Bonino, top right, and Jack Johnson fight for position during the first perio...
By MITCH STACYAP Sports Writer
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - The Columbus Blue Jackets scored more goals in the first six minutes of Sunday's game than in their first two playoff games combined. That still wasn't enough to slow down the Pittsburgh Penguins, who dealt the Blue Jackets a third straight playoff loss and put them on the brink of elimination.
Now the Blue Jackets, whose best season in franchise history included a 16-game winning streak, will try to get a win at home on Tuesday night to avoid being swept out of the first-round series by the defending Stanley Cup champions. An overtime goal by 22-year-old rookie Jake Guentzel - set up by some deft puck-handling behind the net by Sidney Crosby - was the latest dagger. Guentzel had a hat trick in the 5-4 Pittsburgh win Sunday.
Columbus isn't the only team in trouble. The Minnesota Wild, who had a 12-game winning streak this season, are down 0-3 to the surprising St. Louis Blues while Cup favorites Chicago and Washington have been plunged into challenging first-round series of their own.
The Wild's struggles are even more perplexing. Minnesota has outshot St. Louis 117-79, killed off eight of nine power plays but has never led. Game 4 is Wednesday at St. Louis, whose goaltender, Jake Allen, has a .974 save percentage and 0.91 goals-against average after being 3-5 with a .902 and 2.29 in his playoff career coming in.
Columbus outshot Pittsburgh in their first two playoff games, and the Blue Jackets had chances to win all three. Veteran goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury, replacing injured starter Matt Murray, has been sharp for the Penguins and made a critical mask save of a potential game-winning Brandon Dubinsky shot in overtime Sunday.
"We've played good hockey, and it's unfortunate we've put ourselves in this situation," Blue Jackets captain Nick Foligno said Monday. "There's pressure, but we know what we're facing. We've got a chance to just go out there and try to make a series of this."
Columbus will be without sensational rookie defender Zach Werenski, who was lost for the year after taking a Phil Kessel shot to the face Sunday. He suffered a fractured cheekbone.
But the Blue Jackets will get forward Matt Calvert back for Game 4 (7:30 p.m. EDT, CNBC). Calvert sat in the press box Sunday night, serving a one-game penalty for breaking a stick over the back of Pittsburgh's Tom Kuhnhackl and then decking him after the game was out of reach Friday night. Calvert didn't want to talk about the play Monday, but he did say it wasn't payback for anything that happened in the game.
There was "nothing that led to it," he said. "The series is a battle."
___
Canadiens at Rangers, Montreal leads 2-1 (7 p.m. EDT, NBCSN)
Just 18 seconds from trailing 2-0 in this series, the Canadiens have seized the momentum and they expect the Rangers to come out with more intensity in Game 4.
"We know we didn't see their best," forward Max Pacioretty said a day after Montreal's 3-1 win in Game 3. "So we're expecting, obviously, a pushback from them and we know we're going to see their best the next game."
In the last two games especially, the Canadiens have done a good job of preventing the Rangers from using the up-tempo style they're best at, clamping down defensively and forcing New York to dump and chase. The Rangers managed just 21 shots on goal in Game 3 and had 21 giveaways, including 10 in the first period.
"With any team, if they're fast you got to get on them quick," defenseman Jordie Benn said. "We've been pretty good at that the last few games. We just got to keep doing it."
After getting the winning goal in overtime in Game 2, Alexander Radulov put the Canadiens up 3-0 Sunday night, giving him two goals and three assists in the last two games.
___
Oilers at Sharks, Edmonton leads 2-1 (10 p.m. EDT, NBCSN)
The Oilers have found a new playoff hero in their first postseason trip since 2006. Hard-hitting winger Zack Kassian has turned into a clutch goal-scorer in the playoffs with the game-winners in back-to-back contests to give Edmonton the lead in the series after dropping the opener in overtime.
"His play speaks for itself," coach Todd McLellan said. "He's stepped up to the plate and delivered for three games straight. Obviously scoring big goals but doing a lot of other things during the game - the penalty kill portion of it, the forecheck, the momentum. He's been tremendous for us."
After scoring just seven goals in the regular season, Kassian has scored his first two game-winners since the 2014-15 regular season.
The Sharks are just looking for any kind of goal after being shut out by Cam Talbot for a second straight game. San Jose is just 1 for 14 on the power play this series and has scored on just three of 83 shots. San Jose's quartet of 25-goal scorers in the regular season - Joe Pavelski, Brent Burns, Patrick Marleau and Logan Couture - have none so far in the playoffs.
"It doesn't matter how well the goalie played, we have to get to him," Pavelski said. "In these one-goal hockey games, we have to stick one in the net."
___
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
___
Follow Mitch Stacy at http://twitter.com/mitchstacy
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Prominent Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko is alive and well after reports that he was shot and killed Tuesday in Ukraine.
Babchenko's "murder" was reportedly a set up by Ukrainian police officials to catch the would-be assailant, according to multiple reports.
Initial reports indicated that Babchenko, 41, was shot in the back while in his home in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine. Kiev Police confirmed on Facebook that a journalist had been killed, saying that the man's wife had initially called after finding her husband covered in blood.
But then, on Wednesday, he showed up to a news conference with officials, where he apologized to his wife.
"Olechka, I am sorry, but there were no options here," Babchenko said. "I'm sorry for making you live through this. I've buried my own friends and colleagues many times myself."
The person who planned on assassinating Babchenko was identified and arrested by Ukrainian authorities, said Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, at the press conference where Babchenko appeared unharmed.
Gritsak said the person who planned the assassination was a Ukrainian citizen who was paid $40,000 and working with the Russian Federation. According to Grisak, there were 30 other potential targets for assassination but did not elaborate on who they were.
Gold futures tipped higher Wednesday, trying to snap a string of four straight losses as relatively hawkish comments from Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen on the nation's interest-rate picture sent the dollar higher.
Gold could remain vulnerable near term as the dollar retained its strength and Yellen headed back to Capitol Hill for a second day of testimony.
April gold GCJ7, -0.34% rose $2.60 to $1,227.90 an ounce.
The ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, +0.49% which touched a four-week high in the wake of Yellen's comments, was up 0.2% Wednesday.
Yellen hinted to the Senate Banking Committee on Tuesday that the central bank could gradually raise interest rates sooner rather than later. Her upbeat assessment of the economy also sent investors into assets perceived as risky, such as stocks, and away from haven investments, including gold.
When asked during her testimony if the Fed will hike rates in March or June, Yellen said the central bank has penciled in three interest-rate hikes this year but also said she couldn't say if the Fed would take action in March or May or June.
“According to the Fed fund futures, however, the probability of a rate hike in March has risen only slightly to 34%,” wrote a team of commodities analysts at Commerzbank led by Carsten Fritsch. “The majority of market participants do not expect the next rate hike before May.”
Yellen will be back on Capitol Hill to appear before the House Financial Services panel at 10 a.m. Eastern Time.
U.S. stocks look set to hang onto record highs at the open Wednesday, but futures hinted at a struggle to push much higher on a data-heavy day. Gold and stocks often move inversely.
Consumer prices and retail sales data for January are set for release at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time, along with the Empire state index for February.
Later, at 9:15 a.m. Eastern, updates on industrial production and capacity utilization in January are due. A home builders' index for February and business inventories for December are coming at 10 a.m. Eastern.
March silver SIH7, -0.55% was just in the positive, up less than 0.01%, to $17.889 an ounce. March copper HGH7, -0.22% was up less than a cent, or 0.1%, to $2.74 a pound.
The exchange-traded fund SPDR Gold Trust GLD, +0.11% rose less than 0.1% premarket, while the iShares Silver SLV, +0.71% tacked on 0.4%. The VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF GDX, -0.12% lost 0.3.
“As the mandatory filings to the SEC show, a number of hedge funds and investment companies reduced their holdings in the SPDR Gold Trust in the fourth quarter in the wake of falling gold prices—which recorded their most pronounced quarterly decline in 3½ years,” the Commerzbank analysts said. “One prominent example is Paulson & Co. The SPDR Gold Trust saw outflows of a good 4 million ounces, that is to say nearly 126 tons, in the fourth quarter.”
Commentary: Money managers no longer hate gold, say its undervalued
The Trump administration moved today to roll back two regulations designed to protect students against predatory for-profit colleges.
In federal filings, the Education Department said it would renegotiate the federal "gainful employment" rule, which stops government money from flowing to for-profit colleges whose students take on too much debt, but earn little after they graduate. Years in the making — it went into effect in 2015 after surviving two lengthy court battles with the for-profit college industry — the regulation is arguably the most significant piece of President Obama's higher education legacy.
The department also said it would also delay the implementation of a second rule, widely known as "borrower defense to repayment," which would allow students who said they had been defrauded by their schools to more easily have their federal loans forgiven. Those regulations — which were set to go into effect on July 1 — also included provisions to prevent colleges from forcing their students to sign away their right to sue.
In a statement, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos called the borrower defense rules "a muddled process that's unfair to students and schools."
"It's time for a regulatory reset. It is the Department's aim, and this Administration's commitment, to protect students from predatory practices while also providing clear, fair and balanced rules for colleges and universities to follow," she said.
The move was quickly decried by Democrats and student advocates who fought for the regulations' passage — frequently sparring with the Obama administration over whether they went far enough in penalizing for-profits.
“Today, Secretary DeVos chose for-profit colleges over students and taxpayers," Democratic Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois said in a statement. "Her actions to eliminate important protections in higher education will harm students and waste millions in taxpayer dollars.”
The rules will not simply vanish. The gainful employment regulation, which has already gone into effect, will be renegotiated — most likely, observers say, in a way that does not stringently penalize poorly performing schools or single out for-profits. In her statement on Wednesday, DeVos said that the Obama administration's rules were "overly burdensome and confusing for institutions of higher education." The re-regulation will take months of procedures and comments before any new rules go into effect.
Democratic attorneys general quickly jumped to protect the Obama-era regulations, with Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey saying she would sue the Education Department for "abandoning critical student protections." A group of eight attorneys general filed yesterday to intervene in a lawsuit over the borrower defense rules, saying they feared DeVos would not defend them.
Two advocacy groups, Public Citizen and Harvard University's Project on Predatory Student Lending, said in a statement that they would "use all legal means" to fight the delay of the borrower defense rule.
For-profit colleges were the primary critics of the gainful employment rule, saying they unfairly singled out for-profits and other career programs, but did not punish poorly performing programs at nonprofit institutions. The defense to repayment regulation, however, is disliked by a wide swath of colleges, which said it was too broad and would unintentionally hurt schools like historically black colleges.
Nevertheless, the rollback of the rules is "positive for for-profit colleges," Jeffrey Silber, an analyst with BMO Capital Markets, said in an investor email. "It was cloud hanging over the sector," Silber said.
Cory Duran, left, and Bob Peters are both Charlotte natives, so they were both eager to work together in the Queen and Glass. Kathleen Purvis
Europe's most prolific “re-watcher” has been revealed as a mom and baby who watched “Bee Movie” 357 times this year. Netflix revealed one unnamed UK user as Europe's most prolific...
Let's raise a toast to the late great Anita Pallenberg, queen of the underground, the Rolling Stones muse who gave the Glimmer Twins their glimmer lessons. Pallenberg, who died Tuesday night at the age of 73, wasn't merely Keith Richards' consort she was a
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Why Anita Pallenberg, Rolling Stones Muse, Was Queen of the Underground
Buy Photo Web graphic (Photo: PNJ archives)Buy Photo
Charges are pending in a three-vehicle crash Saturday that left three people with critical injuries.
The Florida Highway Patrol reports that a BMW driven by Lewis McCants, Jr., 75, of Pensacola was traveling west on Barrancas Avenue just before 7 p.m. Saturday.
The second vehicle, a Kia Optima driven by Pike Eugene Olson, 45, of Pensacola was also westbound, but traveling in the left lane while McCants was in the right lane.
More: Pedestrian in critical condition after being hit on Gulf Beach Highway
The third vehicle, a Kia Rio driven by Peggy Jean Neese, 62, of Pensacola, was traveling eastbound. McCants' vehicle collided with the rear of Olson's vehicle, which then caused Olson's car to spin and cross the median, hitting Neese's vehicle.
As this was happening, McCants' vehicle also started spinning, causing it to also hit Neese's car. Neese's car hit the pedestrian rails and came to final rest partially hanging over the edge of a sidewalk, while McCant's vehicle stopped facing west in the eastbound right lane of the road.
Olson's came to a stop in the median blocking the street's left turning lane.
Neese and her passenger, James Alexander Neese, 33, suffered critical injuries. McCants was also critically injured, and all three were transported to area hospitals.
The FHP release states that charges are pending investigation into the crash.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/crime/2017/12/11/three-critical-after-three-vehicle-barrancas-avenue-crash/939960001/
Sunday's NASCAR Cup Series race is a special treat for drivers and their crew members, regardless of whether or not they're in the playoffs.
The Bank of America 500 is at Charlotte Motor Speedway, making it a rare home event when 34 of 36 races during the season are on the road.
Constantly traveling is part of the gig, but for Clint Bowyer, a break from the “grueling schedule” with the opportunity to sleep in his own bed this weekend is “a breath of fresh air.” He loves the idea of driving to the track in the morning while enjoying a cup of coffee and getting home in time for dinner and to put his two kids to bed.
“This is the part of the year you're worn out and kind of riding on that high, and it's a shot in the arm being able to race at home,” Bowyer told For The Win while promoting Liberty Mutual's HighwayHero app.
“And Charlotte, man! I'm telling you, this fan base in Charlotte is awesome. They flock by the tens of thousands, and it's always a good show at that race track. It always has been.”
The Bank of America 500 is the first of three races in the Round of 12 in the Cup Series playoffs. It's also the second race of the season in the heart of NASCAR country, with Austin Dillon – who was eliminated from the playoffs after the Round of 16 ended last weekend – winning the Coca-Cola 600 in May.
Beyond the rarity of drivers getting to stay at their houses for Charlotte races, their crews reap similar benefits. Plus, their family members who don't normally travel each weekend are able to spend time at the track and actually attend the race.
And then there are the team employees – whether they're in the shop or an office – who are usually left behind as well.
“There are a lot of people that work at the shop that don't come to the track all the time, and you look over and you'll see (them) being at the track,”said Bowyer, who is not qualified for the playoffs. “It is neat to see all that.
“There are a lot of men and women that make up Stewart-Haas Racing, and only a few go to the race track. So it's being able to race at home in your own backyard, and all those people get to come to the track and enjoy it.”
No. 17 SunnyD Ford driver Ricky Stenhouse Jr. is one of 12 remaining championship contenders. He said he “definitely” shares Bowyer's enthusiasm for Sunday's home race and guessed that if put to a vote, every other driver would agree.
But being at home still comes with its challenges, Stenhouse explained. When drivers are so accustomed to traveling every week and living out of their motor homes, a race like this can mess with their routines.
“The crazy thing is on race day, normally we're already in the track, so we don't have to handle any of the traffic getting in,” Stenhouse said. “So there have been times I've been almost late getting to appearances when you stay at the house and you don't anticipate the traffic. But other than that, it's OK.”
Photo: Sipa / USA Today Network
By Hayden Wright
Taylor Swift has kept a relatively low profile while her sixth studio album Reputation tops the charts and her fans gobble up a holiday helping of confessional new music. Over the weekend, however, Swift made an exception by performing at the Jingle Bell Ball in London.
Related: Taylor Swift Pens New Poem ‘The Trick to Holding On'
Her headlining set included a combination of hits from 1989 and Reputation including “Blank Space” and “Shake It Off” from the former. From the latter, Taylor performed “Gorgeous,” “Look What You Made Me Do” and “…Ready For It?” For good measure, Swift threw in a solo rendition of her duet with Zayn Malik: “I Don't Wanna Live Forever.”
The performance followed almost a month after her November 11 appearance on Saturday Night Live. Other acts at the Jingle Bell Ball included Ed Sheeran and Liam Payne.
Watch Taylor perform “Ready For It,” “Gorgeous” and “Look What You Made Me Do” below:
The Office of the Auditor-General for the Federation (OAuGF) has charged members of staff to discharge their duties with diligence and commitment.
The Auditor-General for the Federation, Mr Anthony Ayine gave the charge in a statement issued by his Head of Media and Public Relations, Mrs Olawunmi Ogunmosunle in Abuja on Tuesday.
Ayine also urged them to abide by ethics of the profession as it would ensure improved service delivery.
The auditor-general spoke at the inauguration of the OAuGF Regularity Audit Guide, Code of Conduct and Ethics, Quality Control and Assurance Manual and the OAuGF E–Learning Portal in Abuja.
According to report, the Strategic Development Plan was inaugurated on September 21, by President Muhammadu Buhari.
At the inauguration, the President urged the National Assembly to amend relevant legislation that would allow the Auditor-General of the Federal to adequately carry out his mandate.
The Tide source reports that the Strategic Development Plan was inaugurated on September 21, by President Muhammadu Buhari.
At the inauguration, the President urged the National Assembly to amend relevant legislation that would allow the Auditor-General of the Federal to adequately carry out his mandate.
Ayine He said the inauguration was in continuation of the implementation of the road map toward re-positioning and reform of the Office to fulfill its constitutional mandate.
He identified skills deficit as a major challenge to the delivery of high quality audits.
“Auditors must always be a step ahead of accountants because you cannot audit what you don't know.”
According to Ayine, the Office with the support of DFID has prepared materials that will help in training members of staff on the use of the new audit methods.
He advised that auditors that do not take the opportunity to improve their skills and re-dedicate to honest work would find themselves obsolete within a short period.
Ayine, however, expressed optimism that the inauguration was one major step toward improving the skills base of the Office.
He also expressed the hope that the training would equip auditors with the right skills to do a thorough job in line with international best practices.
“Auditors must have integrity and objectivity to conclude their job and report their findings in full.
“They must be knowledgeable, skillful, diligent, of high integrity and impactful through their quality deliverables,” he said.
Meanwhile, Mr Ekpo Nta, former Chairman, Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offenses Commission, (ICPC) in his address challenged the OAuGF to take up its constitutional role and lead the anti – corruption war in the country.
Nta observed that OAuGF had failed to make serious impact because of its inability to improve on the system over the years.
According to him, if the Office performs its duties properly as assigned to it by the constitution, there would be no need for the ICPC and the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).
“Some of the actions we take have serious consequences for us as individuals, the family and the country in the long run.''
Nta therefore charged auditors to be ready to re-brand and re-orientate their minds in line with the ethics of the profession.
“Auditors ought to know that their assignment is a constitutional role that goes beyond the Auditor-General and the President.
“They should be reminded of their role as key drivers of growth of the economy.
“Therefore, as auditors, we must come to the realisation that Audit-Report is not meant to destroy, but to build.
“We must also carry out our roles as auditors in line with the ethics of the civil service to stem the level of decay that the nation is experiencing today,” Nta said.
JUNEAU, Alaska — Marijuana tax revenue in Alaska fell for the second straight month in December, though a state tax auditor says the slide may be short lived.
The state says it collected about $784,000 in marijuana tax revenue in December.
That compares to about $869,000 in November and about $920,000 in October, which is the most that has been collected in a single month since the collection of marijuana taxes from state-licensed businesses began in October 2016.
The tax is imposed when marijuana is sold or transferred from a marijuana cultivation facility to a retail pot shop or marijuana product manufacturing facility.
Tax auditor Dustin Heintzelman says preliminary reports indicate tax revenue for January will be around $1 million. He declined to speculate on why revenue tumbled in November and December.
Leam Richardson revealed Nick Powell has avoided serious injury after having to be helped from the field during the closing stages of Wigan Athletic's 2-0 victory over Gillingham.
With Latics comfortably in charge thanks to first-half goals from Will Grigg and Powell, the whole DW Stadium winced in fear when the former Manchester United man - stretching to connect with a late cross - appeared to collide with a post.
After treatment he was helped off the field, to be replaced by Jay Fulton, but Richardson says the decision was purely precautionary.
“He seems fine,” reported the Latics assistant manager, who was sent out for media duties by Paul Cook.
“He did get a whack just before, so we were half-thinking of making the change anyway.
“He's lunged for the ball and jarred himself, but fingers crossed he's fine.
“He got another goal and showed his class again.”
Like the rest of the Latics fans, Richardson was purring as he watched Latics pick up where they left off against West Ham last weekend to take the game to the Gills from the off.
“We knew it wouldn't be easy coming up against Gillingham, who were on a great run, eight unbeaten,” he acknowledged.
“But I thought we started the first half tremendously well, in possession and transition we were very good.
“We moved the ball very well and deserved to be 2-0 up at half-time.
“We possibly could have had more goals, but we had to defend a lot more in the second half.
“We had to consolidate as a team, and defend from the front, because we were up against a good team who had plenty of threats on the pitch.
“It was obviously very pleasing to get the clean sheet, and the lads at the back take the credit for that.
“The work they put in at the training ground, they replicate on a Saturday and a Tuesday, and long may that continue.
“It's clean sheets, it's positivity, it's resilience and it's points on the board.”
The home fans also got their first look at January signings Jamie Walker and Jay Fulton off the bench in the second period.
“The new lads did well, just like the rest of the lads did,” added Richardson.
“I thought overall we were excellent, everyone had a criterion of what they had to do, and we stuck to it very well.
“We didn't leave a breath out there, and that's all you can ask.”
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – The fifth annual Dress for Success's Send One Suit drive is collecting women's suits for central Indiana women who need professional attire.
Secretary of State Connie Lawson is hosting the drive that begins Monday and ends Friday.
“In the past four years, we have collected over 1,000 suits,” said Secretary Lawson. “These suits help empower women to take charge of their lives by giving them the confidence they need in an interview to get the job and the wardrobe to make a career change.
The suits are meant to empower women in the community to be self-sufficient and successful in work and life.
“Ultimately, these suits do more than help women get jobs; they help them move towards economic independence. I encourage everyone to look in their closet this week to see if they have the least one suit they can donate.”
Contributions can be made at the Secretary of State's office anytime this week between 8 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. The office is located at 200 W. Washington St. in room 201.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
"Our goal is to make Rivers State a land of peace and prosperity with boundless opportunities and possibilities"
– a place where no one is left behind...
Gov.Ezenwo Nyesom Wike
The most recent NBC News/Wall Street poll shows that a key group of voters may be poised to play a big role in the upcoming election: White women with a college degree.
And they're angry.
White women with a college degree did support Hillary Clinton over Trump in the 2016 election, but only by a six-point margin. According to exit polls, just over half supported Clinton — 51 percent — while 45 percent backed Trump and the remainder chose third party candidates.
But that narrow advantage for the Democratic candidate has grown into a gaping divide heading into the 2018 midterms, according to the latest NBC/WSJ poll.
President Trump's positive favorability rating among college-educated white women, which stood just 32 percent when he was inaugurated, is now down even further to an even more dismal 27 percent, with 53 percent giving him a ‘very negative' score. The Republican Party gets a similarly poor ranking, with just 23 percent within this group of women giving the GOP high marks. (They give Democrats a net positive score, on the other hand — 45 percent positive to 31 percent negative.)
And that ire also appears to be translating into energy against Republicans as the midterms approach.
Among white women with a college degree, Democrats have a 27 point advantage over Republicans on the question of which party they would rather win control of Congress in November.
And unlike some other voter groups like young people or independents, who show a preference for Democrats but don't express high interest in the upcoming elections, this subgroup of women ranks among the highest when it comes to how closely they are watching the midterms. Six-in-ten report that they have high interest in the elections, one of the most pronounced levels of interest for any subgroup surveyed.
Restaurant chain, Nando's, is giving away free chicken to A-level students right across the North West this week.
"On August 17 anyone picks up their A-Level (or equivalent) results will be able to grab themselves a free ¼ chicken or Firestarter* on that day," a Nando's spokesperson said.
"Just bring your results papers, ID and spend a minimum of seven pounds in any restaurant across the region and you will be eligible," the spokesperson added.
*Deal does not include Wing Roulette or All Together Now.
Nando's in Lancashire: Deepdale Retail Park, Preston - Peel Retail Park, Blackburn - Church Street, Blackpool - Derby Street, Leigh - Chalon Way West, St Helens and Ocean Plaza, Southport.
For full terms and conditions, please see - https://www.nandos.co.uk/explore/blog/level-results-are-lets-celebrate
LOS ANGELES: The World Cup qualification match set for Friday between Costa Rica and Honduras has been postponed because of heavy rains and flooding caused by Tropical Storm Nate.
The match has been pushed back to Saturday after the storm caused the Costa Rica government to declare a state of emergency and close schools and shops.
Second-placed Costa Rica can clinch their qualification with at least a draw at home to fifth-placed Honduras.
The storm has killed 22 people so far in Central America as it heads toward Mexico and then possibly the US mainland. The storm is expected to hit Cancun, Mexico on Friday before battering the central Gulf Coast on Sunday.
LOS ANGELES: The World Cup qualification match set for Friday between Costa Rica and Honduras has been postponed because of heavy rains and flooding caused by Tropical Storm Nate.
The match has been pushed back to Saturday after the storm caused the Costa Rica government to declare a state of emergency and close schools and shops.
Second-placed Costa Rica can clinch their qualification with at least a draw at home to fifth-placed Honduras.
The storm has killed 22 people so far in Central America as it heads toward Mexico and then possibly the US mainland. The storm is expected to hit Cancun, Mexico on Friday before battering the central Gulf Coast on Sunday.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- American workers may soon start to see a boost in their take-home pay. That's the result of lower tax rates signed into law last year by President Trump.
But you need to make sure these changes will be right for you come tax time next year.
If you have a big family or itemize your deductions, you may take home more now but could end up owing Uncle Sam because some tax breaks no longer exist or are limited by the new law.
"If I have a little extra money, I'm spending that," Missy McCandless said.
McCandless likes the idea of taking home more money from her job as a dental hygienist. She said her family could always use more for her son or improving their home. She even has dreams of being able to use her tax windfall to take a family trip.
But, she's not ready to do any of that yet.
"The only problem comes in when we look and say, 'OK, we're getting extra money back, but what are we going to owe?' That's the only scary thing. I would rather take that money away because it's like I never really had it in the first place."
Like most Americans, McCandless purposely withholds more from her paycheck to make sure she gets a big tax refund every year.
Her co-worker Cheryl Owens also isn't convinced any increase she sees will make a difference in her life.
"No one wants to owe, especially not the IRS, so that is a little concerning," Owens said.
The government says three out of four tax filers received refunds last year, averaging nearly $2,800 each.
Andrew Wagner, a senior tax adviser at H&R Block, said it's the single largest financial transaction most Americans have every year.
"It has a huge impact on the average American," he said. "A lot of people use that. It helps them budget. They have this huge refund they look forward to at the end of the year."
Trump's desire to put tax preparation firms like H&R Block out of business by reducing the federal tax form to a postcard didn't materialize. In fact, the Kansas City-based firm said taxpayers may need help navigating a new tax structure now more than ever.
"If you do nothing, you're likely to see a change in your paycheck, your take home pay, your net pay, on your pay stub," Wagner said. "If you do nothing, you might be a little surprised by the amount you're receiving in your take-home pay."
A single worker earning $50,000 a year and claiming two allowances should expect to take home about $100 more a month. The Job Creators Network said those with children should expect even bigger increases.
Kelly McCracken, dentist owner of the Amazing Smiles dental practice, has payroll software that implements the reduced rates on her employees' paychecks.
"It doesn't change obviously what I pay them, but for me to do payroll through Quick Books, it does help to know how these changes will come down," she said. "For every employee, it's going to be different. That's where it comes into a little bit of a gray area is figuring that out for each person."
Ninety percent of workers will have bigger paychecks under reduced tax rates that must be implemented by Feb. 15.
"I get a lot of questions from people who are seeing changes in their paycheck, and they want to make sure they don't want to owe a significant amount of money," certified public accountant Kyle Nagy said. "They are just coming to me: 'Can you give me a rough idea of whether this is good for me or bad for me?'
Accountants like Nagy say the key is the W-4 form, which determines how much tax is withheld from your pay. It's based on whether your spouse works, the number of children in your home and other factors.
Right now, the form doesn't take into account the elimination of deductions for dependents and a doubled-standard deduction that may make many taxpayers no longer eligible to itemize.
The U.S. Department of the Treasury is working on a new W-4, but it's not expected to be ready until March.
"I think once the calculations are fine-tuned, then the public will generally see a reduction in the amount of tax withheld, and they're not going to have a detrimental effect when they go to file their taxes next year," Nagy said. "They should see similar results to what they are used to seeing in terms of balances due and refunds."
The treasury department said most workers shouldn't have to alter their tax withholding.
Still democrats have asked the IRS to make sure the take-home pay boost this year doesn't result in eliminated or reduced refunds next year.
FILE - In this Nov. 29, 2015 file photo Manchester United's Ashley Young, left, fights for the ball against Swansea City's Ki Sung-Yeung during the English Premier League soccer match between Manchester United and Swansea City at Old Trafford Stadium, Manchester, England.South Korea has called up English Premier League stars Son Heung-min and Ki Sung-yeung for vital 2018 World Cup qualifiers against Iran and Uzbekistan. Jon Super,File AP Photo
Three 154-pound championships will be at stake on Oct. 14 at Barclays Center and Austin “No Doubt” Trout wants one of them.
Trout, the former WBA junior middleweight champion, will challenge Jarrett Hurd for the IBF championship. In other bouts, WBC champion Jermell Charlo defends against Erickson Lubin and WBA champ Erislandy Lara takes on challenger Terrell Gausha. Showtime will televise and tickets priced from $50 to $400 remain available.
Trout (30-3, 17 KOs) has been waiting 17 months for a suitable opponent to be matched against. But he feels more than ready for his latest title shot against Hurd.
“I'm not happy about it, but it is what it is,” he said about the layoff. “But I thank God I've been in the gym and keeping in shape. Call it vanity or not, trying not to get fat and trying to keep this beach bod so I'm still sharp.”
The idea behind the championship triple-header at Barclays Center is to match the winners at some point. If nothing else it should make for a competitive night of boxing.
“There are plenty of guys out there to create matchups,” promoter Lou DiBella said. “I think the three (winners) here will factor in a further narrowing down of the division. This isn't like an official tournament but basically what Showtime boxing has done is pay a lot of attention to the 154-pound fighters in an effort to make great matchups and great fights and narrow down the division to the very best.”
Trout wants to be in that group. He defended his WBA title four times, including a win over Miguel Cotto at Madison Square Garden, before losing his first fight to Saul “Canelo” Alvarez before 40,000 fans in San Antonio in 2013. Trout also lost to Lara in 2013 and lost a decision to Charlo in May 2016. Hurd (20-0, 14 KOs) won his first world title by defeating Tony Harrison in February.
“We've knocked all the ring rust out in camp,” said Trout who is training in his hometown of Las Cruces, New Mexico. “I'm peaking at the right time and I'm more than excited to be gone out there and show everybody that not only am I a live dog but I'm championship material.”
Hurd, meanwhile, is looking to validate his title.
“I've accomplished something that all fighters dream of and that's to win a world title,” said Hurd of Accokeek, Maryland. “I don't feel like this is where my legacy ends. This is only the beginning. I set one goal and accomplished it and now it's time to become legendary.”
Hurd, 27, has won his last six fights by stoppage, while Trout, 31, has never been stopped.
“I feel like I have the superior footwork,” Trout said. “I like my mental capacity as far as being able to adapt and figure him out. But besides experience, I can fight, too. No just box. I think he feels he's the stronger guy. But I'm going to go ahead and test that and see if he truly is.”
Hurd is certain he is.
“I feel I have the youth and I feel like I have the size and the length,” he said, adding, “We know what's on the line with this fight with Austin Trout. We know this fight is going to be tough, especially for a first defense.”
Trout thinks his experience will prevail.
“We see holes in his game,” he said. “At the end of the day, it's just going to end up being me and him and we have to punch through those holes.”
President Donald Trump tweeted Wednesday that he wished he had not selected Jeff Sessions as his attorney general, a day after it was reported that Trump told his top law enforcement official to regain control of the Russia probe last year — and was angered when Sessions refused.
In a trio of morning tweets, Trump responded to an interview that Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., gave to "CBS This Morning" in which the House Oversight Committee chairman at one point appeared to explain how the president's "frustration" with Sessions could be justified.
On Sept. 26, the Baker Spartans kicked off Homecoming Week with the annual showdown of the black and white Powderpuff football teams.
By Wrenzi Wrzesinski
On Sept. 26, the Baker Spartans kicked off Homecoming Week with the annual showdown of the black and white Powderpuff football teams. A big crowd came out to support the girls on this fun night. It was a close and competitive game this year, but the White came out with a victory. The final score of the game was 6-0. Wrenzi Wrzesinski scored one touchdown for the white team.
The White Team consisted of three seniors; Ashley Rost, Brooklyn Tronstad, and Mariah Miller (homecoming princess). The seven juniors were Andie Batchelor, Courtney Tudor, Chantel Tronstad, Hannah Gonsioroski, Laylah Dulin, Maleah Graham, and Wrenzi Wrzesinski. The six sophomores were Addison Bryan, Alissa Bohle, Halle Burdick, Shelby Moore, Taylor Bertsch, and Taylor Miller. The three freshmen were Macy Varner, Mya Hadley, and Samantha Duke. Unfortunately, Andie Batchelor and Taylor Bertsch were unable to compete due to injuries. The coaches for the white team were homecoming princes Dalton Herbst & Andrew Craft.
The Black Team consisted of six seniors who were, Amber Durden (homecoming princess), Maddie Reddick (homecoming queen), Katelynn Afrank, Sheyanne Janeway (homecoming princess), Skyler Robinson, and Taylee Tolzien. The four juniors on the team were Kelsey Miller, Madison Moore, Savanah Burkhalter, and Tesla Erickson. The three sophomores were Hope Craft, Katie Wang and Macee Hadley. The six freshmen were Bryce Shelhamer, Cristyl Green, Mckenzie Davis, Paitton Graham, Sady Harbaugh, and Sophia Dulin. The coaches for the black team were homecoming king Jon Weimer and homecoming prince Javon DeGrand.
Cameron MacKay, James Wiseman, Jaxson Hadley, and Morgan Rising were the refs for the game. Johnny Caron and Nash Sauers did the play-by-play and announced the starting lineups. Adam Beyers, Ethan Reichenberg, Jacob Wang, Megan Smith, and Riley Schultz were the chain crew.
(NBC NEWS) – A Florida woman is alive after bystanders jumped into stormy waters to pull her out of her sinking car.
Around six inches of rain fell Sunday night, in Indian Harbour Beach, making conditions difficult for a driver and for about a half-dozen people who witnessed the driver's car fall into the water and start sinking.
It happened at the Eau Gallie Yacht Club in Indian Harbour Beach. The water there is part of the Banana River Lagoon, and it's deep enough to swallow up a car.
The night was dark and the rain was blinding. The driver mistook a boat ramp for a turn onto the road home.
“They took action and jumped into the canal,” said Cmdr. Ralph Garcia, of the Indian Harbour Beach Police Department.
By Music News Group
ABC/Tyler GoldenIt looks like John Legend and family took a break from their busy schedule of jet-setting around the world to stay in for a movie night over the weekend.
Wife Chrissy Teigen took several Snapchat photos, captured by Elle.com, of her hubby, daughter Luna, and their dog, Puddy, as they enjoyed several movies.
“saturday,” wrote Chrissy for her Instagram picture of John and Luna staring at the TV screen.
Luna, John and Chrissy have been enjoying a family vacation in Italy, chronicled by their recent Instagram pictures.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. -- Modeling can be glitzy, glamorous and -- as some models will tell you -- a lesson in what not to do.
“He doesn't keep his promises,” Lawrence resident Alexia Arteo said. “He doesn't give you what you want to be. He will only bring you down.”
Michelle Adam was equally upset: "I'm thinking, 'How is my son ever going to do anything if he stays with this agent?'"
They were both talking about Ray LaPietra, the owner of Career Images Model and Talent Agency.
FOX4 Problem Solvers reviewed two (later dismissed) lawsuits filed against Career Images. We also spoke with models, their parents and industry professionals to get a better understanding of a talent agent who boasts of being a 30-year leader in his industry but who some models claim locked them into a five-year contract and provided little, if any, paid work.
Arteo, now a high school senior, said she and her mother were told that if she ever wanted to have a career as a model, she needed to sign a five-year exclusive contract with Career Images. She was 15.
Almost three years later, Arteo said she has had only one paying job for $75.
Carter Adam hasn't had any jobs.
“He said at the beginning a lot of his models have done this, they've done that, they've been paid in other countries,” Adam, a high school student in Johnson County, Kansas, said he was told by LaPietra . “At first I said, 'OK I'm going to get paid.'"
But his mother Michelle Adam said the only money to exchange hands in the last year went directly to LaPietra to pay for photo shoots and workshops.
“They kept asking us to pay for the boot camp, the collaboration shoots, but Carter wasn't getting any modeling gigs,” Michelle Adam said.
She estimated she had given LaPietra about $500. She even had to pay extra when she insisted she be allowed to have an adult chaperone her then 15-year-old son on a photo shoot.
“Oh my gosh, that's so outside of industry standards it's not funny,” said Heather Laird, a Kansas City casting agent. “It's scary.”
Laird, who works with talent agents across the metro to cast for commercials, movies and television shows, said any professional would insist a minor be accompanied by an adult -- for everyone's protection.
“And you don't pay to be there with your child,” Laird said. “That's ridiculous.”
At the request of FOX4 Problem Solvers, Laird reviewed Career Images' contract. She said most talent agency contracts are for one year, not five years as required by Career Images. Plus Laird said no one should feel locked into a contract with a talent agent.
“All the agents I work with, if there is an unhappy relationship on either side the talent leaves, the agent leaves.” Laird said. “There's no point in staying.”
Four models sued LaPietra and Career Images last year. The combined lawsuit alleged LaPietra and Career Images didn't provide the services promised and refused to let them out of the contract when they complained.
The lawsuit was eventually dismissed. LaPietra told FOX4 that he was unaware that some models were upset with him until after they filed a lawsuit.
He said as soon as he found out, he released them. He said he was surprised to hear that models were unhappy with his services since the same models had written glowing reviews of his company.
Former Career Image models told FOX4 that LaPietra told them to write the positive reviews and LaPietra even provided them with the exact wording he wanted them to use.
“Please do the 5-star positive reviews we discussed that will give public credit to my generous services ... Ray LaPietra is a dedicated agent and manager and we like that he works 7 days a week and is always there for us. We could not ask for more," LaPietra wrote in an email to a model.
The models said when they later posted negative online reviews, they were removed.
LaPietra insisted many models and their parents are thrilled with his service, including Mike Immer whose wife and three daughters have modeled for LaPietra for a year.
“As we got to know him better, I got to respect him greatly,” LaPietra said. “He's a wonderful negotiator.”
Immer said he trusted his family with LaPietra in part because of LaPietra's law enforcement background. LaPietra worked as a part-time reserve officer for Merriam and Wyandotte County more than 20 years ago.
Immer said he also chose LaPietra because he had a solid reputation -- something he said he didn't find with other agents.
“The other ones I looked at online did not have the sterling reputation, the years of business and weren't interacting with the models in the same way,” Immer said.
FOX4 Problem Solvers asked which agents he had observed. Immer said he had not actually observed other agents but had observed other agents' models at events.
Immer said he was impressed LaPietra was always at the events working with his models.
Another model also told Problem Solvers that she enjoyed working for LaPietra, had been with him a year and had no problems. She cited two jobs where she had been paid.
Another model said she had made $1,500 working for Career Images.
Although several models FOX4 spoke to were unhappy with the Career Images' contract, LaPietra said it was standard to the industry. He said his 25 percent commission is 5 percent higher than his competitors because he's available to his models 24/7.
Model Dan Wise sued LaPietra and Career Images in 2016 when he claimed LaPietra demanded 50 percent of a modeling fee. LaPietra said he was entitled to the higher fee per the terms of the contract. The case was settled out of court.
So what do you do if you're in a modeling contract you want out of?
Consumer attorney Bryce Bell said minors like Carter Adam and Arteo can almost always walk away from a contract even if it has been cosigned by their parents.
“A lot of judges are going to be skeptical about holding the parents liable for the child's decision to leave the contract if they feel that was necessary for them,” Bell said.
As for adults, Bell cautioned they should be careful what they sign. For example, the Career Images contract makes no guarantee you'll ever get a job. However, the contract requires the agent to promote the model.
Bell said models should speak to multiple talent agents to find out what are standard terms in an industry and be skeptical of any contract that's multiple years in length.
Dismissal for health workers found abusing int'l donations – Minister Lawrence
Heads will roll among Public Health Ministry staffers guilty of abusing international donations and whose departments under-perform forcing chunks of its budget to return annually to the Finance Ministry.
Public Health Minister, Volda Lawrence, sounded the dual warning on Monday during her feature address at the Maternal and Child Health/Expanded Programme on Immunisation (MCH/EPI) quarterly review meeting. The venue was Grand Coastal Hotel, Le Ressouvenir, East Coast Demerara.
The meeting ended yesterday.
Minister Lawrence expressed outrage that international donations given to boost Guyana's health sector programme were converted for personal use by Ministry officials. Pan American Health Organisation/World Health Organisation (PAHO/WHO) Representative, Dr. William Adu-Krow, had earlier complained about the misuse of transportation donated to help the Ministry's immunisation programme in the hinterland.
Turning her attention to budgetary initiatives of her Ministry, Lawrence told participants at the two-day MCH/EPI review meeting to maximise spending on budgetary initiatives.
“Spend money on that for which it is allocated. If that doesn't happen somebody will be going home,” Minister Lawrence warned.
For that to happen the procurement system must be strengthened and the belated arrival of projects for funding from the 10 Regions has to end.
“The Regions fetch the health programme; if you don't tackle the Regions you don't tackle health,” an experienced staffer explained.
Lawrence wants officials to examine, critically, “The progress we have made, the challenges we still face and…formulate a comprehensive Action Plan that will be used to overcome the challenges and produce the desirable outcomes.”
“I want to reiterate that monitoring and appropriate management of our health systems are intrinsic to us making substantial progress. No notable achievement can be made without Standards, Measurable Goals and Best Practices of which all involved must be au fait.
Our hinterland Regions must be an integral part of this process, so let us circumvent the constraints and map out an effective programme for the Maternal and Child Health Department and the Expanded Immunization Initiative,” Minister Lawrence stressed.
Despite the challenges the Minister, Dr. Adu-Krow and Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Shamdeo Persaud pointed out at a ceremony to mark the start of the MCH/EPI meeting, that Guyana's health sector has made several notable gains.
“In the Health Situation Analysis of the CCS 2016-2020, it was noted that since 2010, Guyana has recorded high levels of immunization coverage for which we are extremely happy. It means, therefore, that we must always remain one step ahead, that our procurement process for supply of vaccines is efficient, and that we are prepared to effectively deal with any threat or outbreak,” said Minister Lawrence.
She continued, “We must also ensure that these vaccines can easily reach our hinterland Regions, that the monitoring process is well established and that there is ongoing training of personnel for new vaccines and for Effective Vaccine Management.”
To maintain the momentum, the Public Health Ministry must improve its facilities, have adequate trained personnel in all Regions to lessen complaints about unprofessional behaviour and attitudes and improve the level of patient care, the Minister asserted.
“We must implement Standards and Best Practices for our Clinics and Health Centers. Our mandate is to reduce the incidence of maternal and child mortality, so it is extremely important that our human resource is educated and trained, so that they in turn can inform and teach the mothers who attend clinic sessions,” Lawrence told the opening ceremony.
In the short-term there will be heightened sensitisation and awareness programmes focusing on the behaviours that can be changed to reduce incidences of non-communicable diseases.
Lawrence also wants national discourse on tobacco and alcohol use and physical inactivity and the consequences of these on peoples' health.
“We must strive harder to lessen the number of obese children and encourage healthier eating habits and lifestyles,” Lawrence said.
In her address too, she reiterated Guyana's commitment to the global Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) particularly Goal Three which foresees healthy lives and promotion of the well-being for all at all ages.
This, Lawrence said, referring to SDG number three, “Is our priority, so let us over the next two days establish the achievements we have made and devise innovative strategies that will impact on the vision we have for advancing primary health care for all our citizens.”
Among the new target of the SDG three is a reduction of the Meales, Mumps and Rubella (MMR) to less 70 per 100,000 by 2030, Dr. Adu-Krow said.
He added that also among its vision is ending preventable deaths of new-borns and children under five years of age “with all countries aiming to reduce neonatal mortality to at least as low as 12 per 1,000 live births and under-five mortality to as low as 25 per 1,000 live births by 2030.”
Between 20 and 22 per cent of 15 – 19-year olds in Guyana become pregnant, according to Ministry figures quoted by Dr. Adu-Krow. The PAHO/WHO Representative also assured Guyana of continued help in several areas this year. These include the completion of the PMTCT elimination report through data collection; review the family health manual; build capacity in neonatal, maternal and adolescent health-training programmes for health care workers; procurement of needed obstetric equipment; share the findings of the recent perinatal and neonatal survey which was completed in 2016, and follow up on certification of health workers on the training in reproductive care.
""What is amazing is that whatever issues they are having at home, whatever is missing from their lives or causes them pain, our school is theirs""
Andria Zafirakou Winner, Global Teacher Prize
The Herald Square shopping area that flows into NoMad is getting a Nordstrom Rack at 855 Sixth Ave. on W. 31st Street.
The huge, approximately 46,500-square-foot store will open in the ground, lower level and second floor of the Durst Organization's newly constructed mixed-use tower.
This store will join the one at 60 E. 14th St. to become the second Rack in Manhattan, with others in Brooklyn and Queens.
The parent company is expected to open its first city Nordstrom flagship in 2019. This will be in the large base of Gary Barnett's residential Central Park Tower at 225 W. 57th St., which will top off at 1,550 feet, becoming the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere.
As we previously reported, Nordstrom had been considering a Rack for 3 Columbus Circle, across Broadway from the flagship, but ultimately decided to use that retail space for a freestanding men's department.
The Nordstrom Rack at the Durst project will open this fall. This building is unusual for the city in that it has both office and residential space. It includes 375 residential rental apartments topping 150,000 square feet of Nike office space over this retail space and a garage.
Nordstrom was represented by Stephen Stephanou and Thibaud Veil of Crown Retail Services. Durst was represented by Ross Berkowitz, Robert Futterman and Peter Whitenack of RKF along with an in-house team of Eric Engelhardt, Rocco Romeo, Lindsey Ravesloot and Meghan Duffany. The asking rent for the ground floor was $250 per foot.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia — Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki's lost to Daria Kasatkina 7-6 (2), 6-3 in the quarterfinals of the St. Petersburg Ladies Trophy on Friday.
Kasatkina came back from a break down to win the first set in a tiebreaker before speeding to a 3-0 lead over the top-ranked Wozniacki in the second set.
The eighth-seeded Kasatkina, the last Russian left in the draw, will face France's Kristina Mladenovic in Saturday's semifinals. Mladenovic defeated Katerina Siniakova 6-4, 6-3.
Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic continued her strong wild-card run with a 6-0, 6-2 win over French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko.
Kvitova's will face Julia Goerges of Germany, who defeated Russian qualifier Elena Rybakina 6-3, 6-3.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
SAN JOSE, Calif. — A federal jury decided Thursday that Samsung must pay Apple $539 million in damages for illegally copying some of the iPhone's features to lure people into buying its competing products.
The verdict is the latest twist in a legal battle that began in 2011.
Previous rulings had already determined that Samsung infringed on some of Apple's patents, but the amount of damages owed has been hanging in legal limbo. The issue escalated to the U.S. Supreme Court, which determined in 2016 that a lower court needed to re-examine $399 million of the $548 million that an earlier ruling had said should be paid to Apple.
Apple had argued that it was owed more than $1 billion, while Samsung contended that the $399 million should be slashed to $28 million. The revised damages figure represents a victory for Apple, even though it isn't as much as the Cupertino company had sought.
"Today's decision flies in the face of a unanimous Supreme Court ruling in favor of Samsung on the scope of design patent damages," Samsung said in a statement. "We will consider all options to obtain an outcome that does not hinder creativity and fair competition for all companies and consumers."
An eight-member jury came up with the new amount following a one-week trial and four days of deliberation in U.S. District Court in San Jose.
Apple expressed gratitude to the jury for agreeing "that Samsung should pay for copying our products."
"This case has always been about more than money," a company statement said. "Apple ignited the smartphone revolution with iPhone and it is a fact that Samsung blatantly copied our design."
COLUMBUS, Ind. (WISH) — The Bartholomew County coroner has identified the first-grader who who tested positive for Influenza B and strep throat at the time of her death at Columbus Regional Hospital.
Family members found 7-year-old Savanna Jessie unresponsive at home early Thursday morning. Emergency responders took her to Columbus Regional Hospital, where she was pronounced dead at 6:39 a.m.
Jessie had been running a high fever but did not appear to suffer from sepsis from an infection, nor was there an indication of foul play, Bartholomew Coroner Clayton Nolting told our newsgathering partners at The Republic.
After an autopsy on Friday morning at Columbus Regional Hospital, Jessie's cause of death remained pending the completion of toxicology tests. The coroner's office asked to test body tissue samples and to see the girl's medical records. Nolting said in a release Friday that a final ruling on cause of death could take up to three weeks.
Counselors were available on Friday at Columbus Signature Academy–Lincoln Elementary School, was taken to help her classmates with their grief.
Superintendent Jim Roberts with Bartholomew County Schools released a statement Friday afternoon acknowledging with great sadness the death of the first grader and addressing families' concerns about the flu. Roberts said the school corporation had notified Dr. Roy Goode, the school corporation's physician, the Bartholomew County Health Department and the Indiana State Department of Health.
Although there is no reporting requirement about illness rates until the absence rate reaches 20 percent, Roberts said BCSC's rate was hovering around 5 percent and it was imperative that the school corporation share information about the spread of germs.
The statement advised:
Parents or guardians concerned about a child's overall health, flu-like symptoms or other risk factors should contact their child's primary health care provider or the local health department for recommendations.
Those who are sick should stay home and contact their doctor for advice. Students and staff are encouraged to get the flu vaccine.
Everyday preventative actions such as covering your nose and mouth with a tissue or sleeve when coughing or sneezing, washing your hands or using hand sanitizer and to avoid spreading germs by touching your eyes, nose or mouth.
“As always, school attendance is critical to a child's success,” the statement said. “We respect a parent's determination regarding his or her child's attendance. In making the decision to keep a child at home, as with any absence, parents are expected to contact the school and provide the specific reason to school officials.”
School officials met Thursday with staff members to inform them of the girl's death, but students were not told at that time, said Larry Perkinson, the Bartholomew Consolidated School Corporation employee and student assistance coordinator.
Also Thursday, staff at the girl's school called families with students in the girl's class to inform them of her death, and a written notification was sent to all families who have children in the school, according to Perkinson.
Below is the obituary for Savanna G. Jessie:
Savanna G. Jessie, 7 years old of Columbus, died at 6:39a.m. Thursday, February 1, 2018 at Columbus Regional Hospital. She was a 1st grader at Columbus Signature Academy-Lincoln Elementary School. She loved to draw, color, her stuffed animals, school, and her cats and dogs. Arrangements are pending at this time at Barkes, Weaver and Glick Funeral Home. Burial will follow at Garland Brook Cemetery. Memorial contributions may be given to the Bartholomew County Humane Society. Online condolences and special memories may be shared with the Jessie Family at barkesweaverglick.com and a video tribute viewed. Savanna was born on September 27, 2010 in Indianapolis the daughter of Matthew T. Jessie and Tasha Wooten. Survivors include her father and step-mother, Matthew T. and Jordan Jessie of Columbus, her mother, Tasha Wooten; Sisters, Madison Jessie and Abriannah Jessie; Brothers, Jayden Jessie, Kaleb Jessie, Xander Wooten, Carson Turner, and Keegan Tempest; Grandparents, Larry & Debbie Jessie, Debbie Newsom, Melinda Wooten, David & Tressie Turner, and Beth Piercefield; Great Grandparents, Nettie Pearl Jessie and Charles and Barbara Turner; and several aunts, uncles, and cousins. She was preceded in death by her grandfather, James Wooten; Great Grandmother, Betty Jewell; and Great Grandfathers, Billy Jessie and James Jewell.
Ryan Mayer
Three weeks into the MLB season, and we've already got our first no-hitter. And it came against an unlikely source. The Oakland Athletics are off to a solid start to the season, sitting at 12-11 and just 3.5 games back of the Astros in the American League West division standings. However, heading into this past weekend's series against the Boston Red Sox, you would have been forgiven if you believed that Boston would dominate the A's. The Red Sox had burst out of the gates to a 16-2 record prior to the series, and there wasn't much that could seemingly slow down their bats.
Then, in stepped A's lefty Sean Manaea. The 26-year-old had a solid debut season in 2016 before falling off a bit during last year's campaign. To begin this season, Manaea was dominant, giving up just 5 earned runs through 27.2 innings pitched, while striking out 20 batters and giving up just four walks. In his Saturday start against Boston, he did even better, striking out 10 with just two walks and not allowing a hit through nine innings. It was his first career no-hitter and the first for the A's since Dallas Braden threw a perfect game on Mother's Day of 2010.
There was some controversy in the game, as Red Sox outfielder Andrew Benintendi appeared to record a hit in the sixth inning, but he was ruled to have run out of the base path after instant replay. Manaea now owns a 1.23 ERA, which ranks fifth in the league so far this season.
The leader in that category is San Francisco Giants righty Johnny Cueto, who is experiencing a bounce-back season. Through four starts, Cueto has allowed just one earned run in 26 innings of work, while striking out 23 batters. In his Sunday start against the Angels, Cueto allowed just two hits and struck out seven, earning his second win of the season. He looks well on his way to returning back to his career form after struggling through last season, when he posted his highest ERA since his first year in the majors.
For these and some of the other biggest stories from the past week of baseball, click on the video above.
By TJH
ABC News (NEW YORK) — Seven years before Greg Galeazzi put on a white coat at Harvard Medical School, he wore Army fatigues while serving a year-long deployment in Afghanistan.
In May 2011 a roadside bomb tore off Captain Galeazzi's legs and much of his right arm, just a month before he was expecting to return home.
“It felt like I was an empty coke can on train tracks getting hit by a freight train moving at 100 miles per hour,” said Galeazzi.
Without a medic on the ground, there was no available pain medication.
“All I could do was scream,” Galeazzi recalled. “It's hard to put into words that sickening, nauseating feeling to see that my legs were just gone.”
Due to his unit's remote position in northern Afghanistan, Galeazzi had little hope of receiving timely medical support.
“I put my head back and just thought, ‘I'm dead,'” he said.
He passed out. Upon waking just minutes later, he discovered that his soldiers had successfully applied tourniquets to both his legs and right arm, which had been nearly severed at the shoulder. A half hour later a Medivac helicopter arrived to take him to the trauma bay.
“What I found out then was that the real nightmare was really just beginning,” said Galeazzi.
He endured over 50 surgeries, hundreds of hours of physical therapy, and numerous months as a hospital in-patient.
But the traumatic experience and new limitations did not diminish Galeazzi's dream of becoming a doctor.
“Not only did I still want to practice medicine, but it strengthened my resolve to do it,” explained Galeazzi.
Over the next few years, Galeazzi took more than 18 pre-medical courses and achieved his desired score on the MCAT entrance.
Galeazzi was accepted into Harvard Medical School this past year and is the only student who uses a wheelchair in his class of 165 students. He has not yet decided what type of medicine he'll eventually practice, but is leaning toward a primary care field.
“You're that first line of defense. You need to know a little bit about everything. I like the idea of being a jack of all trades,” he said.
Galeazzi also looks forward to marrying his fiance Jazmine Romero next year.
“Even though I've gone through this journey, it's not lost on me how unbelievable this ride has been,” said Galeazzi.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Health
By Mike Swanger
The season opener for NAPA Wayne County Speedway is set for Saturday night, April 22, with Tony Stewart's Arctic Cat All Star Circuit of Champions in the spotlight as the traveling group will make it's 57th stop at ‘Orrville's Historic Oval'. Four time ASCoC Champion and 1995 &1996 NAPA WCS champ, Chad Kemenah will lead the Star's into Saturday's action as he has the early points lead. Kemenah picked up his 1st win of the season on Sunday, April 9th as he passed Lee Jacobs on the last lap at Atomic Speedway to capture the checkered flag. A couple of Caleb's, Armstrong and Helms are second and third in the Arctic Cat All Star points. Helms has two non All Star wins already this season. Last year, Jac Haudenschild swept the opening night races at NAPA WCS as he set a new track record (14.125 seconds) won his heat race and the dash and lead all the way for the $5,000 payday. Local drivers Danny Mumaw, last seasons track champion, Brad Haudenschild, the '14 and '15 track champion along with Nick Patterson, Mitch and Jordan Harble, Jason Dolick, Troy Kingan, Tyler Dunn, Shawn Hubler and Clay Riney are expected to battle the Stars for the 30 lap $5,000 to win feature.
Lowe's Super Stocks will be the support class as they open their points season. Tyler Thompson was the champion last year with Tyler Nicely, Paul Holmes, Gary Hensel Jr., and Jordan James in the top five and throw in Bob Daugherty with a couple of wins last year which should make for a wide open battle for this years crown.
Both the pit gates and grandstand gates will open at 3 pm Saturday with qualifying at around 6 pm and racing at 7pm.
Go to www.waynecountyspeedway.com for more information on this event and the full 2017 schedule.
In yet another step forward as far as showing the Giants what they want to see, Odell Beckham Jr. is attending this week's three-day voluntary minicamp, even though he will not be able to practice with his teammates.
Beckham continues to rehab coming off ankle surgery and is not yet cleared for on-the-field work. He can participate in the warm-ups and walk-through portion of practice, though, and his presence is another sign he means business as far as comporting himself the right way and showing the organization he is worthy of a long-term commitment.
Beckham showed up two weeks ago for the start of the offseason workout program and last week returned to Los Angeles, eschewing the second week of the workouts in New Jersey to return to training on the West Coast. The Giants are fine with this arrangement.
Beckham is entering the final year of his contract, scheduled to make $8.45 million after the Giants picked up his fifth-year option. He is seeking a long-term extension that would make him the highest-paid receiver in the league.
Beckham went down in Week 5 last season, suffering a fractured ankle Oct. 8 against the Chargers. He is expected to be fine for the start of the season and likely will be cleared for work this summer in training camp.
What to Know There are reports that members of Trump's presidential campaign contacted Russian intelligence officials multiple times before the election
A man was convicted of murder and kidnapping in the death of 6-year-old Etan Patz nearly 40 years ago
A dog named Rumor became the second German shepherd in the 140-year history of the Westminster dog show to win best in show
Get the top headlines of the day in your morning briefing from NBC 4 New York, Monday through Friday. Sign up for our newsletter here.
Trump Knew Flynn Misled White House: Officials
Just six days into his presidency, Donald Trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said Tuesday. But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error was not that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that he denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides. Here's who may replace Flynn. Meanwhile, The New York Times is reporting that U.S. agencies intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Trump's 2016 campaign team.
Democrats Push for Deeper Probe on Russia Ties
The resignation of Flynn elicited a simple but persistent question Tuesday from congressional Democrats: What did President Trump know and when did he know it? After Flynn stepped down late Monday, Democrats demanded the formation of an independent, bipartisan panel to examine possible links between the Trump administration and Russia. This latest push builds on an earlier call by Democrats for an independent inquiry into Moscow's meddling in the 2016 election.
Watchdog to White House: Investigate Conway
The government's ethics watchdog said there is "strong reason to believe" that Kellyanne Conway violated federal ethics rules when she told TV viewers to "go buy" Ivanka Trump products, and is recommending that the White House consider disciplining President Trump's counselor. In a letter made public Tuesday, Walter Schaub, director of the Office of Government Ethics, wrote that Conway's comments clearly violate ethics rules that bar federal employees from using their public office to endorse a product.
White House Shift on 2-State Solution?
The Trump administration suggested Tuesday that peace between the Israelis and Palestinians may not come in the form of a two-state solution — a position that could represent a dramatic shift from what has been U.S. policy for more than 20 years. Speaking to reporters ahead of President Trump's meeting Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, a senior White House official said Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal between the two sides and hoping to bring them together soon.
Man Found Guilty in Etan Patz Case
A jury has found a man guilty of felony murder and kidnapping in the death of 6-year-old Etan Patz, who became one of the country's most iconic missing children when he disappeared from his SoHo bus stop nearly 40 years ago. "I've known for a long time that this man Pedro Hernandez is guilty of doing something really terrible so many years ago," the slain boy's father Stanley Patz said in a brief statement after the verdict. The jury was split at times, but ultimately they had to decide if the multiple confessions Hernandez made were credible. Patz's case helped usher in an era of vigilance. The anniversary of the boy's disappearance became National Missing Children's Day.
German Shepherd Wins Best in Show
Rumor the German shepherd was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss on the very same green carpet, she came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club. Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, she's just the second German shepherd champion at the event that began in 1877. In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports - think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers - Rumor pulled something of a shocker.
Harrison Ford in Another Plane Incident
Actor Harrison Ford was involved in a potentially serious incident on Monday as he was piloting his private plane, a single engine Husky. The 74-year-old actor passed over the top of a commercial jet loaded with 110 passengers and a six-person crew. The incident has prompted an FAA investigation. Ford has been involved in a series of crashes and near-misses while flying aircraft, including in 2015, when he crash-landed a World War II-era airplane on a golf course.
Sedans, hatchbacks, coupes and sports cars are in the noticeable minority at the 2017 New York International Auto Show, where the industry's primary focus is on utility vehicles, both classic SUVs, such as the big Lincoln Navigator, as well as car-based crossover-utility vehicles like the Subaru Crosstrek and Alfa Romeo Stelvio.
The Jeep Grand Cherokee Trackhawk Fiat Chrysler Automobiles
No surprise considering the rapid rise in demand for utility vehicles, said Mark LaNeve, the head of sales, service and marketing for Ford — which is introducing several updated versions of its popular Explorer SUV in the Big Apple. As recently as 2006, all forms of utility vehicles accounted for just 28 percent of the American new vehicle market. Last year, the executive noted, that climbed to 40 percent.
Boom Time for SUVs
"We don't see (the SUV sales boom) stopping," said LaNeve. "Over the next five to seven years, we see it getting to 45 percent, even higher," he said at a Manhattan preview of the 2018 Explorer. "It could reach 50 percent."
According to LaNeve, there are two primary markets for today's utes:
Millennials, who likely grew up with utility vehicles and, as they grow and start families, are likely to make them their new vehicle of choice
Baby Boomers, who are choosing utes for practical purposes, often downsizing from larger sedans to compact SUVs and CUVs.
Related: Luxury Cars Are All About the 'Experience'
The SUV boom began back in the latter half of the 1980s, as automakers started to transform the sort of vehicle originally intended for rugged outdoorsmen, construction crews and the military into a more family-friendly vehicle. Vehicles like the original Jeep Cherokee, the bigger Jeep Grand Cherokee and the original Ford Explorer became easier to drive on-road, offering features like all-wheel-drive and higher seating, which appealed to women looking for better visibility.
While Detroit makers dominated the traditional SUV segment, Japanese manufacturers took a different turn, introducing what were initially derided as "cute-utes" like the Honda CR-V and Toyota RAV4. These car-based "crossovers" aimed to deliver the best of both worlds: while sacrificing some off-road capabilities they were as easy to drive on-road as a sedan, but added lots more flexibility and functionality.
More Popular than the Camry?
This year, according to Bob Carter, the director of U.S. automotive operations at Toyota, demand for the RAV4 may very well pass the Japanese maker's Camry, long the best-selling passenger car in America.
There's little doubt that utility vehicle sales have been helped by low fuel prices, but automakers believe even another spike at the pump will have little impact, Ford's LaNeve noting that the "fuel economy gap" between utility vehicles and similarly sized passenger cars has all but closed. The Honda HR-V, for example, gets 34 mpg on the highway, while the little Fit hatchback it is based on gets up to 40 mpg.
Related: Gas Guzzlers Are Stealing the Spotlight
With demand continuing to grow, automakers are trying to fill in every possible niche, and that is pushing the boundaries of what defines a utility vehicle. "You get into shades of grey," said Ford's sales chief, "about what is an SUV."
The Buick Regal TourX Buick
The new Buick Regal TourX, making its public debut in New York, is a slightly more rugged station wagon. Volvo is offering two versions of its new V90 model. It expects to sell only "a few 100" of the standard wagon version, according to a company official, but "thousands" of the V90 Cross Country, which boasts a higher ride height and more SUV-like cladding.
It also carries a heftier price tag. Put sedan and SUV variants next to one another and the utes are not only taller but, with rare exception, more expensive, delivering much higher profit margins.
And the gap is still growing, with automakers doing everything they can to encourage buyers with more lavish options and models, such as the Ford Explorer Platinum model debuting in New York.
The average transaction price on Ford's various SUV models by about $4,000 a vehicle "in the last several years," LaNeve suggested. "That isn't from price increases. It's customer choosing more well-equipped vehicles."
The New Luxury: Lamborghini and Rolls-Royce SUVs
The new Alfa Romeo Stelvio is one model testing the limits. Indeed, it is the rare luxury brand not yet marketing, or at least developing, an SUV. Recent entries also include the Maserati Levante and Bentley Bentayga, with Aston Martin, Lamborghini and even Rolls-Royce soon to enter the fray.
Germany's three main luxury brands, BMW, Mercedes-Benz and Porsche have long played in the ute segment. The big Cayenne and smaller Macan now make up the majority of Porsche sales — and they have put the "sport" into sport-utes.
Related: Automakers and the SUV Boom
Also at the New York Auto Show — the 600-horsepower Mercedes-AMG GLC 63 S, which can hit 60 in just 3.7 seconds, roughly in line with a Porsche 911 — and the most powerful factory production SUV ever, Jeep's new Grand Cherokee Trackhawk rated at 707 horsepower.
With so many new options on tap, industry observers believe, it's no wonder the SUV is continuing to gain traction even as overall U.S. car sales level off.
Fire crews rushed to a fire in a bin store blaze in Broughty Ferry Road on Sunday.
But, on arrival, only one hose reel jet was needed to extinguish the fire.
A spokeswoman for the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said the fire was “not significant” and there were no injuries.
Crews also attended a small house blaze yesterday – although they were not called into action as it was out on arrival.
Mets manager Terry Collins saw something he hoped to see and something he never expected to see Wednesday.
What he hoped for, and got, was Robert Gsellman pitching with the aggressiveness he showed last September.
What Collins did not expect to see, but did, was a regulation game.
Gsellman, reinstated from the minors earlier Wednesday, pitched through the rain and threw all six innings as the Mets stormed to a rain-shortened 6-3 victory over the Phillies at Citi Field.
“Every time you get sent down, it's very eye-opening. You learn a lot and you just come back a little hungrier,” said Gsellman (6-6) who last started for the Mets on Aug. 26 and last won June 10. “I thought I was very aggressive tonight. I was just throwing the ball where I wanted, going with all my pitches, down in the zone.”
And doing it quickly. By the time the umps ordered the tarp on the field at 9:03 p.m., the game was in the bottom of the sixth with one on and one out.
“They said at home plate the rain was coming they thought about 8:30,” Collins said, which he added led him to expect the game would not be completed. “We have not played the fastest games, so I thought we were going to have a tough time getting five in.”
They got more — and an early lead for Gsellman who “pitched great,” according to Collins.
“I certainly saw a different guy on the mound,” the manager said.
The Mets went up 3-0 in the first against Nick Pivetta (5-10) when Asdrubal Cabrera doubled in a run for one of his three hits and Travis d'Arnaud socked a two-run homer, his 11th. Gsellman singled in a run in the third and Brandon Nimmo's sacrifice flies in the third and fifth brought a 6-0 lead. The Phillies got three runs in the sixth, one unearned, with a Cesar Hernadez RBI double and Nick Williams' two-run homer.
Michael Conforto underwent surgery in Los Angeles to repair a tear in the posterior capsule in his left shoulder. General manager Sandy Alderson previously put the recuperation at “roughly six months.”
There's plenty of other injury news for the Mets.
T.J. Rivera will have Tommy John surgery on his right elbow next week. Amed Rosario still is experiencing swelling in his bruised right index finger and remained day-to-day. Wilmer Flores, who broke his nose when he fouled a pitch into his face in Houston, will be reexamined Thursday. On a positive note, Noah Syndergaard will make another rehab start Thursday for Single-A Brooklyn against Staten Island.
In Tuesday's 9-1 loss to the Phillies, d'Arnaud drove two doubles the opposite way. Collins said he wants to see more of that — and he did as D'Arnaud's homer Wednesday went to right-center.
“Just hitting it where it's pitched, not trying to over-swing and just stay short,” d'Arnaud said, crediting his hitting coaches and noting he is “at my best” when he takes what's given. “Sometimes I over-swing and try to do too much instead of just keep things simple and take what they give me.”
Collins said a strong finish is good for the young guys on his team.
But he noted veteran pitchers Matt Harvey, Jeurys Familia and Syndergaard also could benefit from strong finishes. The Mets want them going into the offseason thinking positively.
“They need to know, No. 1, they're all healthy and they can go into the offseason with the mindset, ‘I've got to get ready to pitch' and knowing their health's good, their arms are good, their backs are good or whatever the injury was and that's behind them,” Collins said. “It's to go out and do what their normal winter workout is to get ready for spring training instead of saying ‘Geez, am I going to be able to throw? Is my stuff gonna be any good?' This last month they'll have an idea of where they are so I think it's important for them to continue to pitch. … If they go into the winter saying, ‘I'm back,' that mindset will help.”
Nimmo, Kevin Plawecki, Chasen Bradford and Paul Seward are scheduled to visit Engine 219 Ladder 105 on Dean Street in Brooklyn from noon to 1 p.m. Friday. The Mets annually visit an FDNY firehouse around the anniversary of 9/11 as a way of honoring and thanking to the firefighters.
By Hayden Wright
After a rocky start to 2017, Mariah Carey seems to have hit her stride with new music and a new boyfriend. The elusive chanteuse split with Australian billionaire James Packer last year and quickly moved on with Bryan Tanaka, a backup dancer who appears on her docuseries Mariah's World. The pair shared an intimate Valentine's Day photo in a large copper bathtub.
Related: Mariah Carey Shares Music Video for ‘I Don't' Featuring YG
Mimi wished her followers a happy Valentine's Day and selected some hashtags: #happy, #moments and #bubbles. She seems to have put a public breakup and humiliating technical difficulties on New Year's Eve behind her. Cheers!
Take a peek at Mariah's carefree, festive Valentine's Day here:
The technology behind autonomous vehicles has originated from coders in Silicon Valley, engineers in Detroit and academic researchers in Pittsburgh. Much of it eventually lands on the streets of Arizona, a state that's done more than any other to welcome tests of unproven self-driving software to public roads.
The death this week of a 49-year-old woman in Tempe, after she was struck by a self-driving Uber Technologies Inc. SUV, highlights the risk of the state's laissez-faire approach to the emerging technology. Developers flocked to the desert state in response to policies that were designed to encourage testing and minimize red tape. That approach has come under scrutiny after what's likely the first pedestrian death linked to an autonomous vehicle.
An Uber self-driving vehicle in Tempe, Arizona, on Feb. 3, 2018. Photographer: Kristoffer Tripplaar/Sipa via AP
Arizona Governor Doug Ducey issued an executive order in 2015 to allow self-driving vehicles to operate without a human backup driver behind the wheel. It was a calculated move to make the state a hub for self-driving tests. California further cracked open a window of opportunity the following year, when its Department of Motor Vehicles shut down an Uber pilot program in San Francisco, insisting that the company register its driverless cars and pay a fee. Ducey, a Republican, implored Uber to relocate.
“While California puts the brakes on innovation and change with more bureaucracy and more regulation, Arizona is paving the way for new technology and new businesses,” Ducey said in December 2016. “California may not want you, but we do.” He took his sales pitch to Twitter, too.
California requires companies to register all automated vehicles used on public roads. Operators must log each time human drivers take manual control from an automated system and file detailed reports of every crash, no matter how minor. The state publicly releases crash reports and letters from the companies on how many times test drivers disengaged their self-driving vehicle systems annually.
Companies may be responding to this by taking their testing elsewhere. Even Alphabet Inc.'s Waymo, which reported a tiny rate of disengagements last year, nearly halved the number of autonomous-driving testing miles racked up in its home state compared with 2016.
Arizona hasn't required any crash or disengagement reporting, and its far more hands-off approach has caught companies' attention. The state now has more than 600 autonomous test vehicles on its roads, according to the governor's office. California has about 365.
“Unlike Arizona, California has taken a safety driven approach when developing autonomous vehicle regulations,” Jim Frazier, a California assemblymember, said on Monday. “Autonomous vehicles have the potential to save thousands of lives a year, but they have to be tested properly to protect the public.”
An Uber self-driving car in San Francisco in 2017. Photographer: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
The greater Phoenix area, which includes Tempe, plays host to autonomous test programs from Uber, Intel Corp., General Motors Co. and Waymo, the startup that sprung from Google's self-driving car project. It's chosen the suburb of Chandler as the location for a driverless chauffering service, which is slated later this year to become the first robotaxi business available to public passengers in the U.S.
City officials in Arizona have taken their cues from Ducey's accommodating posture. Tempe Mayor Mark Mitchell said in an interview last month that he welcomed autonomous vehicles on local streets as a way to help the city plan for changes to land use and transportation that will be wrought by the driverless future. Uber, the mayor said at the time, was “ really operating very safely on our roadways.”
After Sunday's fatal accident, Mayor Mitchell reaffirmed “the innovation and promise the technology may offer” and also vowed that “city leadership and Tempe Police will pursue any and all answers to what happened in order to ensure safety moving forward.”
There are reasons beyond minimal regulation that Arizona is luring autonomous vehicles. Year-round sunny and dry weather enables companies to avoid snowy conditions that can flummox self-driving sensors. In Chandler, a quarter of the workforce is involved in high-tech jobs. The city envisions its East Valley section—home to 10,000 Intel employees, including engineers graduating from Arizona State University's nearby Tempe campus—becoming a key part of the national supply chain for autonomous vehicles.
Waymo self-driving vehicles line up to re-enter the company's facility after morning test drives in Chandler, Ariz., on Oct. 21, 2017. Photographer: David Walter Banks/The New York Times via Redux
“We have a lot of companies currently operating in the AV supply chain that allowed for Chandler to be a good fit for additional AV development,” Micah Miranda, the city's economic development director, said in an interview last month. “A lot of the activity was simmering underneath the surface, and then with Waymo's introduction into the marketplace, it opened up a lot more.”
Just a few weeks before the deadly Uber accident, Arizona expanded its permissive stance toward autonomous vehicles. On March 1, the state issued an update to Governor Ducey 2015 executive order meant to reflect “advancements in technology and testing” of autonomous vehicles. In effect, the move permitted commercial robotaxi services, taking a step further than just allowing public-road testing, according to Bryant Walker Smith, an assistant professor of law at the University of South Carolina.
“The governor is in fact trying to facilitate more rather than less,” Smith said in an email.
The Uber accident highlights the need for transparent collaboration between industry and communities, said Thad Miller, a professor at the School for the Future of Innovation in Society at Arizona State University, who has worked with Tempe's mayor on how to pla for the advent of driverless cars. “Road safety and these other issues must be addressed as larger policy, infrastructure and political problems,” Miller said. “Then we can ask: Where do AVs fit in, and how can they help?”
For the time being, at least, Arizona won't see any of Uber's automated Volvos on its roads. The ride-hailing company said Monday it will pause tests of all autonomous vehicles, which had been operating in Pittsburgh, San Francisco, Toronto and the Phoenix area. Waymo hasn't indicated whether it'll change its commercial robotaxi plans for the area.
“Arizona has been the wild west of robot-car testing with virtually no regulations in place,” said John Simpson, the privacy and technology project director for the nonprofit advocacy group Consumer Watchdog, which has called for a national moratorium on autonomous-vehicle testing on public highways. “When there's no sheriff in town, people get killed.”
PORT HARDY, B.C. – Residents will get the chance to check out the province's “state of the art” Mobile Medical Unit (MMU) as it visits Port Hardy in June.
The unit is the only one of its kind in Canada. It's essentially a giant truck that travels across the province, offering health emergency response and educational services.
The unit will be in Port Hardy on Thursday, June 7th in the Port Hardy Hospital parking lot on Granville Street.
Tours will be available between 1:00 p.m. and 5:00 p.m. The MMU team will be on scene to answer questions about the services provided by the unit.
For more information on the tour, visit the Mount Waddington Health Network's website via this link.
The National Association of Zoological Garden and Wide Life has skipped the 2017 World Animal Day celebration following the abduction of a member in Edo State.
The National Vice Chairman in charge of South/East and South-South of the association, Mr Francis Abioye made this known in Owerri last Wednesday in an interview with newsmen.
Our source reports that the General Manager of Ogba Zoo in Edo State, Dr Eddy Enahire was kidnapped in September while the three police officers attached to him were killed.
According to Abioye, the association cannot celebrate the day while their colleague and major stakeholder in the association is still in custody of the kidnappers.
“The association is still in pain over the killing of three police officers and abduction of our colleague.
“We have decided to skip this year's world animal day celebration to show solidarity and serious concern for our colleague,” he said.
Abioye regretted that the 2017 event was marred by a sad incident, recalling that the last world animal day celebration in Abuja attracted dignitaries across the country.
He said that the association was currently raising fund to assist families of the murdered police officers and called for more support from concerned Nigerians.
Abioye also called on the Inspector-General of Police, Mr Ibrahim Idris to update the association on the true position of the incident.
“We are worried about our colleague, about the three murdered police officers and we need to update on the efforts of the security agencies to rescue and arrest the criminals,” he said.
Red Sox put MLB on notice with $217M David Price splash Dave Dombrowski was hired to run baseball operations by the Red Sox to signal a sea change. Boston had just had a rather unique four years: Last place, championship, last...
What to make of Blue Jays GM's stunning exit KANSAS CITY, Mo. – In late September, I went to lunch with Alex Anthopoulos. We walked several blocks to and from the Rogers Center, and in those short distances you...
Yankees tried to hire departed Red Sox GM KANSAS CITY, Mo. – Not long after Ben Cherington resigned as Red Sox general manager in August, Brian Cashman called to inquire to see if he was interested in working...
Is Red Sox's sudden rise for real? 3 questions before the stamp When the Red Sox won the World Series in 2013 — their third title in 11 years — I believed they were set up for a dynasty. They seemed to...
Dombrowski hire is the latest proof Red Sox are true 'Evil Empire' On the way out the door, Larry Lucchino needs to look in the mirror and ask: Who is the Evil Empire now? The Red Sox's outgoing president got a lot...
Red Sox hire Dave Dombrowski as president; Ben Cherington out BOSTON — The last-place Red Sox shook up their front office on Tuesday night, hiring Dave Dombrowski as the new president of baseball operations and saying goodbye to general manager...
Red Sox misery makes 2013 title feel lucky Championships are forever. There are no asterisks. If the Warriors finish off the Cavaliers, their title will not say, “Yeah, they won, but all four of their playoff opponents were...
The 10 people to keep an eye on at Winter Meetings SAN DIEGO — It's by far the largest gathering each year of people who make their living off Major League Baseball. Which makes the Winter Meetings particularly challenging to stand...
Yankees could learn from Red Sox re-tooling formula The Red Sox have shown a willingness to do what the Yankees pretty much brush off as even a consideration — being bad. Obviously, the Red Sox don't want to be...
Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic(LOS ANGELES) — The Walking Dead star Norman Reedus and his girlfriend, German actress Diane Kruger, are expecting their first child together, sources tell Us Weekly.
The Inglorious Basterds actress first fueled baby rumors during an appearance at the Cannes Film Festival earlier this month, when she wore a billowing gown that appeared to be hiding a baby bump.
Kruger, 41, was also seen abstaining from alcohol at various events, according to the New York Post, and last Thursday, she shared a black and white photo of herself on Instagram, next to a footprint emoji.
Kruger and Reedus, 49, sparked dating rumors when they were spotted kissing in New York City a little over a year ago, according to Us, and made their debut as a couple at the Golden Globes this past January.
This will be the first child for Kruger, who was married to French actor Guillaume Canet from 2001-2006, and dated Dawson's Creek alum Joshua Jackson from 2006-2016.
Reedus dated model Helena Christensen from 1998 to 2003 and they share an 18-year-old son, Mingus Lucien Reedus.
The Walking Dead returns for its ninth season this fall on AMC.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The Caribbean Leadership Project, Leadership Development Programme gets under way in Dominica. On Monday June 12th, a welcome reception was held at the State House Conference Room to host cohort ten of the Caribbean Leadership Project, Leadership Development Programme.
Hope-a-dope Obama ready to fight following midterm losses WASHINGTON — His dukes are up, but he's got a political glass jaw and was down for the count only last week. Still, President Obama issued a rallying cry to...
Unpopular Obama put Dems in a hole for 2016 WASHINGTON — Even Michelle can't give him cover for how much he dragged his party down. President Obama, here with the first lady at the White House on Thursday, is...
NY breaks the lowest voter turnout record in governors race New York voters shattered a record in Tuesday's elections — but no one's going to be bragging about it. This record is for the lowest turnout in a New York...
A stunning tidal wave of change in the Senate The 2014 midterms were the Beach Boys election — because when you catch a wave, which is what the Republicans have just done, you're sitting on top of the world....
Green Party on the map as Hawkins grabs 5% of gov vote New York state's low-profile Green Party scored big in Tuesday's election, even though its candidate for governor was never in contention. Green Party candidate Howie Hawkins grabbed just 5 percent...
State's three propositions expect to pass New York voters were on their way to approving three propositions that appeared on ballots across the state, including a measure to take redistricting out of the hands of lawmakers....
Voters turned away in Connecticut after voter list blunder Another close election for governor in Connecticut — and another major screw-up in one of the state's largest cities. Voters were turned away from polling places in Hartford early Tuesday...
Grimm easily wins re-election as trial looms A federal indictment and a looming trial didn't keep Republican Michael Grimm from easily winning re-election Tuesday to his Staten Island congressional seat. Grimm romped over his Democratic opponent, ex-City...
Why the GOP needs a stampede in the midterms For a year, the big question in political circles has been whether Tuesday's midterm elections will be a Republican “wave.” Optimistic conservatives and GOP operatives say (and hope) yes; concerned...
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
I was born in upstate New York and raised for the first 18 years of my life in a Pentecostal church, along with nine other siblings. We were in service at least four days out of the week; my mom was dedicated to God and the mission of the church and was determined to instill the same belief system in her children. I didn't know if she was trying to church us to life, or church us to death, but that's the mind of a child. Regardless of my personnel thoughts, it was obvious her heart was in the church, and she was in love with God.
As time progressed and she continued to work diligently, I began to hear the people murmuring and complaining about her having favor with the pastor, and many other hurtful things were said out of malice that tragically affected my mom and ultimately separated the family. The mom who would wake my six sisters up “before day in the morning” with the smell of burning hair on the hot comb for church, the one who would make sure we went to church at least three times a week, the one who would invite the pastor over every Sunday for dinner against our wishes, the woman whose heart was in the church, had ceased to exist. Our family was separated and devastated.
For me, this was personal and tragic, but as I grow older and wiser, I am better to understand the lesson of life. Hurt is hurt no matter where it comes from or what form it comes in, but it has been said, “there's no hurt like church hurt.” Let us examine this hurt, from a holistic point of view in mind, body and spirit with the objective of getting a full understanding of the cause, effect and the possibility of restoration.
What is the church? Webster's Dictionary defines church as “a building that is used for Christian religious services.”
The biblical definition reveals the origin of the church.
• The original Greek word is ekklesia. ‘Ek' is out of; ‘kaleo' is to call, and this means “out calling.” It's gathering of people called out to a public place for a special purpose.
• What Jesus the Christ meant when He said in Matthew 16:18, “I will build my church.” In Matthew 18:20, He makes it clear by saying, “when two or three are gathered together in my name, I am there in the midst.”
• According to 1 Corinthians 1:2, the church is an assembly of the saints. This title describes the people in Christ to be sanctified and set apart (‘ekklesia'– the called out).
Most people, believers and non-believers, think church is a building or a structure to be claimed by a religious organization. “This is our church,” but it's more than that. Not understanding the eternal importance of God's church can be a great loss for mankind. If the church is just a building, what happens if a natural disaster destroys it; is the church destroyed?
Wikipedia defines it as “an organized body of people with a particular purpose, especially a business, society, association, etc.”
Many Christians consider the church to be an organization or a place where likeminded people come together to fellowship and worship. As a society, they have formed a church.
Many Christians consider the church to be an organism or “a body made up of organs, organelles or other parts that work together to carry on the various processes of life,” according to Webster's definition.
In 1 Corinthians 12:12-14, we see, “Just as a body, though one has many parts, but all its many parts form one body, so it is with Christ. For we were all baptized by one Spirit so as to form one body – whether Jews or Gentiles, slave or free – and we were all given the one Spirit to drink. Even so the body is not made up of one part but of many.”
Many people in general believe the church is similar to a hospital or “a place where sick or injured people are given care or treatment and where children are often born,” according to the Wikipedia definition. Some people see sin as a sickness that needs to be taken to a place that can heal it. “The church” is the hospital.
Luke 5:31 says, “And Jesus answering said unto them, They that are whole need not a physician; but they that are sick.”
The Wikipedia definition of a temple is, “a building devoted to the worship, or regarded as the dwelling place, of a god or gods or other objects of religious reverence.” Many religious people believe the temple to be a structure built to house the spirit of God or a place where God's spirit dwells.
In 2 Samuel 7:5, it says, “Go and tell my servant David, ‘This is what the Lord says: Are you the one to build me a house to dwell in”?
Now, what is actually the view of the church?
• Is it a church building – a structure claimed by a religious organization?
• Is it an organization – a society of likeminded people?
• Is it an organism – moving parts, operating or living for one purpose?
• Is it a hospital – a place where the sin sick go to recover?
• Is it a temple – the house of God?
To be continued in my next faith column…
Michael Ruttlen Sr. is senior pastor of Pickett-Rucker United Methodist Church in Lebanon. Preacher's Corner features a new local preacher each month writing a column.
Arnold Palmer honored in emotional first-tee ceremony AUGUSTA, Ga. — Other than perhaps the annual Tuesday night Champions Dinner, the moment at this first Masters since 1954 without Arnold Palmer that his absence was most deeply felt...
Jack Nicklaus: Phil Mickelson can match my historic feat AUGUSTA, Ga. — Jack Nicklaus was 46 years old when he won the last of his six Green Jackets in 1986. He wouldn't be surprised if Phil Mickelson is able...
Why PGA Tour needs more stars who think like Rickie Fowler ORLANDO, Fla. — The circus left Bay Hill shortly after sunset Sunday. The PGA Tour is a traveling circus of sorts that roots itself into a golf course for a...
Arnold Palmer memories from those who knew him at Bay Hill ORLANDO, Fla. — The first thing you learn from the people who knew Arnold Palmer best is this: The King was a creature of habit. This is precisely what makes...
At Arnold Palmer's funeral, his grandson stepped out of his shadow ORLANDO, Fla. — Growing up as Arnold Palmer's grandson, Sam Saunders always figured his life-changing moment would come in the form of a Masters green jacket (his grandfather won four...
Are golf's biggest stars disrespecting Arnold Palmer's legacy? The week is designed to be a celebration of Arnold Palmer, one of the most iconic figures in all sports — not just the one he played and helped...
How Ian Poulter lost a $100 bill signed by Arnold Palmer PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla. — With the death of Arnold Palmer last summer still fresh in the minds of many and his annual Arnold Palmer Invitational tournament coming in a...
Ali, Palmer, Summitt: Cruel year took so many legends from us The names have come roaring at us in a furious blur, so many of them, too many to count, too many to keep up with. Maybe there have been other...
Replay folly, misplaced patriotism — just another sports Thursday Thursday used to be something of an off day. They don't even write songs about Thursday. “Good-bye Ruby Thursday?” “Thursday will never be the same?” “Thursday, Thursday, can't trust that...
West Bromwich Albion midfielder Chris Brunt says the Baggies' playing methods have changed since Alan Pardew has been appointed as manager.
Listen to the interview on BBC Radio 5 live on Friday, 2 February from 19:00 GMT, and watch on Football Focus on BBC One on Saturday, 3 February from 12:00 GMT.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — A St. Paul man is facing charges for a fatal crash that prosecutors say started when he fled police.
Shawn Konder, 26, is facing one charge of third-degree murder, two charges of criminal vehicular homicide and one charge of making terroristic threats.
According to the criminal complaint, Konder was watching his 2-year-old son and a 15-year-old girl at their St. Paul home Friday evening while their mother was at work. The young girl said that Konder left the home several times and came back smelling of alcohol and acting drunk.
Later that night, Konder and the girl got into an argument and began fighting. Just then, the children's mother came home and broke up the fight with the help of her friend. Konder left the residence and came back later to threaten the mother with an 18-inch machete, prompting a 911 call.
When Konder sped off, police spotted his white construction van on the road and began a pursuit. Eventually, he led officers on a high-speed chase down an alley between University Avenue and Sherburne Avenue at Chatsworth Street. Officers estimated his speed at about 80 mph.
Konder eventually sped out of the alley at Victoria Street where he smashed into another car, shoving both vehicles into a garage on Sherburne Avenue. There, he jumped out of the car and tried to run away, but fell to the ground and was arrested.
The garage collapsed on top of the other car, seriously injuring the driver — 41-year-old Lashay Whittaker. He was rushed to the hospital but later died.
While being transported to the hospital, prosecutors say Konder laughed and referred to the incident as “a cat and mouse game that he had lost.”
In an interview with police, prosecutors say Konder later admitted to drinking that night, but only remembered crashing. He reportedly told the officer he was sorry for the victim and his family, and “deserved whatever he got for ruining their lives.”
If convicted on all counts, Konder could face decades in prison.
Mary Magdalene Bailey, 78, died Thursday, February 1, 2018, with her family by her side in Freeport, Florida.
She was born June 15, 1939, in Ponce de Leon, Florida to Reuben and Ola Bearden. A 1959 graduate of Ponce de Leon High School. Married the love of her life, Marvin Bailey, February 20, 1960. She loved cooking for her family and friends. She worked for both Okaloosa and Walton County School Food Services for 22 years, retiring from Walton County in 1999. One of her greatest pleasures was dancing with her husband and laughing with her friends. Her friends from the American Legion Post #78 in Samson, Alabama say her laughter was infections and their dancing was captivating.
Mary “Mag” Bailey is survived by her loving husband, Marvin Bailey; three children; Teresa Burnham & husband William, Jasper Bailey & fiancé Beth Jones, Mary Arlene Revis & husband Jeff; one sister; Shirley Scott & husband Rheams; 9 grandchildren, 5 great-grandchildren, and numerous nieces & nephews. She was preceded in death by her mother and father; Ola Brannon Bearden and Reuben Bearden; sisters; Betty Bearden, Marcia Gallugi & Ina “Pat” Boutwell; & brothers; Willie Bearden, Marvin Bearden.
A time of visitation will be held from 6-8 PM, Sunday, February 4, 2018, at Clary-Glenn Funeral Home Chapel; 230 Park Avenue, DeFuniak Springs, Florida 32435.
Graveside services with Rheams Scott officiating will be held at 2:00 PM, Monday, February 5, 2018, at Euchee Valley Presbyterian Church Cemetery, 5551 County Highway 183 N, DeFuniak Springs, Florida. Flowers are being accepted.
You may go online to view obituaries, offer condolences and sign guestbook at www.clary-glenn.com.
Clary-Glenn Funeral Homes & Crematory is entrusted with the arrangements.
RENO, Nev. — Madeleine Pickens wanted the African-American chef she recruited from the country club she owns in Southern California to cook “black people food” — not “white people food” — at her rural Nevada dude ranch and wild horse sanctuary, according to a federal lawsuit accusing her of racial discrimination.
Armand Appling says the wealthy philanthropist and ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens told him fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread would be perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages, ride horses and take Wild West “safaris” on ATVs at her Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort.
Appling alleges he was fired 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment. He says Pickens' stereotypical references were commonplace at the Elko County ranch stretching across 900 square miles on the edge of the Ruby Mountains about 50 miles west of the Utah line.
Related: T. Boone Pickens Discusses Proposed Solution to Nation's Energy Woes
Among other things, he says Pickens, who is white, instructed him to terminate two other black kitchen staffers — one she referred to as her “bull” or “ox” and another who had “too much personality.” He says she told him they didn't “look like people we have working at the country club” and didn't “fit the image” of the staff she wanted at the ranch.
Pickens' lawyers argue that even if all the allegations are true, none of her comments were racially motivated. At worst, Pickens' remarks “reflect a non-racial personality conflict and amount to discourtesy, rudeness or lack of sensitivity,” they wrote in recent court filings.
U.S. District Judge Miranda Du said during a hearing in Reno last week that Appling's lawyers have failed so far to prove the sort of racial hostility needed to win such a civil rights claim. She dismissed the original lawsuit that was filed in February but gave them until Jan. 13 to refile an amended complaint seeking unspecified damages from Pickens' nonprofit, Save America's Mustangs.
“It takes a lot to prove these allegations,” Du told California attorney Willie Williams on Thursday.
Related: Trump Ally Carl Paladino Slammed for ‘Racist' Wish List for Obamas
Du agreed with Pickens' lawyer, Dora Lane of Reno, that the only comment that specifically referred to race was the reference to “black people food.”
Lane said categorizing foods by ethnicity is commonplace in the restaurant industry. Some restaurants serve Mexican food, others Chinese or Thai food, she said.
“The suggestion that such categorizations are inherently offensive is nonsense,” Lane argued in earlier court documents. “This is especially true here, given that Pickens' alleged comments actually reflect a preference for ‘black people food' rather than a racial anima against ‘black people' or ‘black people food.'”
Williams said Pickens' comments about the fired employees “not fitting in” reinforces a long history of African-Americans not being allowed into elite, private-club settings. Pickens owns the exclusive Del Mar Country Club north of San Diego where Appling worked before she hired him for a 5-month stint in Nevada.
Related: Civil Rights Groups Criticize Fox News for ‘Racist and Offensive' Chinatown Segment
“In many cases, the people fighting to keep African-Americans out of these private clubs would use code phrases like ‘they do not fit the image,'” Williams said in court documents. He added the use of the words “ox” and “bull” implies ownership of property, given “America's long history of slavery where they were considered personal property of their owners.”
Lane argued it was a complimentary reference to physical strength and “was not accompanied by any overtly racial slurs.”
“Indeed, Appling does not allege that he ever heard any overtly racial epithets, such as the ‘N-word,'” she wrote in court documents.
But Williams told the judge last week the comments must be viewed in the context of racial stereotypes.
Du agreed that Lane's arguments focus on the “plain meaning of words” while seemingly ignoring the context of comments made about “African-Americans in history and stereotypes that could give rise to racial animas.”
“If the alleged comments were not directed at him, but others who look like him, it may affect his work environment,” the judge said.
Staff Sgt. Marceline Williams, a member of the Upper Skagit Indian Tribe dwelling on the coast of Washington state, carefully puts on native attire before a dance presentation at Scott Air Force Base.
She slips on hand-stitched, rose-beaded moccasins starting with the left and then the right. Her buck-skinned dress is fastened with a leather belt and adorned with intricate bead work which took her aunt over a year to craft. Layered on her neck are colorful necklaces with little pouches, scarves and gems.
She threads otter skins through her tightly braided hair and secures them with beaded decorative wraps. She paints berry colored stripes around her eyes, and to finish, she places eagle feather plumes in her hair fastened by a “medicine wheel” barrette. Hidden underneath her dress is a cross “for protection.”
“I don't know why, but I've always had this ritual when putting on my native dress,” said the 28-year-old. “I think it's just a way to focus on my presentation as I prepare to dance. It's quite a process to get ready, and when I have everything on it can weigh up to 25 pounds. Dancing in this has always been great exercise.”
Born in White Swan, Wash., she grew up on the Yakama Reservation until the age of 10. Her biggest influence was her aunt, Alberta Williams of the Shoshone tribe — who loved to attend powwows.
It's Alberta's signature roses that adorn Marceline's regalia, which are a testament to her skill and patience. The vibrant colors used are hallmarks of the Native American culture.
Alberta's enthusiasm influenced Marceline's mom, Deanna, to start taking her to local powwows when she was 4. Powwows are celebrations of dance and song, and provides a forum where tribes come together socially for fellowship, heritage, and fun.
After the family moved to Upper Skagit as a way to expose Marceline and her three sisters to opportunities the reservation could not provide, she continued to dance through high school, often winning competitions which could net up to $700 per event.
“This became a great way for me to travel all over to larger gatherings in Montana, Idaho and the largest powwow in Albuquerque [N.M.] called the Gathering of Nations,” she said.
Even though she had a cross-country running scholarship to a state college and considered an Army ROTC scholarship, she felt drawn to the Air Force and enlisted in 2009 in the Force Support career field. Her first duty station took her to Minot, North Dakota, where the weather and loneliness can be difficult for new airmen.
“Thankfully, the base had a lot of quality-of-life programs and initiatives that helped a lot,” she said. She said her first year there was the hardest, having to work on Christmas and walking back to her dorms in the middle of a blizzard.
“I'm trying to walk back to my dorm room in knee high snow and a dozen layers of clothes on thinking, ‘Is this my life?'”
Soon, however, she adjusted to life there working in lodging and then the dining facility, making time to attend powwows as she could.
While at Minot, her daughter, Naomi, was born.
“She's five now and she's attending the powwows with me. I'm excited to pass on my heritage to her. She's got her own pink Minnie Mouse outfit that she loves to wear when we dance.”
Since arriving at Scott in 2014, she first worked in the dining facility and is now the NCO in charge of the Fitness Assessment Cell, where she and her team of three airmen conduct the Air Force physical fitness tests.
Upon her arrival, the dining facility was deep into planning for the holiday meals, and she said it was a challenge to develop the meal plans, order the right amounts of food, and get the right estimates of customers, for example. But, she said, it helped shape her into the NCO that she is today.
“I plan to make the Air Force my career,” said Marceline. “I enjoy working with people and feel that I can handle a variety of situations well. Working in the Force Support career field is challenging, but also very rewarding. For instance, recently I've been working with people who needed to pass their test, and I feel a great sense of accomplishment helping them to do that.”
She said that while she loves her job, she also wants to pursue being a military training instructor. Until then she plans to keep sharing her love of dance with the base.
“Dancing at the Centennial Fall Fest was the first time I performed at any event for the Air Force, and I'd like to find more avenues to keep doing that,” she said. “I'm also happy to know two other women in the wing who are Native American. There are so few of us, so it's kind of surprising to have us all here. It's great to have that fellowship because there are certain things that only you can understand as a Native American, so it's good to have others to share that with.”
Within the Department of Defense, there are just .07 percent of the workforce identified as one of the nation's 566 federally recognized tribes. The observance of Native American Heritage Month gives the DoD an opportunity to honor the 21,000 American Indian and Alaska Native service members and civilians.
Master Sgt. Emma Schweitzer, 375th FSS Fitness and Sports Operations section chief, said, “Staff Sgt. Williams has the ability to help join a bridge between many mixed cultures while serving in the Air Force by sharing her story. It helps create a better understanding of the well-blended micro society we all share and call home. She can help … create a better understanding of how important knowledge and respect of others is in the melting pot we reside and live in every day. Having the opportunity to share and educate others on different ethnic backgrounds helps us to understand one another, to join together as one, and be bigger, faster and stronger in … the Air Force mission.”
By Karen Petitt , 375th Air Mobility Wing Public Affairs
— Native American Airman shares rich culture with Scott AFB —-
Ahmed Sahid Nasralla (De Monk): Sierra Leone Telegraph: 4 July 2018:
Traditionally, paramount chiefs in Sierra Leone play an important role in maintaining law and order at chiefdom level. But they need to go beyond that now, to ensure the efficient delivery of basic services such as health and sanitation, education, water and electricity supplies to people in local communities.
This is one of the conclusions that necessitated the UK Aid funded SABI project, which seeks to strengthen community-led accountability, increasing awareness of and demand for the delivery of basic services.
Operational in every district in Sierra Leone, the SABI project aims to build relationships between citizens and the state in supporting the effective delivery of essential services, by contributing towards creating a more informed and empowered citizenry which can hold effective and ongoing dialogue with better engaged and more accountable state service providers.
“Paramount Chiefs leadership was assessed as part of the structures targeted by the project to enable the project design activities of engagement,” said Joseph Ayamga, Country Director of SEND Sierra Leone whose organization is one of the implementing partners working in the Eastern Region of the country.
“It was realized that PCs have strengths, but they also have different needs for capacity to make them effective in their work.”
Therefore, on 21st June 2018, a cross-section of Paramount Chiefs, Section Chiefs and Chiefdom Speakers from Kenema, Kono and Kailahun districts met in Kenema city for a two-day capacity building workshop under the auspices of SEND Sierra Leone.
The workshop discussed issues around the roles and responsibilities of Chiefs in development, leadership for community development, resource mobilization and accountability at community level, experience sharing on working with women, and other minor groups, and the Code of Ethics for Chiefs.
(Photo: Paramount Chiefs concede that political interference has been a key challenge to their authority)
The focus of the workshop is to empower traditional leaders for leadership with the knowledge and practical skills for the development of their chiefdoms and to enable them clearly understand their functions and to perform them. It is also to create understanding of good leadership and how it promotes development.
However, during discussions the Paramount Chiefs lamented several challenges affecting their leadership roles and conceded that political influence (or interference) is a big challenge to their authority. They claimed that the central government is more recognized in the chiefdoms than they the Paramount Chiefs.
“Chieftaincy is the bedrock of development in Sierra Leone, but politicians have influenced the local structures and have misinformed our people to depend on NGOs and Government to bring development to their communities. Decentralization is still hanging at the District Councils; it has not reached to the Chiefdoms,” said PC Musa N. Kallon II of Njaluahun Chiefdom, Kailahun District and urged for the SABI project to engage local/section chiefs to be able to initiate development in their communities.
Similarly, PC Alhaji S. C. N. Kono-Bundor II of Gorama-Kono Chiefdom said the workshop has given them the opportunity to re-examine themselves, looking at their strength and weaknesses and the development challenges they are faced with.
“I therefore recommend that we review our Code of Ethics every three years to improve on our roles and responsibilities as PCs, and we must hold regular meetings with the entire body of the National Council of PCs,” said PC Kono-Bundor II, who has been a PC for 33 years now.
On the other hand, PC Alamen Kanneh of Koya Chiefdom, Kenema District, noted that PCs have been rulers instead of leaders owing to their tradition.
He therefore called on his colleagues to move away from that reprehensible tradition and become leaders, so they can harness the skills and resources available in their chiefdoms for development.
“Rulers create fear in the minds of their people, but leaders serve, and they bring everybody on board to develop the community,” said PC Kanneh.
Senior District Officer in the Ministry of Local Government and Rural Development, Moses M. Gbetty, noted that the Codes and Ethics of Paramount Chiefs were merged and designed by the PCs themselves and they should take the lead in developmental processes in their chiefdoms.
“As PCs you should manage your political feelings well, empower your people and provide services for them. You have to step up and exhibit true leadership. You are close to the people and you know their skills. You know your people well. Their skills and challenges. You should have a functional relationship with local councils,” said Gbetty.
He called on the PCs to popularize the Code of Ethics of Paramount Chiefs and let the President of Sierra Leone understand that they should be part of conflict resolution in supporting the implementation of the Local Court Act of 2011 as part of the matters requiring adjudication to the local court, and should include the Chiefdom Police as they are provided for by the Constitution of Sierra Leone.
On the issue of Gender Equality and Social Inclusion (GESI), Program Officer for Governance Allieu Marrah, urged the PCs to ensure total inclusion of everyone in the chiefdom (leaving no one behind) in decision making processes in the chiefdoms through the formation of committees like Chiefdom Committee, Village Development Committee, Facility Management Committee, etc.
In essence, noted Ayamga, we want the PCs to provide answers to the key questions which will help them to become development-oriented leaders of their people.
For example, how do you work to achieve efficient service delivery in your chiefdom in the area of health, education, agriculture, and sanitation?
How do you include people with disability and those who do not have access to resources and other minority groups in decision making process for the development of the chiefdom? How will you work together as Chiefs, share ideas and help one another? What kind of leadership strengths do you have and what are your weaknesses?
During the workshop analogies were drawn from short fabled stories on leadership including ‘The Owl Who Was God', ‘The Tortoise, The Elephant and The Hippopotamus' and the ‘The Ants Colony'. The PCs learnt various lessons from these stories.
“A leader must be a good listener because you don't see or know everything,” said PC Tamba Emmanuel Torcho Foryoh IV of Sowa Chiefdom, Chairman Council of Paramount Chiefs in Kono district. “You must beware of praise singers because they most times mislead you. You must listen carefully, consult, find out, analyse, investigate and act.
“You must be inclusive. No matter how strong you are as a leader, you have your weaknesses and you cannot do it alone. Don't underestimate the intelligence of your people, even the smallest member in your community matters.”
Furthermore, the PCs learnt that as a leader you should be able to identify the resources (human and natural) in your chiefdom that you can use.
“Development is a public good, not a private good. When it's private, it benefits only a certain people. We want them to understand that leadership goes with responsibility. That is what the SABI project is all about. It is about empowering yourself and your people to work together for the development of your chiefdom,” said Ayamga.
SABI project is a four-year citizen-led accountability programme funded by UK aid and being delivered by a consortium led by international development agency Christian Aid.
About the author
Ahmed Sahid Nasralla (De Monk) is General Secretary of the Sierra Leone Association of Journalists (SLAJ).
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
OAKLAND — Jordan Bell's season at Oregon ended last year when he failed to corral a rebound in the last seconds of a Final Four loss to North Carolina.
Kevon Looney watched from the bench last June as the Warriors won their second NBA title in three seasons.
From those humble vantage points, Bell and Looney are now poised to play substantial roles beginning Thursday in the NBA Finals against the Cleveland Cavaliers.
One of them is likely to start at center, although neither had been given the official word.
“Steve changes his rotation a lot,” Looney said of Warriors coach Steve Kerr. “You just go with the flow and stay ready.”
Bell couldn't be more ready.
“I'm used to being in moments like this at every level of my basketball career,” he said. “Obviously, this is way bigger. I'm very excited for it.”
Looney, who sat out all 17 postseason games a year ago because of a left hip injury, started four of seven games against the Houston Rockets in the Western Conference finals, contributing 3.7 points and 5.0 rebounds in 19 minutes per game.
“It's been a lot different for me,” Looney said. “Play some big minutes and try to make a difference in each game. It's been big for me. It's been a lot of fun.”
Looney said he felt part of the team a year ago, but acknowledged, “This is just a different feeling, being in the game, making a difference and them depending on me.”
Both 6-foot-9 post players earned time primarily because of their defensive versatility. Especially with wing Andre Iguodala sidelined the past four games because of a knee injury, the Warriors are relying on Bell and Looney to be able to guard post players but also jump out on switches.
“I saw a role I could play, which was switching out on screens on the defensive end, and crashing the boards on the offensive end, try to score around the basket,” Looney said.
As much as anything, it was a matter of being healthy. Looney struggled with injuries to both hips his first two seasons, which led to others casting doubt on his future.
“There was always a question if it was going to happen for me,” he said. “I stayed pretty confident in myself, even though people told me it wasn't going to happen. You might get traded, you might even get cut.
“I always had confidence in myself and my game and what I could do. I knew if I kept working hard my moment would come. On this team, Steve gives everyone an ample opportunity to play. For me to be here, I don't I think I even dreamt of starting in the Western Conference finals.”
Bell still thinks back to the Final Four, where North Carolina's Kennedy Meeks wrestled a rebound away from him after a missed free throw by a Tar Heels player with four seconds left. North Carolina won 77-76.
The lesson he learned then, and tries to apply to his budding NBA career: “Knowing that every mistake can cost you a game.”
General manager Bob Myers said the Warriors saw plenty they liked in Bell, who had 16 rebounds in the loss to Carolina.
“More for us, we saw the way the league was going. It's evolving into a lot of switching and athleticism,” Myers said. “There are a lot of things we liked in him. Bottom line, you draft players that help you win.”
Bell had a clear vision once the trade happened. He even anticipated the chance to face LeBron James in the Finals.
“To me, this was the best situation I ever could be put in,” he said. “I felt like I was the No. 1 pick in the draft.
“When I came to this team, I knew we were going to the Finals. And I knew, more than likely, LeBron was going to go because they went three years before.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Swimmers in Reading will soon be splashing around in the town's new lido as the redevelopment of King's Meadow Baths nears completion.
Bosses revealed earlier this year that they were pushing for the new Thames Lido to open in autumn 2017, and now say the aim is for the centre to be in use by early October.
Reconstruction work has been ongoing since 2013, and is being handled by the same team who rejuvenated the Bristol Lido.
When the lido opens it will have a 120-cover restaurant headed up by executive chef Freddy Bird nestled between the pool and the River Thames.
It will be open seven days a week for breakfast, lunch and dinner, serving up chef Bird's unique take on Moorish and Mediterranean cooking.
The menu will focus on well-sourced ingredients, primarily cooked in fire and wood ovens.
Take a look at our pictures from the Thames Lido building site taken in 2016
The baths were first opened to the public in 1902 as the Ladies Swimming Baths. The site is believed to be the oldest surviving outdoor municipal pool from the Edwardian period.
The space has been modernised with a 25-metre outdoor swimming pool which will be open all year, heated to a relaxing 22°C to 25°C.
It will be surrounded by a relaxation area and bar with its own hot tub open from 8am to 11pm with tapas and cakes served at points during the day.
Finally, a spa will offer a range of massage services, as well as two poolside saunas.
An official opening date has not yet been revealed.
Image copyright Chevron Image caption The Alba field is one of those involved
Oil firm Chevron is set to put its platforms in the Central North Sea up for sale.
The Alba, Alder, Britannia, Captain, Elgin-Franklin, Erskine and Jade platforms are included in the plans.
The operations employ 610 staff and 220 contractors.
Chevron said it was confirming an intent to market its assets in the Central North Sea, and that those assets may or may not be sold.
The new Polish “Holocaust law” was felt by Israeli students in Poland Monday, when a joint Israeli-Polish Holocaust remembrance ceremony was cancelled after Polish authorities tried to censor the speech of an Israeli mayor.
Kiryat Bialik Mayor Eli Dukorsky had been set to address a delegation of students from his city who were visiting Poland. His speech included personal accounts of the Holocaust and references to Polish bystanders and collaborators, as well as Righteous among the Nations.
But before he delivered his speech, the mayor of Kiryat Bialik's Polish "twin city" Radomsko, Jarosław Ferenc, with whom he was to participate in a joint ceremony, told him that local authorities had asked to review the speech.The Israeli mayor obliged to the request and the Polish mayor subsequently asked him to remove parts of the speech that referred to Polish complicity in the Holocaust.Dukorsky consulted the Israeli Foreign Ministry on how to proceed, and the ministry advised him to refuse the censorship of his text. As a result, the Polish officials cancelled the ceremony, according to Israeli media.In a statement sent to The Jerusalem Post, Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely said: "Indeed, the mayor of Kiryat Bialik approached me and after consulting with the professional staff of the Foreign Ministry, Israel is not prepared to compromise on historical facts. In remembering painful events from the Holocaust, there is no intention to blame the entire Polish nation. It's important that we continue in an open and honest dialogue between the two sides. I am sorry to hear that the Radomsko municipality in Poland canceled the joint ceremony."The Israeli Foreign Ministry has contacted the Polish Foreign Ministry regarding the incident.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) — Before the Missouri man died earlier this month with his wife of 77 years holding his hand, Raymond Breuer remarked to a nurse that if his spouse passed away about that time they should be buried in the same casket.
Velva Breuer passed away 30 hours after her husband's death Aug. 4, and Raymond's wish came true.
The Columbia Daily Tribune reports that the Breuers, in a single casket and holding hands, were buried Friday near their parents and other relatives near St. James.
Raymond lived to be 97, Velva 96. They had six children, three of whom survive, and great-great grandchildren.
The Breuers grew up near each other in Dawson Township in rural Phelps County and were married in 1940.
Maybach Music Group CEO William “Rick Ross” Roberts is moving from the recording world to TV — as a mentor on the new VH1 series “Signed.”
Ross, the acclaimed rapper and CEO of Maybach Music Group, joins Grammy-winning songwriter/producer The-Dream (Radio Killa Records) and Roc Nation A&R senior VP Lenny S. on the eight-episode series, which follows Ross, The-Dream and Lenny S. as they work to develop unsigned hip-hop and R&B artists in Atlanta. The artists will face challenges and eliminations; those who impress the moguls the most have the chance to to be signed to Maybach Music, Radio Killa Records or Roc Nation.
“The show was really a dope idea, and what made it different was [that] it wasn't just about a show and us getting paid per episode,” says Ross. “It was really about the opportunity to get in front of the dopest artists in the US — male and female.
‘If you fall down, are you going to get back up and be hungry? Will you refuse to lose? That's what I'm looking for.'
“I'm always looking for talent, so once I saw the extent that VH1 went through to put these artists in front of us I was on board,” he says. “When we decide to pick or sign an artist we spend our own money on this — so that's what makes it unique.”
Ross says that, on the series, “what I want to see is something that I have never seen before. It's a combination of your style, swag and the flow — that's half of it — and now I need to see your hunger. If you fall down, are you going to get back up and be hungry? Will you refuse to lose? That's what I'm looking for.”
Ross says that one artist in particular has already captured his interest. “I saw the struggle and the hustle at the same time in this person,” he says. “And when I had the conversation with the artist I asked, ‘You give me your word that you won't stop for anything? Is this the plan on how you are going to feed your family? You're not going to resort to anything else … That there's no plan B?'”
But even though Ross found rap stardom after a career as a Florida correctional officer, he says there's nothing wrong with having a backup plan. “It's always wonderful if you can have 10 options. It's a blessing,” he says. “But, realistically, a lot of times people don't have [10 options]. “I tell people, ‘Follow your heart.' I'm not the one to tell you what you should be and what you should do … Just put in your work.”
And when it comes to putting in that work Ross can still recall the first time he felt like a boss. “My boss moment came around the time I made my second or third album,” he says. “It may have been a certain dollar figure … I finally made it. But it wasn't just about the dollar figure, it was about the investments that I was making and the track that I was on. But there's still a lot of work for me to do. I'm still a student of the game.”
The 41-year-old single father of two now lives in the former Georgia home of heavyweight Evander Holyfield, which he purchased for $5.8 million. And with 109 rooms to occupy, Ross is looking to fill them.
“I wouldn't say I'm looking for love, but I am looking for loyalty,” he says. “Loyalty is priceless. The marriages that survive are the ones where the men go to strip clubs. You got to have some fun.”
“Signed” Series premiere 9 p.m. Wednesday on VH1
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Though Rita Ora backed out of a festival appearance with Jason Derulo in Israel next month, concert organizers have wasted no time finding a replacement: local pop star Eden Ben-Zaken.
UK pop singer Ora was supposed to appear alongside Derulo at the WOW Festival in Rishon Lezion on August 1. But she pulled out last week, citing health issues. On Tuesday, the festival announced that Ben-Zaken, one of Israel's most popular current recording artists, will be joining the impressive lineup. Ben-Zaken, who just performed on stage last week in Rishon with Latin pop superstar Maluma, is best known for her hits "Malkat Hashoshanim" and "Tazizu."
As Israel's summer concert series gets seriously underway, a whole host of warmup acts, venue changes and extra nights have been announced in recent weeks.When Alanis Morissette comes to town at the end of July, she'll arrive on stage after none other than Ninet Tayeb. Tayeb, a popular Israeli singer who won Kochav Nolad in 2003, moved to Los Angeles in 2016. She has previously opened shows for Cyndi Lauper and Robbie Williams when they played in Israel - and she'll be back in a few weeks to do the same for Morissette.And when Clean Bandit, the British electropop band, arrive in Rishon Lezion later this month for a huge show, they'll get not one but three teenage Israeli pop stars as an opening act. Agam Buhbut, the 14-year-old singer of "Kemo BeRio"; Adi Bity, 17, who has found success with "Aher" and "Lo Makshiv Li"; and Anna Zak, also 17, whose songs "Bang Bang" and "Money Honey" have proven popular online, will all be part of the lineup in Rishon on July 26.Rock band Alice in Chains will be playing in Caesarea in just two weeks, and their own local warmup act has just been announced: indie rocker Hila Ruach. Ruach began her musical journey with the band Klavei Ruach, but has since struck out on her own.Marc Almond, half of the 80s pop duo Soft Cell, was supposed to be performing in Caesarea on August 14. But this week concert organizers announced that the show would be moving to an indoor, air-conditioned, more central but slightly smaller venue. Almond - along with his opening act, a reunion of the Israeli 80s rock group Tattoo - will be moving to Heichal Hatarbut but keeping the same date.Another classic band - 70s rockers America - have just added a second show to their tour in Israel.America, best known for the 1971 hit "A Horse With No Name," was already scheduled for an October show in Caesarea. Now, the band is adding a second night in the same location, and will be playing back to back on October 9 and 10. The group was supposed to have its Israel premiere in 2014, and ended up canceling when the Gaza war broke out. The group vowed to one day play in Israel - and now they'll be keeping that promise with two concerts.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LEAVENWORTH COUNTY, Kan. -- When 17-year-old Randy Leach vanished during a high school party in 1988, just weeks from graduation, Leavenworth County Sheriff's deputies and detectives began an investigation. Now, nearly 30 years later, Leach is still missing, and the department faces a lawsuit demanding it release case records.
Harold and Alberta Leach filed the suit in Leavenworth County District Court against the county and its sheriff's department. Attorney Max Kautch of Lawrence filed it under the Kansas Open Records Act.
"While a public agency has discretion to release records defined to be 'criminal investigation records' under KORA, the court still may order the disclosure of the requested records if the records are in the public interest," Kautch said in a statement.
He goes on to say the records are in the public interest "because of the media's extensive reporting of the matter reveals a plethora of controversies related to the investigation" conducted by the Leavenworth County Sheriff's Office.
Some of that reporting mentioned in the petition filed today is reporting done by Fox 4 News as part of the "Where's Randy?" investigation into how the case was handled. The teen's parents told Fox 4 News they believe the investigation was mishandled from the beginning, with detectives not taking it seriously, believing their son might just be a runaway. They also argue many leads weren't properly followed up on, including rumors of satanic cult sacrifices in some nearby caves.
They have said they just want to know what really happened to their son before they die, admitting he likely was killed.
The Leavenworth County Sheriff's Office has refused to release all of its records, citing an exception to the state open records law that allows for "ongoing investigations" to remain sealed. They say they are still looking into the disappearance, and welcome any tips.
Kautch says the Leachs' want a hearing set on the matter as soon as possible.
Legislative efforts to pass a bill that would free up records after a certain passage of time fell short during the last session. Law enforcement opposed any changes to the current law that would allow for automatic opening of records.
The lawsuit also seeks costs and attorneys fees.
When reached today, the interim Leavenworth County Counselor says he won't comment on pending litigation.
The Bears salvaged the final game of the series after Cumberland (18-8, 2-1 Mid-South) won a doubleheader Saturday to open league play. Alvarado and Jorge Perez each drove in two runs and Pikeville pounded out 14 hits in the contest, plating nine runs but stranding 13 baserunners.
Carlos Moseley and Mykel Gordon each recorded three hits and Gordon added two RBIs for the Phoenix, who collected 13 hits as a team but left 11 runners on base, going just 5-for-14 with runners in scoring position in the contest.
Hedgecock (2-0) scattered 10 hits, giving up three runs with two walks and two strikeouts. He retired eight straight after two first-inning singles, stranded the bases loaded in the fifth as well as two runners in the first and seventh innings.
Cumberland starter Travis Dohr (2-2) suffered the loss, allowing five runs, three earned, on seven hits in 6.0 innings. The righthander walked four, hit a batter and struck out six.
Pikeville (15-11, 1-2) struck first with a pair of runs in the third, with the rally starting after a two-out single by Alvarado. Alec Barba reached on a throwing error by CU third baseman Gordon, putting runners on the second and third, and Alvarado came across on a wild pitch.
Nelson Muniz walked and Matt Peterson singled to center, plating Barba for a 2-0 Bears edge.
The Phoenix cut the deficit in half in the fourth with a leadoff double by Rayden Sierra, who scored on a single from Gordon.
Alvarado started the UPike fifth with a double and Barba beat out a bunt single, putting runners on the corners. Muniz's sacrifice fly to center pushed Alvarado across for a 3-1 Bears advantage.
Perez and Luke Lubiniecki both walked to begin the Pikeville sixth and the runners moved to second and third on a wild pitch. Dohr got a pair of groundouts against a drawn-in infield but Alvarado delivered a two-out, two-run single up the middle, extending the UPike lead to 5-1.
Gordon doubled to leadoff the bottom of the inning and Jared Schmidt singled with one out, putting runners on the corners. Kyle Blackwell's single through the right side scored Gordon, but Hedgecock got out of the inning without further damage thanks to a pair of groundouts.
Pikeville broke the game open with four runs in the seventh against the CU bullpen, starting with a one-out single by Peterson and an RBI double from Vincent. Perez then delivered a two-run homer for an 8-2 UPike advantage.
Lubiniecki was hit and Travis Haen singled before an RBI single by Luke Hartlage made it 9-2 for the Bears.
Moseley doubled with one out in the bottom of the frame and Gordon's two-out single plated a run. Cumberland got another run with a solo homer to leftcenter in the eighth.
The Phoenix loaded the bases in the ninth with another Moseley two-bagger. Gordon was hit with two outs and Nick Mira followed with a single, but Pikeville's Brandon Sewell came in to get a popout by Schmidt to end the contest, earning a save.
Cumberland will not play again until this weekend at Kentucky in a three-game series beginning Friday at 1 p.m. CDT.
CU ends losing streak with doubleheader sweep
Jared Schmidt, Rayden Sierra and Mykel Gordon all homered in the first game and Gordon added a two-run homer in the second contest, helping Cumberland end a two-game losing streak with a doubleheader sweep against the University of Pikeville, 11-5 and 6-2, on Saturday at Ernest L. Stockton Field-Woody Hunt Stadium.
Sierra and Gordon each hit two-run shots and Schmidt added a solo shot in the first game, as the Phoenix (18-7, 2-0 Mid-South) scored in 6-of-8 innings. Gordon's two-run homer capped a four-run third inning in the second contest, putting CU ahead for good.
Cumberland starter Thomas Galart (5-1) battled through seven innings in the opener, allowing five runs, four earned, on 11 hits. He walked two and struck out one. The right-hander worked out of a base loaded and no out jam in the sixth with CU leading 8-5, getting a strikeout and a double play to end the threat for the Bears.
Curtis Hoppe got the final six outs, tossing two hitless innings with one walk and two strikeouts.
Pikeville starter Max Hall (2-1) gave up seven runs on six hits in 3.1 innings. He walked seven and struck out six. UPike (14-11, 0-2) reliever Chase Robinson tossed four innings, allowing three runs on five hits with five strikeouts.
Sierra was 3-for-5 with a double, home run and four RBIs, Hector Morales added three hits and Carlos Moseley collected two hits, walked three times and scored four times. The two teams combined for 27 hits and stranded 24 runners in the contest.
In the second contest Polo Portela (4-1) gave up a solo homer in the first but settled down after that, giving up six hits with three walks and seven strikeouts while allowing just the one run. He worked around a walk and an error later in the first inning and two singles by the Bears in the fifth.
Cumberland managed just five hits but walked six times in the contest.
Cumberland got on the board first in the opener after a leadoff single from Morales, though he was picked off. Moseley walked and moved to second on a failed pickoff attempt before Sierra doubled over the center-fielder's head for a 1-0 CU lead after an inning.
The Bears answered with three runs in the second, starting with a leadoff double by Jay Vincent. Jorge Perez struck out but reached on a wild pitch, putting runners on the corners, and Luke Lubiniecki followed with an RBI double down the left-field line. Luke Hartlage grounded out to second, plating Perez, and Travis Haen singled to right with one out, scoring Lubiniecki for a 3-1 Bears advantage.
Schmidt's solo homer to center in the bottom of the inning cut the UPike lead to 3-2, but the Bears plated single runs in the third and fourth innings.
Nelson Muniz reached on an infield single to start the frame and with two outs, he stole second and went to third on an errant throw. Perez doubled down the right-field line for a 4-2 Pikeville edge.
The Phoenix knotted the game with two runs in the bottom of the inning after a leadoff walk by Moseley, who moved to second on a balk. Gordon homered to left with one out, evening the score at four.
The Bears continued to answer, though, as Hartlage singled to start the fourth and pinch-runner Brandon Sewell went to second on a sacrifice bunt by Haen. Alvarado's groundout pushed the runner to third and Alek Barba's two-out single gave UPike a 5-4 advantage.
Cumberland regained the lead for good with four runs in the bottom of the inning, with Moseley singling with one out before Sierra belted his eighth home run of the year, this one to left-center, putting the Phoenix ahead, 6-5.
But the home team was not done, as Gordon walked and Nick Mira singled before an RBI single up the middle by Andy Garretson. Peyton Wheatley's run-scoring single to center pushed the lead to 8-5.
Pikeville threatened in the sixth, loading the bases with no outs on singles by Haen and Alvarado sandwiched around a walk to Barba, but after a mound visit from CU pitching coach Kevin Hite, Galart got a strikeout of Muniz and induced a 5-4-3 inning-ending double play to keep the lead at three.
Cumberland added two insurance runs in the seventh, beginning with back-to-back doubles from Morales and Moseley. Moseley went to third on a wild pitch and Mira's two-out RBI single to right-center pushed the CU lead to 10-5.
In the eighth Wheatley was hit to leadoff and Caleb Kellogg singled before another free pass to Moseley, loading the bases. Sierra's infield single plated the final run of the contest for the Phoenix.
Barba homered to right field with one out in the first inning of the second contest for the Bears, but Cumberland scored four times in the third to take the lead.
Janson Neff drew a leadoff walk and Wheatley's sac bunt pushed pinch-runner Joseph Midgett to second. Midgett went to third on a passed ball and came across on a single to left by Morales.
Morales stole second and scored on Sierra's single up the middle. Gordon then homered to left for the second time in the doubleheader for a 4-1 CU advantage.
In the fourth Jordan Hunt doubled to leftcenter with one out and scored on a pair of wild pitches. Sierra reached on a throwing error to start the fifth, took second on the play and came across on two wild pitches as well, extending the lead to 6-1.
Pikeville got the tying run on base in the seventh inning, scoring three times and stranding a pair of runners to end the contest.
Barba was hit and Muniz walked before a groundout by the Bears. Vincent also drew a free pass, loading the bases, and Daniel Sterenberg walked with two outs, forcing in a run. Pinch-hitter Lucas Bault dumped a two-run single into short center, cutting the CU lead to 6-4, but Blake Young struck out Haen to end the contest.
Two Dallas police officers and a civilian have been shot near The Home Depot in northeast Dallas, police confirm. (Published 4 hours ago)
Two Dallas police officers and a Home Depot loss prevention officer were shot in northeast Dallas Tuesday afternoon. A massive search is underway for a 'person of interest.'
The shooting happened at about 4:30 p.m. outside The Home Depot in the 11600 block of Forest Central Drive.
Earlier in the day, multiple sources told NBC DFW that one of the officers had died, but during a news conference Tuesday evening, Dallas Police Chief Renee Hall said she would not release the conditions of those shot -- therefore NBC DFW will await official confirmation on the officers' conditions.
All of those injured in the shooting were transported to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas.
The shooter is still at large, police believe he is still armed.
Officers are currently searching for 29-year-old Armando Luis Juarez, who they are calling a "person of interest." The photo is a mugshot from January when Juarez was arrested for unlawful use of a vehicle.
NBC 5's Jack Highberger spoke with Juarez's grandmother, Janie Longoria, Tuesday night. She said her family "backs the blue."
Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings sent out a statement on Twitter after the shooting.
Gov. Greg Abbott also tweeted about the incident.
Check back and refresh this page for the latest update. As this story is developing, elements may change.
When Netflix added support for content downloading late last year, it was hailed as a long-overdue move for the popular VOD service. Having now used the option while traveling on several occasions, I can confirm that while it can be buggy — I've had to restart downloads multiple times and playback sometimes fails to rotate the content properly — it's also handy to be able to grab a few episodes of a favorite show before you hop on a plane, especially if the jet doesn't have a modern in-flight entertainment system.
Up to today, the only limit I was aware of was the temporary nature of the downloads themselves. When you download a file, you have a specific amount of time in which to watch it (48 hours in the files I've downloaded, but apparently some content can be kept for up to seven days). As far as I've experienced, that's been the only restriction.
According to Android Police, however, there's another catch when you download content. Some of it — and it's not clear which — can only be downloaded a specific number of times per year.
According to Netflix' website, attempting to download content after you've hit the maximum number of yearly downloads will incur a 10016-22006 error. The company defines that error as follows:
If you experience the error code 10016-22006… It indicates that you have reached the maximum number of downloads for a specific TV show or movie. Some TV shows and movies can only be downloaded a limited number of times per year per account. After seeing this message, you will only be able to download your TV show or movie again on or after the date referenced in the error message. If you would like to watch the TV show or movie sooner, you'll need to connect to the Internet and stream.
One reasonable interpretation of these rules is that they're imposed by the content rights holders, who don't want to give up on selling you Blu-ray or DVD disks, as opposed to an endless download option that they don't get any revenue from. But some of Netflix's work is apparently gate-kept in this manner as well, and the company doesn't give you any warning that you're on your last downloads before you hit the error.
That's a stupid way to handle it, to be perfectly honest. Having any download option at all is superior to not having one, and we lived with not having one for years. But if Netflix is going to put limits on content downloads or enforce limits set by others, it really ought to at least tell its users what the limit is, or at least warn them that they're approaching it.
China has announced it will open its space station project to all United Nation member states who are willing to participate regardless of whether they have an existing space programme. Officials have said the China Space Station or CSS should be operational by 2022.
"Firstly, the cooperation will be open to all countries, regardless of their capabilities in outer space exploration. Secondly, it will be very inclusive, embracing governments, international organizations, private entities and research institutes and it will be carried out through the use of various means," said Shi Zhongjun, China's Ambassador to the UN at an event in Vienna.
The move by China has been seen by some as jab at the US who excluded China from the International Space Station project. It also comes at a time where the United States and other participating countries are deciding when to end the ISS's mission.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Harvey Weinstein, pictured in 2013, was one of Hollywood's most powerful men
UK police investigating Hollywood film producer Harvey Weinstein are looking at allegations of sexual assault against two more women, it has emerged.
The alleged offences took place in the Republic of Ireland in 1991, Westminster in 2011 and abroad in 2010, the Metropolitan Police said.
The allegations, reported to police in October and November, bring the number of women making accusations up to nine.
Mr Weinstein has denied all allegations of non-consensual sex.
On 31 October a woman told UK police that she had been assaulted by Mr Weinstein in the Republic of Ireland.
This allegation has been passed on to Garda Síochána - the Irish police force.
On 13 November a ninth alleged victim told police she had been attacked in Westminster in 2011 and a location outside the UK in 2010.
Scotland Yard says the allegation will be passed to the relevant force.
DEARBORN HEIGHTS, MI (CBS Local) – A Michigan family is demanding answers after their five-year-old son claims two teachers repeatedly taped his mouth shut and threw out his lunch at school.
“She put the scotch tape on my mouth,” Abdul Dannaoui said, via WNEM. “They said don't tell your mom or dad, or no one.” The Highview Elementary School student reportedly told his parents on March 26 that he had been prevented from eating his lunch as many as 10 times by the two educators. The child has not returned to the school since the latest incident.
“I'm emotionally heartbroken. Disappointed. That's his second home. That's how they treat a child with asthma?” Abdul's mother Hoda Dannaoui told reporters. The boy's parents have filed a police report over the alleged abuse and are reportedly planning to sue the school district for failing to stop the teachers.
“It's outrageous. It's absurd. You think you send your kid to a place or school, where he would be safe,” attorney Nabih Ayad added. According to the family's lawyer, only one of the two teachers has been removed from Highview Elementary.
The substitute teaching assistant was reported on the same day of the last incident and removed from the school. “That's not the type of person we want working for us,” Crestwood School District superintendent Laurine VanValkenburg said, via The Detroit News. “This is not our standard of care. This should not have happened.”
Crestwood School District disputed that the five-year-old had been abused by the teachers prior to March 26. VanValkenburg said that the school has “no knowledge of” other times Dannaoui's mouth was taped shut, however Dearborn Heights Police are now investigating the boy's claims.
Dannaoui's mother said her son won't return to the school until the other teacher accused of assaulting Abdul is fired.
National Zoo giving its giant panda an epic sendoff Washington's National Zoo will lavish its giant panda Bao Bao with exotic treats and mementos of her time in the nation's capital before she departs for China next week, as...
Bao Bao the panda got zapped and is now hiding in a tree WASHINGTON — The National Zoo in Washington is reassuring fans of the panda cub Bao Bao that she's doing fine after spending the night in a tree. Members of the...
Jakeem Grant kept a promise to his three young children Monday night.
He has a four-year-old son and twin daughters who are three.
“I talked to before every game. I always tell them, 'Daddy's going to make a touchdown for you,'” Grant said. “That's my whole motivation every game.”
Grant continued: “I promised my little ones right before the game that I would make a touchdown for them. And I had to.”
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Grant is a man of his word.
He caught a 25-yard bullet from Jay Cutler early in the second half of the Dolphins' 27-20 win over the Patriots.
.@_TheDreamIsHere's first TD reception of his NFL career comes in the third quarter of #NEvsMIA!!
What. A. Grab. pic.twitter.com/4aKHKpLQ6G — Miami Dolphins (@MiamiDolphins) December 12, 2017
It was the first receiving touchdown of Grant's two-year career, and a validation of what he has long argued: That he is more than a gadget player and kick returner.
The undersized Grant made an tough, leaping catch, and beat Patriots corner Malcolm Butler to the ball.
“It was a go route,” he said. “If he was pressed or, at least, within five yards of me, then I had a go. I thought it was going to be an over-the-shoulder ball. Jay threw it up, trusted me, and I had to come down with the ball.”
So yes, the kids are happy. And yes, the Dolphins won in no small part because of that catch.
More Videos 0:30 Dolphins running back Kenyan Drake on his big game Pause 1:13 Fins' receivers Stills and Landry: 'Turnovers and penalties killed us' 1:40 Dolphins Coach Adam Gase after fourth consecutive defeat 1:01 'Anything that could go wrong went wrong,' says Cameron Wake 1:07 Dolphins Kenny Stills: "I can play better" 0:18 Video shows the NYC Port Authority explosion 1:44 Spoelstra after Heat's win in Memphis 1:19 Dragic after Heat's win in Memphis 1:02 Couple lives in tent next to their destroyed trailer 0:35 Ana Maria Cardona testifies in 'Baby Lollipops' case Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Kenyan Drake talks about the Dolphins win over the Patriots Kenyan Drake, Miami Dolphins RB, talks to the media about the teams resilience after they defeated the New England Patriots at hard Rock Stadium. Kenyan Drake talks about the Dolphins win over the Patriots Kenyan Drake, Miami Dolphins RB, talks to the media about the teams resilience after they defeated the New England Patriots at hard Rock Stadium. Charles Trainor, Jr. ctrainor@miamiherald.com
But there was broader significance to the play.
“I wanted to make a play for the team,” said Grant, who finished with two catches for 42 yards. “I just wanted to show the coach that you can trust me in those type of moments.”
If he had finished with two touchdowns instead of one, that trust would have been complete. Instead, Grant let what would have been a game-clinching bomb from Cutler slip through his fingers. Drops plagued his rookie year, but he had been better at catching the ball in Year 2.
More Videos 0:30 Dolphins running back Kenyan Drake on his big game Pause 1:13 Fins' receivers Stills and Landry: 'Turnovers and penalties killed us' 1:40 Dolphins Coach Adam Gase after fourth consecutive defeat 1:01 'Anything that could go wrong went wrong,' says Cameron Wake 1:07 Dolphins Kenny Stills: "I can play better" 0:18 Video shows the NYC Port Authority explosion 1:44 Spoelstra after Heat's win in Memphis 1:19 Dragic after Heat's win in Memphis 1:02 Couple lives in tent next to their destroyed trailer 0:35 Ana Maria Cardona testifies in 'Baby Lollipops' case Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
'I think is one of our most complete games thusfar,' Landry says Jarvis Landry, Miami Dolphins WR, talks to the media about the excitement of defeating the New England Patriots at Hard Rock Stadium. 'I think is one of our most complete games thusfar,' Landry says Jarvis Landry, Miami Dolphins WR, talks to the media about the excitement of defeating the New England Patriots at Hard Rock Stadium. Charles Trainor, Jr. ctrainor@miamiherald.com
“The one that got away,” Grant said. “I have to just look it in. Over-the-shoulder ball, I should have just, instead of sticking my hands out too early, I should have just ran through it, used my speed, and caught it with my arms. I let that one get away from me. It hurts. It hurts because that could have been another touchdown, and that could have been a big play for the team. It could have taken the air out of the stadium. I definitely wish I could have that one back, but it's going to be things like that that happen in your career. You've got to just overcome it.”
Pharmaceutical Autoclaves Market Top Manufacturers by 2023: Shinva, Getinge, Fedegari Srl., Belimed and Steris – Technical Progress
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Intro
Croatia vs Finland
1st Half
If video player not appears in mobile devices. Scroll down to bottom and click "Classic version"
A prominent Manhattan surgeon – best known for treating Bono – had been stripped of his privileges to practice at New York-Presbyterian Hospital just days before his apparent suicide, a law enforcement source told The Post.
Dr. Dean Lorich was told Friday he would be persona non grata at the landmark Upper East Hospital – and he was found dead inside his Manhattan apartment on Sunday with a self-inflicted stab wound, according to a source.
“It was a big deal” to lose his spot at New York-Presbyterian, a law enforcement source said.
As of late Monday night, Lorich was still listed on staff on the hospital's website.
It's believed Lorich backed the wrong horse in a political battle within the hospital, leading to his ouster, the source said.
A hospital spokeswoman declined comment Monday night on the doctor's status at New York-Presbyterian.
She would only refer to a hospital statement made Sunday night, confirming Lorich's death: “We mourn this tragic development and extend our deepest sympathies to Dr. Lorich's family, friends and patients.”
Lorich is best known for performing surgery on Bono after the U2 frontman lost control of his bike in Central Park, suffering multiple fractures in 2014.
Additional reporting by David K. Li
Olivia Wilde set to make directorial debut Kaitlyn Dever and Beanie Feldstein will star in the film about two high achieving high school students who realize they should've had more fun.
The 10 Hollywood up-and-comers set to dominate 2018 Meet Hollywood's new class of superstars. Seemingly overnight, the movies have been deluged by talented newcomers. But they're no one-hit wonders. These folks can really hold their own against Tinseltown's...
This weekend the Road to Oz brings to life one of America's best-known fairy tales “The Wizard of Oz” during this year's OZtoberfest!
Downtown Wamego will host a variety of activities that include the OZ costume contest, classic car show, Munchkinland, Auntie Em's Boutique, Tin Man's Garage and much more.
October 7 and 8: Unprecedented “special guest” highlight this year!
Details Here!
October 5 – 7: Get inside the Columbian Theatre for the OZtoberFest Murder Mystery.
Tickets!
Parking will be available on side streets and around City Park. Centrally located downtown on Lincoln Avenue, easy to park and walk.
A driver allegedly drove his car at speeds of up to 153mph on the A9 on Monday night.
Police Scotland said the 25-year-old was on 70mph-limit stretch of dual carriageway south of Aviemore when he was detected allegedly speeding
A 53-year-old man has also been charged after allegedly riding his motorbike at 67mph in a 30mph zone in Brora and 95mph on the A9.
He has been charged with speeding and other road traffic offences.
Lili Huang, 37, maintained a lowcast gaze as Washington County District Judge John McBride read her sentence on Friday, Aug. 11.
Huang faced felony charges for labor trafficking, unlawful conduct with identification documents, false imprisonment, second-degree assault with a weapon and third-degree assault after a woman described abuse she suffered during her employment at Huang's home.
All charges but the third-degree assault were dismissed as part of a federal plea agreement in which Huang confirmed the woman's claims of abuse.
As part of her Washington County conviction, Huang must also pay $1,190 to a victim's restitution fund.
The woman, a 58-year-old Chinese national, told police Huang would beat and starve her and that Huang had at one point ripped out handfuls of the woman's hair.
The abuse culminated last July when Huang threatened the woman with a knife for spilling food on the kitchen counter. The woman, whom Huang hired as a maid and had treated well in China, escaped the home and was found wandering the neighborhood by police.
Washington County prosecutor Imran Ali said the sentence does not necessarily reflect the severity of Huang's crimes.
He told the court during the sentencing that when he met with the victim, she appeared to be very skinny and covered head-to-toe with bruises and visibly broken bones— injuries that were later confirmed during a medical exam.
"We have a victim in this case who was severely beaten, injured and not from this country," he said at the sentencing. "She had no one here, couldn't speak English and had no way out."
At the sentencing, Huang offered an apology through an interpreter: "I feel deep remorse for what I've done and I apologize."
Huang's attorney, Kevin Riach, said she expressed remorse during their communications and that she looks forward to completing her sentence and rejoining her children in China.
Huang agreed to serve one-year sentences from federal and district courts concurrently. She is scheduled to sentencing in the federal case Aug. 24.
Parents and grandparents go back to school for big Ipswich printmaking project
Parents, grandparents and pupils at Whitton and Whithouse primary schools in Ipswich have been learning printing techniques Archant
A two-tonne ‘steam roller' will be used to create giant wall hangings for two Ipswich schools as part of a community arts project.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The lino prints they are creating witll be fitted together like a jigsaw and turned into giant wallhangings The lino prints they are creating witll be fitted together like a jigsaw and turned into giant wallhangings
The Bigger Picture Printmaking Project invited parents and grandparents of pupils at Whitton and Whitehouse primary schools into the classroom over a six weeks period to learn printmaking skills.
Adults and youngsters have each created a lino print depicting an aspect of their school or community which will be put together like a jigsaw to create massive wall hangings for the two schools.
Next month the schools plan to use to two tonne road rollers in one of the school playgrounds to turn the jigsaw into a giant print.
The project has been developed by pop-up arts group Oyster Community Press CIC and funded by the North West Ipswich Big Local Trust (NWI BLT) and Councillor James Crossley.
Lolly Hill, from the trust, said: “I am delighted we were able to give pupils of Whitton School and Whitehouse School the opportunity to work with Oyster Community Press in trying different types of print making.
“The pupils liked spending time in researching ideas for the wall hangings and produced some great work.
“NWI BLT and the schools are now looking forward to the Bigger Picture wall hangings being printed with the ‘steam roller'.
China will gather its friends and allies together for its biggest diplomatic event of the year in May, a summit on its New Silk Road plan, with most Asian leaders due to attend but only one from a G7 nation, the Italian prime minister.
Continue Reading Below
President Xi Jinping has championed what China formally calls the “One Belt, One Road” or OBOR, initiative to build a new Silk Road linking Asia, Africa and Europe, a landmark program to invest billions of dollars in infrastructure projects including railways, ports and power grids.
China has dedicated $40 billion to a Silk Road Fund and the idea was the driving force behind the establishment of the $50 billion China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.
Foreign Minister Wang Yi announced on Tuesday a list of those attending the conference, including some of China's most reliable allies – Russian President Vladimir Putin, Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen.
Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi, Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev, Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak and Indonesian President Joko Widodo are coming too, all generally good partners of China.
“One Belt, One Road is to date the most important public good China has given to the world, first proposed by China but for all countries to enjoy,” Wang said.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
“The culture and historical genes of One Belt, One Road come from the old Silk Road, so it takes Eurasia as its main region,” he said, adding that representatives of 110 countries would attend.
While China says the New Silk Road is not political, it has run into opposition from India due to a section of it in Pakistan, known as the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, where some projects run through the disputed Kashmir region.
Wang dismissed those concerns, saying the Pakistan project had no direct connection to the dispute and India was welcome to participate in the New Silk Road.
“Indian friends have said to us that One Belt, One Road is a very good suggestion,” he said.
Nevertheless, India Prime Minister Narendra Modi was not on the list of leaders attending.
Wang also made no mention of any attendance of officials from Japan, South Korea or North Korea, all countries with which China has strained ties. Nor was there mention of Australia, a strong U.S. ally that has close trade links with China.
The list included only one leader from the Group of Seven (G7) industrialised nations, Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni.
Diplomatic sources in Beijing said China had hoped for at least some senior Western leaders to attend, including British Prime Minister Theresa May, to burnish the plan's credentials and make it less China-centric.
British finance minister Philip Hammond will come as May's representative, while Germany and France are having elections at the time and will send high-level representatives, Wang said.
Wang confirmed Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte as among 28 leaders coming, along with the Spanish, Greek, Hungarian, Serb and Polish prime ministers and Swiss and Czech presidents.
“This is a positive, cooperative agreement, and we don't want to politicize it,” Wang told reporters when asked if China was upset at the absence of most major Western leaders.
“This is an economic cooperation forum, an international cooperation platform that everyone is paying attention to, supports and hopes to participate in,” he said.
GLOBAL FRIEND
China is sensitive to any suggestion that what it sees as its benign intentions do not have a receptive global audience, especially in Western capitals.
China was privately upset in 2015 after most Western leaders rebuffed invitations to attend a big military parade marking 70 years since the end of World War Two. Western leaders were unhappy that the guest list that included Putin and wary of the message China would send with the show of strength.
While China has portrayed the New Silk Road as a genuine effort to share the bounty of China's economic development and to fund infrastructure gaps, many Western countries are concerned about a lack of detail and transparency in the project and are suspicious about China's broader political intents.
Diplomatic sources said the presence of Putin and other leaders from countries with dubious human rights records, like the Philippines and Central Asian states, had contributed to a reluctance among Western leaders to attend.
Still, at a time of uncertainty about the U.S. place in the world following President Donald Trump's pledges to put America first, China sees an opportunity to become more of a global leader and has found a receptive audience for its New Silk Road.
Leaders from countries that would appear to have little, if any, connection so far to the plan are coming to the summit, including Chile and Argentina.
“Everyone wants to be China's friend now with Trump in office,” said a senior Asian diplomat in Beijing.
A senior Indonesian government official said China was aiming for a “spectacular” summit.
“The Chinese are gunning for … global leadership so I think this OBOR summit is going to be huge,” the official said.
(Additional reporting by John Chalmers in Jakarta; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Venmo is one of the most popular apps for transferring money between people, especially millenials. But before you hit send, some experts and users say seller beware. Stefan Holt reports.
By Nikayla Goddard, October 6 2017 —
The Sat Rang Foundation — a non-profit organization with the mission of bringing light to issues of domestic violence in South Asian communities in Calgary — was created by Tonie Minhas and Amandeep Kaur Singh, Calgarians who spent time at the University of Calgary and the surrounding area working with community development and social justice. Minhas graduated from the U of C with a political science degree in 2015 and Singh spent her first two years of her natural science undergraduate degree at the U of C before finishing at the University of Alberta.
Founded in August, the non-profit organization aims primarily to provide South Asian and Middle Eastern groups in Calgary with access to culturally relevant resources that may not otherwise be available. Minhas and Singh conducted focus groups over a year ago in order to form the vision for the organization.
According to Minhas, Sat Rang — which means “seven colors” in Punjabi — serves as a “symbol for diversity and ethnicity.”
Minhas explained that she and Singh both have relevant background experience ranging from working with the Calgary Police Service to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta and with family violence in Calgary.
“We were able to individually, as we were working, start to recognize a lot of gaps, because there was really no safety net in place for folks that were struggling with even something as simple as a language barrier,” Minhas said. “The two of us were introduced by a mutual friend and the idea spurred from there.”
An example of the type of service Sat Rang provides is creating how-to guides in different languages, such as Arabic or Punjabi, explaining what to expect when someone calls the police, showing how and where to report domestic violence and providing information on sexual education, drugs, and alcohol.
Singh said that developing community partnerships with other relevant organizations is essential to provide a safe and inclusive space where people can learn to advocate for themselves as well as others.
“Until we start talking about topics like family violence they're just going to stay under the covers,” Minhas added. “Everyone seems to think it's an individual's issue, so until we start talking about it those that need help the most are not going to be able to get it.”
More information about the Sat Rang Foundation can be found on their Facebook page, which provides updates on their services and contact information.
Comments
Hate crimes targeting U.S. Muslims rose 15% in 2017, a second year in a row for a sharp rise.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations recorded what it considers to be 300 U.S. hate crimes targeting Muslims last year, up from 260 in 2016, it said in a report out Monday. There was a 44% jump in hate crimes from 2015 to 2016.
Headline-making incidents last year included the June beating of a Muslim man in the Bronx borough of New York City by teenage attackers who called him a terrorist and a Muslim family's restaurant destroyed by arson in Kansas.
CAIR attributed the increase in part to the policies of President Donald Trump, particularly restrictions on immigration from Muslim-majority countries.
“CAIR's 2018 Civil Rights Report provides concrete evidence that the unconstitutional Muslim Ban resulted in more Islamophobic hate and violence,” said Zainab Arain, author of the report, the group's research and advocacy coordinator.
As an ultimately successful “America first” candidate, Trump promised “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.” He signed an executive order banning most travelers from several Muslim-majority countries shortly after taking office, although a revised version of that order, which also included North Korea, took effect late last year. The Supreme Court this week considers whether the administration can categorically bar entry to the U.S. based on a person's nationality. A ruling is expected by June.
Rhetoric beyond policy has contributed to the advocacy group's concerns. Trump drew criticism in November for retweeting questionable anti-Muslim videos posted by a far-right British political group. And NBC News reported this week that John Bolton, Trump's new national security adviser, chaired a nonprofit that has promoted false anti-Muslim news, some of which has been amplified by a Russian troll factory.
Trump has described the U.S. immigration system as a threat to national security, saying the “wrong people” are being admitted to the country.
Notably, the U.S. is granting fewer visitor visas to people from around the world, not just to Muslims, a Politico report has found.
The 300 hate crimes were a slice of the 2,599 incidents CAIR logged as representing anti-Muslim bias in 2017, a figure that was up 17% from 2016. The larger total included allegations of harassment, employment discrimination and alleged biased treatment by government agencies including the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Customs and Border Protection.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- There's a visual void to fill in one metro neighborhood after a popular Kansas City mural was partially painted over.
People who frequent the popular Crossroads Arts District might have noticed the "Kansas City I'm So in Love" mural has been partially painted over and the neighboring angel wings are completely covered.
But the building's owner felt there was a good reason to make the change.
Boutique owners at Fortuity have relocated to the Country Club Plaza, but in the past, they used a location on Baltimore Avenue in the Crossroads as a warehouse. Their popular "Kansas City I'm So in Love" slogan was a mural outside.
Ellie Ruby came up with the slogan and the mural design to begin with. Over a year's time, Ruby said she looked on as thousands of people came to have their photos snapped with the Kansas City slogan or the angel wings -- until the mural was altered in August.
"I didn't realize how big it would get," she said. "I had hopes it would."
Ruby said the building's owner was driving past the warehouse one afternoon and noticed a crowd of teenagers parked on the lot, even though posted signs instruct drivers not to block the murals. When those teens tried backing out of their parking space, Ruby said the owner was horrified to see the kids in the car nearly run over some people in the process.
"He witnessed a grandma with some grandkids and some girls who had chosen to park there besides the signs that say 'no parking'," Ruby said.
And for safety's sake, the property owner said the mural had to be changed. The angel wings, which were popular with shutterbugs, were painted over.
"I think at this point it needs to come down," Ruby said. "He said, 'I called myself a dirty, dirty rat because I know it brought so much joy to people,' and he felt so badly he took it down."
Ruby said the mural may take on new life. She said she's working on a plan that will bring back the mural to a different location, but she doesn't know exactly where the celebrated mural will make its comeback.
However, she assures FOX 4 News it will be in a safe place, and she hopes those crowds come back to visit.
FOX 4 News was unable to make contact with the company that owns the warehouse. It's now vacant, and on the market for sale.
January blues will be banished in style when the New Year's Revolution show hits Nottingham's Rock City on Sunday, January 8.
This will feature five of the county's finest punk acts and a wide range of styles for a show that sees the doors opening at 4.30pm.
Its organiser is Jason Whittle, who runs the legendary Foremans Punk Rock Bar in Nottingham city centre. He said: “Rock City is an iconic venue, and we're lucky to have it here in Nottingham. So what better than having a show with just local bands?
“All in all, a tenner for five local bands at the country's best venue. What more could you want?”
Topping the bill are the mighty Resistance 77, who have been playing their brand of street punk all over the world since 1979 and count former Forest and England legend Stuart Pearce as one of their fans.
Any lingering January blues will be wiped away by the hilarious Hung Like Hanratty, who have been around on and off since 1992 playing their near-the-knuckle observational punk.
Making their Rock City debut are Verbal Warning (pictured), who played their first gig in December 1980 and shared a bill with Resistance 77 in those early days and have a new CD out in 2017.
Static Kill will entertain with their own brand of acoustic self-penned bass-driven punk rock and have already built a good following in Nottingham.
Competing the bill are Headstone Horrors, a fast-paced, female-fronted horror band who bring their own brand of street punk to the horror genre and are signed to Headcheck Records.
Advance tickets are £10 from Foremans Bar or it's £12 on the door and there will be a post-gig party at Foremans until 1am to complete the day's fun.
See www.rock-city.co.uk for more.
Video
James Bay has told BBC Radio 5 live that it is "wrong and unfair" that tickets to his show are being resold for over four times face value on reselling sites like Viagogo.
National Trading Standards have been asked by the Advertising Standards Authority to open an investigation into Viagogo for allegedly misleading consumers over booking fees and delivery prices.
Viagogo are yet to respond to BBC Radio 5 live's requests for comment.
I have been flooded with requests from investors wanting to invest in bitcoin-related stocks. Such investors typically are not comfortable sending money to a bitcoin exchange that they know nothing about.
The good news is that three established exchanges, Cboe CBOE, +0.87% CME CME, +0.49% and Nasdaq NDAQ, +1.27% are starting futures on bitcoin. However, most investors are not comfortable trading futures. For most investors, my recommendation is to stay away from bitcoin futures due to extremely high risk.
Unfortunately there is no bitcoin ETF as this time. That leaves us with bitcoin-related stocks.
There are several stocks as potential investments on The Arora Report's radar related to cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology that The Arora Report expects to issue “buy” signals in the future as appropriate. There is no doubt that blockchain technology will revolutionize commerce. Blockchain technology is still in its infancy, similar to the time in the 1990s when the internet was developing for a mass market. Investors who invested early in the internet boom made a lot of money.
I do not mean to dim investors' enthusiasm for investing in bitcoin-related stocks right away, but as a public service I must clearly and strongly inform investors that currently there are short-term trading opportunities but not long-term investment opportunities that are ripe to buy today. Some of those will ripen for long-term investments in due course.
Let us discuss a few stocks for investors to get a taste of how to make money trading these stocks.
Square
Please click here for an annotated chart of Square SQ, -1.65% The Arora Report gave a “buy” signal, as shown on the chart, when Square made a bitcoin-related announcement. We gave subscribers to The Arora Report a target zone and a stop zone, but informed them that this was a sentiment-based trade. On a fundamental basis the stock is very expensive. According to the quantitative screen of the ZYX Change Method, the fair value of the stock is in the mid-$30s.
The chart shows how The Arora Report took profits at the top on bitcoin euphoria. Subsequently bitcoin euphoria faded and, as the chart shows, the stock fell back to earth.
The foregoing illustrates that investors need to be nimble to trade these stocks. Square may run up again if there is another bitcoin-related announcement.
Ask Arora: Nigam Arora answers your questions about investing in stocks, ETFs, bonds, gold and silver, oil and currencies. Have a question? Send it to Nigam Arora.
AMD and Nvidia
AMD AMD, -1.00% and Nvidia NVDA, -0.26% chips are used for mining bitcoins. However, this is so well-known that trading opportunities arise only when there is new information. For example, there were rumors that changes to mining algorithms would make existing bitcoin-mining computers obsolete. This was new information that was not in the market. For that reason, The Arora Report gave a “buy” signal on AMD for a short-term trade and successfully took nice profits on the run up.
In general, investors need to focus on lesser-known stocks.
Digital Power
Digital Power DPW, -3.23% is a traditional manufacturer of power-supply products for demanding applications. The company is getting into equipment and services targeting cryptocurrencies.
The stock ran up on a rumor that Amazon AMZN, +0.19% had ordered hardware from the company related to cryptocurrencies. The rumor turned out to be false, and the stock pulled back. That, again, illustrates the need to be nimble.
Overstock.com
Overstock.com OSTK, -1.26% is an online retailer that accepts bitcoin. It is getting into cryptocurrencies in a big way with its subsidiary tZERO.
Riot Blockchain
Riot Blockchain RIOT, +8.63% is an example of a company that has completely transformed itself to focus on blockchain technologies and investments. Its previous name was Bioptix, and it provided diagnostic equipment to biotech industries. It has made an investment in Verady, a company that provides accounting and verification for blockchain-based assets.
Marathon Patent Group
Marathon Patent Group MARA, -3.71% has acquired Global Bit Ventures, a mining company. This stock is a favorite of day traders.
Bitcoin Investment Trust
Grayscale's Bitcoin Investment Trust GBTC, -9.35% holds bitcoins. It trades like an ETF but has no mechanism to bring its market price in line with the underlying assets. As a result, it has often traded at a big premium to underlying assets. Investors should never consider paying a premium.
Exchanges
If the bitcoin frenzy continues, the exchanges mentioned above may also catch a bid.
Disclosure: Subscribers to The Arora Report may have positions in the securities mentioned in this article or may take positions at any time. All recommended positions are reviewed daily at The Arora Report.
Nigam Arora is an investor, engineer and nuclear physicist by background, has founded two Inc. 500 fastest-growing companies, is the developer of the adaptive ZYX Global Multi Asset Allocation Model and the ZYX Change Method to profit from change in trading and investing. He is the founder of The Arora Report, which publishes four newsletters. Nigam can be reached at Nigam@TheAroraReport.com.
Both lanes of Horn Springs Road between Highway 70 and Old Horn Springs Road will be closed from 9 a.m. until about noon to allow for the work. Detour signs will be posted for motorists.
Anyone with questions may contact Lebanon engineering director of capital projects Randy Laine at 615-444-3647, ext. 2301.
The Greenfield Exempted Village School District Wellness Committee, along with Adena Greenfield Medical Center, hosted a Family Fun Fitness Night in September. Elementary students and their families were treated to a variety of physical activities on the Greenfield campus including the gymnasiums, track, football field, swimming pool, courtyard and cafetorium. Information was provided by several community organizations to the students and their families on the importance of a healthy lifestyle. Students enjoyed a nutritious snack, obstacle course, soccer goal kicks, jumbo beach ball, dance, volleyball, basketball, swimming, parachute, jump ropes, hoops, Big Wheel races, and walking and running the track. At the conclusion of the evening Adena Greenfield Medical Center provided the participants who completed at least six activities with a prize bag. The school district said it wants to thank all the school staff, Adena staff, organizations and businesses in Highland County that volunteered their time and resources to make the event a success.
The Greenfield Exempted Village School District Wellness Committee, along with Adena Greenfield Medical Center, hosted a Family Fun Fitness Night in September. Elementary students and their families were treated to a variety of physical activities on the Greenfield campus including the gymnasiums, track, football field, swimming pool, courtyard and cafetorium. Information was provided by several community organizations to the students and their families on the importance of a healthy lifestyle. Students enjoyed a nutritious snack, obstacle course, soccer goal kicks, jumbo beach ball, dance, volleyball, basketball, swimming, parachute, jump ropes, hoops, Big Wheel races, and walking and running the track. At the conclusion of the evening Adena Greenfield Medical Center provided the participants who completed at least six activities with a prize bag. The school district said it wants to thank all the school staff, Adena staff, organizations and businesses in Highland County that volunteered their time and resources to make the event a success. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2017/10/web1_Fitness-pic.jpg The Greenfield Exempted Village School District Wellness Committee, along with Adena Greenfield Medical Center, hosted a Family Fun Fitness Night in September. Elementary students and their families were treated to a variety of physical activities on the Greenfield campus including the gymnasiums, track, football field, swimming pool, courtyard and cafetorium. Information was provided by several community organizations to the students and their families on the importance of a healthy lifestyle. Students enjoyed a nutritious snack, obstacle course, soccer goal kicks, jumbo beach ball, dance, volleyball, basketball, swimming, parachute, jump ropes, hoops, Big Wheel races, and walking and running the track. At the conclusion of the evening Adena Greenfield Medical Center provided the participants who completed at least six activities with a prize bag. The school district said it wants to thank all the school staff, Adena staff, organizations and businesses in Highland County that volunteered their time and resources to make the event a success.
Here are President Donald Trump's full remarks Monday, when he condemned hate groups such as the KKK “repugnant.” The speech came two days after the president was hit with widespread criticism for not more clearly denouncing the deadly violence, but rather speaking out against “many sides” involved.
Thank you. I'm in Washington today to meet with my economic team about trade policy and major tax cuts and reform. We are renegotiating trade deals and making them good for the American worker. And it's about time.
Our economy is now strong. The stock market continues to hit record highs, unemployment is at a 16-year low, and businesses are more optimistic than ever before. Companies are moving back to the United States and bringing many thousands of jobs with them. We have already created over one million jobs since I took office.
We will be discussing economic issues in greater detail later this afternoon, but, based on the events that took place over the weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, I would like to provide the nation with an update on the ongoing federal response to the horrific attack and violence that was witnessed by everyone.
I just met with FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the deadly car attack that killed one innocent American and wounded 20 others. To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered.
As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. It has no place in America.
And as I have said many times before: No matter the color of our skin, we all live under the same laws, we all salute the same great flag, and we are all made by the same almighty God. We must love each other, show affection for each other, and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry, and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans.
Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.
We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal. We are equal in the eyes of our Creator. We are equal under the law. And we are equal under our Constitution. Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America.
Two days ago, a young American woman, Heather Heyer, was tragically killed. Her death fills us with grief, and we send her family our thoughts, our prayers, and our love.
We also mourn the two Virginia state troopers who died in service to their community, their commonwealth, and their country. Troopers Jay Cullen and Burke Bates exemplify the very best of America, and our hearts go out to their families, their friends, and every member of American law enforcement.
These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation. In times such as these, America has always shown its true character: responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice.
As a candidate, I promised to restore law and order to our country, and our federal law enforcement agencies are following through on that pledge. We will spare no resource in fighting so that every American child can grow up free from violence and fear. We will defend and protect the sacred rights of all Americans, and we will work together so that every citizen in this blessed land is free to follow their dreams in their hearts, and to express the love and joy in their souls.
Thank you. God bless you. And God blesses America. Thank you very much.
Use mouthwash Quinn Martin/Shutterstock Brushing your teeth and flossing are important steps in maintaining a cavity-free mouth, but that's not all you should be doing for healthy teeth, according to Scott B. Eisen, DDS at Brushing your teeth and flossing are important steps in maintaining a cavity-free mouth, but that's not all you should be doing for healthy teeth, according to Scott B. Eisen, DDS at Catonsville Dental Care . "While we sleep, we produce less saliva and our mouths become dry," he warns. "Saliva is the body's natural neutralizer of the cavity-causing acids that are byproducts of the food and bacteria we neglect around our teeth and gums." So use a mouthwash. While not a replacement for brushing and flossing, mouthwash is a healthy defense against bacteria and plaque. "Using an antiseptic or fluoridated mouthwash at night can help maximize the benefits of the rinse, without them being quickly washed away by food and drink," says Dr. Eisen. The type of mouthwash will depend on your specific needs. "Antiseptic rinses, like Listerine, reduce oral bacteria and plaque and help prevent gingivitis. Fluoride rinses, like ACT, can help remineralize enamel and reduce sensitivity in people who are at a higher risk for cavities," says Dr. Eisen. Before you put the mouthwash back in the medicine cabinet, discover these other clever uses for mouthwash.
Go to bed at the same time every night Stock Asso/Shutterstock Yep, even on the weekends. A lot of important things go on in our body's and mind's while we're snoozing, so it's important to keep a consistent sleep schedule. "Long term health depends on the regeneration that occurs during deep sleep," says Jacqueline Blakely, naturopathic doctor at Yep, even on the weekends. A lot of important things go on in our body's and mind's while we're snoozing, so it's important to keep a consistent sleep schedule. "Long term health depends on the regeneration that occurs during deep sleep," says Jacqueline Blakely, naturopathic doctor at Holtorf Medical Group . Hormones secreted during sleep stimulate important functions such as liver cleansing, muscle building, tissue regeneration, the breakdown of fat stores, and normalization of blood sugar. "Sleeping at odd hours and at different times messes up our natural sleep cycle," says Dr. Blakely. When we go to bed at the same time and wake at the same time, trains our body for sleep
Snack on this combo SpeedKingz/Shutterstock Fiber, protein, and healthy fats are the combo you should always eat at night if you're going to snack says Jillian Michaels, health and wellness expert and creator of the Fiber, protein, and healthy fats are the combo you should always eat at night if you're going to snack says Jillian Michaels, health and wellness expert and creator of the Jillian Michaels App . "These foods promote satiety and contain tryptophan which aids in better sleep and better mood," says Michaels. Her go-to snacks are: turkey lettuce tomato roll ups, a handful of dry roasted or raw almonds, organic Greek yogurt and a handful of blueberries, hummus and veggies, organic string cheese, or a hard-boiled egg. Sugar, starch, or fried and fatty foods are combos you always steer clear from at night. "Be sure to avoid starches and sugars as those drive up insulin levels, causing restless sleep and interference with the bodies release of HGH, our immunity boosting, anti-aging, fat-burning hormone," says Michaels. Other foods to always avoid at night are fried or fatty foods, which result in delayed gastric emptying and could lead to an upset tummy or bloating, causing more tossing and turning instead of snoozing, says Steven Bentley , MD, a retired emergency physician. Fermented foods produce gas and bloating as well. "It's important to refrain from these foods so that you avoid stomach aches and pain," says Bentley.
Content continues below ad
Do some easy yoga Sata Production/ShutterstockIf you sit all day, chances are your hips and hamstrings are tight by the end of the day. "The tension in these tissues compounds over time and plays a significant contributing role in back & hip pain," says Tiffany Cruikshank, founder of Yoga Medicine and author of Meditate Your Weight. To get relief and help prevent issues in the future, Find some easy yoga poses here, or try these two Cruikshank recommends: Supine hamstring pose: Lie on your back and loop a towel or strap around the ball of your right foot, then extend your leg in front of you. (The key is to find a gentle stretch where your low back and hips can still relax.) Bend the raised leg if your leg is lower than the height of your hips, this will put a little slack on your hamstrings so you can relax. Take a few deep breaths to unwind as you stay for 30 to 60 seconds then repeat on the left side. Figure four poses: Lie on your back with your feet on the floor. Take your right ankle and place it on your left knee. If you feel a stretch in your hips here simply stay put, otherwise you can draw your left leg in toward you and grab the back of your left thigh or your left shin. Relax your head and shoulders as you lean your torso back into the floor. Take a few deep breaths as you relax your low back and hips here. Stay for 1 to 2 minutes then repeat on the second side.
Swallow probiotics RomarioIen/ShutterstockGut health is a popular topic these days and for good reason. The bacteria in the gut have a major influence on our health besides just digestion. More studies now point to gut health influencing obesity, cancer, depression and more. (Find out whether your gut is making you sick.) If you're taking probiotics and want them to be more effective Will Cole, MD, suggests taking them at night. "Probiotics work best not taken with food so that they don't interfere with your digestive enzymes. Right before bed would is an optimal time since it's a few hours past dinner and several hours before breakfast," says Dr. Cole.
Try magnesium MIA Studio/ShutterstockMagnesium carries a lot of clout. It's responsible for over 300 biochemical reactions in the body, yet many of us aren't getting enough of this essential mineral. "It is so crucial to make sure you are getting this vital nutrient as it aids in optimal thyroid health," says Dr. Cole. "Taking magnesium right before bed can be the best time as it promotes better sleep. It not only relaxes muscles for more restful sleep but helps the calming neutransmitter, GABA, in your brain," says Dr. Cole.
Content continues below ad
Take calcium GracePhotos/ShutterstockCalcium and magnesium are the dynamic duo of better sleep. "Your body uses calcium at night to help relax your muscles and aids a better night sleep by helping your nervous system. Magnesium helps move calcium from your muscles to the rest of your body for other uses," says Dr. Cole. When you're popping a magnesium pill at night, reach for some calcium too to get the optimal effects of both supplements for overall health and good night's rest. Could your muscle cramps be a sign you're not getting enough calcium?
Drink hot lemon water Iriska Ira/ShutterstockAccording to Devan Kline, a personal trainer and co-founder of Burn Boot Camp, it's always a good idea to balance your PH level and nighttime is great time for sipping lemon water. "Having a glass of lemon water before bed will help create alkalinity in your body. With the majority of our foods being highly acidic it's important to constantly balance your PH level," says Kline. "Disease has a lot tougher time thriving in an alkaline environment rather than an acidic one. Lemon water will help you combat acidity," he claims. Find out 12 insane benefits of drinking lemon water in the morning, too.
Consider taking cornstarch Michelle Lee Photography/ShutterstockNocturnal hypoglycemia, is when blood sugar drops at night. This condition is quite common if you have type 1 diabetes. Symptoms such as night sweats, poor sleep, or waking with shakiness, sweating, or anxiety may be a sign of nocturnal hypoglycemia. Kent Holtorf, MD, medical director at Holtorf Medical Group, recommends taking two to three teaspoons of uncooked cornstarch at bedtime. Don't fall for these nine myths about diabetes.
Content continues below ad
Cut back on booze Rawpixel.com/ShutterstockWe know it may be a buzz kill (pun intended), but according to Dr. Blakely, alcohol is full of sugar and can make for a lousy night of sleep. "Alcohol may seem like it helps you fall asleep, but it doesn't allow for a restful night. Studies have shown that alcohol can disrupt neurotransmitters in the brain that regulate sleep cycles like REM, your deep sleep cycle," says Blakely. If you're menopausal, booze before bed can worsen night sweats and hot flashes. "Skip the beer and try a tea with hops. Hops are calming on the nervous system and can provide a restful night sleep." Here's how to cut back on alcohol.
Cut back on caffeine (yep, dark chocolate too) Africa Studio/ShutterstockAlways avoid caffeine, including dark chocolate, soda and coffee in the evening. Caffeine has a six-hour half-life, which means it could take a full twenty-four hours to work its way out of your system. The cup you had at eight o'clock this morning could leave as much as 25 percent of the caffeine in your body at 8:00 tonight, depending on your body chemistry and genetics. That coveted piece of dark chocolate whispering to you after dinner? Sure, it's full of healthy benefits but Michael Breus, PhD of SleepScore Labs and author of The Power of When says that a two-ounce chunk of 70 percent dark chocolate has 70 mg of caffeine, about the same as a shot of espresso—not exactly a nighttime drink. "Limit consumption of alcohol and caffeine after 2:00 PM," says Dr. Breus.
Power down Daxiao Productions/ShutterstockYou can power down, as Dr. Breus calls it, by lowering your body temp, blood pressure, and levels of the stress hormone cortisol. This downshift should occur the hour before bedtime and includes three 20-minute sections: First 20 minutes: "Do things you must get done. If you don't you will think about them while you're trying to fall asleep," says Dr. Breus. These may include making a to-do list for the morning, journaling, and preparing for tomorrow in whatever way may make your morning run smoother. Second 20 minutes: "Do your nightly hygiene routine, which may include taking a hot bath or shower-in a dimly lit room, or one with the special sleep bulbs which filter out blue wavelength light," suggests Dr. Breus. Final 20 minutes: Do relaxing activities such as light stretching, read magazines or a book—no electronics. Have casual conversations with friends and family. You can play cards or games, just make sure you don't get too excited or competitive. Meditate, pray or read scripture. Then it's off to snoozeland. Here are 19 things you should be doing all day long to ensure a better night's sleep.
Content continues below ad
Kildare were outclassed as they went down to an excellent Dublin team in the Leinster Minor Football Final in Clane on Monday afternoon; Dublin winning on a final score line of 6-13 to 2-12, writes ROBERT CRIBBIN.
Dublin were much the better team throughout and five goals in the opening half portrayed the dominance they enjoyed.
Of them five, Niamh Sheehan was on the end of four of the goals as the Dubs time and time again found gaps in the Kildare defence.
It could have been all so different for Kildare though as before Dublin had even registered on the scoreboard, they created a great goal chance when Robin Forde was put through after great groundwork by Lara Cullen but her shot was excellently saved.
In fact Kildare competed well in the opening stages and only trailed 0-3 to 0-2 after ten minutes with Cullen and Kayleigh Humphries scoring.
After Dublin got their opening goal in the 12th minute through Niamh Sheehan the dam burst however.
Sheehan followed up with two more while Caoimhe O'Connor got a great individual score.
Sheehan got her fourth goal nearing half time but Kildare kept battling and a trio of points from Aine Nash and an opportunistic goal from Claire Melia gave Kildare some hope as they trailed by 5-8 to 1-6 at the interval.
The second half was a much slower tempo as Dublin knew that the job was done as O'Connor and Eimear Loughlin scored early points to put it beyond any shadow of a doubt.
Kildare though kept fighting and Lauren Kelly in particular never gave up and she kicked three fine scores before converting a penalty after a foul was committed in the square.
That spurred Dublin on again though and they woke from their slumper pretty sharpish as they went straight down the other end to score a goal when Aoibhe Bell fisted to the net after an original Sheehan effort was fumbled by the goalkeeper.
Kildare did finish strong with Lauren Kelly and Carrie Pedley scoring late points but the game was well gone at this stage.
Dublin could even have the luxury of missing an injury time penalty as Emily McGrory saved well but when all was said and done, Dublin were on a different level and ran out easy winners.
Kildare: Emily McGrory; Beth Doyle, Amy Horan, Tara Glynn, Clara Wasser, Dervla McGinn, Sorcha Gillman, Lara Cullen 0-1, Alanna McLoughlin, Aine Nash 0-3, Nicole Dooley, Neasa Dooley, Kayleigh Humphries 0-1, Claire Melia 1-0, Robin Forde 0-2. Subs: Lauren Kelly 1-4 (1f) for Gillman 28 mins, Niamh Clarke for Humphries 35 mins, Ciara Breslin for Nicole Dooley 45 mins, Katelyn Doran for Forde 48 mins, Carrie Pedley 0-1 for Nash 52 mins.
Dublin: Heather Smith; Shannon Murtagh, Rachel Brennan, Heather Bolger, Ella Thirroeuiz, Siabh Hannigan, Sarah Fagan, Jennifer Dunne 0-1, Eimear Loughlin 0-1, Orla Martin, Dearbhla Snow 0-3 (2fs), Caoimhe O'Connor 1-1, Danielle lawless 0-3, Niamh Sheehan 4-2, Aoibhe Bell 1-2. Subs: Niamh Hetherton for Thirroeuiz 38 mins, Clara O'Sullivan for Snow 42 mins, Kate Sullivan for Bell 51 mins, Ciara McDunphy for Martin 59 mins, Sarah McMahon for Sheehan 62 mins.
Two Vermont companies are partnering up to create a solar energy and storage project in the former sand extraction pit off River Road.
Green Mountain Power and Green Lantern Development are building a 4.45-megawatt and 2-megawat battery storage project that will become the second solar array on an 86-acre parcel owned by Kimo, Inc.
Will and Victor Veve of Green Lantern received a certificate of public good for a separate 500-kilowatt net metering project late last year.
This new project will place about 19,400 panels within a 25-acre swath in the disturbed portion of the former sand extraction pit. The array is expected to produce about 8,000 megawatt hours of electric energy per year — enough to power the equivalent of over 1,100 homes, Will Veve said.
GMP project leader Kurt Shields said the company is pursuing this project and similar ones around the state to reduce transmission costs from the region. He explained those costs are based on GMP's peak load — the most energy used in a single hour during the month or year.
By shaving that down, the company can transfer savings to customers, Shields said. One tool to do that is battery storage, or the process of absorbing solar energy when it's abundant and firing it at expected peak loads later when people use the most energy.
“This is a way to supercharge solar,” Shields said.
The project will use a battery created in collaboration with Tesla that can store up to 8 megawatts of power. GMP can also use the battery system to maintain service during extended power outages or disruptions in a process known as islanding. Shields said that's a new feature GMP plans to start testing next month.
“When this project goes forward next year, we'll be able to exercise that muscle,” he said.
Projects governed by the PUC are exempt from local review, so GMP and the Veves don't need the town's approval to break ground. But the project did earn a letter of support from both the Chittenden County Regional Planning Commission and the Essex Energy Committee.
The selectboard decided to hold off on issuing a letter until the planning commission had a chance to weigh in last month.
The construction phase is estimated to last about four months, with the first eight weeks expected to bring the most activity: about 60 tractor trailer loads. The rest of the deliveries will be carried out on work and box trucks, Will Veve said.
Shields said GMP has five other sites around the state of a similar utility-scale size, and Will Veve noted the project will greatly bump up both Essex's and Chittenden County's solar portfolio.
That's important as the state continues to strive toward a goal of 90 percent renewable energy by 2050, Essex Energy Committee member David Skopin said.
The project will also contribute tax revenue to the town, Will Veve said.
Skopin said the energy committee was “overjoyed” after learning of the project and its location.
“I don't think we'd ever find one that is more out of the way,” he said. “It's not used, it's not seen. Even if [the array] made noise, no one would hear it.”
Unified manager Evan Teich members of the Essex business community have told him the cost of power in this region is higher than their competitors around the country. If projects like these can help address that, he said, then he applauds GMP's efforts.
European Commission concluded (11-Dec-2017) negotiations with Tunisia for "a far reaching aviation agreement", to improve market access for airlines and provide better connectivity. The new agreement is expected to bring an additional 800,000 passengers over a five year period and could increase traffic between the regions by up to 13% p/a. Commissioner for Transport Violeta Bulc said the agreement will also "contribute to the highest safety, security and environmental standards". The parties agreed to move to signature "as soon as possible and following their respective internal procedures", according to the Commission. [more - original PR]
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — The Latest on the apparent assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother in Malaysia (all times local):
5:50 p.m.
Malaysian police say they have arrested a woman in connection with the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother.
Wednesday's statement says the woman was arrested at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. She was carrying Vietnamese travel documents.
Kim Jong-un's half brother died Monday after suddenly falling ill at the airport. According to a Malaysian government official, Kim told medical workers before he died that he had been attacked with a chemical spray.
Why it matters to you Toyota's Olympic plans show that it is serious about self-driving cars.
Just as Hyundai plans to use the 2018 Winter Olympics in its home country of South Korea to demonstrate self-driving cars, Toyota will do the same at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
Toyota will bring a fleet of autonomous cars to the Japanese games, Ken Koibuchi,the automaker's general manager for autonomous tech, told Automotive News during a preview of the 2018 Lexus LS. Toyota is a major Olympic sponsor and Japan's largest automaker, and believes the Olympics will be an important venue for showcasing new technology.
Executives believe the Odaiba waterfront area of Tokyo, where many of the Olympic venues will be, is ideally suited to demonstrations of self-driving cars. Unlike most of Tokyo, which is made up of narrow, winding streets, the Odaiba waterfront features wide, straight streets and relatively light traffic.
While it has kept a lower profile than other automakers, Toyota does plan to launch fully autonomous cars in the near future. It's also taking a slightly different approach than the competition. Toyota prefers not to use the term “autonomous,” since it may instill false confidence in drivers, Koibuchi told Automotive News. Instead, it prefers the term “automated.”
Toyota seems less eager to take human drivers completely out of the equation. Its “Mobility Teammate Concept” envisions the car as a partner for the human driver, rather than a replacement. Toyota is also emphasizing autonomous driving for people who can't drive on their own, such as the elderly or disabled.
Some technical hurdles must still be cleared before self-driving cars can go into production. First, Toyota must adapt lidar for use in its production vehicles. Lidar, which operates on a similar principal to radar but using light instead of radio waves, is a fixture on most prototype autonomous cars. But getting costs down and packaging the sensors in a production cars will still be challenging.
Self-driving cars will also need high-quality digital maps, Koibuchi said. The Japanese government is trying to map the country's road network, but so far, only a portion of Japan's highways have been mapped. Koibuchi believes the entire highway network will be mapped in time for the 2020 Olympics, but noted that surface streets “are a huge task.”
Oracle Corp. appears to be in a more predictable stage of its cloud transition, but those predictions haven't lived up to expectations so far.
After Oracle's last quarterly earnings report, shares had their worst one-day drop in more than four years, falling nearly 8% from record highs predicated on big growth from the company's move to a software-as-a-service, or SaaS, model. The reason: A weaker-than-expected outlook for the second quarter prompted concerns about growth, after the software giant had spent years talking about the potential for better numbers from the cloud.
When Oracle reports fiscal second-quarter earnings on Thursday after the close, analysts largely expect the company to perform better than that disappointing forecast, leaving open the possibility of another significant downturn if earnings come up short. SaaS growth and the outlook for the coming calendar year will receive heavy scrutiny a year after Oracle closed on the acquisition of NetSuite for more than $9 billion, which means the forecast Oracle provides will be driven by organic growth instead of another boost from that purchase.
Oracle stock has not fully recovered from its last earnings report, which could show that investors and analysts want to know if the weaker-than-expected forecast was a one-time blip or the beginning of a new normal for Oracle. In November, as Oracle was planning to tap the corporate bond market with a $10 billion offering, UBS downgraded the stock to neutral on concerns that the company's push into the cloud leaves little room for error on its valuation.
Founder and Chairman Larry Ellison showed no signs of being concerned at the company's annual OpenWorld conference in October. He focused on database and security technology, throwing down the gauntlet against Amazon.com Inc.'s AMZN, +0.60% Amazon Web Services, guaranteeing that it would offer database warehousing at half the price of AWS, and showcased its fully automated database system, the 18c. Ellison also used the event to showcase its security cloud, which he claimed would have prevented the kind of hack at Equifax Inc. EFX, +0.95% that compromised the personal data of more than 140 million U.S. customers.
What to watch for
Earnings: On average, 30 analysts surveyed by FactSet expect adjusted earnings of 68 cents a share, an 11% increase from the year-ago quarter. Estimize, a software platform that uses crowdsourcing from hedge-fund executives, brokerages, buy-side analysts and others, calls for an adjusted earnings consensus of 70 cents a share. Oracle's forecast projected adjusted earnings of 64 cents to 68 cents a share.
Revenue: Of the 27 analysts polled by FactSet, the Street estimates consensus revenue of $9.57 billion, a 5.9% increase from the year-ago quarter. Estimize calls for consensus revenue of $9.62 billion. Oracle projected a range of $9.25 billion to $9.43 billion.
Analysts surveyed by FactSet expect total cloud revenue to rise nearly 49% to $1.56 billion from a year ago, and forecast SaaS revenue to account for $1.14 billion of that. Total on-premise software revenue is expected to rise 1% to $6.19 billion, with a 7.5% decrease in new software licenses to $1.25 billion.
Stock movement: Since the nearly 8% drop the day after September's earnings report, Oracle shares have only advanced 3%. Shares are up almost 31% for the year, compared with a nearly 19% rise in the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.32% and a nearly 28% gain in the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.51%
What analysts are saying: Much like the UBS downgrade, analysts are beginning to sound words of caution about the potential for SaaS growth at Oracle.
Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White, who has a buy rating and a bullish $62 price target, said even SaaS players like Salesforce.com Inc. CRM, +1.06% SAP SE SAP, -0.46% and Workday Inc. WDAY, -0.04% don't “enjoy the breadth and depth of Oracle's SaaS portfolio,” but cautioned that growth will be challenged. He noted:
With the one-year anniversary of the NetSuite acquisition recently passed (closed on November 7, 2016), the YoY growth in Oracle's SaaS sales will face more difficult comparisons moving forward, thus we are adjusting our model accordingly. For FY:18, we are lowering our SaaS revenue growth rate to 39% from 51%, and for FY:19, we're reducing our growth rate to 26% from 40%.
Evercore ISI analyst Kirk Materne, who has a buy rating and a $57 price target, expressed a similar view of Wall Street overconfidence in Oracle's growth with respect to growing market share in its enterprise resource planning business. He said:
[W]e believe strength in Oracle's ERP offering can fuel ~30% organic SaaS growth for the foreseeable future. However, we would note that we believe the Street is modeling organic SaaS growth slightly too high in the near term and numbers should come down to ~28-30% y/y starting in F3Q. There is no mystery about the fact that F3Q will be the first organic SaaS quarter since Oracle bought NetSuite. While we realize our historical (FY16, FY17, etc.) estimates of organic growth are necessarily far from perfect, we think they offer a decent “goal post” on how to think about Cloud SaaS growth after the anniversary of the NetSuite acquisition next quarter.
Stifel analyst Brad Reback, who has a buy rating and a $53 price target, also thinks Street estimates for SaaS are too high for the second-half of 2018 and 2019, and that those expectations need to be leveled. He noted:
We think the Street would positively view any commentary from last quarter reaffirming that SaaS gross margin can reach 80% in FY19. As a reminder, Oracle delivered SaaS gross margin of 66.5% in F1Q18 and 62.6% GM for FY17, and we currently model SaaS GM reaching 75% in F4Q19.
BMO Capital Markets analyst Keith Bachman, who has an outperform rating and a $57 price target, added to the caution of overestimating SaaS, noting:
We believe Oracle has limited probability for upside in FY2Q18 (November) and guidance. We believe that investors have concerns about the strength of cloud revenues (SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS), particularly post the anniversary of the NetSuite acquisition in late FY2Q17.
Wedbush analyst Steve Koenig, who has an outperform rating and a $58 price target, had this to note:
ORCL's results depend on several moving parts, but expectations for the important SaaS and [Platform-as-a-Service/Infrastructure-as-a-Service] revenue lines in 2Q look more de-risked than last quarter. ORCL took some lumps in its 1Q report due to weak cloud guidance, as PaaS deployments took longer than expected and SaaS attrition on a seasonally large 1Q renewal base created headwinds for 2Q revenue. Meaningful acceleration in PaaS/IaaS will probably take several quarters, as ORCL works to gain traction with revamped packaging, pricing, and technology (autonomous database).
Of the 36 analysts that cover Oracle, 25 have overweight or buy ratings, 10 have hold ratings, and one has a sell rating, according to FactSet. Analysts have an average $55.76 price target on the stock, nearly 11% above its price at Monday's close.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Police arrested an Indianapolis man on Friday in connection with the Sunday afternoon shooting death of a woman.
Fredrick Ford, 52, faces a preliminary charge of murder in the death of 49-year-old Catrina Russell.
Police say a charcoal-colored Lexus pulled into the parking lot of the New York Express convenience store, near New York and Rural streets around 3 p.m. on Sunday. That's when a man in the passenger seat fired at least one shot at Russell, who was driving, then pushed the woman out of her car and drove off.
Russell was pronounced dead on scene by medics.
Officers found the Russell's car a short time later parked on North Kealing Avenue, near 16th Street and North Sherman Drive.
Ford remained in the Marion County Jail on Friday afternoon.
Isadora Williams is heading back to the Olympics to represent Brazil in figure skating. John Chandler reports. (Published 5 hours ago)
Isadora Williams is heading back to the Olympics to represent Brazil in figure skating. John Chandler reports. See More
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Actor Dean Winters — known for his roles in HBO's dark prison drama “Oz” and his appearances on “30 Rock” and “Law & Order: Special Victims Unit” — has been spotted house-hunting downtown.
One unit that caught his eye was at 166 Perry St. in the West Village, where he returned several times to tour a $2.75 million unit.
This chic two-bedroom, two-bathroom apartment is designed by its current owner, designer Stephanie Michaan of The Interior, a lifestyle brand and shop. Michaan bought the second-floor unit for $1.96 million in 2011.
She originally listed it for $2.99 million in 2014, StreetEasy shows.
The apartment comes with 10-foot ceilings, dark-colored wide-plank floors and an open floor plan.
There's also a gourmet chef's kitchen with a built-in wine fridge and smart-home perks like custom, remote-controlled blackout shades.
Building amenities include a gym, a recently renovated lobby and a roof terrace.
The listing brokers are Douglas Elliman's Holly Parker and Alexandra McDevitt.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Cal men's coach Brett McClure has been named USA Gymnastics' high-performance director, the organization announced Tuesday.
McClure, a 2004 Olympic team silver medalist who has led the Golden Bears since 2013, will work with budding Olympians at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colorado. He will start after the current collegiate season ends.
McClure also coached at Stanford from 2010-13, helping the Cardinal men win the 2011 NCAA title when he was named national assistant coach of the year.
“Brett brings a diverse background to this role and is a true team builder,” USA Gymnastics president Steve Penny said in a statement. “Brett knows what it takes to achieve success at the highest level, and he has a clear vision for the future of men's gymnastics in the USA.”
The Bears (6-5) are ranked eighth nationally.
Three people have been charged following a fire believed to have been started deliberately at a former school in Fife.
Emergency services were called to the old Viewforth High School on Loughborough Road in Kirkcaldy at about 17:40 on Monday.
An 18-year-old woman and two boys, aged 17 and 15, are due to appear at Kirkcaldy Sheriff Court later.
The original Viewforth High School, built in 1908, is a listed building.
A couple reunited after four months apart spent some of their first hours together in hospital after a drama unfolded in a family restaurant.
Bethany Clark, 18, of St Mary's, had travelled from Dundee to Edinburgh Airport to meet her partner Sophia Friedrich, 19, who had been studying computer science in Frankfurt.
They stayed overnight and were preparing to leave Frankie and Benny's in Edinburgh's Omni Centre when Sophia suddenly started suffering vertigo symptoms.
Concerned staff cleared the surrounding area of diners and allowed Sophia to lie down.
But her condition didn't improve and after she was sick, paramedics were called and she was taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary.
Sophia was treated for several hours before being released and allowed to travel with Bethany to Dundee where she continues to recover from labyrinthitis — an inner ear infection.
Bethany, a photography and television student, has thanked the staff at Frankie and Benny's who came to Sophia's aid.
She said: “I had picked Sophia up the evening before and we stayed overnight in Edinburgh before having lunch at Frankie and Benny's the next day.
“It all happened quite suddenly. Sophia felt really faint and had to lie down on the seats.
“The waiter got us some water and the manager Steve Potts came over to check if we were OK and if there was anything he could do.
“Sophia was really struggling and Mr Potts moved some of the other people away so we had a section at the back and she had privacy.
“She was conscious but after about 20 minutes Mr Potts said it was best to call an ambulance. He was great.
“Sophia was sick and I was getting quite panicky but he was really nice.”
Paramedics took Sophia into an ambulance and Mr Potts helped the couple with their suitcases, as they had planned to catch a train home to Dundee.
Bethany said: “We must have been in hospital for about three hours and they gave Sophia some anti-sickness tablets.
“She was in hospital due to labyrinthitis about two weeks ago so the doctors think it was probably the after-effects of that.
“She still has a few symptoms but is recovering well. I just want to say a massive thank you to Mr Potts, the waiter and everyone else — they were fantastic.”
Mr Potts said: “We were pleased to be able to help Sophia, as we would anyone in distress.
“We are very pleased to hear that she is now at home and on the mend.”
Bar Refaeli is pregnant again The Israeli supermodel made the announcement on Instagram Tuesday morning.
Bar Refaeli hopes watching 'Grey's' will turn baby into a doctor Refaeli and husband Adi Ezra are set to welcome their first child later this summer.
Bar Refaeli flaunts baby bump and butt in thong bikini The supermodel and husband Adi Ezra are expecting their first child later this year.
Prepare to be shocked by Bar Refaeli's pregnant bikini body The supermodel shared a bikini selfie in which her middle section looks practically flat.
A history of Leo's exes Another one bites the dust. Serial modelizer Leonardo DiCaprio has split from Georgetown-educated Sports Illustrated model, Kelly Rohrbach after 9 months of dating. While rumors circulated that the pair were...
Is Leo still hung up on Bar Refaeli? Since DiCaprio and Refaeli split, he has cycled through a number of women in their early 20s, all of whom bear a striking resemblance to the Israeli beauty.
He lit up our screens back in 2001 when he won Big Brother.
Rthangan native Brian Dowling shot to fame thereafter.
Brian is the son of Gerard, born and raised in Rathangan, and Rosaleen from Kilmeague. He is the eldest of six sisters.
Sarah Peppard caught up with Brian to chat all things Kildare.
What is your first Kildare memory?
Because I've got six sisters, my memories always remind me of Christmas, of growing up and Christmas being so exciting. They're always my memories of the seven of us putting up the Christmas tree, waiting for Santy, stuff like that.
When did you move away from Rathangan?
My first time properly to move away was in 1998, when I joined Ryanair.
Do you ever miss living in Kildare?
Well, I grew up in Rathangan, I've always lived in Rathangan at home, and now I live in London. When I was older I did want to kinda go away — I'm 18/19 years of age, what can you do here? I went from living in Rathangan where everyone knows everyone's name, a tiny little village, to living in London. It was weird.
What do you miss most?
I suppose for me, I think obviously because my life changed so dramatically especially after Big Brother, with Rathangan was the great sense of community. When I was on Big Brother I felt people in Rathangan and Kildare were proud. And the fact that I came out that I was gay just before the show, people were just so accepting, and so allowing. When I come home, you never feel any different.
Do you get to go back to Rathangan much?
Oh God, I'm home all the time! I think I'm home at least twice a month, which is really good because I've got five nieces, two nephews and my sisters. I've always been a bit of a homebird.
Do your parents still live in Rathangan?
Still living in Rathangan yeah, both my parents just turned 60. My mum's on Snapchat and everything. It gets me in trouble sometimes!
Where is your favourite place when you're home?
I do like going around Kildare Village, I also quite like going shopping in Newbridge. I used to work in Dunnes Stores so I still know some of the people that work in Dunnes and I'll pop in and say hi, and I quite like the normality of going to Dunnes.
Would you see yourself moving back to Kildare?
Yes. My husband and I said we'll settle in Ireland. We'll come back, build our dream home. Maybe in Co. Kildare!
So there ya are now, a return to the Lilywhite county could be on the cards!
Get the Mach newsletter.
WASHINGTON — NASA said on Friday it will send a small helicopter to Mars as part of the U.S. space agency's 2020 mission to place a next-generation rover on the Martian surface, marking the first time such an aircraft will be used on another world.
The remote-controlled Mars Helicopter, designed to take flight in the thin Martian atmosphere with twin counter-rotating blades, weighs about four pounds, with a fuselage the size of a softball, NASA said. Its blades will spin at almost 3,000 rpm, roughly 10 times the rate employed by helicopters on Earth.
"The altitude record for a helicopter flying here on Earth is about 40,000 feet. The atmosphere of Mars is only one percent that of Earth, so when our helicopter is on the Martian surface, it's already at the Earth equivalent of 100,000 feet up," Mimi Aung, the Mars Helicopter project manager at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, said in a statement.
The Mars Helicopter, a small, autonomous rotorcraft, will travel with the agency's Mars 2020 rover mission, currently scheduled to launch in July 2020, to demonstrate the viability and potential of heavier-than-air vehicles on the Red Planet. NASA
NASA officials said the rotorcraft will reach the Red Planet's surface attached to the car-sized rover. After placing the helicopter on the ground, the rover will be directed to drive to a safe distance to relay commands. Controllers on Earth will command the helicopter to take its first autonomous flight after its batteries are charged and tests are conducted, NASA said.
"The idea of a helicopter flying the skies of another planet is thrilling," NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine said in a statement.
The helicopter is intended to demonstrate the viability and usefulness of such aircraft on Mars, NASA said, with potential roles as a low-flying scout or to reach locations inaccessible from the ground.
NASA said it plans a 30-day flight test period that will include up to five flights, starting with a short vertical jaunt to hover for about 30 seconds at an altitude of 10 feet and progressing to flight distances up to a few hundred yards and durations up to 90 seconds.
The helicopter contains solar cells to charge its lithium-ion batteries and a heating mechanism to keep it warm during frigid nights.
The Mars 2020 rover mission is scheduled to launch in July 2020 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida and reach Mars in February 2021. The rover is designed to carry out geological studies and ascertain the habitability of the Martian environment, NASA said.
Uganda, other nations guard against payment for unsuccessful exploration …Guyana's Government could have done same
When it comes to the discovery of oil, nations across the world have experienced a number of challenges; one of them being the bill presented by operators for unsuccessful operations.
Fortunately, many nations like Uganda and Indonesia have learnt from the mistakes of their counterparts. In this regard, these nations have ensured that there are strict clauses which specifically state that oil companies are not allowed to recover such costs prior to the date of production. It therefore means that the operator must bear the cost of exploration.
One can see a glaring example of this in the Production Sharing Agreement (PSA) that was signed between the Government of Uganda and British operator, Tullow Oil. That entity is also exploring in Guyana's deep waters.
In that PSA, the Government categorically states, that the oil operator cannot recover costs incurred before the effective date of the contract.
But Guyana's case is quite different. There is no provision in Guyana's contract with USA oil giant which safeguards against this. Hence, ExxonMobil was able to ensnare Guyana in the oil agreement with a US$460M bill.
This can be found in Annex C of the contract which speaks to Cost Recovery. The bill is referred to in the PSA as “pre-contract cost.” The pre-contract cost includes contract costs, exploration costs, operating costs, service costs, and general and administrative costs and annual overhead charges.
UNSUCCESSFUL EXPLORATION
Newcomers to the oil and gas industry are often obsessed with one thing—billions of dollars in revenue.
Issues like adequate ring-fencing provisions quickly fade into the background of nothingness.
More than 80 countries worldwide have not only paid dearly for such a mistake, but the future of their governments and generations to come will be haunted by it.
The lessons of these nations were adequately summed up by the World Bank in one of its many reports on the sticky issues of exploration. In one of its documents, Fiscal Systems for Hydrocarbons, the World Bank explains that ring-fencing is an industry-specific feature. This refers to the demarcation of taxable entities.
The World Bank said that while corporate income tax normally applies at company level, in the petroleum sector the taxable entity is often the contract area or the individual project. When ring fencing applies at contract area or project level, income derived from one area/one project cannot be offset against losses from another area/project.
Another type of ring fencing separates upstream from downstream operations. Usually, all costs associated with a given block or licence must be recovered from revenue generated within that block: the block is ring fenced.
The World Bank emphasised that the objective of ring fencing is to protect the level of current tax revenue and, to some extent, level the playing field by treating newcomers and existing investors equally.
It noted that the disadvantage of ring fencing is that it does not incentivise exploration and investment activities. The Bank stated however, “by allowing costs to cross the fence, the host government may end up subsidising unsuccessful exploration.” (More in this regard can be read by following this link: https://openknowledge.worldbank.org/bitstream/handle/10986/6746/409020PAPER0Fi1C0disclosed0Sept0181.pdf?sequence=1).
ExxonMobil has already announced that the Liza one was the discovery well in 2015. Since then, it has successfully drilled Liza 2, 3 and 4 which helped the company to understand the size of the accumulation of oil and gas. It has noted that Phase one of its production will include at least 17 wells. It said that this will help develop part, not all of the Liza field.
In August 2016, ExxonMobil drilled their “Skipjack” exploration well but no commercial quantities of hydrocarbons were found.
TAMPA - GiGi's Playhouse, a national nonprofit network of Down Syndrome achievement centers, is coming to the Tampa Bay area.
With more than 30 sites in the United States and Mexico, Tampa becomes home to the organization's chapter.
A GiGi's Playhouse Tampa organizer announced on ABC Action News the new location of the Tampa site will be in a building at the corner of West Hillsborough Avenue and North Himes Avenue.
The agency will be operated mostly by volunteers, with the exception of one paid position.
Volunteers will be trained to bring programs to recipients.
The members of Ye Loyal Krewe of Grace O'Malley's were instrumental in bringing the new GiGi's Playhouse Tampa to the bay area. The krewe raised more than $27,000 for the cause, said O'Malley XXIV Pamelyn Foreid.
The goal is to change the way the world sees and accepts people living with Down Syndrome, said Doreen Altieri, an organizer of GiGi's Playhouse Tampa. There are an estimated 3,400 people living with Down Syndrome in the Hillsborough, Pinellas and Pasco counties.
Nick Altieri, Doreen's son, said he is excited to promote GiGi's Playhouse Tampa and get word out to the community.
GiGi's Playhouse is a 501c3 non-profit organization. All in-kind donations are tax deductible.
If you are interested in participating in the project, email tampa@gigisplayhouse.org. You can also find more information about GiGi's centers at www.gigisplayhouse.org.
Coach of Niger Potters Basketball club, Adamu Kuta says the lingering leadership crisis in the Nigeria Basketball Federation (NBBF) will not stall the progress of the country's national teams.
Kuta told News men in Abuja, while speaking on preparations for the 2019 World Cup, that the D'Tigers would not be distracted by the crisis.
He said the recent performances and achievements of both the senior male national male and female teams were testimonies of the teams' present form and focus.
“Our women team lifted the Women's AfroBasket trophy in Mali in the face of the NBBF crisis.
“Also, D'Tigers displayed superb performance against Tunisia in Tunis and emerged second in Africa,” Kuta said.
The coach of the Minna-based Niger Potters expressed optimism in the ability of D'Tigers to qualify for World Cup in spite of “distractions from the Federation”.
Tidesports source gathered that the senior male national team would be participating in the qualifiers for China 2019 from February.
The 2019 FIBA World Cup will hold from August 31 to September 15 in China with 32 teams expected to participate.
According to The Tidesports source reports that the Federation of International Basketball Associations (FIBA) has given the NBBF factions led by Musa Kida and Tijani Umar a November 30 deadline to iron out their differences.
Jonathan Sexton ruined the debut match of France coach Jacques Brunel with a last gasp drop goal on Saturday to pluck a 15-13 win for Ireland at the Stade de France. The hosts looked to have snatched victory themselves thanks to a dazzling solo try from wing Teddy Thomas eight minutes from time.
But after Anthony Belleau missed a chance to extend France's lead with a penalty two minutes from time, Ireland advanced up the field and Sexton landed a drop goal from more than 40 metres out to transport the travelling supporters into raptures and leave France's despondent players flat out on the pitch.
"He did it with absolute aplomb,” said Ireland coach Joe Schmidt. “Credit to Johnny. He was struggling and he had a bit of cramp at the time.
"But his clarity of thought and ability to win it in those big moments is second to none."
Schmidt said he had feared Thomas's wonder try could have broken his team's resolve.
"One freakish event and one freakishly good player can undo all that good work," said Schmidt. "It's pretty hard to explain how you feel when you think that the game's got away and you've let it slip, and suddenly you've grabbed it!"
Brunel described the loss as cruel. "What can you feel but huge frustration? It happened in the 82nd minute but that's the way it is," said the 64-year-old coach, who replaced Guy Novès in December.
"I don't know if it's deserved, or if they deserved it. We had a chance to seal victory with Belleau's penalty but unfortunately it went past the post.
"We weren't far from having it in the bag so it's even harder to swallow and accept that we lost the match."
MANCHESTER, England (AP) — Manchester City signed France Under-21 international Aymeric Laporte from Athletic Bilbao for a club-record fee of 65 million euros ($80 million) on Tuesday, taking its spending on center backs since 2014 to around $250 million.
The 23-year-old Laporte came close to joining City in the summer of 2016 — when Pep Guardiola took charge of the current English Premier League leader — but backed out of the move feeling he wasn't quite ready.
Eighteen months later, City clinched the signing of the left-footed, ball-playing defender after meeting his buy-out clause, strengthening the team's options in what has been a problem position for Guardiola and previous managers.
Laporte is the second most expensive defender in soccer history, with only Virgil van Dijk — who joined Liverpool from Southampton for 75 million pounds ($100 million) at the start of January — costing more.
Since City won its most recent Premier League title in 2014, Eliaquim Mangala has arrived from FC Porto for a reported 42 million pounds and Nicolas Otamendi joined from Valencia for 32 million pounds in 2015. Another center back, John Stones, cost an initial 47.5 million pounds in the summer of 2016.
City spent around 120 million pounds (then $155 million) on three fullbacks — Kyle Walker, Benjamin Mendy and Danilo — in the last transfer window.
Laporte made his debut in 2012 under former Bilbao coach Marcelo Bielsa — someone revered by Guardiola — and quickly became one of the Spanish league's most promising players. He said he likes to bring the ball out from the back, giving him the pedigree that suits Guardiola's vision and making him a likely rival for Stones to play alongside Otamendi.
"Defenders do this more than ever before," Laporte said in an interview with FourFourTwo magazine. "I spend as much time in training and matches working on starting attacks as I do stopping them.
"I'm usually quite calm in possession, so this helps initiate quicker, more fluid attacks from the back. I also like playing long, cross-field passes to change the position of an attack and give us another option. Variety is important."
Barcelona has previously been linked with Laporte, who has similar qualities to Gerard Pique — the Barça and Spain defender.
The size of the fee reflects the shortage of top-quality, left-footed center backs around at the moment — and comes two weeks after City turned down the chance to sign Alexis Sanchez because of the Chile forward's financial demands.
Laporte has signed a contract until 2023 and becomes City's most expensive player, with the fee exceeding the reported 55 million pounds spent on Kevin De Bruyne in August 2015.
City has four of the five costliest defenders in Premier League history — Laporte, Stones, Walker, and Mendy.
Laporte, who hasn't played for France's senior team, will be available for the knockout stage of the Champions League.
"All I know," he said, in an Instagram message to Athletic's fans on Monday, "is that I will never forget the place where I've become a better player and a better person. That's why this is not a 'goodbye,' only a 'see you soon,' and that I'll keep Athletic in my heart forever."
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
POKER
Dylan Wilkerson has captured his second gold ring after defeating Erick Lindgren in heads-up action in the Harrah's Cherokee World Series of Poker Circuit Main Event.
For the second year on the tamp, Dylan Wilkerson has won a World Series of Poker Circuit (WSOPC) gold ring after taking down a $1,675 buy-in Main Event.
Last year, Wilkerson battered 705 entrants, including the Aussie Millions Main Event winner Toby Lewis in heads-up action, to claim the $216,790 first prize, and unlike his good friend, Joseph Cheong, he never lost it.
Wilkerson only travelled to Cherokee, North Carolina to ride shotgun with Cheong as the former November Niner chased qualifying points for the Global Casino Championships held in Cherokee August 7-9.
It was a wise move for the pair.
Cheong won his third goal ring (second this month) after beating 530 entrants to take the $34,188 first prize in a $365 buy-in event, and Wilkerson took down the daddy.
And guess who played the role of End Boss.
None other than the much-maligned former Full Tilt representative, Erick Lindgren.
We haven't heard much from Lindgren since he made the final table of the 2015 WSOP Millionaire Maker (finishing 7th), and it's five years since he won his second WSOP bracelet and finished second in the World Poker Tour (WPT) World Championships, losing out to fellow bad boy Chino Rheem.
Times flies.
Wilkerson entered the heads-up phase with a dominant 4:1 chip lead and very nearly lost it when Lindgren fought back to take an 8:1 chip lead. Wilkerson managed to pull his act together, to even the tie until the pair found massive hands at the same time. Lindgren picked up queens. Wilkerson picked up kings.
Game over.
So, how did Wilkerson feel after his lengthy battle?
“Relieved,” Wilkerson told WSOP officials. “I pretty much blew it as bad as you can.”
The win takes Wilkerson over the $2.7m mark in live tournament earnings. It's Wilkerson's most significant score since losing to James Carroll in the heads-up phase of the Season XII WPT Shooting Stars event where he collected $728,650.
Wilkerson's prize isn't only a bucket load of cash and a gold ring. Victory in the Main Event books him a seat in the WSOP Global Casino Championships. Steven Snyder joins him after winning the Casino Championship accolade. Snyder cashed in three events, including a first and a second.
Final Table Results
1. Dylan Wilkerson – $294,152
2. Erick Lindgren – $181,864
3. Daniel Wagner – $135,150
4. Howard Setzer – $101,601
5. TK Miles – $77,258
6. Fikret Kovac – $59,434
7. Gabe Costner – $46,253
8. Fred Battle – $36,411
9. Christopher Meyers – $29,002
Comments
In 2016 I worked with Storey Publishing to design a series of spreads for a craft book called Crochet Taxidermy, which shows different ways to create adorable creatures. Each section of the book is organized by location (safari, woodland, zoo, undersea, and farm) and needed a illustrated spread that combined all the creatures and whose limited palette was inspired by the wallpaper that was used in the photoshoots.
Steve Del Rio, Rockwell Automation, highlights recent and upcoming enhancements that demonstrate the company's commitment to process safety. Topics covered include ICS® Triplex® AADvance® Workbench 2.1 software and Trusted® triple modular redundant (TMR) controllers – plus Allen-Bradley® 1715 I/O (v3) for fault tolerant, SIL 2/SIL 3 applications.
Find out more about the Connected Enterprise at: www.rockwellautomation.com.
Odell Beckham Jr. wants to be Comeback Player of the Year next season, but before he gets there, he has a bit of offseason business he would like to take care of first.
The Giants' mercurial wide receiver was on the red carpet before the NFL Honors show Saturday night in Minneapolis and was asked his thoughts on his current contract situation.
“Hopefully we get it done, just to get it over with,” Beckham said. “I really want to do it so I can move past it. It's too much to be sitting around, thinking where I'm going to be.”
Beckham made it clear before the start of this past season his motivation is to be the highest-paid wide receiver in the NFL. A strong performance on the field would have gone a long way toward that, but instead, his plans were derailed by a season-ending ankle fracture in October.
Even before the injury, however, Beckham made more noise with his antics — including a now-infamous touchdown celebration in which in mimed urinating like a dog — than with his play.
It has been one of the major questions put to new Giants coach Pat Shurmur: How will he deal with his talented but difficult-to-control franchise wide receiver?
Shurmur left his first meeting with Beckham thinking the three-time Pro Bowler sounded “inspired” to have a bounce-back season, but emphasized the need for players to buy into the “Giants Way.”
“We have to get the players in the building, and certainly as we go through the offseason here, we just continually talk about what's right and how we're going to do business,” Shurmur said. “We really just have to set the standards and the guidelines. It's more than just saying, ‘Follow the rules.' It needs to be relationship-driven.”
With the new coach seemingly in his corner and favorite quarterback Eli Manning returning, Beckham certainly looks set up for success and said as much when asked if he thinks he will fit well in the former Vikings offensive coordinator's schemes.
“That seems pretty obvious,” Beckham said. “Watching what [the Vikings] do and just putting myself in that situation, I know that I'd be doing some pretty good things for our team.”
It was perhaps with that in mind that Beckham issued a challenge to Texans defensive end J.J. Watt when the two ran into each other on the red carpet.
Watt, who missed all but five games because of an injury this season, and Beckham bumped fists, and Beckham proposed: “Comeback Player of the Year?”
“It's going to be the battle of a lifetime, brother,” Watt responded.
Watt later was named the NFL's Walter Payton Man of the Year during the ceremony, giving Beckham another honor to shoot for, if he feels so inclined.
Jidenna talks about being a “Patriot of Two Countries” in this Interview with Revolt TV | Watch
Nigerian-American Musician Jidenna is the most recent guest on Diddy's Revolt TV's “The Breakdown”. In the interview which aired on Tuesday, Jidenna discussed his time as a teacher in New York saying, “I killed that.” He also talked about his dual citizenship briefly, stating that he is “a patriot of two countries and a patriot of the […]
The post Jidenna talks about being a “Patriot of Two Countries” in this Interview with Revolt TV | Watch appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Michael Jackson Estate has decided to re-up its deal with Sony/ATV to administer the music publishing rights to some of the King of Pop's best-known songs, the publisher confirmed on Thursday.
Sony/ATV, run by Martin Bandier, won the rights to the Mijac Music catalogue in 2012 from Warner/Chappelle, which had held them since 1980.
Terms of the deal were not disclosed, but it is believed to be a long-term arrangement.
That deal expired recently, and the Mijac catalogue came up for bidding.
In a recent auction all the major music publishers — from Universal to BMG — made an attempt to acquire the rights, sources said, but Sony/ATV ultimately prevailed.
The collection includes “Bad,” “Beat It,” and “Billie Jean,” among many others by the late singer/songwriter.
Sony/ATV was owned jointly by Japan's Sony Corp. and the estate of Michael Jackson but did not house all of the Jackson song rights.
Sony bought out the Jackson estate last year for $750 million, giving the estate a rethink about where best to house the music.
John Branca and John McClain, the co-executors of the Estate, said in a statement: “The music of the greatest entertainer that ever lived, Michael Jackson, is in the hands of the number one publishing company in the world.
“We had to beat off every competitor,” Bandier told The Post.
To celebrate the 2018 World Cup, For The Win's Ted Berg is sampling various World Cup countries' cuisines in the New York City area. To recommend a dish or a restaurant, email asktedberg@gmail.com.
I told my dad about this one before writing this, and he said it's important that I mention it's Alsatian, since the Alsace region has not always been part of France. Then I well-actually'd my dad so hard, pointing out that the people who invented merguez sausage have not always been part of the country we now call Tunisia and the people who first developed jollof rice have not always been Nigerians, and that the main lesson to take away from all this is something about the long-term effects of colonialism and the arbitrary nature of borders as they relate to actual cultures.
Point is, Alsace is part of France right now, so this counts as French food. You pretty much have to go regional to find a French food that isn't universally known or prohibitively expensive.
The World Cup country
France.
The food
Tarte flambée, which translates to “pie baked in flames.” Alsace borders Germany, and in German the dish is known by the more awesome name “flammkuchen,” or “flame cake.” It is pretty similar to pizza, in that it's a thin piece of dough covered with toppings — almost always including fromage blanc or creme fraiche, onions and small cubes of bacon.
This particular tarte flambée comes from a restaurant called Cafe D'Alsace that's around the block from my apartment and notably excellent for brunch. And it's tarte flambee munster, a variant of the dish made with munster cheese. I got mine takeout because dining there is more of a commitment than I was willing to undertake with a nine-month-old, so that's why it's shown here on my kitchen table.
Important background information
I've had tarte flambée before, but only in actual Alsace, and not in the last 15 years. I feel like there's some vague statute of limitations here, and 16 years is a long enough span to not eat something for it to count as a new food. Plus, the version I had in Strasbourg was the traditional variety, without the munster cheese featured here. Also, it came with a massive mound of sausages as part of one of the most unforgettable meals I've had in my life.
What it looks like
How it tastes
Like the sum of its parts, and since its parts are crust, caramelized onions, munster cheese and little bites of bacon, that is to say it's delicious.
This is a flavorful munster, and gooey, salty and melty, with its delightful cheese grease seeping over the more tart creme fraiche and onto the breading beneath.
The onions provide perhaps the most assertive flavor, a recognizable mix of sweetness and earthiness, powerful enough to make the whole thing — and I mean this as a compliment, I want to note — somewhat reminiscent of a White Castle burger, only if White Castle burgers were made from only top-notch stuff.
The bacon offers smokey little bursts of flavor and some crunch. I imagine this tarte flambée on the whole would be even better if it didn't steam a bit inside the takeout container on my walk home, but no matter. The leftovers proved plenty delicious for lunch the next day, which is today, as we speak, right now.
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in his mid-forties, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. He died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered his face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR his body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades. He is believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. He later said he was trying to bring his family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if he didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
$761 million was stolen from digital currency exchanges in the first six months of 2018
Theft of cryptocurrencies from exchanges soared in the first half of this year to three times the level seen for the whole of 2017, leading to a three-fold increase in associated money laundering, according to a report from U.S.-based cybersecurity firm CipherTrace released on Tuesday.
The report, which looks at the global anti-money laundering market, showed that in the first six months of the year a total of $761 million was stolen from digital currency exchanges, compared with about $266 million for the whole of 2017.
The losses could rise to $1.5 billion this year, estimated CipherTrace, which is launching a software to help exchanges and hedge funds that use or trade cryptocurrencies comply with anti-money laundering laws.
"Stolen cryptocurrencies are three times bigger this year than last year so the trend is obviously not our friend here," Dave Jevans, chief executive officer of CipherTrace, told Reuters in an interview.
Jevans is also the chairman of the Anti-Phishing Working Group, a global organisation that aims to help solve cybercrime.
He added that stolen virtual currencies end up being laundered to help criminals hide their true identities and avoid arrest, which has resulted in a three-fold rise in money laundering of cryptocurrencies.
The most recent theft from a cryptocurrency exchange was the $32 million in digital currencies stolen from South Korean exchange Bithumb.
The surge in cryptocurrency crime has attracted the attention of global regulators and law enforcement, Jevans said.
For instance, the report also cited concerns about rising criminal activity in the sector from the U.S. Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), which referred to cryptocurrency-denominated ransomware payments and research showing that $1.5 billion was stolen in hacks of exchanges over a two-year period.
Jevans said regulators around the world, global law enforcement and exchanges have been in continuous dialogue about what needs to happen in the cryptocurrency industry to prevent the surge in crime.
"Now we are seeing the big guys coming together asking for cryptocurrency anti-money laundering regulation - it is inevitable, it will be unified, and it will be global," he added.
Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Frances Kerry.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Starling video captured an impaired driver slamming into the back of a Louisiana State trooper on Saturday.
Louisiana State Police posted the “unsettling” video on its Facebook page Tuesday. The video shows the driver weaving through traffic, swerving into the grass and then into the back of the police vehicle.
Fox 8 Live reported that Tennessee resident Kyle Nadler caught the video of the driver moving through traffic lanes in a Dodge truck. Nadler called 911 to alert authorities about the truck.
The station reported Nadler and other driver positioned themselves on the highway to prevent anyone from getting too close to the truck.
The closest Louisiana state trooper positioned his vehicle off to the shoulder and as the truck approached it plowed into the vehicle.
The driver was later identified as Bradly Burch. Authorities suspect he was high on heroin at the time.
Burch was arrested for DWI, reckless operation, and driving with a suspended license. He was being held at Tangipahoa Parish Jail.
The trooper and Burch both suffered minor injuries.
One political strategist said: "It may just be that Facebook's way around all this is just 'pay us cash'."
When Mark Zuckerberg announced that he would change Facebook's News Feed algorithm to prioritise content produced by friends over posts by pages, it caused consternation in news organisations around the world as publishers tried to figure out the impact it would have on their readership.
But they were not the only ones to feel anxious about the social media giant's move. Britain's political parties, which over the last few general elections have increasingly used the world's largest social media network to target voters and spread their message, fear that the algorithm change could turn their online campaigning operations upside down. Tory and Labour digital strategists have told BuzzFeed News that their ability to reach millions of ordinary voters could be under threat as a result of Zuckerberg's tweak. Senior staff at both leading parties have raised concerns, with meetings arranged to discuss the issue. Craig Elder helped pioneer the large-scale use of paid-for targeted political Facebook advertising in the UK for the Tories in the 2015 general election, the first time in more than 20 years the party won a clear majority. He told BuzzFeed News that if Zuckerberg makes good on his promise to reduce the amount of professional content in the News Feed – meaning people are more likely to see a relative's holiday pictures than post by a politician or news outlet – it could force parties to adopt a strategy that requires them to spend millions of pounds buying targeted Facebook adverts. "If where we end up is that people with loads of money are the ones who'll get their particular views heard and everything else gets crushed, then we're pretty much back where we started," Elder said. In last year's snap election, Labour's Facebook strategy relied on reaching people for free with official content, something which benefited the party enormously.
But many of the online campaigning tactics that worked so well for Jeremy Corbyn's party during the 2017 election could be – if not broken – less effective than they were six months ago. Elder speculated: "Tories in 2015 would still work, Labour in 2017 probably not as much." This fear of Facebook forcing politicians to pay to spread their message is widespread among political digital strategists BuzzFeed News spoke to. "If you took an extreme case then Facebook could decide that it's just about people's friends, and adverts," said an individual at the pro-Corbyn campaign group Momentum. "There's no guarantee they won't do that." As another political strategist put it: "It may just be that Facebook's way around all this is just 'pay us cash'." The Conservatives are already desperately trying to catch up with Labour in the world of online campaigning: new party chairman Brandon Lewis has promised to arm activists with "graphics, GIFs, and videos", while the party's Instagram account no longer posts stern pictures of Michael Fallon.
Advertisement
However, the algorithm change raises the possibility that the Tories could be building a campaign team suitable to fight the last election but not the next one. "People are going to have to look at how to push information out," said Beth Wheatley, a former Tory digital director. "People got lazy. There's going to have to be a back-to-basics reexamining of the sort of content people were using."
The accepted narrative in Westminster around the 2017 general election is that Labour managed to outwit a technophobic Conservative party and circumvent a hostile national press thanks to clever viral videos that pushed a clear message tailored to social media, supported by a new set of left-wing media outlets that dominated the British public's Facebook News Feeds, and tactical advertising buys on services such as Snapchat.
Accepting this version of events allows you to conclude that Labour's online operations could have had a crucial impact in the 19 constituencies Labour won with majorities of fewer than a thousand votes, which in turn was enough to deprive Theresa May of a majority in the House of Commons. Facebook did not to respond to specific requests from BuzzFeed News for comment on how the updated algorithm will affect content produced by British politicians and parties, while a lack of reliable statistics means that measuring the impact of social media campaigning still relies heavily on guesswork and speculation. One individual who had a meeting with the company about the changes suggested that even Facebook's own UK staff weren't exactly sure how it would impact the ability to distribute political material. But the extent to which changes to the algorithm, a piece of code that effectively controls what tens of millions of Britons see when they open Facebook, concern political campaigners is extraordinary. "Political parties might find their advertising suddenly becomes much more expensive," said Wheatley, the former Conservative staffer. "The reason people adopted [Facebook advertising] is that it was much cheaper. The cost per interaction was incredibly low. If all of a sudden it becomes almost as expensive as knocking on a door or sending something through the mail, then there's going to be a look at which things are actually delivering."
One effect of the algorithm changes could be a return to smaller filter bubbles, where supporters of a particular party continue to see large amounts of political material that supports their worldview but it becomes less likely to seep out into the world of undecided voters and people who care little for politics on a day-to-day basis.
"My sense is that the core vanguard will stay as informed as it is before – the Labour supporter with lots of Labour supporters in their feed who still subscribes to lots of Jeremy Corbyn pages," said Alex Krasodomski-Jones, a researcher at the Demos Centre for the Analysis of Social Media, suggesting the changes could result in these tighter, smaller bubbles. "The question is what happens to the floating voter, the disinterested political middle, who doesn't have that same community and is more reliant on traditional sources of news to make decisions about their politics." Labour is aware of the risk that the Facebook changes could potentially damage its ability to reach floating voters. One idea circulated within the party is to have a WhatsApp group of leading activists who agree to share posts on their own Facebook profiles, in order to get content out there and circumvent any News Feed changes. "There could become a question where the seeding doesn't happen through one post by the Labour party, it happens by encouraging lots of independent posts to be created," said a campaigner. Another Labour campaigner said they hoped that their ability to reach voters can be saved by Facebook's decision to prioritise content that prompts lengthy discussion, saying: "Jeremy has huge numbers of comments on his stuff." A lot depends on to what extent Facebook follows through on its plan to downgrade the visibility of professional content in favour of content from friends. Elder, the former Conservative online campaigner, urged caution: "How much of this is real and how much of it is Zuckerberg feeling that he needs to get belatedly back in the game and tell a story about Facebook that isn't 'It's terrible for your mental health, it's destroyed politics, it's destroyed news, it just sells all your data to bad people who want to sell you things'?" Krasodomski-Jones speculated that the biggest damage could be to new pro-Corbyn viral news websites such as The Canary and Evolve Politics, which use "sensational, viral-style news" and rely almost entirely on Facebook for distribution. It was these outlets which helped push anti-Tory stories around fox-hunting and the ivory ban into the mainstream. Matt Turner, the deputy editor of Evolve Politics, insisted his site had yet to see a "tangible" change in traffic and hoped to bypass most of the Facebook changes due to its articles going viral in pro-Corbyn Facebook groups at first and then via individuals. "Time will tell, though," he added.
The algorithm change is already forcing political campaigners, like news publishers, to look elsewhere at other social networks, potentially ending an era where Facebook was the only way to get a truly mass online audience for political material.
Traditional news websites could become more important again, as could convincing people to visit official websites and download party-branded apps – one post on culture secretary Matt Hancock's inadvertently popular personal social networking app this week received more interactions than some of the posts on the official Tory party Facebook page. Another option is for national parties to produce templates for local content, which can then be pushed out a constituency level. Momentum, vaunted for its viral videos, is banking on its content being entertaining and engaging enough that it still goes viral on Facebook – even if it's on a smaller scale than before. There's also the question of whether Facebook delivers the voters that parties need, with younger voters more likely to be using services such as Snapchat. One Labour source said the party found it easier to reach voters aged 55 and over with Facebook adverts during the last general election than people aged 18 to 24, since the latter group were less likely to be active on the network. What's clear is that the enormous reach of politicians' own official Facebook pages which, along with millions of posts by individuals, helped upend politics during last year's general election, has not extended beyond the campaign. Data analysis provided to BuzzFeed News by Steve El-Sharawy of EzyInsights shows the enormous drop-off in interest in Facebook material produced by Corbyn, Labour, the Conservatives, and May following the general election.
While the social network turbocharged engagement during the contest, people are less minded to interact without a major national political event. El-Sharawy is also yet to pick up any major shift in how people interact with politicians following Facebook's announced changes: "Either there has not been any change put into action yet, or it's, well, not doing much." This is combined with concerns about the overall drop in time users are spending on Facebook. "The real interesting story is the stuff that came out on the amount of people using the platform," said a Labour campaigner. "A combination of this [algorithm] change and fewer people using it means fewer people are going to get their stuff seen." Meanwhile, new data protection regulations are set to make it even harder for political parties to harvest data. Parties have traditionally built up enormous mailing lists by encouraging people to sign petitions or take part in viral apps, such as when Labour asked people to calculate their NHS baby number. In the process they have harvested hundreds of thousands of email addresses from people who were not necessarily always noticing the small print that said they would be consenting to be bombarded with campaign material. New rules, due to come into force in the coming months, will now require people to actively opt in to the mailing lists – with the onus on the political parties to prove that this took place. The end effect is likely to be a substantial drop-off in the number of people willing to hand over their contact details to politicians. Despite all this, some things about social media have remained the same. El-Sharawy said his analysis of interactions with political material posted by British politicians showed that, despite the changes, there are still certain pieces of content that are guaranteed to do well. He said: "The only time Theresa May was more popular than Corbyn recently was when she posted a picture of a dog."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Jim Waterson is a politics editor for BuzzFeed News and is based in London. Contact Jim Waterson at jim.waterson@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
West End residents have called for traffic lights to be installed at a busy junction before another pedestrian is killed.
Locals said some residents living in sheltered housing near Blackness Road were “too scared” to cross the road to access the amenities near the junction with Ashbank Road.
In 2015, 89-year-old Catherine Gourlay was killed when she was hit by a car.
Residents now fear it could happen again. Irene Russell, 73, who lives in Abbotsford Street, said: “We'd urge for action to be taken — cars are flying down this street.
“The council needs to come out and re-evaluate the situation and have a crossing put in place.
“It wouldn't have surprised me if the lack of crossing had an impact on the retailer which recently shut down here because people are too terrified to cross.”
Helen Garland, 84, feared it wouldn't be long before there was another accident.
She said: “There are so many entry points you don't get a chance to cross.
“I've stopped using the bus and opted for a taxi coming directly to my door as it's safer.
“There are traffic lights further down the road but they aren't even visible from here. There should be something closer to make crossing the road safer for all age groups.”
Margaret Hubbard, 69, said resident Sheila Smith, 88, was nearly hit by a car last week — and had no idea how close she was.
She said: “There are cars parking illegally so that is making visibility to cross the street even more difficult.
“Sheila didn't have a clue and was shocked when I told her what had happened. A traffic light system would benefit everyone — something needs to be done.”
A Dundee City Council spokesman said: “We monitor the traffic movement in the area and will continue to do so.”
Caleb Nickerson
SHAWVILLE Sept. 29, 2017
This Friday past, students, history buffs and theatre enthusiasts alike descended upon the R.A. Hall in Shawville for a production in support of the local high school.
Entitled Women Vote Indirect, the play followed the lives of the women behind the scenes during Canada's Confederation, including Sir John A. Macdonald's fiancée, Agnes Bernard and George-Étienne Cartier's wife, Hortense.
This article is available only to subscribers to THE EQUITY (home delivery or online) who have registered for the News Alerts Service. If you have already registered for THE EQUITY's News Alerts Service, please log in here. If you wish to register for the News Alerts Service, you may register below. (For online subscribers please use the same email address used for your online subscription.)
Just in time for spring break, beer truck crashes on highway CRESTVIEW, Fla. — Spring break is underway and the beer is already flowing — onto a Florida interstate highway. Okaloosa County Sheriff's officials said on Facebook Wednesday that a tractor-trailer...
German Olympians drinking non-alcoholic beer like it's Gatorade Germany's Olympians don't reach for sports drinks after an especially grueling workout — or at least not any sports drink Americans are familiar with. According to Johannes Scherr, the doctor...
North Korea boasts its new ale is 'better than existing beer' Things are hopping in the hermit kingdom, where pint-sized despot and beer aficionado Kim Jong-un now has a new ale on tap, according to a report. A North Korean...
Good luck, Philly: Bud Light is giving away free beer at Eagles parade Bud Light announced Monday it will make good on a promise to give away free beer along the Eagles' parade route — a day after fans wreaked havoc on the...
Beer hall hotspot opening fourth location Clinton Hall, the gastropub with the supersize games and outrageous dishes, is opening a fourth location. The hotspot, from Lure Group in partnership with the Pod 51 Hotel, will open...
The 'King of Beers' is quickly losing popularity So much for being the “King of Beers.” In another Clydesdale-size kick in its can, Budweiser is no longer among the top three best-selling beer brands in America, according to...
Beer thieves lead police on high-speed chase from NY to Vermont FAIR HAVEN, Vt. — Vermont police say a high-speed chase involving stolen bottles of beer being thrown at police cars has ended with the arrest of the driver. Police in...
Man allegedly stole police car for beer run A beer-craving barefooted man hopped into an unattended police car in Sacramento to go buy a cold one, according to reports. Zachary Samaha, 22, allegedly swiped the patrol car on...
Astronomers get glimpse of dawn of universe 13.6 billion years ago WASHINGTON — After the Big Bang, it was cold and black. And then there was light. Now, for the first time, astronomers have glimpsed that dawn of the universe 13.6...
Everything we knew about the Big Bang could be wrong The Big Bang theory has been the most widely accepted explanation about how our universe all began — but now experts are challenging the theory. Brazilian physicist Juliano Cesar Silva...
This is the furthest back in time we've ever seen WASHINGTON — Astronomers say they have discovered a hot, star-popping galaxy that is far, far away — farther than any previously detected, from a time when the universe was a...
Scientists recreate first spark of life on Earth WASHINGTON — Scientists in a lab used a powerful laser to re-create what might have been the original spark of life on Earth. The researchers zapped clay and a chemical...
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — The suspect in custody after what New York City officials called an “attempted terrorist attack” near Times Square this morning has made statements indicating he supports ISIS, according to a source.
Akayed Ullah, 27, was badly injured in the arm and torso from the explosion that went off in his arms, sources said. He is alert and conscious and was taken to a hospital, sources said.
Ullah, originally from Bangladesh, has been in the United States for seven years and has an address in Brooklyn, sources said.
Authorities called the explosive an “improvised low-tech explosive device” that was held on the suspect with Velcro and zip ties.
The explosive detonated at about 7:20 a.m. in a subway passageway between Times Square and the Port Authority Bus Terminal. New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said hearing of a bomb in the subway is “one of our worst nightmares.”
Three people were injured, but none of their wounds appear to be life-threatening, the FDNY said.
The FBI is now searching several Brooklyn locations.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Wike wants true federalism
Gov. Nyesom Wike of Rivers in Port Harcourt on Tuesday called for true federalism in Nigeria to enable each part of the country to develop according to its ability.
The governor made the call when he hosted the U.S. Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr William Symington, the governor's Special Assistant on Electronic Media, Mr Simeon Nwakaudu, said in a statement.
He explained that Rivers people wanted true federalism because they wanted a country where all the federating units were allowed to develop according to their resources.
Wike said that the demand for true federalism meant that Rivers people believed in one united Nigeria, where no section was denied the control of its own resources.
He urged the U.S. Government to set up a visa office in Port Harcourt to cater to the South-South and the Southeast geo-political zones.
“We are clamouring for true federalism, when you talk of true federalism, they think you don't want to be part of the country.
‘' We talk about true federalism as practised in America, a true presidential system where all the federating units will be allowed to enjoy their resources and contribute to the centre, ‘' Wike said.
He said the people believed that there must be a country called Nigeria in which everyone would work together to achieve unity and progress.
The governor said Rivers people sought to be treated with equity, fairness and justice.
He said that the right framework should be established to ensure that all the states excelled at their own pace.
Wike said that the visa office would be in the spirit of equity and justice as the Abuja office served the North, while the Lagos office served the South-West.
He said Rivers was safe for investments and promised that his administration would partner investors to enable them to benefit from their investments.
“Forget about the media propaganda, this state is an opposition state, therefore don't expect them to say it is the best.
‘'But we are the best state, we are doing everything to ensure that investors do profitable business under the ambit of the law,” the governor said.
The ambassador commended Nigerians for their unity and added: “Nigeria will be great and I expect a superpower and a super partner. ”
The post Wike wants true federalism appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA CEO Bjørn Kjos commented (05-Oct-2017) on the strong passenger growth in Sep-2017 stating: "The demand is good and stable in Scandinavia, and the growth is the highest on our intercontinental routes". The carrier reported 14% year-on-year increase in passenger numbers with RPK increasing by 29% and ASK increasing by 28%. Mr Kjos added: "Global expansion is important to position ourselves in a market with such strong competition, but also for creating economic value in the markets we operate". [more - original PR]
If you're ever looking for examples of hope triumphing over experience, look no further than the emerging-market economies.
Even as the Federal Reserve tightens U.S. monetary policy, both investors and policymakers in those economies seem to be in denial about the likely fallout, clinging to the hope that somehow the impact of this round of global liquidity tightening will be less disastrous than earlier such rounds.
Indications abound of emerging-market investors' positive frame of mind. The interest rate spread of emerging-market corporate bonds over U.S. Treasuries is close to its record low. Despite some recent widening, emerging-market sovereign debt spreads still remain low by historic standards. Meanwhile, investors keep oversubscribing to debt issues by very weak emerging-market credits like Iraq, Kenya, Mongolia and Tajikistan.
For their part, emerging-market policymakers seem to be making few preparations for a rainy day. Instead of using the good times to reduce government debt levels, they keep taking advantage of the favorable global liquidity conditions to tap the market. The International Monetary Fund estimates that emerging-market sovereign debt levels in relation to GDP have now reached levels last seen during the 1980s emerging-market debt crisis.
At the same time, emerging-market policymakers have done little to rein in the major borrowing spree on which their corporates have been embarked. This has been the case even though those corporates have almost trebled their debt since 2008.
Previous Fed tightening cycles have not been happy ones for the emerging-market economies. Rising interest rates in the U.S. have generally resulted in the large-scale repatriation of capital that flowed to the emerging markets when U.S. rates were low. In turn, such sudden stops in capital flows have tended to cause serious financial market strain and acute balance of payments pressure for those emerging-market economies.
Despite their experience with previous global liquidity tightening cycles, both emerging-market investors and policymakers seem to be pinning their current hopes on stronger emerging-market fundamentals. They seem to be counting on emerging markets being more resilient than they were before to conditions of reduced global liquidity.
Yet in so doing, investors and policymakers are turning a blind eye not just to high levels of emerging-market sovereign and corporate indebtedness, but to the large imbalances and political challenges in some of the largest emerging-market economies. They also seem oblivious to the out-sized role of emerging markets with very low credit ratings -- Brazil and Turkey, for instance -- in the borrowing binge.
Among the major developments that emerging-market investors have largely seen fit to ignore:
Brazil's public finances remain on an unsustainable path at a time when it faces a contentious presidential election in October.
In Mexico, left-leaning populist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador is on course to win the July presidential election, potentially putting Mexico on a collision course with the United States and undermining the country's energy sector reforms.
China is experiencing a credit bubble of epic proportions even as it risks drifting into a trade war with the United States.
Turkey could face a full-scale currency crisis as President Erdoğan feverishly primes the economy ahead of forthcoming parliamentary elections.
The Fed will very likely soon need to increase interest rates at a faster pace than planned in order to prevent the U.S. economy from overheating. Consider, for instance, the still very easy U.S. financial conditions and the expansionary stance of fiscal policy at this late stage in the economic cycle.
Should the Fed indeed tighten more quickly, we won't have to wait long to see if emerging markets fare better with global liquidity tightening than they did before. Judging by the emerging markets' presently high debt levels and their deteriorating economic and political fundamentals, I wouldn't want to bet the house on the notion that this time will be different.
This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.
Best Ways To Spend New Years Day With Your Family In MinnesotaIt's tempting to stay in and chill the day after celebrating New Year's Eve. However, if staying at home is not your idea of starting the New Year, there are enough local family activities on New Year's Day.
The third-ranking Senate Republican said Tuesday that Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt has to address ethics questions, which he suggested are making it difficult for the EPA chief to do his job.
“Obviously, Scott Pruitt has got some serious questions to answer,” Senator John Thune of South Dakota told reporters at the Capitol. “So we'll see where that goes. But I think that's being looked at, not just by the administration but also up here” in the Senate.
Thune said many members of Congress, particularly Republicans “like, on a policy level, many of the things that Administrator Pruitt is doing.” But on questions about Pruitt's spending and travel, “obviously it's hard to explain that away. He's going to have to do it."
Thune's remarks indicate a crack in support for Pruitt among Republican leaders. They come amid scrutiny of Pruitt's unorthodox $50-per-night rental of a Capitol Hill bedroom from a lobbyist's wife, frequent travel to his home state of Oklahoma and questionable spending decisions at the EPA.
Senator Jim Inhofe, an Oklahoma Republican who until recently had been one of Pruitt's staunchest defenders, told reporters Tuesday he had become concerned about some of the recent allegations against the administrator.
“If they are all accurate, I would be very disturbed,” Inhofe said. Asked if Pruitt should step down if the allegations are true, Inhofe said it "depends on which ones we are talking about."
Thune said the steady stream of revelations creates “a drip, drip out there, and that makes it harder to be effective in his job.”
He wouldn't say if Pruitt should stay in his job or step down.
Democrats in Congress have been calling for Pruitt's ouster and are likely to highlight the controversies surrounding him and other members of President Donald Trump's cabinet as they campaign ahead of November congressional elections. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California accused the Trump administration of fostering a "culture of corruption."
— With assistance by Jennifer A Dlouhy
Antonio Tarver normally serves as the broadcast analyst for boxing on Spike TV. But Friday night he will be in the ring at Prudential Center in Newark, putting his fists,...
Residential developers get floor-area bonuses for including “affordable” apartments and for providing certain public amenities such as plazas — so why not also for arts and cultural facilities?
That's a proposal by Charles S. Cohen, who just reopened the modernized Quad Cinema on West 13th Street to widespread cheers. As a major landlord who's also an active film producer and distributor, he's interested in bringing art-house movie venues, live theater and dance and related activities to neighborhoods lacking them.
Noting that arts institutions are “hard-pressed to find space” due to the same cost pressures that have driven out many small stores and restaurants, Cohen proposes zoning changes to allow residential developers to build more apartments — in exchange for making arts space available for free in the same building.
He said the situation is so dire that, “Lots of art cinemas around the country are resorting to a nonprofit form of operating, having to rely on personal donations from those who want to support them.”
So, he suggests, “Why not have the Department of City Planning incentivize creation of cultural amenities in areas where there's demand for them?” He said that while the Planning Department would set the basic zoning framework, the Department of Cultural Affairs could be involved in vetting specific arts uses at a given location.
A golfer shooting four rounds in the 60s on one of the PGA Tour's most venerable courses and holding off a former World No. 1 -- that used to be a sufficiently impressive feat by a professional golfer. But did he hit any shots passed from a speeding Mustang? Did he juggle any balls into a funnel, then blast it out of mid-air? Was there ever a giant margarita glass involved?
When it comes to Wesley Bryan, there is a whole roster of eye-opening highlights to go with last season's three wins on the Web.com Tour and Sunday's first-ever PGA Tour win at the RBC Heritage. In fact, before Bryan was a rising star on tour, he was one half of the dynamic Bryan Bros duo that starred in Golf Digest's "Epic Trick Shots Series" that showcased Wesley and brother George's insanse hand-eye coordination and quirky senses of humor.
On the occasion of his big win at Harbour Town Golf Links, we've compiled our favorite videos from that series, all of which make a simple succession of driver-wedge approach-birdie putt seem rather pedestrian by comparison.
For instance, there was that time Wesley hit balls out of a speeding Mustang.
Or the time he wedges a football 65 yards through a goal post.
He and George concocted a scenario, alongside Blair O'Neal, when they hit a ball off two concrete slabs and then out of mid-air.
And there was another one in which they sent a ball through a funnel.
And with O'Neal again, there was the whole margarita glass idea.
The whole series is quite impressive so you should check it out. Hopefully we'll do more in the future, but the way things are going for Wesley, he might be a little busy.
For runners, there's nothing like pursuing a challenging and elusive Boston Marathon qualifying time. Running fast enough to earn an entrance into the most prestigious 26.2-mile race of all time is a goal many will never achieve.
So nothing is quite as offensive as finding out that others could have cheated to earn their spot in the famed race. Derek Murphy, 46-year-old a business analyst and suburban dad in Ohio, is working to keep runners around the country — and world — honest.
Depending on their age group, runners need to get a BQ — short for Boston qualifier — at a previous marathon. Those who run faster than the limit for their age earn entrance into Boston and can then register for the marathon (there are a small amount of charity bibs available, for which no qualifying time is required). Murphy and his network of race sleuths on blog Marathon Investigation identified 15 people who had gained entrance into Boston this year that had no place there, he said.
Eight of those runners cut the course in their qualifying race and seven who didn't run the previous race themselves but used a “bib mule,” or someone else who carried their bib and ran fast enough to qualify them. Murphy finds the cheaters by identifying people whose race splits are impossibly fast, have run the qualifying race much faster than any of their previous times, or missed crossing any of the electronic data checkpoints. (Along the race course, runners cross finish-line like pads to mark their splits at particular course milestones, like a 5k and the 13.1 halfway point.) These and other irregularities help Murphy scrutinize the results of runners who may not belong in Boston.
He posted a warning last week that if there were others who had cheated to earn their spot, they likely wouldn't be able to hide it from him.
“My advice to those that are planning to run Boston next week that didn't earn the honor – Don't do it,” Murphy wrote on his blog. “You didn't earn the right to wear that bib. There is a very good chance that you will be identified..if you haven't been already.”
Murphy, who started the blog in 2015, said he has run 10 marathons.
“I've never been close to qualifying for Boston, but I can appreciate how much hard work goes into that,” Murphy told the Boston Globe. “So, people taking shortcuts rubs me the wrong way.”
He also discourages runners from selling their bib, which is an illegal practice in many road races. Race directors prohibit allowing someone else to run as you because for safety reasons they need to know exactly who is on the course, and ensure that they have accurate emergency contact information for all participants in case something happens. If someone is running the race but is using the registration of someone else, race personnel can't accurately identify everyone.
Although he's not officially affiliated with Boston, Murphy's work helps the Boston Athletic Association, which puts on the marathon, identify cheaters it wouldn't otherwise have the time to find and disqualify.
“We'll have some people every year who'll behave in a way that they shouldn't,” Boston Athletic Association executive director Tom Grilk told the Boston Globe. “But from what we can tell, the number of people who misbehave is very, very small. There's an honesty rate that the Internal Revenue Service would love to see.”
Aragon Cafe. (Photo: Special to The Bacon)
As downtown Pensacola continues to grow, new establishments are developing as quickly as you can say “I love the gulf coast." The Aragon Café located at 47 N. Ninth Ave., is one of these upcoming hot spots and it has found a home in a prime location. Their official ribbon cutting grand opening was celebrated Dec. 9.
This isn't your typical café, though. Sure, it's located in a beautiful brick building with unique architecture inside and out, is near a growing community with simple, but elegant and inviting décor and ambiance that serves tea, coffee, wine, bottled beer, desserts and southern flavors inspired by an outdoor smoker, but there is also a barbershop and salon in the same building. What started as a barbershop idea by owners Alice and Doug Campbell of The Penthouse Salon & Day Spa, transformed into a salon and café.
In partnership with Aragon Wine Market, any receipt and wine purchased within 24 hours may be enjoyed for a $5 corking fee. But all the wines on the menu were curated by Aragon Wine Market to pair to the food perfectly. Happy hour will also be daily from 5-6 p.m. with $1 off beers. A sangria menu is also in development. The breakfast menu can also be enjoyed until 5 p.m. every day except Sunday's when they are closed.
With the adaptation of a Reverse Osmosis Water Filtration System, Aragon Café has access to clean and efficient water, which runs to their coffee and tea brewers. Locals De Luna Coffee Company provides their coffee, Pig Naughty Sauces their BBQ sauces, and all their bread products come from Bread of Life Bake Shop.
“We are trying to keep it as local as we can. The bread was really important to us because we wanted to do something where we could have it fresh,“ said general manager Nick Stearns.
Fully staffed, the barbershop has four chairs and the salon has three stations with each business operating with individual licenses so neither interrupts the other, but each can be enjoyed by all guests. Stearns was recently contacted by a former mayor of Aragon, GA, who has provided him with pictures, sheet music, and additional memorabilia of Aragon in the 1930s that he is looking forward to utilizing.
One way he plans to do so is by having live music perform the sheet music discovered. This stylistically modest atmosphere is perfect for an acoustic set and sitting in the dining space it's easy to imagine blues echoing off the brick walls. Aragon Café wanted to build upon the strong and colorful community it is located in, which is where the name originates. This unique and upcoming New Orleans-esq vibe offers more than a tranquil dining experience with their twist on southern taste, hospitality, and haircuts.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/life/light-side/bacon/2017/12/11/aragon-cafe-sets-roots-downtown/941750001/
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Pools across Indianapolis are now open for the season, but you may have noticed some pools are closed more days than others during the week.
Indy Parks and Recreation takes a lot of things into consideration when putting together the summer schedule, such as lifeguards and attendance.
The city had a shortage of lifeguards in May. With a recent push to hire more, they are now short about 14 lifeguards, according to an Indy Parks spokesperson.
Many families tried to stay cool Wednesday by spending time at the pool at Broad Ripple Park. Jasmine Bosley came to the pool with her husband and two boys.
“Very hot which made it kind of tiring, came to the pool to kind off blow off steam, to refresh, and cool off,” she said.
Bosley's husband said this was his first time at this particular pool.
“I actually have never been here before, my wife has. First time here,” said Alexander Bosley. “Seems (like a) pretty laid back environment and everything so it's pretty cool. I like it.”
Both parents are trying to teach their kids how to swim. While adults and kids are enjoying the water, lifeguards are on duty.
“Being a lifeguard, yes you do sit and you do watch the pool but it's a lot more serious than that,” said Sam Downton.
Downton is a certified lifeguard.
“I think a lot of people don't give it that much credit because, yes we are sitting in a chair, but at the same time when you do have to get out of the chair you are technically a first responder,” she explained. “You're responsible for everyone's life at the pool.”
She said she saved seven people last season.
“I don't think any amount of training can prepare you for what it's like because you can't panic and you can't freak out. You have to be the one they can go to because that's your job,” Downton said.
The city currently has 279 lifeguards on duty and that number is up compared to 269 last year. 24-Hour News 8 learned each pool, depending on the size will have anywhere from four to 12 lifeguards.
“We don't have enough lifeguards to stay open all day, every week,” Downton said.
Indy Parks and Recreation operates 18 pools across the city, 11 of which have some type of closure every week. The pool at Broad Ripple Park is closed every Monday.
“We have to look at the attendance levels. We kind of talk to the staff members and see, how did this pool do last year to kind of project what we think it's going to do this year, and that's how we base the closures,” said Ronnetta Spalding.
Spalding is the spokesperson for Indy Parks. She said they are doing their best.
“We are kind of working within our means with the available lifeguards and again just doing everything that we can to keep those doors open,” Spalding said. “We're excited to kick off the summer and we hope the people will keep coming by.”
Meanwhile, the city is also offering free admissions to pools, weight rooms, and waived entry fees to Eagle Creek and the Garfield Park Conservatory for one day only on July 8th.
Click here for the Indy Parks Spray Ground Schedule.
Click here for the Indy Parks Pool Schedule.
A young boy riding his bicycle died when he was hit by a box truck in New Jersey Tuesday, law enforcement sources say. Chopper 4 footage from over the scene shows police responding.
1 Dead After Being Hit By Truck in NJ: Police
A young boy riding his bicycle was struck and killed by a large box truck in New Jersey Tuesday afternoon, law enforcement sources familiar with the investigation tell News 4.
Neither the name nor exact age of the child has been released; the circumstances surrounding the 1:40 p.m. accident near Lanza and Pleasant avenues in Garfield remain under investigation.
Chopper 4 over the scene showed a large box truck pulled to the side of the road, caution tape circling it and blocking off the area immediately behind, where officers huddled around a vast blue tent.
At least a half-dozen law enforcement vehicles were at the scene. Traffic closures and detours were expected in the area as authorities investigated.
Getty
Justin Bieber's newest girlfriend is model and actress Paola Paulin. The 23-year-old pop star was seen with the 26-year-old actress late last month during a church service and were seen together again on October 4.
Paulin was born in Mexico, but raised in Colombia. She has worked as a model and TV host. In 2015, she landed a two-episode role on the HBO series Ballers with Dwayne Johnson.
You can follow Paulin on Twitter and Instagram. She also has a Facebook page.
Here's what you need to know about Paulin and her relationship with Bieber.
1. Bieber & Paulin Were First Seen Together on a Church Date in September
Feeling blessed to do what I love for a living 🎥❤️🙌… Que afortunada me siento de trabajar en lo que amo 🎥❤️🙌 A post shared by Paola Paulin (@paola_paulin) on Sep 28, 2017 at 9:55am PDT
Paulin and Bieber were first seen together publicly at a church in Beverly Hills on Wednesday, September 27. They were photographed leaving the church together, with Bieber wearing a jacket that read “fear of god” on the back.
“They met earlier in the day and he insisted she go to church with him,” a source told Us Weekly. “After church, there were paparazzi outside so they snuck away from them and had an intimate, private date.”
Bieber and Paulin met up again on Wednesday, October 4, People Magazine reported. They had a date at the Chateau Marmont.
Maliciosa! A post shared by Paola Paulin (@paola_paulin) on Aug 19, 2017 at 2:27am PDT
“He was with her at Chateau and told people the next day she was ‘hot as s***,'” a source told People.
“They're totally smitten with each other,” another source told Us Weekly.
E! News reports that they are not “exclusively dating.”
2. Bieber's Pastor Carl Lentz Reportedly Approves of Him Dating Paulin
Sundays ☀️..📷 @marioalzatee 👌 . Shoutout to my trainer 💪 @armobrah A post shared by Paola Paulin (@paola_paulin) on Sep 24, 2017 at 8:15pm PDT
Bieber's relationship with Hillsong Church pastor Carl Lentz gained attention after the singer suddenly cancelled the last dates of his Purpose tour.
The U.K. Sun claims that Lentz “screened” Paulin before their relationship began. Thankfully for The Biebs, he approves of them dating.
“Justin does not make a move without consulting [Carl],” a source told the Sun. “Carl wants to help Justin rebuild his life in a solid way and the woman he is with – his romantic partner – has a big influence on him.”
The source told the tabloid that Bieber will now not date anyone if she doesn't embrace Hillsong and Lenz “entirely.”
3. She Speaks English, French & Spanish & Has a Degree in International Business Management
Finished work ✔️ headed to business meetings ✔️ ready to enjoy Friday ☯️. Be the best version of yourself ❤️. Todo el día trabajo, trabajo y agradecida con Dios, recuerden siempre ser su mejor versión ❤️ A post shared by Paola Paulin (@paola_paulin) on Sep 15, 2017 at 6:54pm PDT
Paulin was born in Mexico and raised in Medellin, Colomiba. According to Haute Living, she also speaks English, French and Spanish. She graduated from Pontifical Bolivarian University with a degree in International Business Management.
After working for ProColombia, the Colombian Government Trade Bureau, she moved to Miami and started a modeling and acting career in 2012. She is represented by Elite Modeling Management.
In her interview with Haute Living, she described the perfect place for a romantic date: “Yamashiro Hollywood because is the best view of Hollywood,perfect to go with someone that makes you laugh and tell you some beautiful words.”
She added that she's been based in Los Angeles full-time since May 2016.
4. Paulin Is Set to Star in a Movie About Mexican Filmmaker Emilio ‘El Indio' Fernández
Despertándome @judybswim 💕 A post shared by Paola Paulin (@paola_paulin) on Sep 7, 2017 at 8:10pm PDT
Paulin is hoping to follow up her appearance on Ballers with a role in a biopic about Emilio ‘El Indio' Fernandez, the legendary Mexican filmmaker. Haute Living reports that she was cast to play the late Delores Del Rio, one of the first Latin stars in Hollywood.
Paulin recently posted on Instagram that she was also working on a project with stunt coordinator Arnold Chon. Chon has worked on over 100 movies and TV shows, including the Pirates of the Caribbean movies and Marvel's upcoming Ant-Man and the Wasp.
After a long day on set playing with the green screen! 🎥. Had the pleasure to work with @arnoldchon one of the best stunt strainers 👌👊. 📷 @chrisjaialex. Después de estar todo el día en el set !🎥 termino el día trabajando con uno de los mejores entrenadores para stunt #arnoldchon A post shared by Paola Paulin (@paola_paulin) on Sep 25, 2017 at 11:09pm PDT
According to her IMDb profile, Paulin has also appeared in campaigns for L'Oréal, Bon-Ton, Kohl's and Sketchers. She also appeared in Nassau Paradise Island Tourism Board advertising. She has also done voice work for South Park.
5. Bieber Was Rumored to Be Dating Hailee Steinfeld Earlier This Year, but She Said They Are Friends
Working on set all day 🎥..but not complaining about the rob life at all 🖤… Les cuento que hoy trabaje todo el día en el set .. pero no me choca estar andando en bata por ahí 😜 A post shared by Paola Paulin (@paola_paulin) on Aug 25, 2017 at 8:54pm PDT
Bieber has been linked to various models and actresses over the years, most notably Selena Gomez. However, it's been awhile since he's dated anyone publicly for a long period of time.
Back in May, TMZ claimed he was dating actress Hailee Steinfeld. She later shot that down in a radio interview, noting that they've been friends for years.
The singer was also linked to Brazilian model Gabriella Lenzi, after it looked like she was with Bieber in an Instagram photo in July.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska — Two avalanches have stranded about 10 people at a lodge outside an Alaska state park.
Anchorage television station KTVA reports avalanches Monday morning blocked the road leading to Hatcher Pass.
Hatcher Pass Lodge operator Hap Wurlitzer says the lodge has seven guests and is prepared with plenty of food and fuel.
Alaska Department of Transportation spokeswoman Shannon McCarthy says snow from the lower avalanche covered 100 feet (30.5 metres) of road with 4-6 feet (1.2-1.8 metres) of snow.
She says plows could not start clearing work immediately because of continued avalanche danger.
The department says the road closure is expected to last at least 24 hours.
The Hatcher Pass Avalanche Center says 11 inches (28 centimetres) of new snow fell overnight and more snow was expected Monday.
——
Information from: KTVA-TV, http://www.ktva.com
Tennessee Highway Patrol spokesperson Travis Plotzer said the wreck happened just south of the Interstate 40 intersection at about 9 p.m. and involved a tractor-trailer and a passenger vehicle. A person died in the passenger vehicle.
Plotzer said THP's critical incident response team was on its way to the scene to assist in the investigation. It's unknown when Highway 109 will be reopened for traffic.
Bonnie Baha, the portfolio manager at Jeffrey Gundlach's DoubleLine Capital who died tragically in 2016, is being honored with a scholarship for women pursuing careers in finance.
In its inaugural year, the Bonnie Baha Memorial Scholarship Fund will award $10,000 to at least one woman enrolled in the master's program at the University of Southern California's Marshall School of Business. There are plans to expand to other schools.
A trailblazer in a male-dominated industry, Baha is also fondly remembered for incorporating a “family first” spirit among her colleagues — provided work was done and the quality was good, Monica Erickson, portfolio manager at DoubleLine, told The Post.
The flexibility Baha offered gave many female employees the “ability to stay in the game,” Erickson said, noting how many women drop out of finance careers.
She led the global development credit group at DoubleLine until she was killed by a car while walking with her family in Charlottesville, Va., in August 2016. She was 56.
“My mother was great at adding value to someone else's life with her knowledge and time,” Bonnie's daughter, Miriam Baha, told The Post. “I don't know how she made it everywhere on time and with a smile.”
(NBC NEWS) A West Virginia couple is welcoming their new identical triplets.
“God's been right there every step of the way,” said Brianna Walls, who says she never thought this would happen.
- Advertisement -
Walls gave birth to three girls — Kenadie Faith, Teagen Grace, and Raelynn Hope — on February 23 at Cabell-Huntington Hospital.
She remembers the day she got the surprising ultrasound.
“She started counting and she was like, ‘1, 2, 3,' and I was like, ‘What are you counting?'” said Walls. “She was like, ‘Heartbeats.'”
They were even more shocked when the babies were born and were identical.
“It's exceedingly rare,” said Dr. Cynthia Massey at Cabell-Huntington Hospital. “I don't think any of us have ever seen triplets that are identical before.”
She says the chances of having identical triplets are about 0.00048% or 1 in 200,000.
Read more: http://bit.ly/2pqtXg8
A Colorado toddler, who was the subject of an Amber Alert, died hours after he was found, police said Sunday.
Nain Dominguez, 2, was discovered at around 7:18 a.m. and was taken to a hospital in life-threatening condition, Fox 31 Denver reported.
El Paso County Sheriff's Office said later he had died despite medical intervention.
It wasn't clear whether foul play was suspected in the toddler's death. Authorities were still trying to piece together the events leading up to the boy's disappearance. Police didn't reveal what the boy's injuries were before he was taken to the hospital.
An Amber Alert was activated Saturday at around 5:40 p.m., according to KRDO-TV. The boy was seen playing with an older sibling in Colorado Springs before disappearing, Fox 31 Denver reported.
The El Paso County Sheriff's Office initially said they were searching for a white van in connection to the boy's disappearance, but called off the search after the boy was found.
Nervous fliers may have more bumpy rides to worry about in the years to come. A new study published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, found climate change could cause up to three times as much clear-air turbulence (CAT) between 2050 and 2080.
CAT is caused when a mass of air moving at a certain speed meets another mass of air moving at a different speed. It's typically created by factors like atmospheric pressure, jet streams, air around mountains, cold or warm weather fronts or thunderstorms.
This type of turbulence is known to induce a lot of fear and discomfort as it can be unexpected and occur without any kind of visual warning like clouds or a thunderstorm.
“When you hit CAT it can literally break pieces off an airplane, it can be that strong—and it comes out of nowhere, we don't know what conditions we're going to see it in,” Rob Mark, a commercial pilot and publisher of JetWhine.com told Fox News.
Study authors are blaming global warming for the rise in turbulence, saying universal temperature changes are strengthening wind instabilities at high altitudes in the jet streams, which can cause pockets of rough air to become more strong and common.
Researchers at the University of Reading in England used mathematical models to forecast the long-term conditions. For a flight cruising at a typical altitude of 39,000 feet, the study predicted severe turbulence to increase by 110 percent in flights traveling over North America; 180 percent over the North Atlantic; and 160 percent over Europe.
Approximately 58 fliers are injured by turbulence each year, according to the Federal Aviation Administration.
“It happens so quickly and the force so strong that you can't do anything about it,” Mark said. “It's why flight attendants are frequently hurt because they're the ones walking around when the seatbelt signs are on.”
In August, a Philadelphia-bound American Airlines flight hit severe turbulence and injured 10 passengers. Alex Ehmke, a passenger on the flight said he saw people hit the ceiling and drinks flying everywhere.
“There really wasn't any warning at all, I think that's what caught so many people off guard is there was just very slight turbulence for about five seconds and then suddenly it felt like the whole plane was in free fall,” Ehmke said.
Experts say the study highlights the need to develop better turbulence forecasts and flight planning.
“The science has got to be more accurate about letting pilots know where this turbulence is and aircraft need to be built to resist the turbulence,” Bob Francis, a former NTSB Vice Chairman told Fox News.
Chris Jackson/Getty Images(LONDON) — Just a day after Prince Harry revealed personal details about how he struggled with his mother's death, his brother Prince William and Lady Gaga released a video on Facebook calling for an open conversation about dealing with emotional trauma.
The video was streamed live on Facebook with the pop star and Prince William encouraging young people to feel safe confronting their challenges and expressing themselves when they feel overwhelmed.
Prince William and Lady Gaga said that it was vital to work together so they could help shatter the taboo surrounding mental illness.
“It's okay to have this conversation, it's really important to have this conversation, you won't be judged – it's so important to break open that fear and taboo which is only going to lead to more problems down the line,” Prince William said in the video.
“Yes, it can make a huge difference,” Lady Gaga agreed. “I feel like we are not hiding any more we're starting to talk and that's what we need to do.”
The two spoke over FaceTime from their respective homes in London and Malibu. William sat in his study at Kensington Palace while Lady Gaga joined from her kitchen in California.
Thanks to Prince William & @heads_together for inviting me to join this important conversation around mental health awareness #oktosay pic.twitter.com/w4RYmw7Llj — xoxo, Joanne (@ladygaga) April 18, 2017
Lady Gaga opened up in the candid conversation with Prince William about her fears when she had to address her own mental illness. “It made me very nervous at first. For me waking up every day and feeling sad and going on stage is something that is very hard to describe. There's a lot of shame attached to mental illness.
“You feel like something is wrong with you,” she told Prince William. “But it was like saying this is a part of me and that's OK.”
Prince William, his wife Catherine the Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry have all participated in an effort to make it easier for young people to speak about their mental health concerns through their Heads Together campaign.
The Duke of Cambridge and @LadyGaga join forces to encourage more people to speak openly about their mental health #OKtosay pic.twitter.com/kCuQyS3Svn — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) April 18, 2017
Lady Gaga brings her own experience working as a mental health advocate.
Last December, she penned an open letter through her Born this Way foundation that she suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) as a result of a rape at age 19. Prince William was struck by her message and reached out to the pop star to see if she would get involved in their efforts.
“We have to make the strongest, most relentless attempt we can to normalize mental health issues, so that people feel like they can come forward,” Lady Gaga said in the video, which released on the Royal Family's Facebook page.
The multi-platinum recording artist revealed how difficult yet therapeutic it was when she finally addressed her own challenges with PTSD.
“Even though it was hard it was the best thing that could come out of my mental illness was to share it with other people and let you know our generation as well as other generations know that if you are feeling not well in your mind that you are not alone and that people that you would think would never have a problem do,” she said.
In addition to the Facebook discussion with Lady Gaga, Prince William and Prince Harry also participated in an interview with Calmzine magazine in which Prince William called for a society where children and adults felt free to discuss their feelings and not bottle things up.
“If you don't acknowledge how you feel it will only bottle up, and could reassert itself later than illness,” Prince William told the magazine.
Published by the charity CALM, Calmzine hopes to tackle issues surrounding men's mental health. CALM, an acronym whose letters stand for “Campaign against living miserably,” is a charity partner in Prince William's Heads Together campaign and focuses on preventing suicide in young men.
“Sometimes, emotions have to be put to one side to get the job done, but if you have been through an especially traumatic or stressful situation it is essential to talk it through after the event,” Prince William said.
“Catherine and I are clear that we want both George and Charlotte to grow up feeling able to talk about their emotions and feelings,” Prince William told Calmzine. Prince Harry also told the magazine, “We will all go through tough times in our lives, but men especially feel the need to pretend that everything is OK, and that admitting this to their friends will make them appear weak.”
“There may be a time and a place for the ‘stiff upper lip,' but not at the expense of your health,” Prince William said, urging readers to end the taboo about discussing traumatic personal issues.
Prince William and Harry's magazine interview coincided with the release of Prince Harry's personal account of how he struggled to cope with his mothers death in a podcast with Bryony Gordon from the Telegraph.
The fifth in line admitted he sought counseling to help him deal with his own grief.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Real Madrid great Iker Casillas would be open to a return to the club despite admitting he wished his farewell compared to Andres Iniesta and Fernando Torres'.
Casillas ended a 25-year stay at Madrid in 2015, departing his boyhood club for Porto after winning five LaLiga titles and three Champions League crowns.
While Madrid has denied forcing Casillas out, his farewell paled in comparison to Iniesta's at Barcelona and Torres' at Atletico Madrid earlier this month.
Casillas, 37, said he would have no issues returning to Madrid in the future, but accepted his farewell was mishandled by the European champions.
"If Real Madrid call me, I couldn't say no to return to the club in the future," he said on Wednesday.
"I saw the Iniesta and Torres farewells and, well, my situation was another different then in Real Madrid.
"In the future there will be reconciliations and there won't be any problem. Everybody would love a farewell like those, but I'm not all the day focused on that."
Casillas played 16 seasons at Madrid, while the 167-time Spain international helped his nation win the 2010 World Cup and European Championships in 2008 and 2012.
WASHINGTON — The Environmental Protection Agency plans to restrict research used in developing regulations, the agency said Tuesday, a change that could affect rules governing everything from household products to power-plant emissions.
The proposal follows years of complaints by conservatives that regulations such as emissions restrictions under the Obama administration sometimes went beyond what science could prove. The new proposal would exclude the many research studies that don't make their raw data public and limit the use of findings that can't be reproduced by others. The EPA said this would boost transparency.
“When you have studies that you actually publish from third parties, but you don't publish the methodology, and you don't publish the data, you only publish the conclusions, that presents problems to those that want to offer comment on the veracity, the authenticity, the ability to assess and evaluate the conclusions that have been drawn,” Administrator Scott Pruitt said before signing the proposed rule.
The proposal is subject to a public-comment period of at least 30 days and is likely to see legal challenges, which could delay or prevent its implementation. The move prompted an uproar from scientists who say it would exclude so much research that the resulting rules would endanger Americans' health. Ahead of the announcement, a coalition of 985 scientists issued a statement decrying the plan.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Amazon to start offering in-car deliveries.
How to dress like a billionaire.
Joshua Kimmich is preparing to go up against the world's most "complete" player in Cristiano Ronaldo when Bayern Munich face Real Madrid.
Bayern hosts the Champions League holders in Wednesday's semi-final first leg, seeking revenge for last season's quarter-final elimination.
Ronaldo scored a hat-trick in the second leg of that tie and they will have to pay him close attention once again, with the Portugal star in remarkable form having scored 15 times in 10 Champions League games this season.
And Bayern youngster Kimmich believes such goal-scoring exploits make Ronaldo more of a "complete" player than his Barcelona rival Lionel Messi.
"When it comes to goal quotas, Ronaldo is in the lead," Kimmich told Bild. "Especially with regards to the goals in the Champions League.
"Messi is a completely different type of player. Ronaldo is perhaps more complete in terms of skills themselves.
"Messi is more a dribbler, Ronaldo the final player. I cannot say this one or that one. I am glad that I am allowed to witness both.
"Such a player as Ronaldo, you can only turn off as a whole team anyway. He is a goal machine, which has an insane goal quota. We have to make sure that he cannot continue his run."
Even though the second round of the NASCAR Cup Series playoffs hasn't started yet, it's never too early to look ahead to next season, right?
Not for Hendrick Motorsports anyway, which will see several major changes in 2018.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Kasey Kahne will be replaced by Alex Bowman and William Byron, respectively. Chase Elliott will drive the No. 9 car instead of the 24, which Bryon will pilot. And HMS will trade their Chevrolet SS cars for Camaros. (Nothing is happening to Jimmie Johnson, other than the fact that he'll be the oldest team driver by 18 years.)
And Thursday, the team revealed what its four paint schemes for the 2018 Daytona 500 will be, and these cars look fantastic. For his Cup Series debut, 19-year-old Byron's is particularly awesome with flames that make it look like a Hot Wheels car.
In every number lives a legacy. A new era begins in 2018. #LegacyLives pic.twitter.com/cXOGakNx1p — Hendrick Motorsports (@TeamHendrick) October 5, 2017
Here's a closer look at each one from all sides.
The whole reveal show was also live-streamed on HMS' Facebook page.
The 2018 Daytona 500 is scheduled for Sunday, February 18 at Daytona International Speedway.
Image copyright Friends of the Union Chain Bridge Image caption The council is being asked to increase its financial support for the project
A council is being asked to increase its financial contribution to a proposed £7.8m upgrade of a bridge linking Scotland and England.
The Union Chain Bridge - built in 1820 - crosses the River Tweed from Fishwick in Berwickshire to Horncliffe in Northumberland.
It has been on Historic England's Heritage at Risk register since 2013.
Scottish Borders Council has already committed £550,000 to the overhaul but is being asked to contribute £1m.
When it was officially opened nearly 200 years ago, the structure was the longest wrought iron suspension bridge in the world.
However, it has become structurally unsafe and can now only be accessed by one light vehicle at a time.
Northumberland County Council (NCC), Scottish Borders Council (SBC) and the Friends of Union Chain Bridge are working together on the project to safeguard the future of the bridge near Berwick-upon-Tweed.
Image copyright Friends of the Union Chain Bridge Image caption It is hoped the works can be completed in time for the bridge's 200th anniversary
It requires urgent conservation and engineering repairs to secure its future.
A funding bid for the restoration is now being prepared for the Heritage Lottery Fund, with a maximum of £5m available towards the bulk of the work.
NCC has approved a report increasing its financial commitment to £1m and now SBC is being asked to do the same.
It would see funding from its roads and bridges capital budget diverted to the project.
It is hoped the works can be completed in time for the 200th anniversary of the bridge's opening in 2020.
NEW YORK – There is a simpler way to invest in the Caribbean and the US Caribbean territory of the U.S. Virgin Islands.
That's the message Dr. Gillian Marcelle, executive director of the Virgin Islands' Specialist Economic Development Agency, the UVI RTPark, brought to potential investors, executives and members of the Caribbean Diaspora, at the agency's VIP Investment Showcase Reception during Caribbean Week in New York on June 7th.
“We are ready to help you set up a business in the U.S.V.I. in as little as three to four months,” Dr. Marcelle told some 60 plus VIP guests at the Showcase in the financial capital of the world. “We see the UVI RTPark as an entry point to the US and a bridge to the wider Caribbean. A company establishing in this Caribbean US territory will profit from a number of benefits, including up to 90 percent reduction in income taxes for qualifying income, as well as reductions or exemptions in other taxes. From this base, you can serve clients anywhere in the world.
Christopher Halliday, partner at Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, told the audience, the RTPark will foster economic growth, not just in the USVI, but across the Caribbean.
Applying for membership to the RTPark program is simple and involves three stages: screening and pre-application; negotiation of a term sheet and a formal application procedure.
The RTPark is keen on attracting technology companies in health and medicine, energy research & system deployment, as well as marine science related products and Internet advertising and software development.
Meanwhile, Chairman of the UVI RTPark's Board of Directors, Edward E. Thomas, lauded the agency's first Caribbean Diaspora focused marketing efforts and reminded investors that there is no limit to the number of companies who can become clients of the program.
And President of the University of the Virgin Islands, Dr. David Hall, said that he looks forward to the ongoing public/private sector partnership between clients of the RTPark and the University as the agency continues to promote the U.S.V.I. as an impact investment hub for the Caribbean.
Interested companies can contact the RTPark at 1-340-692-4304 or by email at info@uvirtpark.net.
Dear John: I received a notice a few days ago from an auto service company, and it says my vehicle's contract needs to be updated.
I never had a car. Or credit cards or bank cards. No computer or TV. No telephone, Facebook account, etc., etc.
But I am a member of Blue Cross Blue Shield, which suffered a cyberattack years ago when the personal information of 700,000 people was hacked.
So the only way this automotive company found me had to be when Blue Cross was hacked.
Do you think I'm right in my conclusion? Thank you so much. M.M.
Dear M.M.: They could have gotten your name from any number of mailing lists that these criminals buy and share.
Obviously this is a B.S. letter. So throw it away, don't give anybody anything and go on living your life.
But I really need to ask you: How do you live without any of those things? Not even a telephone!
Dear John: I'm getting nowhere with Citicorp's Personal Wealth Management.
My elderly mother's revocable trust with Citi Personal Wealth Management closed out earlier this year due to inactivity during her extended illness.
The bank had originally asked for updated information to reopen it, and she needed to send that by April. When I called on May 4, the call-taker assured me the paperwork was received the day before and was being processed.
There was no contact thereafter, so I called again at the end of May and was told the paperwork couldn't be located.
This was very disturbing considering the rampant identity theft nowadays.
So I mailed it again on June 5, with one complete set going via certified mail to the chief executive's office, and the other to the designated post office box with a cover letter asking for an acknowledgement.
No response from either.
Then I called last Wednesday, and the supervisor said it should only take three to five days to process, and she foresaw no problem.
I called again today and was told the paperwork was received, but the bank cannot advise until next week why it is not processed.
My mother is on a fixed income and desperately needs the monthly payments from this account again and needs it reopened pronto, please! Help! T.R.
Dear T.R.: I don't know what was going on, but Citi handled it quickly after I forwarded your letter to the company.
And apparently the situation has been resolved. Your letter to me said: “Thank you very much. Mom and I spoke via phone today with the Citi rep who is finalizing the resolution of reopening Mom's trust fund, with monthly payments to resume.
“Thanks to your valued intervention, they are now dead serious about resolving this.”
No problem. The Post was happy to help.
You may be as good as For The Win‘s Ted Berg at that super-addicting Google Doodlge cricket game, but there is no way you are good enough at Ms. Pac-Man to get a score of 999,999.
That is, unless you're an artificial intelligence program created by the smart people at a Microsoft-owned company:
That video has a great explanation as to how it got the program to conquer the classic arcade game: Basically every decision Ms. Pac-Man has to make — whether it's eating pellets, scared ghosts or bouncing fruit — is weighed and rewarded instantaneously.
But all you need to know is that A.I. is better than humans at a lot of stuff and we should be very, very afraid.
[April 24, 2018] New Data from The Floow Shows Distracted Driving Will Lead to Increased Premiums by 2020
If National Distracted Driving Awareness Month isn't already enough to get the attention of drivers who habitually text, mess with the radio, or eat while driving, maybe this will. According to a recent survey of global insurers conducted by insurance telematics company, The Floow, more than one-third of U.S.-based insurers believe that distracted driving will be one of the greatest factors leading to increased insurance premiums over the next two years. But not everyone will feel the effects. Over the past year, a study by consulting group Ptolemus shows that there has been a 26 percent increase in the number of drivers choosing usage-based insurance policies and taking advantage of telematics technology, like the newly released FloowDrive platform. Accessible through a mobile app, FloowDrive tracks a wide variety of driver behavior including distraction, offers a driver score, and promotes coaching to help create safer driving habits. As a result, many people are seeing decreases in their insurance premiums. "Telematics technology like the FloowDrive platform was developed with safety in mind," said John Kramer, VP of North American Operations for The Floow. "If we can help people become safer drivers, they will be less likely to get into crashes and file claims. The added benefit is often lower insurance rates for the driver." An increasing number of insurance companies are also offering usage-based policies, and using data collected from driver behavior to better assess risk. In the recent Floow survey with insurers, the in-car behaviors they will be most interested in having data on include texting and other distracted activities (57 percent), average speed (45 percent), level of smooth or erratic braking (42 percent), and levels of tiredness (41 percent).
"Insurance companies also benefit from the rich data captured by telematics technology," said Kramer. "The data allows insurers to more accurately price policies, learn how to enhance segmentation and ultimately improve a policyholder's overall insurance experience." About The Floow Based in Sheffield in the UK and Detroit in the U.S., The Floow is one of the world's leading telematics innovators, with the mission of making mobility safer and smarter for everyone. Its user-friendly telematics platform provides drivers with actionable insights and engagement propositions that improve safety and loyalty, and allow insurers, fleet companies and auto manufacturers to make more informed and profitable decisions. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006248/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. will announce this month the results of an investigation into what caused some of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to catch fire, the JoongAng Ilbo newspaper reported on Monday citing unnamed sources.
The South Korean firm said in October it was examining all aspects of the phone, suggesting there may be a combination of factors that contributed to one of the costliest product safety failures in tech history.
The world's top smartphone maker warned of a $5.1 billion hit to its operating profit over three quarters following its decision to permanently halt Galaxy Note 7 sales in October.
Investors and analysts have said it is critical for Samsung to identify the root cause of the fires in order to rebuild consumer trust and avoid repeating the same mistakes.
A Samsung Electronics spokesman declined to comment.
In February, we showed you a clip of a man ridiculing his partner's swing, only to promptly get pelted in the grill by a golf ball. Let's call this the sequel: Swift Justice 2: Club to the Face.
Like most follow-ups, this video isn't as good as the original. Still, it proves the golf gods do not look kindly on mocking your fellow hacker.
Loading View on Instagram
To the heckler's credit, a fair amount of ribbing is deserved for duffing an iron off what looks to be a wide-open par 5. That said, judging by his snide remarks and nasally tone, he had that coming.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
NEW YORK (AP) — President Donald Trump's first weeks in office have spawned anxiety and even arguments at some workplaces, putting owners — especially at smaller companies — in the position of needing to protect peace and productivity.
At software maker BetterWorks, CEO Kris Duggan has noticed a drop in productivity since Trump's Jan. 20 inauguration, with staffers distracted and having less energy as some of their focus shifted to politics.
“They're wound up, thinking about what march they're going to,” says Duggan. His company, which makes business management programs and has a staff of about 100, is based in Redwood City, California.
Duggan says he's aware that employees aren't getting much rest on weekends — instead of decompressing, they spend time on social media, sharing content that makes them uneasy.
Divided feelings over Trump's policies and personality affected workplaces of all sizes before the election too, but owners say there are more discussions now between co-workers that can turn disruptive. While plenty of workplaces haven't had issues or say their employees feel reassured by the new president, others say staffers have been subdued and distracted.
A survey conducted after the Republican and Democratic national conventions last year found a quarter of the 927 workers questioned said political conversations at work negatively affected them, reducing their productivity and creating stress. The survey, released the American Psychological Association, a professional organization, also found that a fifth of the participants were avoiding some co-workers because of their political views, a sign of increasing hostility in the workplace. There are few signs those emotions have waned.
After Trump issued an executive order restraining immigration from seven Muslim countries, staffers at Lou Hoffman's marketing company started worrying about a co-worker from one of those nations whoare in the process of applying for a green card. The employees were concerned that she might be sent back to that country, which he declined to name.
“At times, as you would expect, you can hear the strain in her voice,” says Hoffman, owner of The Hoffman Agency, based in San Jose, California. “It's a combination of unsettling and disturbing, and a feeling among the staff of, ‘Why does it have to come to this?'”
The staff has kept on working, but their morale has been affected. “I do see more worried faces,” Hoffman says.
Human resources consultant David Lewis has been getting calls from small business clients asking how to handle discord among their staffers and ultimately keep employees working constructively.
“People have stopped working with each other in the same way. They've changed their opinions of their co-workers. Clients have seen in some situations open arguments,” says Lewis, CEO of Operations Inc., based in Norwalk, Connecticut.
One client had to intervene in a three-way disagreement over Trump's then-proposed immigration order. When two staffers began arguing, the third broke in to say her parents had come to the U.S. to escape what was happening in their home country, and had done nothing wrong to warrant being deported. The client called Operations Inc. for some guidance on how to manage the situation, and prevent others from happening.
After the calls started coming in, Lewis decided to take action with his own business. “I don't view my workplace as different from any other in terms of that potential volatility,” he says.
Lewis sent a message to his staff that he suggested clients also give their employees. It notes that Operations Inc. has a positive culture and that employees work together in harmony. But it acknowledges that political passions about issues like immigration, the media and women's rights could hurt that culture, and create an atmosphere that would make people not want to work there. Lewis requested that staff members think about each other's feelings, and the company's well-being, before they launch into a political conversation.
He asked that such conversations “be carefully considered in advance and handled with the utmost level of sensitivity and care.”
Owners who see a change in morale or productivity shouldn't try to ban political conversation, says Midge Seltzer, president of EngagePEO, a human resources provider based in Hollywood, Florida. A better approach is to remind everyone why they're there — to conduct company operations. That's something bosses also have to do if staffers get distracted during events like the NCAA basketball tournament.
Some companies see staffers happier. The five employees at Stephen Twomey's website design and marketing company have been upbeat since the inauguration.
“Knowing that we have a president who puts the safety of Americans at the forefront of their policy lets them rest safer,” says Twomey, owner of MasterMind, based in Traverse City, Michigan.
Still, the uneasiness at some small companies comes from uncertainty about changes in government policy.
At Clear, a new online bank, staffers are coming to co-owner Tyler McIntyre with questions about how changes in the Dodd-Frank banking law promised by Trump and lawmakers will affect the company. McIntyre is already seeing big banks that partner with his company becoming more cautious about their planned alliances, and his 10 employees are concerned about their jobs.
“When everyone's phone starts vibrating from breaking news alerts, you hear this quiet come over the office,” says McIntyre, whose company is based in New York.
Owners will need to stay vigilant to help staffers keep their emotions at bay and their focus on their work, Lewis says. But they shouldn't get involved in political discussions, Seltzer says.
“They should be leading by example. They need to stay neutral,” she says.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
WEST MILTON, Ohio (WDTN) -Congratulations to the Milton Union Bulldogs our Operation Football, Wright Patt Credit Union cheerleaders of the week. Say hello to Samantha Crummie, Audrey Coffey, Amelia Carville, Bailey Watson, Gabriell Metzner, Morgan Welch and Skylar Unger.
Three cheers for the Milton Union Bulldogs our Operation Football, Wright Patt Credit Union cheerleaders of the week!
By JONATHAN LEMIRE, Associated Press
Trump, who has been at his New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But he will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for his initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which he blamed bigotry on “many sides.”
His attorney general, Jeff Sessions, said Monday the incident in which a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters, killing one person, “does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute.”
He told ABC's “Good Morning America”: “You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America.”
Sessions said he expects to hear more from Trump on the matter after meeting with him Monday, as well as officials from the FBI.
“We will not allow these extremist groups to obtain credibility,” Sessions told “CBS This Morning.”
In the hours after the incident, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that he condemns “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
Speaking slowly from his New Jersey golf club while on a 17-day working vacation, Trump added: “It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump. Not Barack Obama. It's been going on for a long, long time.”
The White House statement Sunday went further. “The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.” It added: “He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.”
The White House did not attach a name to the statement. Usually, a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual's responsibility for its truthfulness and often undercuts its significance.
Trump's top advisers later struggled to explain Trump's position, offering different responses.
Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said Sunday that he considered the attack to be terrorism. On Saturday, Trump had not responded to reporters' shouted questions about terrorism.
“I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear, it is terrorism,” McMaster told ABC's “This Week.” ”It meets the definition of terrorism. But what this is, what you see here, is you see someone who is a criminal, who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans.”
The president's homeland security adviser, Tom Bossert, defended the president's initial statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent, too. When pressed during a contentious interview on CNN's “State of the Union,” he specifically condemned the racist groups.
The president's daughter and White House aide, Ivanka Trump, tweeted Sunday morning: “There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis.”
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, said he spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and that he twice told the president “we have to stop this hateful speech, this rhetoric.” He said he urged Trump “to come out stronger” against the actions of white supremacists.
Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists. Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo. said on NBC Sunday that “This isn't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines. This is a time to lay blame.”
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee. Counter-protesters massed in opposition.
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations. Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to “fulfill the promises of Donald Trump.”
Trump's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer, which wrote: “Trump comments were good. He didn't attack us. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. … No condemnation at all.” The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its “Summer of Hate” edition.
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer, a Democrat, slammed Trump's stance toward hate groups, saying on NBC's “Meet the Press” that he hopes Trump “looks himself in the mirror and thinks very deeply about who he consorted with.”
“Old saying: when you dance with the devil, the devil doesn't change, the devil changes you,” Signer said.
Trump, as a presidential candidate, frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer his condemnation of white supremacists. His strongest denunciation of the movement has not come voluntarily, only when asked, and he occasionally trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during his campaign. His chief strategist, Steve Bannon, once declared that his former news site, Breitbart, was “the platform for the alt-right.”
___
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
The brakes have been slammed on the “Let's See Davis Webb Already!” bandwagon.
Don't hold your breath waiting to see him play, much less replace Eli Manning.
As of Monday, in fact, there were no immediate plans to activate the rookie quarterback for the first time this season Sunday against the Eagles.
Interim head coach Steve Spagnuolo, asked how he is handling Webb this week, said: “Probably no differently this particular week.”
Asked how comfortable he would be if he had to put Webb in a game, Spagnuolo said: “I don't know that I have enough of feel … I would have to ask the offensive [coordinator] Mike Sullivan and QB coach Frank Cignetti Jr. that.”
A huge reason why HC of the NYG is such a desirable job is because John Mara, every bit the believer in the chain of command as his Hall of Fame father Wellington, allows the football people to make the football decisions.
But the end of Manning's Ironman streak will haunt him because he decided to be a veritable spectator when Ben McAdoo imposed his half-baked plan that The Greatest Quarterback In Giants History understandably rejected.
And now, he must not tiptoe around the painstaking conundrum that could very well be the last three games of Manning's Hall of Fame Giants career.
Given the possibility these last three games represent the last three games of Manning in No. 10, the decision on if and when and how to evaluate Webb should not be made by Spagnuolo and his trusted offensive aides.
It should be made by Mara, in consultation with co-owner Steve Tisch.
If it hasn't been made already.
“The way that I'm gonna function, the way I think we should function,” Spagnuolo said, “is to take this one week at a time with the goal being beating the next opponent, and whatever is best to do that, in my opinion.”
By that criteria, Manning is best to do that.
Mara would have to weigh the benefits of throwing Webb to the wolves behind that offensive line and a paucity of weapons against ensuring that Manning has a chance to go out on his terms with the dignity and honor that he deserves.
It would give Mara the opportunity for a Manning Mulligan of sorts. Let Manning finish what he started before it was unceremoniously interrupted.
Now, if circumstances permit, I am just as curious as anyone to see Webb get his feet wet in Arizona — if and only if you can get him up to speed with extra practice reps, finally.
But then, under no circumstances, should Manning be allowed to be a sideline spectator on New Year's Eve in what could be his final home game as a Giant.
He absolutely deserves to start that game against the Redskins.
What exactly would any Webb audition tell us anyway at this point? How much impact do you think it would have on how the next GM values Sam Darnold or Josh Rosen?
“Is it that much more of an advantage to have him standing on the sideline as the second than there is him standing on the sideline as a deactivated player?” Spagnuolo said.
Well yes, if for instance the Eagles, even with Nick Foles in place of Carson Wentz, have iced the game by the end of the third quarter, or sooner.
“Right now, Eli Manning's the starting quarterback, and I don't feel that changing, but I don't know what next week is gonna bring,” Spagnuolo said.
It will bring 2-12, and more clamor to see The Kid, just as there was shrill clamor for Todd Bowles to play Christian Hackenberg at the expense of Josh McCown.
“I thought Eli played really good football, real solid, watched the film, got us in and out of some things that probably only he can do, 'cause he's pretty special that way,” Spagnuolo said.
Even Manning will tell you there is nothing like playing experience to grow as a quarterback.
“You think you're ready, you think you kind of have the answers until you're out there,” Manning said. “And you gotta make some decisions — are you gonna make this check? I think this blitz is coming but are you sure and do you know how to pick it up? Do you know how to have answers? Or what your assignments are or what you're gonna do under a certain situation, where are your checkdowns? … There's a growing pain to playing quarterback in this league.”
If Mara does want to see Webb, he should ask to see him in Arizona, and Arizona only. But as of today, it isn't in the Cards.
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Julia Hamm, President and CEO of the Smart Electric Power Alliance (SEPA), has released the following statement on the Vision for the Future of Power in Puerto Rico approved by the Governing Board of the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority (PREPA).
More Headlines Articles
"With this new and comprehensive vision for energy market transformation, PREPA will provide a strong but flexible model that other utilities can draw on for inspiration, and adapt to their own local conditions. This kind of thought leadership has been a driving force for SEPA's own work on industry change through our 51st State Initiative. What we see -- in Puerto Rico and in the key doctrines for utility evolution the 51st State has produced -- is a focus on system efficiency and resiliency, equitable allocation of costs and benefits on both sides of the meter, and customer access to a range of clean energy products and services."One of the challenges ahead for Puerto Rico will be clearly defining the roles of the utility and third parties, and their longer-term market impacts, while leveraging opportunities for innovative partnerships. Both SEPA and the 51st State community of energy thought leaders can offer a virtual toolkit of cutting-edge ideas on the possibilities to be explored as a revitalized, modern grid emerges on the island."Hamm is also a member of the Puerto Rico Energy Resiliency Working Group, which produced the Build Back Better report, and sits on the Transformation Advisory Council (TAC) that worked with the PREPA Board on its Vision document. She is available for interviews.Media contact: K Kaufmann, kkaufmann@sepapower.org or 202-379-1637.About SEPAThe Smart Electric Power Alliance (SEPA) is an educational nonprofit working to facilitate the utility industry's transition to a clean energy future through education, research, standards and collaboration. SEPA offers a range of research initiatives and resources, as well as conferences, educational events and professional networking opportunities. SEPA is founder and co-sponsor of Solar Power International and winner of the Keystone Policy Center's 2016 Leadership in Energy Award. For more information, visit www.sepapower.org.Follow SEPA on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn.About The 51st StateSince its inception in 2014, SEPA's 51st State Initiative has provided an open platform for envisioning the future of the energy system. More critically, the initiative is focused on developing practical tools and sharing information that can help industry stakeholders — utilities, regulators, technology firms and consumers — work together to find the collaborative solutions for energy transformation that will benefit all. In 2016, the Keystone Policy Center honored the 51st State with its Leadership in Energy Award.
Curtis Allen scores four goals as Glentoran beat Ballyclare Comrades 4-0 to progress to the sixth round of the Irish Cup.
Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera has highlighted Jose Mourinho's role in his good performances this campaign.
After initially struggling to find his feet at Old Trafford under Louis van Gaal, Herrera has flourished since the arrival of Jose Mourinho.
The 27-year-old excelled in United's 2-0 victory over Chelsea on Sunday, scoring one and assisting the other while drawing praise for limiting Eden Hazard's impact on the match.
Herrera paid tribute to Mourinho for helping him prove his worth at the Premier League side.
"I am very thankful to Mourinho," Herrera told United Review.
"This season has been the most regular one for me at the club and that is with Mourinho on the bench.
"I am happy with my development and I am happy with my performances. I am happy but I am not finished yet. So far has been okay for me but I still have to show I can give more. I want to give everything for the manager and I do not look back.
"I am very happy. He gave me, from the first day, a lot of confidence and he told me I was going to be an important player for him. I will always be thankful."
Herrera is not getting carried away, however, and realises things could change quickly at a club of United's stature.
"But football changes," he added.
"We have great players and Manchester United have the capacity to sign big players, so I cannot sleep.
"I have to keep working, performing and giving what the manager wants me to give."
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for his role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described him as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident he will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where he had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted him and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
She added that other members of his community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to his reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But his release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that he can stay in Los Angeles near his attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but he cannot leave the country. He was also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring him from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing him access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of his bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
It's that time of year, when cows don headdresses and bells, and are herded up the mountain roads to greener summer pastures.
Well it is in southern France. Farmers in the Occitan region in the country's southeast lead the annual move, known as a 'transhumance'.
"It's almost a holiday for us, it's like we take leave for six months," says Maxime Puech, a breeder from Rodelle. "They (cows) will eat fresh grass, grass of better quality than in the valley, it allows us to be able to harvest the food for next winter."
The farms around Saint-Chely-d'Aubrac annually parade the cows and organize festivities to celebrate the event.
With some walking more than 60 kilometres over two days - much of it uphill - it must be a welcome relief when they arrive.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
BUSINESS
Norway's government is proposing new methods of curbing competition of the state-owned Norsk Tipping gambling monopoly, including stricter monitoring of online gambling payment processing.
Last week, the Lotteri-og Stiftelsestilsynet (Norwegian Gaming Authority) began a consultation on its proposals to further restrict internationally licensed online gambling operators' access to Norwegian gamblers. The consultation will be open until August 15.
Among the NGA's proposals are making it crystal clear that the law already requires local financial institutions to block transactions involving unauthorized online gambling operators (aka all of them except Norsk Tipping and Norsk Rikstoto). Despite this requirement, the NGA claims that Norwegians collectively make up to 40k daily transactions with international gambling sites.
The NGA has previously ordered banks to stop processing online gambling payments using certain accounts, but some affected processors simply changed account numbers. The NGA now wants to be able to order banks to stop dealing with certain companies by name, rather than account number.
To monitor the effectiveness of this activity, the NGA wants the right to compel the banks to provide transaction information regarding certain companies on demand, while offering the standard assurances regarding individual customers' data privacy. The NGA hopes to have these new powers by January 1, 2019.
OPPOSITION COALITION PUSHES GAMBLING CURBS
On Tuesday, local media outlet VG reported that a coalition of Norway's opposition parties had managed to secure a favorable committee vote on six of eight proposed measures to strengthen the country's gambling rules. These new measures are scheduled to be formally adopted by parliament on May 7.
The measures include granting the NGA new powers to investigate companies that facilitate advertising and marketing of unauthorized gambling products and to impose financial penalties on companies found to be in violation of the rules.
Also approved was DNS blocking of international sites serving Norwegian punters without local authorization, which was approved in lieu of of a more punitive IP-blocking proposal. The DNS blocking will warn Norwegian punters that the site they are attempting to access is not operating under local authority, but won't prevent access to the site if a customer chooses to proceed.
A more effective block was placed on Minister of Culture Trine Skei Grande's efforts to loosen Norsk Tipping's monopoly by launching a pilot program to license international gambling operators.
However, Norsk Tipping will be required to curtail some of its marketing activities to ensure the monopoly isn't preying on the nation's problem gamblers. The monopoly just announced a record profit of NOK5.25b (US$665m) in 2017, 8.2% higher than 2016's total, while its active customer base increased by 80k to 1.96m.
Norway's opposition parties also want to see the nation's oil-based pension fund divest its significant holdings in gaming companies, including Norsk Tipping. The fund reportedly holds NOK26b ($3.3b) worth of gaming company shares in its portfolio, including such familiar online operators as 888 Holdings, William Hill, Paddy Power Betfair, The Stars Group, Playtech and Betsson, as well as land-based casino operators Las Vegas Sands, SJM Holdings and Melco Resorts & Entertainment.
Comments
To conquer the world's largest electric-vehicle market, Japan's car giants are starting by playing it safe.
Instead of betting on new models to lure Chinese customers, Nissan Motor Co., Toyota Motor Corp. and Honda Motor Co. are slapping electric motors on cars that are already doing well as gasoline versions. Those include the Sylphy sedan, a variant of which will be Nissan's first China-made EV and debut at the Auto China exhibition in Beijing. Another is a plug-in version of Toyota's long-time hit Corolla.
The move is aimed at meeting burgeoning demand for greener cars, as well as complying with the government's production quotas for environmentally friendly vehicles. While the strategy saves in development and marketing costs, it risks leaving the Japanese companies looking unadventurous compared with fresh new models from China's BYD Co. and Lynk & Co. and Tesla Inc.'s new mass-market Model 3.
“It's not going to create any hype in the market, but it's a practical approach,” said Yuzuru Ohashi, a consultant at Roland Berger. “If customers like the styling of a specific gasoline model, then some may choose the EV version of that car.”
Tesla Model 3. Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg
Emission Policies
Under China's so-called cap-and-trade policy, automakers must obtain a new-energy vehicle score -- linked to the production of various types of zero- and low-emission vehicles -- of at least 10 percent starting in 2019, rising to 12 percent in 2020. Carmakers including Volkswagen AG and Ford Motor Co. are all ramping up their EV production in China, even as demand for such vehicles is mostly concentrated in major cities where governments are doling out generous subsidies or giving free license plates.
Nissan, the biggest Japanese carmaker in China by volume, is testing Chinese consumers' appetite for EVs with the Sylphy as it prepares to introduce 20 electrified models by 2022 in a bid to become the top brand in the market. The Sylphy sold more than 400,000 units in China last year, a sign of the model's appeal, said Jose Munoz, the Nissan executive overseeing its China operations.
“Introducing the EV technology in the most popular model that we sell in China would be the best and fastest way to show our technology to our customers,” Munoz said in an interview. The electric version may contribute to 10 percent of Sylphy's total sales in its life span, he said.
China 2017 Market Share by Origin of Carmakers Source: CAAM
Toyota plans to launch plug-in hybrid versions of its top-selling compacts, the Corolla and Levin, in China. Honda will unveil an electric variant of a popular crossover model. Subaru Corp. has also said it's considering installing electric powertrains in current models rather than designing an all-new car.
China is poised to become Nissan's single biggest market within five years, making up almost a third of its targeted revenue of 16.5 trillion yen ($152 billion) by 2022. The carmaker intends to spend 1 trillion yen in China over the next few years as it vies with global rivals including Volkswagen and General Motors Co.
The electric Sylphy uses a locally sourced battery that gives the car a driving range of 338 kilometers (210 miles) under Chinese testing standards. Nissan is also considering launching the new imported Leaf in China later this year, and the company will also soon introduce its hybrid technology known as “e-power,” Munoz said.
“It's quite a commitment to this technology,” Munoz said. “This is going to be the only market for Nissan to have such a deployment of EV and e-power in such a short period of time.”
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — It's been almost three years since the Upper St. Anthony Falls closed to boat traffic on the Mighty Mississippi. Now, there's a vision to transform the area into a major destination for locals and tourists.
While in the early stages, there are plans to revitalize the Minneapolis riverfront.
With a 49-foot drop on a concrete spillway at the foot of the Stone Arch Bridge, St. Anthony Falls is the only major waterfall on the entire Mississippi River. Since the lock closed, there's been much less action in the area.
“This is an incredible iconic feature, we're kind of standing here at the place where Minneapolis was born,” Kjersti Monson of the group Friends of the The Lock and Dam, said. “The falls were originally there for saw milling.”
Monson is a part of a huge coalition working to restore and revitalize the St. Anthony Falls District.
“There's going to be outfitters like Nice Ride, Paddle Share and Wilderness Inquiry providing all the programs they do, with big canoes and there's going to be a park,” she said.
The idea is to turn the area into a hub of recreation for outdoor activities like biking, fishing, paddling, water taxis and walking. The plan also includes a visitor center where guests can not only get something to eat, but also learn about and experience the site with National Park Service Rangers.
Monson says it's about coming full circle by connecting the falls with the Upper Harbor, the way it used to be when boats and barges navigated the river.
“In the future, you can come here, get a bite to eat, get on a water taxi and go up to a concert at First Avenue's new venue on the upper harbor and make a night of it,” she said.
The next step is securing pre-design funding from the state. A hearing with the House Capitol Investments Committee is set for Wednesday.
12/11/17 – 4:45 A.M.
The lights are back on near Fostoria after a wide-spread power outage over the weekend. American Electric Power says nearly 25-hundred homes lost power Saturday afternoon due to equipment failure. A warming station was set up at the local intermediate school for the folks without power.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — It's been a magical first season for the Vegas Golden Knights, who already have won more games than any first-year team in NHL history. However, the Western Conference leaders didn't look very dominant Friday night.
Eric Staal had two goals and an assist as the Minnesota Wild beat the road-weary Golden Knights 5-2 for their second straight win after the All-Star break.
Vegas was coming off an overtime victory in Winnipeg on Thursday night, while Minnesota was rested since its last game on Tuesday. The Wild carried the pace of play from the start, outshooting the Golden Knights 19-8 in the first period while taking a 2-0 lead.
“We looked like a tired team for the first time this year,” Vegas coach Gerard Gallant said. “There's no excuse. You play back-to-back — everybody plays them. But I didn't like our team tonight. We had no compete and we didn't win 1-on-1 battles.”
The Golden Knights had won four of five coming in, including consecutive comeback victories at Calgary and Winnipeg. But they had a tough time responding when Minnesota jumped out to its early lead.
“It's tough on the road when you get down early and you're not playing like you want to,” said Vegas forward Eric Haula, who had a goal and an assist. “You give all the confidence in the world to the other team.”
Charlie Coyle, Tyler Ennis and Jared Spurgeon also scored for Minnesota, while Jonas Brodin had three assists and Matt Dumba added two. Devan Dubnyk stopped 22 shots to help Minnesota move to 18-4-4 at home.
“We like playing in this building,” said Coyle, who scored in his second straight game. “We know when we get the momentum right from the start and the crowd gets into it, we feed off of that too.”
Nate Schmidt scored the other Golden Knights goal, and Colin Miller added two assists for Vegas, which remained a point behind Tampa Bay for the best record in the league. Malcolm Subban made 30 saves in his first start since Jan. 19.
“Malcolm played incredibly well,” Schmidt said. “It could have been a lot worse.”
Staal opened the scoring with a power-play goal at 10:05 to put Minnesota on top. Defenseman Mike Reilly fed a pass from the right circle across the ice to the goalmouth, and all Staal had to do was put his stick down to deflect the puck past Subban.
Coyle doubled the lead five minutes later with a wrist shot from the left circle that beat Subban, who was screened on the play by Wild forward Joel Eriksson Ek.
Spurgeon scored the Wild's second power-play goal of the night to make it 4-1 in the second period, but Schmidt's goal cut Minnesota's lead to 4-2 with 7:22 left in the game. When the Golden Knights gained possession in Minnesota's zone, Gallant pulled Subban for an extra skater, and the 6-on-4 paid off when Schmidt knocked in a rebound off the end boards from a bad angle.
But the Wild put it away with 1 1/2 minutes to play when Staal was awarded a goal after he was hooked while heading in on an empty net. His team-leading 22nd of the season capped a night when the Wild took advantage of a tired opponent.
“We've got some veteran guys on our team who understand back-to-backs and travel and how it works,” Staal said. “If you can jump on them and be aggressive, it can really help carry you the rest of the way. And we were aggressive. We were in their face early, drew the power plays and then cashed in.”
NOTES: Haula has scored a goal in five straight games. … Ennis scored for the first time in 19 games. … The Wild welcomed LW Nino Niederreiter back to the lineup. He had missed eight straight and 13 of the previous 15 games with a bone bruise to his left ankle. … Golden Knights D Brayden McNabb returned after missing three games due to injury
UP NEXT
Golden Knights: At Washington on Sunday
Wild: At Dallas on Saturday
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Image copyright izusek
Once upon a time on a plane to Dallas, Rosey Blair and her boyfriend asked a young woman if she would swap seats so that they could sit together.
When the woman obliged, the two joked that her new seat partner might end up being the love of her life.
As Rosey and her boyfriend made themselves comfortable in the seats directly behind, they witnessed a young man make his way to the vacant seat.
Who was this man, and had Rosey's request to swap seats really triggered a twist of fate that would bring two hearts together? Yes, Rosey had decided, plus it was probably a good way to pass time on the flight.
What unfolded was documented on Rosey's Instagram story and then uploaded as a thread to Twitter.
Littered with emojis and captions her simple but gripping love story, that could be called "Catching Flights And Feelings," captured the hearts of thousands of social media users.
Retweeted more than 238,000 times and liked almost 600,000 times since being posted on 3 July, the tale of two people sitting on a plane together began to gather pace.
Social media users following the developments demanded to know what was going on and Rosey obliged.
Skip Twitter post 6 by @roseybeeme Last night on a flight home, my boyfriend and I asked a woman to switch seats with me so we could sit together. We made a joke that maybe her new seat partner would be the love of her life and well, now I present you with this thread. — Rosey Blair (@roseybeeme) July 3, 2018 Report
"We are all so hooked" wrote one Instagram user. Another tweeted: "I'm so invested in their story right now." While another posted: "Best story reported play by play on Twitter ever."
One Twitter user even shared his own aeroplane romance: "In Nov of 2016 I met a girl on a plane. This past Sunday night I asked her to marry me... she said yes."
Plot Twist
So what happened when the plane landed?
Rosey posted that the pair had followed each other on Instagram, were both single and from the same area.
Then in an unexpected plot twist, a public message from the mystery man himself.
"Hilarious, knew you were taking pictures" he posted on Twitter.
Euan Holden a former Stockport county and Bury footballer claims he is the mystery man in Rosey's story. Now known as "plane bae" he told the BBC, "My friend's wife texted me the thread."
So did plane bae catch feelings on this flight?
"A gentleman would never say," said Euan.
SIDNEY, Ohio (WDTN) — A crash involving a suspected drunk driver sparked a four-alarm fire in Sidney late on Monday night.
The crash happened just before 11 p.m. on Thursday in the 100 block of N. Ohio Avenue.
Fire officials say a man driving a pickup truck ran over a curb and hit a building, striking a gas line.
The ruptured gas line caused a fire to ignite that quickly spread through the building.
Fire crews from multiple jurisdictions came together to fight the fire. While crews were able to save the outside of the building, the inside was destroyed after the roof collapsed.
Police say the driver of the pickup truck is suspected of driving under the influence. He was arrested and taken to the Shelby County Jail.
The driver's name has not been released yet.
No one was hurt during the fire.
Fire officials have not given an estimate for the financial damage to the building.
Several roads were shut down as crews battled the fire. Fire officials say they hoped to have all roads reopened in time for the morning commute on Tuesday.
HOUSTON - Houston Texans general manager Brian Gaine has quite a challenge as he prepares for his first draft with the team.
He enters Thursday looking to upgrade a team that went 4-12 last season and has no picks in the first two rounds. Instead of worrying about the picks Houston doesn't have, Gaine is focused on how he can get the most out of the four picks the Texans own in the third and fourth rounds.
"Although they might not be player 50 or 60, we're still going to get four players in the top 103," Gaine said. "So, we're very positive that we'll be able to get contributing players at any one of those picks in the third and the fourth round."
The Texans don't have a first-round pick for the first time in franchise history. They traded away this year's choice to Cleveland to get quarterback Deshaun Watson with the 12th overall pick in last year's draft. They previously sent their second-round pick in this draft to the Browns as part of the deal to get rid of Brock Osweiler.
Houston's first pick will be No. 68, and it received the 80th pick from Seattle in the trade for left tackle Duane Brown. Houston got the 98th selection in the third round as a compensatory pick for A.J. Bouye signing with the Jaguars last year.
The Texans have one fourth-rounder, three picks in the sixth round and a seventh-round selection this year.
Gaine wouldn't rule out trading up if they really like a player, but it doesn't seem likely.
"If there's a certain player that's falling down on the board that we had a very good grade on, certainly we're always going to talk about that scenario if we have the ammunition and the latitude to go up," he said. "I would tell you, historically, I would much prefer to go down than I ever would to go up, to get more at-bats, to accumulate more good players."
OFFENSIVE LINE NEEDS
Believing they've finally found their franchise quarterback in Watson, the Texans need to upgrade the offensive line to protect him. The unit took a hit last season when Brown, their franchise left tackle, was traded to Seattle, and the Texans allowed the second-most sacks in the league with 54. Houston addressed the situation by signing guards Senio Kelemete and Zach Fulton and tackle Seantrel Henderson in free agency, but could still try to add reinforcements in the draft.
GAINE'S TIME
Gaine will be in charge of a draft for the first time in his career after Houston hired him in January to take over for Rick Smith, who took a leave of absence to be with his wife, who is fighting cancer. Although this is his first stint as a general manager, Gaine has plenty of experience in scouting and player evaluations, having worked as assistant general manager for the Dolphins and in player personnel for the Texans and the Bills.
HITS AND MISSES
Although it's a small sample size, the Texans appear to have hit big in last year's draft with Watson. He starred in seven games before he tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee in practice. Watson threw for 1,699 yards with 19 touchdowns and eight interceptions as a rookie and is on track to be healthy for the start of the 2018 season.
Another solid pick for the Texans in the last few years is Jadeveon Clowney, selected first overall in 2014. The defensive end shook off a couple of injury-filled seasons to become one of the top defenders in the league. He finished second in the NFL with a career-high 21 tackles for losses and his 9 1/2 sacks, 21 quarterback hits and two forced fumbles also were career bests.
While the Texans hit on Clowney in that draft, their second-round selection might be one of their worst misses. Houston passed on quarterback Derek Carr to take Xavier Su'a-Filo with the 33rd overall pick. The offensive guard started 31 of 32 games over the past two seasons, but struggled with consistency, and the Texans chose not to re-sign him this offseason.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Missing teen and friend's dad believed to be in Mexico ALLENTOWN, Pa. — Police are encouraging a missing Pennsylvania teenager to come home to her family after she traveled to Mexico with a 45-year-old man. Allentown police said Friday that...
Missing teen told school alleged abductor was her stepdad: cops ALLENTOWN, Pa. — A 45-year-old man who signed out a 16-year-old girl from her Pennsylvania school 10 times in the last few months before the two went missing was able...
Man has secret relationship with missing teen he pulled out of school: cops ALLENTOWN, Pa. — A 45-year-old man managed to sign a 16-year-old girl out of her school 10 times in the last few months, and now the two are missing, police...
Bikini barista: How I escaped an attempted rape at knifepoint A bikini barista in Washington credits her toned bod for helping her escape a terrifying attack at knifepoint. Madeline Guinto, 30, said she was able to strong-arm the alleged assailant,...
Medical examiner breaks down during girl's murder trial JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — A medical examiner who conducted the autopsy on an 8-year-old Florida girl who was abducted, raped and murdered became emotional and had to interrupt her testimony at...
Defense tries to shift blame in stabbing of Virginia teen CHRISTIANSBURG, Va. — The accomplice of a former Virginia Tech student charged in the stabbing death of a 13-year-old girl had a fascination with knives and was “deeply motivated” to...
Man attempts to abduct two girls: cops A creep who tried to abduct two young girls inside a Staten Island apartment building has been nabbed by cops after almost a day in the wind, police said Sunday....
Suspect in attempted abduction was Uber driver COLUMBIA, Mo. — An Uber driver has been charged with attempting to abduct a woman in Missouri. Anthony Todd Rowell, 47, of Holts Summit, was arraigned Wednesday on a charge...
School ignored red flags before teacher abducted student: suit COLUMBIA, Tenn. — A teenage girl and her father have filed a lawsuit against a school district and a former teacher charged with kidnapping a 15-year-old student last year. Tad...
The New York Times reported this week on GOP legislative leaders in Kentucky, who reached out to other states to find out what to do with their newly won control of state government.
“Move quickly” was the response, Kentucky's majority leader told the Times.
In their fifth year with supermajorities in both chambers, Indiana Republicans already knew the answer. But it's the first year they've controlled the legislature and held the state superintendent's office, so they are moving quickly to advance the school privatization aims they've pushed for more than a decade. Broad and costly expansions of the so-called Choice Scholarship program are found in multiple bills, including Senate Bill 534, which will be heard by the Senate Education and Career Development Committee this afternoon.
SB 534 carries a price tag of as much as $206 million a year, according to the nonpartisan Legislative Services Agency. Repackaged from last year's unsuccessful “Educational Savings Accounts” to “Special Education Scholarship Accounts,” the intent is the same: Give parents an allotment of tax dollars to spend however they might choose. A companion bill in the House, HB 1591, carries an even more audacious price tag of as much as $366 million a year.
The bills ostensibly give parents the authority to decide how to educate their children, spending their government allotments on private schools, tutors or online instruction, with no accountability for the quality of the services. It's a school-choice supporter's dream and a taxpayer's nightmare – unlimited opportunity for abuse, an invitation to corruption and a destructive blow to neighborhood schools.
The legislation even takes control of the education dollars from the Indiana Department of Education and hands it to the state treasurer, with authority to outsource management of the savings accounts to a private bank.
A spokesman for state Superintendent Jennifer McCormick said the DOE does not support the Senate bill, but he could not confirm whether a department representative would testify against it today.
Lawmakers need to hear from taxpayers – quickly – that the privatization measures are too costly and too much.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Kelan Martin scored 26 points and Butler rolled past DePaul 80-57 on Saturday.
Martin, the second-leading scorer in the Big East, had 19 points in the first half when the Bulldogs (17-7, 7-4 Big East) took a 10-point lead with Martin hitting a 3-pointer to cap the first 20 minutes.
Martin added another 3-pointer to open the second half and the lead remained in double figures, reaching a high of 25 with 1:43 left on a 3-pointer by Campbell Donovan.
Paul Jorgensen had three of Butler's 10 3-pointers in scoring 13 points and Kamar Baldwin added 10 points for the Bulldogs, who have a four-game winning streak that started with a 79-67 win over the Blue Demons. Martin made 10 of his 11 free-throw attempts.
Marin Maric was the only DePaul (9-13, 2-8) player in double figures with 15.
DePaul committed 23 turnovers, 14 off steals, leading to 27 points.
In just 14 months, the Nets' Spencer Dinwiddie has gone from toiling in the G-League to a homecoming at NBA All-Star Weekend in Los Angeles.
The 24-year-old point guard won't play in the All-Star Game itself, but he has been selected to participate in the Skills Challenge as part of All-Star Weekend from Feb. 16-18 at Staples Center. It will be a special homecoming for Dinwiddie, who is from Woodland Hills, Calif.
“It's a great honor to be able to go there and participate and represent the Nets organization and all the hard work they invested in me,” said Dinwiddie, who scored 23 points, grabbed seven rebounds and handed out nine assists in a 102-99 loss to the Lakers on Friday at Barclays Center. “And I think the cherry on top is it's in L.A. and that's my hometown. So it's a wonderful feeling.”
After being drafted and traded by the Pistons, Dinwiddie got waived by the Bulls. He was laboring in the G-League with Windy City when the Nets signed him on Dec. 8, 2016. Given that sliver of opportunity, Dinwiddie has made good on it.
“A lot of guys get an opportunity in this league,” DeMarre Carroll said.. “Some guys get them early, some get them late, but when you get your opportunity you have to take advantage of it. You have to prove yourself.
“I feel like his opportunity came late and now he's proving himself. Him going to represent the Brooklyn Nets at the All-Star game is not [just] cool for him, but it's cool for the organization.”
Dinwiddie has kept the Nets afloat after Jeremy Lin and then D'Angelo Russell suffered knee injuries, the latter saying he didn't think Dinwiddie had gotten the credit he deserved for the job he had done. But that may be starting to change, and his bid to the Skills Challenge is proof.
“Big time, I think it's more than deserved. I think he's going to go out there and represent,” Russell said. “I think he's played well, and he's earned his respect around the league.”
The Skills Challenge will be at 8 p.m. on Saturday, Feb. 17, airing on TNT. Though Nets general manager Sean Marks had called to tip him off that he had made the cut, the official announcement aired on TNT as well Thursday night, and Dinwiddie got to share that moment with his family, visiting from California.
“Honestly one of those [special] moments was [Thursday] night and being able to sit with my family and have the announcement made on TNT, and them seeing it and it being really real for them, more than me just saying, ‘Hey guys, I got selected.' It's been a crazy journey,” Dinwiddie said. “It's been well-documented, never No. 1 in anything. Still hopefully a long way to go, hopefully one day being a real legitimate All-Star and a champion and all those things. But for now to be recognized at 24 years old after being in the G-League 13 months ago, 14 months ago, it's crazy. And for my family it's surreal, and for me even when you stop and smell the roses a little bit, it's pretty cool.
“Just to be able to share that moment with my parents — they were out here to watch a couple games right now, and they don't really get a chance to come out to New York that much — so it was just kind of a full circle moment. It was really cool.”
Now comes the tough part: filling ticket requests.
“Tickets are only an issue because they cost so much money,” said Dinwiddie, on a $1.5 million deal that Toronto coach Dwane Casey called the league's best bargain. “I understand a lot of these All-Stars, they've been in the league for a while, they're max players and whatnot. I wish they could give me a partial guarantee-type price. That'd be nice.”
After the Las Vegas shooting, WUWF's Sandra Averhart checked on local preparedness and experience with mass casualty incidents.
When a gunman opened fire on a country music festival in Las Vegas Sunday night, at least 58 people were killed and nearly 500 injured. It was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history and overwhelmed first responders and hospitals in the area.
In the wake of the tragedy, WUWF sought to find out about local preparation and experience dealing in with a Mass Casualty Incident.
The most recent and largest such event in the Pensacola area was on April 30, 2014, when two people were killed and scores injured following an explosion in the flooded basement of the Escambia County Jail Central Booking Facility.
“After the incident, our personnel arrived and the occupants of 600 prisoners and staff were rapidly trying to evacuate the building,” said Escambia County Public Safety Director Mike Weaver in a media briefing three-and-a-half years ago, detailing what first responders encountered in those initial minutes after the blast. He continued.
“At that time, our personnel had to step up and do rapid triage and during that time we transported and treated 184 victims, which were transported between the five local hospitals between the two counties.”
Weaver started his career as a Navy Corpsman, working out of NAS Pensacola for a time, and he's held various jobs during his 28 years with Escambia County. He says from the beginning of such mass emergencies, it's a carefully coordinated effort.
“So, with that is our responders coming up with the numbers, either red, yellow, green or black…they will then give those numbers with our dispatch centers who will be in communication with our hospitals, finding out what they can take at that time.
And, when a mass casualty incident – or MCI - occurs, each of the hospitals have a plan (and checklist) for dealing with the surge in patients.
“Very commonly, they'll start shutting down their operating rooms for any elective type surgeries, so that those rooms are available,” Weaver said, noting that all three hospitals in Pensacola are communicating with Escambia County dispatch and with each other about their capabilities at that time.
“That is correct. Also, some of them share physicians. Some physicians have admission rights at both hospitals, so they're all in communication about that.”
Locally, the closest Level I trauma center, with surgeons and emergency staff on duty 24 hours a day, is USA Medical Center in Mobile. In Pensacola, Sacred Heart and Baptist hospitals have Level II trauma centers, with surgeons on call and available within 20 minutes.
After the 2014 explosion, Weaver says they conducted an incident debriefing to discuss what went well and where improvements were needed. He points out that the event involving the jail was different from any they had dealt with before.
“Not only were these patients, but you also had to make sure control was maintained on them,” said Weaver, also pointing out that the response was carried out in darkness.
And, unlike Las Vegas, where victims scattered and were taking themselves to hospitals, Weaver says Pensacola's incident response team knew how many people were in the jail and were able to keep track of them.
“So, like I said at the beginning, when our dispatch is telling us ‘you can take ‘X amount' to Sacred Heart and ‘X amount' to Baptist, they (Vegas) may just have somebody pull up with a pickup truck with four people because it's taking a while for the ambulance to do them.”
The result is the hospital becomes overwhelmed.
Having your system overwhelmed is the primary basis for a mass casualty incident. The state of Florida classifies both the jail explosion and the Las Vegas shooting as Level 4, involving between 101 and 1,000 patients.
Level one involves at least five patients. But, Weaver says three can be a lot for some communities, so it's all relative.
“And depending on the community or what may be going on, an MCI with a level of five (that's five total victims) can be quite overwhelming. If you only have one ambulance in your town or hospitals are already at maximum capacity that can be a significant event, is as significant an event to any community as what has just happened in Las Vegas.”
Escambia emergency and law enforcement officials conduct training on a regular basis, including their annual hurricane and airport disaster exercises, as well as active shooter and Incident Command System training. As for the area's readiness for a mass casualty incident, Weaver says he believes they can handle it.
“I wouldn't want to say we're ready for it. It will be overwhelming. It will take time to care for the patients. But, also, in my time here, I've seen what this community can do.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Fifty-eight white crosses now line the green turf near the world-famous "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign.
Some carry memorabilia, like a black cowboy hat. Others have printed selfies that glow from lit candles.
But every cross features the name of a victim killed in Sunday's mass shooting.
"This row of crosses will show the severity of what really happened there," Greg Zanis told WGN. "More so than numbers and pictures in the paper."
The crosses traveled from Illinois to Nevada this week with Zanis, a retired Chicago-area carpenter who built each tribute.
This isn't the first time he is donating his handiwork.
Last year, he drove more than 1,000 miles to Orlando with 49 similar crosses for a similar reason -- to pay tribute to the victims of the Pulse nightclub shooting.
He brought crosses after the Columbine High School shooting. And the Colorado theater shooting. And erected them for the hundreds of gun violence victims in Chicago in 2016 and 2017.
His donations started in 1996 after finding the dead body of his father-in-law, who was killed by a gunshot wound to the head. To cope with the grief, Zanis built a cross.
And 20 years later, he continues to create memorial spaces for families and friends of gun violence victims. He says he has created about 20,000 crosses for tragedies throughout the country -- keeping Zanis' offer of compassion alive.
"I don't have any answers, but this is just me doing something, showing that I care, showing that I love them," Zanis told WGN earlier this year.
GLOPO recalls children's Joyrider three-wheeled scooters due to the front wheels of the scooter can detach when riding, posing a fall hazard.
This recall involves Joyrider three-wheeled scooters for children. They have a low, foot-gripping deck, multicolored handgrips, and an adjustable metal T-bar handle. The scooters are made of metal and plastic and come in a variety of colors. The tracking label sticker can be found on the back of the scooter, with batch PO number of G20140423. Recalled model numbers are: GT5048R, GT5110R, GT5121R, GT5124R, GT5125R, GT5122R, GT5117R, GT5123R. Model numbers can be found on the bottom of the scooter base, on the receipt and on the packaging.
Consumers should immediately stop using recalled scooters and contact GLOPO for instructions on receiving a free repair kit.
Consumers can contact GLOPO toll-free at 855-965-1704 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or online at www.GlopoUsa.com and click on "Online Form" for more information.
The scooters were sold online at Amazon.com from October 2014 through January 2016 for about $80 and at Zulily.com from June 2014 through July 2015 for about $50.
Canada's legalized marijuana must be sold with plain packaging and health warnings, while smaller producers face strict limits on crop sizes, according to draft rules released in advance of legalization.
Among other proposals, marijuana packages can only display one “brand element” beyond the product's name, and symbols can't be larger than the government's obligatory warning that's shaped like a stop sign. The federal government said it plans to license “micro” growers if they restrict their crop area to 200 square meters, or about 2,150 square feet.
The plain packaging and health warning labels Source: Health Canada
Canada is gearing up to become the first Group of Seven nations to permit recreational pot use, and the restrictions may affect the profitability of publicly-traded companies such as Canopy Growth Corp., Aurora Cannabis Inc. and Organigram Holdings Inc. Monday's proposed rules were released to give companies extra time to prepare, according to the documents. Parliament must still give final approval to the legalization bill, with the market expected to open sometime this summer.
“Consistent with the Task Force on Cannabis Legalization and Regulation's recommendation to require plain packaging of cannabis products, the regulations would set strict requirements related to the use of branding, logos, and colors,” Health Canada said in the report from Ottawa.
Read about the earlier debate about marijuana packaging
While Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's government hoped to legalize marijuana by July, the fate of the law's passage remains unclear because of delays in the unelected Senate. Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor said in February the Senate might pass the bill by June and the market could be open eight to 12 weeks after that. Senators have said they need extra time to evaluate how legal marijuana will affect law enforcement and U.S. relations.
Canada released a report on legal weed today. The authors needed a way to compare the maximum size of a licensed "micro-cultivation" area.
And lo, in all its Canadian glory: pic.twitter.com/6LXInrOzuX — Josh Wingrove (@josh_wingrove) March 19, 2018
The labeling rules also called for health warnings on a bright yellow background with accompanying text such as “Do not use if pregnant or breastfeeding,” pushing the rules more toward those governing the sale of tobacco. Some companies had asked for more relaxed rules, similar to those for beer and wine.
“Plain packaging that treats cannabis like tobacco is outrageous and scientifically wrong,” Cam Battley, chief corporate officer of Edmonton-based Aurora Cannabis said by phone. “The federal government is risking a policy fail.”
The move upends Canada's goal of replacing the existing black market with a legal, safer one as the proposed restrictions hamper companies' ability to compete and differentiate their products, he said. Products available illegally “are beautifully packaged and branded” and the rules are a move in the “wrong direction,” he said.
— With assistance by Jen Skerritt, and Josh Wingrove
MILLBRAE — A couple visiting from out of state was robbed at gunpoint outside the Millbrae Pancake House on Friday, according to the San Mateo County Sheriff's Office.
The robbery occurred about 1:20 p.m. in the parking lot of the eatery at 1301 El Camino Real.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Two suspects approached the victims and stole their property at gunpoint, according to the sheriff's office.
Descriptions of the suspects, who covered their faces during the robbery, were not available. They were last seen getting into a dark-colored sedan and traveling north on Broadway.
The victims were not injured.
(NBC NEWS) An off-duty firefighter and another man working to pull a woman from a burning car fell off a Florida bridge and into the St. Johns river Friday.
Miraculously, everyone survived with only minor injuries.
- Advertisement -
Authorities said Rhonda Nagy slowed down for a separate crash which happened ahead of her, then was struck by another vehicle that failed to do the same.
Both vehicles quickly caught fire.
Lt. Jason McNally, an off-duty Orange County fire rescue lieutenant, stopped to help Zachary Daniels, the driver of the second vehicle, get Nagy out of her burning car.
While the pair were pulling Nagy from her vehicle, McNally and Daniels both fell over the bridge and into the St. Johns River.
McNally says he didn't realize they were on the bridge until he fell.
“No idea we were on the bridge still, it happened so fast, the next thing I know when I went to put my foot down, I didn't have her with me. I was falling 30 to 40 feet and the next fear was that I'd hit the concrete, you have no idea how relieved I was to hit the water,” he says.
Read more: http://bit.ly/2pq5OFN
Odell Beckham, Giants shut down amid report of drugs on boat What happens in Miami Beach stays in Miami Beach. After a report surfaced that drugs were being offered on the boat that Giants wide receivers Odell Beckham Jr., Victor Cruz,...
Teen killed parents after hosting drug-fueled house party: police ECLECTIC, Ala. — A central Alabama teenager was jailed on a murder charge after an apparent dispute over a house party and drugs led to the shooting deaths of his...
Why this ADHD drug for kids is so controversial This new ADHD medication for kids comes in a fruity package. Adzenys XR-ODT, an extended-release amphetamine, was released in May and is aimed at children 6 years and older with...
American workers are a bunch of drug users American workers are cracked out on amphetamines. A study by prescription-drug manager Express scripts found the use of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) medications such as Adderall, Vyvanse and Focalin spiked by...
College students most likely to try stimulants near exams, booze and pot in the summer CHICAGO — Parents worried that their college-bound children might succumb to the temptations of campus life may want to take note of a new analysis that found that students tend...
What's behind epidemic of financial industry deaths? A rash of eight financial-industry suicides so far in 2014 has mental-health professionals trying to understand what's behind it. In late winter many people suffer from depression, but for bankers this...
ADHD does not exist Pop quiz: Is the proportion of American children suffering from the disease known as attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder . . . a) Less than 5%, as we believed before...
Mansfield Town manager Steve Evans was full of praise for midfield ace Alex MacDonald after his spectacular goal and another superb display in today's 3-1 home win over bottom club Barnet.
MacDonald scored a superb curling goal just before the break to put Stags in charge and on their way to three points and Evans smiled: “I said Alex MacDonald could play in the Championship – and he endorsed that today.
"Not just with his effort and determination to get around the pitch but with a stunning goal.
“It was one of our best goals of the season, but he does that on a regular basis in training.
“We encourage the wee man to pull the trigger and get it on target. He's not short on confidence and nor should he be. He's got a heart the size of Big Ben. I love the boy.”
Stags dominated the game and could have won by a bigger margin, but in the end conceded a late goal after a poor header back to his keeper by Rhys Bennett which encouraged a late Barnet onslaught.
“We should have had seven. The dominance was there for everyone to see,” said Evans.
“I thought we were brilliant until the last few minutes.
“The gulf was massive and that is credit to everyone of the boys as Barnet have got some good players.
“We had to step up and produce a really solid performance.
“The way we moved the ball in the second half was impressive.
“It should have been a clean sheet. I don't know what was going through his mind when Rhys tried to head it back. It was a poor decision.
“We battled away, scored a fantastic goal from Macca, having missing a couple of chances before that.
“Second half we spoke about concentration levels and moving the ball quicker and I thought we were brilliant for the first 40 minutes.”
Evans continued: “We were quicker and sharper, played a lot of one-twos, and had a lot of chances.
“We scored two goals and it looked like it was going to be four or five. Then Rhys Bennett decides to be a player. When Rhys decides to be a player he's not very good.
“That should have been put in row Z. If he makes many more errors like that he goes out. There are competitions for places.
“It just creates some uncertainty at the end with them putting balls into the box. I am sure Rhys will learn from it as he was otherwise excellent.”
Stags might have had an early penalty when Rose went down and Evans said: “I don't know what we have to do to get a penalty. The one on Danny Rose after 10 minutes or do was potentially a game-changer, but we don't get those decisions.”
4 Charts to Know: Semiconductor Sigh of Relief
Investors in the semiconductor industry breathed a sigh of relief after Texas Instruments reported first-quarter earnings and second-quarter guidance that topped estimates - a counterpoint to fears of weakening demand after TSMC and Lam Research released disappointing forecasts. Ramy Inocencio has the Bloomberg Terminal charts you need to know on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Asia." (Source: Bloomberg)
It's hard to imagine what it's like driving 200 miles per hour and have the car brakes fail, but that's exactly what happened this weekend to NASCAR's Jimmie Johnson and Jamie McMurray at Pocono Raceway – also known as the Tricky Triangle.
Back-to-back, they each lost their brakes and smashed hard into the wall, and McMurray had to jump out of his flaming car.
Thankfully, both drivers were OK, and the released radio scanner audio sheds a little light on what was going through seven-time champion Johnson's head immediately following his crash.
When Johnson's spotter, Earl Barban, asked if he was all right, the No. 48 driver responded:
“Yeah, thank God! (Expletive) brakes failed. Wowzers! Wowzers! Wowzers!” “Whew, I got away with one there,” he added.
Here's a closer look at the moment Johnson's brakes failed and the crash that followed.
After being cleared by the infield car center, Johnson explained why he sat down on the track after, telling USA TODAY Sports:
“When the brakes fail like that, there's so much time to think about the crash, and I just needed a minute,” Johnson said. “I thought it was going to be a lot worse than that. And to have it turn out where I basically just scared myself and got out of the car and walked away, I just needed a second to sit down and catch my breath. But, honestly, I have no sore spots or aches. I feel fine.”
Read more about Johnson's and McMurray's terrifying crashes over at USA TODAY Sports.
Fresh and good ideas are precious gold in the right circumstances. And in the design world, when ‘young', ‘innovative' and ‘beautiful' combine: trends, crazes, or even movements can happen.
SaloneSatellite is the leading global design appointment for talented young designers and a revelation of the ideas that will shape the next decades in the design industry.
The event happens inside the Salone del Mobile Milano, the biggest furniture and design event worldwide, making the SaloneSatellite a dream hub for any emerging creative, and the IT place to interact with talent scouts, manufactures and the most promising young designers.
The SaloneSatellite has been seeking out, valorising and offering concrete possibilities to designers under 35 for 21 years. This year, between 19-22 April, the event offered a 2,800 square metre halls for 650 promising talents.
The event is tailor-made for young designers to succeed. When Euronews asked Marva Griffin, head and curator of SaloneSatellite who her favourite was, she answered: "I don't have one, and if I did, I wouldn't tell you. My main concern is that all designers feel comfortable and happy."
Griffin's concern has been worth having, the SaloneSatellite is said to be the greatest acceleration initiative there is for promising and young design worldwide.
The event is a door into the future, a revelation of the shape that design will take in the forthcoming years. And a gratifying vision of a new generation that wishes to convey the perfect balance between function, beauty and sustainability.
Promising new trends
As the Salone del Mobile said in a statement, 2018' showed no single approach, but many different, and this lack of a well-defined trend should be seen as a trend on its own. The SaloneSatellite is a great representation of this statement.
New talents seem to be fascinated by globalisation, and they pride themselves on being actors of the unification of many cultures, respecting heritage and contemporaneity, through art.
The young designers' event describes 2018's creations as a “mix of experimentation, memory, nature and the force of matter, anthropomorphism, creative recycling, cross-pollination and digital effects, all with the power to amaze and excite.”
The SaloneStallite award selected three projects that stand out “because of the message they embody, focusing not just on the formal incisiveness of their design but also their sustainable, communicative, interactive and ludic element.”
These are the furniture objects that were valuable to the 2018 critics, they represent some of the concepts that could mould the next decades in the design industry.
Two words to describe them all? Smart design.
First Prize
Cucina Leggera (Light Kitchen)
by Stefano Carta Vasconcellos, Italy
Cucina Leggera is a kitchen unit without screws or hardware, that can be assembled interlocking only seven elements.
The award was given considering the sort of design approach that the designer used: the kind that will continue to hold good for future years to come.
"Ease of construction and assembly, compactness and financial accessibility are the main characteristics of the Light Kitchen"
Second prize
Tink Things
by Tink Things, Croatia
Tink Things are kids furniture that considers their wide spectrum of sensory needs. The designs bring a shape that is comfortable and interactive for all kids, two essential elements for children's' development.
The award recognised how Tink Things sees children as what they truly are: children. While staying true to their real necessities.
Third prize
Soft Block
by Yuri Himuro, Japan
Soft Block is a home decoration set of objects that resemble a block toy. Made of soft and bending material, the product allows the user to transform and 'finish' the shape.
Soft Block was awarded for promoting the interaction and creativity of the user, and for demonstrating the ability of fabric to become a three-dimensional and modular element.
The only time we've behaved all weekend #Squaaaaaaaa A post shared by Daniel Sullivan (@dsullivan23) on Apr 15, 2017 at 12:51pm PDT
Newly single Aaron Rodgers is already on the wedding circuit.
The Green Bay Packers quarterback, who split from girlfriend Olivia Munn earlier this month after three years of dating, served as a groomsman Saturday at teammate Randall Cobb's nuptials in New York.
Cobb, the star wide receiver, and Aiyda Ghahramani kicked off their wedding weekend with a rehearsal dinner at Midtown eatery Shay & Ivy, according to TheKnot.com. The couple celebrated their big day with a reception at The Pierre hotel, where they were joined by 250 guests, including Rodgers, 33, and fellow wide receiver Jordy Nelson.
It appears Munn, 36, wasn't in attendance for the lavish affair, though she and Ghahramani reportedly grew close during her relationship with Rodgers, even spending one Christmas together, per TMZ.
Rodgers reportedly called it quits with Munn, who is said to be “devastated” by the breakup.
“She hopes they can work things out and get back together,” a source told Us Weekly.
Rodgers has been spending his offseason in Los Angeles, forging some new Hollywood habits, according to the magazine; Munn has been filming a movie in Vancouver.
Artists in St. Pete are banding together to clean up four downtown murals that were vandalized last week. St. Pete artists were stunned at disappointed to see the graffiti.
RELATED: Police looking for vandals who threw paint on 4 St. Pete murals, causing more than $7,000 in damage
“This is our town and we take pride that this is a community that doesn't have a whole lot of vandalism,” said John Vitale.
Vitale said it may be someone in the art community who is behind the graffiti. Investigators said that is a theory they are looking into.
"It could be a publicity stunt or somebody gets mad that someone is taking their style, but there isn't a lot of room for that drama in the art scene, its just going to hurt us,” said Vitale.
Vitale said he is joining forces with other artists to clean up the artwork. The hope is to restore the works to their original beauty.
“Lets just make it better we have the time to do that, so that what we are trying to do,” said Vitale.
NOTE FROM THE EDITOR
NOTE FROM THE EDITOR: Please send me your family pictures of the Easters of yesteryear. I am particularly interested in pictures that highlight the fashions that included Easter bonnets and corsages on the ladies and gentlemen in their Easter finest which may or may not include the leisure suit statement. To be included in this week's edition, I will need them by noon Tuesday. Please submit to manningtimeseditor@gmail.com Thank you!
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Ivanka Trump's brand is flourishing as the first daughter crafts a new career from her West Wing office. Sales hit record levels. Imports and distribution are up. Her company has provisionally won four new trademarks from China since the inauguration, and applied for at least nine new trademarks around the world since the election.
Trump still owns her brand, but stepped back from management and has pledged to avoid conflict. But some argue that under criminal conflict of interest laws, her expanding business threatens to encroach on the ability of both Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, to deliver credible counsel to the president on core issues like trade and intellectual property.
Related Coverage Brewin' up with Coal Yard Coffee
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — We're talking this java morning.
24-Hour News 8's Dick Wolfsie is on a tour of local coffee shops.
First up, he headed down to the south side to check out Strange Brew Coffee in Greenwood.
The locally-owned shop has been open for about 14 years. Owner Daniel Carr says it is the oldest coffee shop in Greenwood and is all about creating a community feel.
“We have local artists that we give space to,” Carr said. “We don't take profits from their sales. What they sell is what they get. And we rotate them out every once and a while. So, we like to support the local art community.”
What do customers think of the shop?
“People from all sorts of walks of life come in here, they enjoy their products,” said Andrew Dills. “It's just wonderful place for drinks and gathering and a sense of oneness.”
Next up, Dick popped up to Rabble Coffee on the east side just near 10th and Rural streets.
General Manager Josie Hunckler highlighted what the shop is doing for the community.
“We have a pay-it-forward system,” Hunckler said. “There's a lot of scarcity in our neighborhood and we're just trying to, like, help feed people and get people coffees. So what you can do here is you can buy a burrito or a medium coffee for someone else.”
The company has a token system to help with their pay-it-forward system.
The earlier map has been a campaign winner for Republicans, leading them to a 13-5 edge in the state's congressional delegation for all three elections in which it was used.
Before the new map, Democrats in Pennsylvania were looking to pick up two to three seats on a good night. With the new maps, Democrats have a shot at five to six seats.
And with Democrats needing to pick up 23 seats to win back the House, those extra districts are a big deal.
The three-judge panel issued its decision with just one day left for the state's congressional candidates to circulate petitions to get on the May 15 primary ballot. It said it had no authority to act in the matter except to dismiss the case.
"The plaintiffs invite us to opine on the appropriate balance of power between the Commonwealth's legislature and judiciary in redistricting matters, and then to pass judgment on the propriety of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court's actions under the United States Constitution," the judges wrote. "These are things that, on the present record, we cannot do."
Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf called the ruling the right decision and said it will let the state move ahead with a fair map.
The Democratic majority on the state Supreme Court had ruled in January that a map Republicans crafted in 2011 amounted to an unconstitutional gerrymander.
After Wolf and lawmakers in the GOP-controlled General Assembly did not produce a replacement, the court enacted its own map last month and gave candidates extra time for petition gathering.
Monday's decision comes in a federal case brought a month ago by eight sitting Republican congressmen and two GOP state senators. They argued the state justices infringed on the Legislature's prerogative and did not give lawmakers enough time to come up with a replacement.
The panel said the senators have only two votes in their chamber, calling that "inadequate as a matter of law to allow a lawsuit premised on an institutional injury to the General Assembly." The eight Republican congressmen, the judges wrote, may have wasted resources campaigning in their old districts, but they cannot prove that was caused by a violation of the U.S. Constitution's Elections Clause.
A firefighter tries to extinguish a fire at a house during a forest fire at Kalamos village, north of Athens, on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Fires breaking out across Greece have stretched firefighting capabilities to the limit, authorities say, voicing suspicions that at least some of the fires have been started deliberately. Yorgos Karahalis AP Photo
We at The Loop would like to first make clear that, generally speaking, we are in favor of both 6-year-olds and people who get independently wealthy. We love them both! Six-year-olds are old enough to enjoy object permanence, appreciate puns and watch Tom and Jerry , yet young enough that they haven't yet formed opinions or established that your screen time rules and behavioral punishments are 100% arbitrary. And getting rich is awesome! Good for people who get rich! Unless you're born into it because your real-estate carnival-barker father invented a bunch of stories about himself to the New York media in the ‘80s, you know what, this is for another story time.
Yet it is with a certain degree of horror and a certain quantity of sideways glances at our student loan bills that we report a tale of a 6-year-old child—an adorable, inventive 6-year-old child—who made $11 million reviewing toys on YouTube this year, according to Forbes' godawful annual list of YouTube celebrities , which comes out every year and is responsible for whatever increase in suicide rates you see this week. Planet Earth's 10 highest-paid YouTubers last year earned $127 million, a figure that was up 80 percent from the previous year, so when you're spending the holiday worried about your manufacturing, education or journalism job, comfort yourself with the notion that adults filming themselves video games on YouTube will do just fine in the New Global Economy.
The child in question is the host of Ryan ToysReview , a questionably grammatical channel that has attracted 10 million followers by posting videos of this kid — who is, again, adorable — opening boxes of toys and playing with them. Here are the words this site uses to distinguish itself: “Toys Review for kids by a kid! Join Ryan to see him play with toys and review toys for kids! He loves Cars, Trains, Thomas and friends, Lego, Superheroes, Disney toys, open surprise eggs, play doh, Pixar Disney cars , Disney Planes, monster trucks, minions, playtime at the fun, family fun adventure and so much more!” Normally we'd make a throwaway gag about the spelling and punctuation here, but this text represents a pretty solid morning in the world of the president.
All these forehead-slapping figures exist because today's youth stars come not from the usual outlets — cable TV, the Marvel Cinematic Universe and Guns N' Roses, primarily — but rather YouTube, where they thrill viewers with such escapades as “playing Minecraft” and “opening boxes” and “talking about the objects in the boxes they just opened.” Forbes's list of your new least favorite people includes — all of these are real — several twentysomethings who play Minecraft, several other twentysomethings who play other video games, some other people who play video games, additional people who engaged in regular video-game play, Jake Paul (who is described as a “villain” for reasons that are not remotely villainous) and a “boisterous Swedish video game commenter” who reportedly included anti-Semitic messages in his video game commenting. If I sound like a dying nonagenarian flipping through daytime-talk in his motorchair, get bent, put your commenting fingers down and this isn't vanilla pudding, I said vanilla pudding, pay f**king attention.
Unlike most of those actual adults, Ryan is certainly adorable and endearing, and you can see why other children would be into his enthusiasm (and capitalization). Ryan ToysReview's biggest video features Ryan reviewing a “GIANT EGG SURPRISE” box that contained hundreds of toys from “Cars.” Currently, 800 million people have watched this. Generally speaking, his most popular videos included SURPRISES, such as “HUGE EGGS SURPRISE TOYS CHALLENGE,” “BALLOON POP SURPRISE,” “SURPRISE TOYS Giant Ball Pit Challenge,” and well you get the idea, they're not messing with the formula much here.
Look, again, AGAIN, we like 6-year-olds, We're generally in favor of enthusiasm. We love surprises of all kinds, balloon pop and otherwise! But stories like this make us wonder if we'd ever let that many people have access to our children doing anything, wait, no they don't, f**k no absolutely not what is happening here? Ryan's family has said they'll close the channel when the boy gets bored of making videos, thus closing down a revenue stream that creates $11 million in a single year, so look for this trend to slow down never.
Baby it's cold outside and you aren't staying in. With apologies to Dean Martin (he wrote the song “Baby, It's Cold Outside”), we are diving into a quick look at 10 winter jackets for men.
What to Look For in a Men's Winter Jacket
When you're shopping for a men's winter jacket (or a winter coat for men — we're using the terms interchangeably), there are a few things to consider.
* Is it waterproof or water resistant? If you're going to be doing some hiking in a drizzle, water resistant should work. If you're going to be boarding all day, you're probably going to want something waterproof.
* What kind of insulation do you want? Usually you're going to find a synthetic insulation in a men's winter jacket, but maybe you want to go with down or down/feather fill. This is personal preference, since synthetics can be just as warm as down.
* What will you be doing in your jacket? If you're getting a workout in it — maybe you're skiing, maybe you're chopping wood, maybe you're doing yard work — you might want a lighter jacket that you can remove when the going gets too warm. If you're not going to be doing anything too strenuous, a heavier winter jacket should keep you comfy and looking good. (Truth be told, all the entries below will have you looking very good.)
If you're searching for something less outdoorsy, but a winter coat that you can wear when it's, a) cold and, b) time for a bit more dressy gear, consider a men's duffel coat. They're beautiful and they've got a cool pedigree.
Before you make your decision on what kind of coat you're aiming for, take a look at this video from Sierra Trading Post, because they get a bit more detailed on what to shop for.
Don't discount the advice about the jacket's looks: you gotta get something you're gonna love. When you feel good, you look good. And you'll look great in any one of these pieces from our 10 Best Winter Jackets for Men 2018.
1. Wantdo Men's Waterproof Mountain Ski Jacket
This is an exceedingly popular piece from Wantdo. More than 2,500 customer reviews with a 4.1 star (out of five) rating. Poly shell with cotton padding insulation and fleece lining. The details for this winter jacket for men are numerous:
* fleece lined
* detachable (zippered) hood
* waterproof
* adjustable cuffs
* interior snap powder skirt
* interior drawcord hem
* adjustable cuffs with stretchable glove with thumbhole
* two diagonal zippered front pockets with flaps
* one zippered chest pocket
* two interior pockets
This is billed by the manufacturer as a ski jacket, good for using while skiing, snowboarding or other outdoor winter sports. It's available in six different colors. Considering all the details and customer reviews, these men's winter jacket is a fantastic bargain at this price.
Price: $69.89 and up (depending on size/color selected)
2. Columbia Men's Alpine Action Jacket
From the venerable outerwear company, Columbia. The men's Alpine Action Jacket is a super good looking piece with great technical aspects to keep you warm. Columbia's trademarked “Omni-Heat” and “Omni-Tech” are described by the company as “magic in a little silver dot. Breathable material with little silver dots that reflect body heat.” This winter coat, which is 100 percent poly, features a snap-back powder skirt and removable storm hood, which is great for skiers and boarders. It features a zippered chest pocket, zippered hand pockets, a media pocket, a goggles pocket, comfort cuffs, a drop tail and adjustable cuff tabs. The price is terrific: If we were gonna nab these men's winter jacket in our size (XL), the cost would be a 30 percent savings over MSRP. Customer reviews are great, with a 4.5 out of 5-star rating average. Shown here in “graphite/super blue” the jacket is also available in 12 more colors(as of this writing). Another option from Columbia is the Northridge Lodge 700 Fill Puffer Jacket.
Price: $102 and up (depending on size/color selected)
3. Alpha Industries Men's N-3B Parka Coat
This is a men's winter jacket with a pedigree. In the mid 1950s, Alpha Industries started making jackets and other garments for the U.S. military. The N-3B was produced for air force crews. Starting in the 1980s, the company began producing the N-3B for the general consumer market. This jacket is 100 percent nylon and features a water repellant outer shell with a polyester inner lining. It's a front-zip piece with a toggle button placket to further enhance its weather resistant features. Jackets like this are sometimes called “snorkel jackets” because the hood can be synched up so tightly that just a small air hole is the only opening. The parka features reinforced elbow patches and inset knit cuffs. The drawstring hood is removable trim (faux fur and fleece). There are two front flap pockets and a zippered utility pocket on the sleeve. Available in black, blue, sage and gun metal.
Price: $86.19 and up (depending on size/color selected)
4. Tommy Hilfiger Men's Micro Twill Full-Length Hooded Parka Coat
This longer (mid-thigh) piece from Tommy Hilfiger is poly/nylon on the outer shell and has 100 percent poly fill. Gets favorable reviews (4.2 out of 5-star rating average), including one user who, when asked if the jacket is waterproof, answered yes: “Worn under the Parisian drizzle, without getting wet.” The removable hood features removable faux fur with four button-flap front pockets. It's a zippered front with a snap button placket. There are four front pockets, all featuring button closures: two main pockets (which also feature diagonal slide in pockets) and two smaller chest pockets. Ribbed cuffs help keep the cold out, too. These men's winter jacket is machine washable. Available in black, navy and olive.
Price: $119.99
5. Spyder Leader Jacket
The Spyder Men's Leader Jacket is Spyder's best selling men's winter jacket. This is a serious waterproof jacket designed to keep you warm without feeling constricted. Its synthetic lining is 3M Thinsulate. The hood, which is compatible for use with a helmet, is removable. It's fully seam taped and features an anti-abrasion overlay film. It's got a snap-back interior powder skirt with a stretch panel and a core ventilation system. The center zipper and the hand and chest pocket zippers are waterproof. The jacket features Velcro adjustable cuffs with gussets, interior stretch cuffs with thumbholes and a drawcord adjustable hem. It features a data card pocket, internal zippered pocked, internal mesh goggle pocket and has a chamois lens wipe. The jacket averages a 4.9 customer rating (out of five stars). If you're looking at outdoor pants from Spyder to go with the jacket, these “Troublemaker” pants could be for you.
Price: $238.93 and up (depending on size/color selected)
6. Andrew Marc Blizzard Down Parka with Fleece Bib
For the guy who wants a warm winter jacket for men but doesn't need the hood. This is a 100 percent poly shell with a 60/40 grey duck down fill. It features four fleece-lined pockets — two main pockets and two chest pockets — with zippers. There's an interior cell phone pocket. The main closure is a zipper, but it also features a snap button placket. Further enhancing the weatherproof aspect is a zip-front removable microfiber fleece bib. The jacket is considered lightweight and the shell is water resistant. For something even more formidable from Andrew Marc, the Cumberland down jacket features a coyote trim removable hood.
Price: $61.49 and up (depending on size/color selected)
7. The North Face Inlux Insulated Jacket
A very sleek, very weatherproof men's winter jacket from The North Face. The men's Inlux is waterproof and windproof. It features a zipper closure with a Velcro closure storm flap and fleece lining throughout the body and collar, with light insulation in the sleeves and hood. The two front diagonal hand pockets are zippered and there's also a secure zip Napoleon chest pocket. The hood is fully adjustable and is removable. Insulated with the company's proprietary synthetic “Heatseeker” insulation. Comes with a lifetime warranty and is available in 11 different colors. For something even heavier duty from The North Face, check out the Gotham Jacket III.
Price: $99.94 (depending on size/color selected)
8. English Laundry Outerwear Jacket
This is a bit longer (mid-thigh) men's winter jacket featuring a removable faux fur trimmed hood with plaid flannel lining. The hood also features a front Velcro closure on the collar. There are two main front pockets with button closures and there are also side entry pockets. Additionally, two chest pockets with button closures. It's a zipper front and it features a button placket over the zipper which gives it an additional layer of anti-elements protection. The cuffs are banded for that extra protection against the cold breeze up the sleeve. Poly fill and water resistant shell.
Price: $31.18 and up (depending on size/color selected)
9. Legendary Whitetails Glacier Ridge Pro Series Winter Jacket
This water resistant men's winter jacket, with a nylon/poly blend shell, features the company's proprietary Reflextec lining, which is designed to retain the wearer's body heat. The Glacier Ridge features a zippered front and a detachable hood with a Velcro collar closure. The sleeves feature under arm vents that are zippered, which allows you to control the amount of air flow, depending on your heating or cooling needs. The cuffs are adjustable and the coat features six pockets, including two large zippered front pockets.
Price: $149.99-$159.99 (depending on size/color selected)
10. Freeze Defense Men's 3-in-1 Winter Jacket with Vest
This is gonna be a warm jacket, to put it mildly. The “3-in-1” aspect is that the jacket (1) includes a zip-out vest that can be worn by itself (2), or worn in tandem with the jacket (3). Both the jacket and the vest are fully insulated with synthetic material and they feature water and wind resistant nylon shells. These men's coat features nine zippered pockets along with an internal chest pocket. It's got an elastic waist cord, adjustable wrist cuffs and a removable insulated hood. Freeze Defense says that the coat has been used in -20 degrees (f) wind chills and remained warm. There aren't a ton of reviews (just a bit more than 50) but the average rating is 4.6 out of five stars.
Price: $99 and up (depending on size/color selected)
One more thing before you go: take a listen to Dino's version of “Baby, It's Cold Outside.”
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
On this edition of the TJSlideways.com Podcast we talk to Jimmy McCune about his sprint car adventure to South Africa. Then the show closes with Michael Pickens discussing his two feature wins in one night at Western Springs Speedway in Auckland, New Zealand.
Chicago Cubs prospect Ian Happ has been part of trade rumors amid the team's slow start. Should the Cubs trade him for big league help or keep him for the future?
Making a contender, or continuing to improve one, requires different actions. Valuable pieces that can help with both are minor league prospects. Teams have two uses for them: breed them into becoming their next contributors, or trade them away for big league talent. The Chicago Cubs have done a little of both, and they have a decision on which route to take with their top prospect Ian Happ. On one hand, Happ is tearing up Triple-A. On the other, he could be a valuable trade piece for the Cubs to improve their roster in hopes of a repeat.
Teams are always looking to improve right now
MLB teams are always looking to improve their rosters during the season to make a push for a World Series championship. The Cubs did it last season with the acquisition of closer Aroldis Chapman. In fact, if you look at past champions, many of them have made trades before or at the trade deadline to acquire a key piece to add to their roster. It is a move that can make or break a team at times. The best way to get big-time MLB talent is to give up a prospect with a lot of potential. It is a high-risk deal that can propel a team to where they want to be. It can also hinder the future if the prospect pans out and the big leaguer doesn't.
That leads us to the question about the Cubs. Should they trade Ian Happ to get a major piece for a championship repeat? With their early struggles, speculation is running wild. The truth is, Happ is a big-time talent according to his production in the minors. This season with Triple-A Iowa, he has six home runs in 11 games to go along with a .310 batting average. He just seems to be getting better, also. He struck out five times in his first four games, but has only whiffed once in the last seven.
To trade him would be a desperation move this early in the season, as the Cubs have viable options at almost all positions. What would they trade him for? Relief help? Starting pitching? The Indians traded an incredible amount for reliever Andrew Miller last season by shipping prospects Justus Sheffield and Clint Frazier to the Yankees in exchange. It almost got the Indians a championship. Time will tell, though, if they gave up too much.
No reason to stockpile prospects if they can't be used
On the other hand, when will Happ get his time to become a regular big leaguer? They have Ben Zobrist and Javy Baez who can play Happ's current position of second base. If that is the mindset, then by all means trade him. The Red Sox traded Manuel Margot for Craig Kimbrel and it didn't hit them too hard on account of their outfield depth, which is quite impressive. There is no reason to keep a player in the minor leagues when help can be acquired for him. He can help another team in the future, while at the same time bringing in some talent that can help Chicago now.
Happ may not be in the Cubs' future plans
More from Call to the Pen
Happ, while being a top prospect, probably isn't in the Cubs' plans for the foreseeable future. He is originally a third baseman, a position manned by reigning National League MVP Kris Bryant. His current position of second base is being held down by two reliable big leaguers.
The Cubs have a ton of young talent playing in the majors. Their team is set to keep building and improving for years to come. Happ could potentially be stuck in the minors if he stays. With a trade, the Cubs could acquire another starter that could eventually be the key to another title run.
A prospect like Happ is usually a gem a team holds onto. With the amount of young guys the Cubs have, he has become expendable in the best possible way for the Cubs and for himself. The best option is to trade him at this point. If he wants to break into the big leagues and play consistently, it will be with another club unless an injury to key Cubs says otherwise.
The Cubs have other options in the farm system they can groom instead of Happ. Happ is the most ready to make his big league debut, making him the most likely piece in a trade to bolster their pitching. All signs point to Happ going elsewhere.
It's the right move for right now
Weighing all of the options, it shouldn't hurt the Cubs, who have done a great job with producing talent now and for the future. While the move doesn't need to be made just yet, expect the Cubs to shop him around closer to the deadline. Pitching is always a necessity, and the Cubs could use some. The perfect piece to acquire the missing link to a repeat is Ian Happ. Time will tell how he will end up in the majors, but with the talent the Cubs have now, they won't be missing out.
This article originally appeared on
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
There isn't a lot of music out there where people really give a message right now, or speaks to humanity as a whole.
He said he took lessons from his father's "Exodus" as he was crafting the album.
"It is a rebellion of love, rebellion of more peace, the rebellion of more unity, the rebellion of less discrimination," Marley explained. "This is a rebellion ... this album to me is a voice or a force to help to push that forward because in one of the songs I say 'only the willing will see their dreams'."
Marley started writing and recording Rebellion Rises during the US election season, and filtered his frustrations with politics through largely upbeat songs with swinging reggae rhythms.
"There's so many fake leaders in Africa right now. The continent of Africa that should be unified, that have so much wealth, that have so much richness. Why is the people of Africa suffering so much? Because lack of leadership in Africa.
"There isn't a lot of music out there where people really give a message right now or speaks to humanity as a whole. Rebellion Rises, for me, is the voice of humanity in a way," he said.
Marley recorded with just a handful of musicians, and his only formal guests on the collection of 10 songs are his wife, son and daughter.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brentford boss Dean Smith slammed the performance of referee Keith Stroud after seeing his side beaten 3-2 by Reading at Madejski Stadium.
John Swift opened the scoring for Royals on Tuesday night, but the team were pegged back by strikes from Jota and Lasse Vibe which turned the game on its head.
However, following a triple substitution by Jaap Stam, Reading went on to score two goals through Danny Williams and Roy Beerens to complete a comeback.
But Smith was critical of the referee's performance, claiming there were problems with Reading's first two goals.
The Brentford manager said: "For me, there's a contentious issue for the second goal.
"Chris Gunter catches the ball off the pitch and runs 10 yards to take the throw in.
"It should not have stood, and the officiating has got to be better as it's costing us too many points.
"I thought the first goal was offside too."
"Only one winner"
Smith also said he thought his side were going to go on and win the game after having a 2-1 advantage.
The 45-year-old claims his side did not deserve to lose the game.
"On the whole, I can't remember Dan Bentley making too many saves, whereas their keeper kept them in the game.
"Our attacking intent at times was very good, and when we matched their energy and got higher up the pitch it looked like there was only going to be one winner.
"I thought we were excellent at times and didn't deserve to lose, so it's hard to take."
Don't forget you can keep up to date with the latest Royals action via the free getreading app.
You can even set it to receive push notifications for all the breaking Reading FC news.
Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here .
WASHINGTON — The Latest on President Donald Trump and North Korea (all times local):
6:45 p.m.
The Trump administration is considering nominating the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, Adm. Harry Harris, to fill the long-vacant ambassadorship to South Korea.
That would entail a shuffle in the administration's plans for key diplomatic assignments. Harris has already been nominated to be ambassador to Australia. And the change would come only several weeks before a planned summit between the U.S. and North Korea.
A White House official and a congressional aide describe the plan on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to discuss them by name.
The aide says the State Department and the governments in both Australia and South Korea have been informed that the administration is looking at a switch of postings for Harris, although nothing has been made official yet.
Harris' Senate confirmation hearing for the Australia post had been scheduled to take place Tuesday but was postponed.
——
11:35 a.m.
President Donald Trump says North Korea wants to hold a high-stakes meeting “as soon as possible” and he is praising Kim Jong-un as “very open” and “very honourable.”
Trump is addressing his upcoming plans to meet with the North Korean leader during his discussions at the White House with French President Emmanuel Macron.
Trump's praise for the North Korean dictator stands in stark contrast to his past comments in which he referred to Kim as “Little Rocket Man.” The Trump-Kim meeting is expected in May or June.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in is meeting with Kim on Friday to kick off a new round of high-stakes nuclear diplomacy with Pyongyang.
When global consulting engineering firm, GHD Australia, merged with North American engineering consultancy Conestoga-Rovers & Associates (CRA) back in 2014, the work to morph and blend operations was just the beginning.
Established in 1928, GHD operates across five continents – Asia, Australia, Europe, North and South America – and the Pacific region, and employs more than 8500 people in over 200 offices.
With its latest acquisition of CRA, GHD had four main challenges: to achieve rapid deployment of brand networking solutions at a lower cost; ensure seamless collaboration amongst project teams spread across the globe; provide employees at 50 new remote sites with access to GHD's complex network of applications, services and cloud environment; and reduce time and cost to maintain remote office networking solutions.
In a nutshell, it needed to add 3,000 employees in 100 offices, including 50 small sites. Sound simple? Not according to project sponsor, Elizabeth Harper, GHD's CIO, who was tasked with integrating all the new offices and their IT systems into the wider GHD business.
She said her North American team did a phenomenal job in successfully leading the implementation of the solution in such a short time frame.
“Some of the new sites were geographically dispersed across the US and Canada, designed to be as close to their clients as possible. At the same time, the new offices needed instant access and connectivity to the GHD network globally so employees can collaborate in real time.”
As such, GHD decided to implement RiverBed's SD-WAN (software-defined wide area network) solution, SteelConnect, in order to get what Harper said was a simple, cost-effective solution to enable the rapid deployment of the new sites onto the company's network.
It is an app-defined SD-WAN solution that simplifies networking for the cloud-centric enterprise – to enable the rapid deployment of 50 new offices onto the company's network, fuelling stronger global collaboration, business agility and reducing global telecom costs by 75 per cent.
"It's not the hardest thing I have ever done, however it was a very crucial project for the business. The main challenges included realising our strategy to enable our people to work together and collaborate seamlessly regardless of location, and providing a solution that was cost effective, easy to stand up and simple to maintain," she said.
"It would have been possible to do it via alternative technologies, however the systems from Riverbed made this project feasible, streamlined and cost-effective."
Big benefits
Several benefits surfaced thanks to the deployment, namely: zero-touch, rapid deployment of small offices onto GHD's network (50 offices deployed in four weeks); simplified global collaboration; and reduced management, maintenance and telephony costs.
"The successful integration of these smaller offices is a game changer as they now have the standard GHD operating environment and reliable connectivity to colleagues around the world. This enables us to realise our strategy – having people based close to our clients and able to access the broader capabilities of a global company."
Harper said the company is now also able to connect directly into the public cloud networks, and get greater business agility thanks to the partnership with Riverbed. The SteelConnect technology can connect direct into public cloud networks such as Microsoft Azure and AWS.
“GHD's use of emerging technologies and our ability to respond quickly to client demands is how we differentiate ourselves in the market, and Riverbed has been a trusted strategic partner in our success,” she said.
“The Riverbed platform has enabled us to optimise our network traffic, given us greater visibility of what's actually happening across our network and application environment so we can continue to achieve great performance, and it's helped us simplify our branch office implementations – all of which are critical to driving the evolution of our business and our ability to serve our clients.”
Indeed, the company, which operates in the global markets of water, energy and resources, environment, property and buildings, and transportation, has a complex IT landscape, Harper said, noting it leverages 3,000 business and technical applications, and includes GHD's own private cloud.
Using SteelConnect, GHD dramatically reduced the cost of network design and deployment, and was able to connect all 50 of the smaller offices in four weeks, Harper said, explaining if the company had chosen a traditional networking approach, the project would have taken at least three months to complete.
“We did a really thorough assessment of the options in the market and what we found with SteelConnect was a very low, almost zero-touch deployment. It allows us to preconfigure a device using a cloud portal before delivering it to the physical site. This means that a non-IT person at the small office can follow simple instructions, plug the device in and have everything up and running in minutes instead of days or weeks.”
Next steps
So what's next? Harper said the company plans to expand the deployment to traditional and larger offices, and estimates the solution will save the business roughly US$1 million a year.
"We are assessing larger offices that may benefit from SD-WAN features. SD-WAN is also the basis for our ‘office in a box' system, which we transport to project sites and deploy rapidly. This solution enhances our ability to service our clients, especially in remote locations," she said.
“What this technology has done is enable us to cost-effectively connect people who wouldn't have had this type of connectivity in the past, and they now really feel like they're part of the same organisation. They have access to all of our broader systems, and can make a VoIP call to anyone in GHD globally, or collaborate using intensive 3D modelling applications. This has made a tremendous cultural impact.”
Asked what it's like being involved in these huge global projects, where you need to add 3,000 people and include 50 small sites, she said it's what keeps her coming back for more.
These sorts of challenges are why I come to work every day. Deploying a technology solution on a global scale to achieve a business outcome while minimising disruption to day-to-day operations is exactly what's expected from an effective IT team. It also shows how the selection of appropriate hardware supports and enables the company's broader performance and strategic goals."
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
WASHINGTON — U.S. officials say an American soldier missing for nearly two days in Niger has been found dead. He was one of four U.S. troops killed in a deadly ambush.
His body was found and identified Friday after an extensive search. Four Niger security forces were also killed.
U.S. officials say they believe extremists linked to the Islamic State group were responsible for the attack about 200 kilometres north of Niger's capital of Niamey.
The joint patrol of U.S. and Niger forces were leaving a meeting with tribal leaders and were in trucks. They were ambushed by 40-50 militants in vehicles and on motorcycles.
Eight Niger soldiers and two U.S. troops were wounded. The officials weren't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Though the temperatures were high for the Point Pleasant Sternwheel Regatta, Regatta goers still came out to enjoy the pageants, contests, live entertainment, the parade, fireworks, and more. Crowds of people lined up and down Main Street to watch the 2018 Point Pleasant Sternwheel Regatta Parade. Children at the parade raced to the side of the street for the treats tossed to them.
Though the temperatures were high for the Point Pleasant Sternwheel Regatta, Regatta goers still came out to enjoy the pageants, contests, live entertainment, the parade, fireworks, and more. Crowds of people lined up and down Main Street to watch the 2018 Point Pleasant Sternwheel Regatta Parade. Children at the parade raced to the side of the street for the treats tossed to them. https://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/07/web1_0704.StandAlone.jpg Though the temperatures were high for the Point Pleasant Sternwheel Regatta, Regatta goers still came out to enjoy the pageants, contests, live entertainment, the parade, fireworks, and more. Crowds of people lined up and down Main Street to watch the 2018 Point Pleasant Sternwheel Regatta Parade. Children at the parade raced to the side of the street for the treats tossed to them.
Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
- Advertisement -
Scientists say they've used human test-tube baby techniques to try to save the nearly extinct northern white rhino.
In an improbable experiment, they are trying to resurrect an entire subspecies using dead males, two infertile remaining females, and some closely related southern white rhinos.
And they say they also plan to use stem-cell technology to try to create a population of pure northern white rhinos in the lab.
The European team of researchers created a few early-stage rhino embryos using a technique called intracytoplasmic sperm injection or ICSI. They used sperm from the last northern white rhino males before they died. Some of this sperm was injected into egg cells taken from females of the southern white rhino subspecies.
They ended up with a handful of embryos, some of which could potentially be implanted into surrogate rhino mothers.
While any resulting baby rhinos would be hybrids — half northern and half southern white rhino — the experiment is a first step to re-creating an extinct subspecies in the lab, the researchers report in the journal Nature Communications.
Northern white rhinos were driven to extinction by poaching and war in the countries they once roamed — Chad, Sudan, Uganda, Congo and Central African Republic.
The last living male white northern white rhino, named Sudan, died last March. Two females remain in captivity, but they are infertile. No northern white rhinos remain in the wild.
Thomas Hildebrandt of the German Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research in Berlin and colleagues in the Czech Republic and Italy, as well as in Japan, started an all-out effort to create new white rhinos in the lab.
“We didn't have many options so we had to be realistic.”
They've succeeded in their first step – making hybrid embryos. “These are the first in-vitro produced rhinoceros embryos ever. They have a very high chance to establish a pregnancy once implanted into a surrogate mother,” Hildebrandt said in a statement.
It's a tricky process. Rhinos are big and it's not easy to make them cooperate. The females had to be anesthetized and a special tool used to collect their egg cells. “We … were highly afraid that something unexpected would happen during this procedure,” Hildebrandt told a telephone briefing.
And the frozen sperm was not the greatest. “The amount of semen is limited, is of poor quality, and has been obtained from only three bulls,” the team wrote in their report.
They hope to eventually implant their embryos into the more common southern white rhino females and then breed any resulting rhinos to try and concentrate their northern white rhino genes. For now, these early embryos, called blastocysts, have been frozen.
This will probably not be enough to save a whole subspecies, so the team is also using stem cell and cloning technology to try to make pure northern white rhinos. They pulled embryonic stem cells — the body's master cells, from four of the blastocysts.
What they want to do is turn these embryonic stem cells into eggs and sperm using stem cell technology.
Chemical and genetic techniques can be used to get embryonic stem cells to turn into any cell type desired, including egg and sperm cells.
There's a second way to make them, also. The team has tissue samples from northern white rhinos. They plan to use chemical and genetic techniques to transform these ordinary skin cells into more cells resembling embryonic stem cells. These lab-produced cells are called induced pluripotent stem cells or iPS cells.
In theory, these laboratory-made sperm and egg cells could be combined in a lab dish via in vitro fertilization (IVF) to make a pure northern white rhino embryo, which could be implanted into a southern white rhino surrogate mother.
The scientists hope they could make enough rhino babies this way to have a genetically diverse population that could, eventually, be re-introduced into their traditional range.
“Our results suggest that these methods could play a valuable role in the effort to save rhinoceros populations on the brink of extinction,” they wrote.
Don't get your hopes up, caution Terri Roth and William Swanson of the Center for Conservation and Research of Endangered Wildlife (CREW) at the Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden.
Anya Scott-Rodgers is delighted to be coming ‘home' as Funbox returns to Motherwell next month with a brand-new show.
Join former Singing Kettle stars Anya, Gary Coupland and Kevin Macleod for an Underwater Adventure at Motherwell Concert Hall on Sunday, October 8.
There's somefin fishy going on in their latest singalong tail – the Funbox and the gang will have to cause a splash because their magical keys are all tucked up in the sea bed.
Fluffy and Flossie, the Funsters, will be diving in to lend a hand and of course everyone's favourite salty sea dog; Bonzo will be joining the aquatic action – but has he packed his trunks and rubber ring?
Anya said: “I always love coming to Motherwell because it feels like home, my mum and dad had their wedding reception at the Civic Centre and my grandpa Bernard Scott was a councillor there.
“We always have several shows running at once and sometimes you can get a little mixed up when doing six different shows in six days, but normally a quick check to see what everyone is wearing sets you straight.
“The good thing about having all these different shows is we can accommodate any venue, but Motherwell is great because it allows us to put on the big show complete with all the scenery and spectacle.”
Underwater Adventure is packed with familiar favourites like ‘My Father Went To Sea, Sea, Sea', ‘The World Must Be Coming To An End' and ‘Hole At The Bottom Of The Sea' as well as brand-new songs.
Anya said: “We like to ensure that everyone can join in so we always have the classics that everybody knows, but at we also enjoy writing our own songs.
“You have to ensure they immediately sound familiar for the audience so they can singalong, even though they haven't heard them before.
“We have some boys and girls coming to see us year after year, which we absolutely love, and want to make sure that the show always remains fresh.”
Performances are on at 1pm and 3.30pm and tickets costing £13, family of four £48, groups 10 or more £11, babes in arms £2 are available by calling 01698 403120 or online
Go dressed for the sea – be a mermaid, a diver or your favourite fish – to ensure you'll have a whale of a time!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tributes have been paid to an energetic and caring young man, Kaden Reddick, who died after an incident in Reading's Topshop store.
Kaden, 10, was a Year Six pupil at Garland Junior School in Clayhill Road, Burghfield Common.
A tribute issued by the school says his loss will be “felt by all our pupils, teaching staff and governors".
It says: “It is with deep sadness that we can confirm that one of our pupils, Kaden Reddick, died on Monday.
“Kaden's death has come as a shock to the school community and his loss will be felt by all our pupils, teaching staff and governors.
"Kaden was a pupil in Year Six and an energetic young man who enjoyed helping others.
“Although the school is on half-term holiday we have contacted the pupils and parents to inform them of the sad news.
"When the new term starts on Monday pupils will be offered support by staff within the school and from other professionals.
“Today we send our heartfelt condolences to Kaden's family and our thoughts will remain with them as they come to terms with his death.
"In time, we will discuss with them how our school can best pay tribute to Kaden.”
Kaden died after an incident involving a store barrier at the shop in The Oracle at around 4.15pm on Monday, February 13
He suffered serious head injuries and died in The Royal Berkshire Hospital later that day.
The store has been closed since the Monday as Thames Valley Police and Reading Borough Council continue to investigate.
Staff at Topshop and The Oracle have both released statements expressing their sorrow at the incident.
STEUBENVILLE, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio judge who was shot outside his courthouse in August has returned to the bench and says he's glad to be back at work.
The Steubenville Herald-Star reports Jefferson County Judge Joseph Bruzzese returned to his courtroom Thursday, handling arraignments and a sentencing.
Bruzzese was shot Aug. 21 while walking from his car to the courthouse in Steubenville, roughly 30 miles west of Pittsburgh. The judge was carrying a gun and fired back. A probation officer then shot and killed suspect Nate Richmond.
Bruzzese underwent surgery at a Pittsburgh hospital and has been recovering at home since late August.
A prosecutor has said investigators trying to understand what motivated the shooting were examining whether Richmond mistakenly thought Bruzzese had dismissed a lawsuit filed by Richmond.
iStock/Thinkstock(NEWTOWN, Conn.) — Five years after a mass shooting at a Connecticut elementary school horrified the nation, some family members of victims reflected on how their lives have changed since the tragedy, as they work together to prevent future acts of gun violence.
“We simply don't want other parents to be in our position. We know that these acts of violence are preventable,” Nicole Hockley, whose son, Dylan, was killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown five years ago, told ABC News' Amy Robach. “We feel responsible to teach people how to prevent them from happening.”
Hockley recalled how her Dylan, who had autism, loved to pretend to he was a butterfly.
“He would flap his arms up and down whenever he got excited, which was pretty much all the time, and I asked him once, ‘Why do you flap?' and he said, ‘because I'm a beautiful butterfly,'” she said.
“At his funeral I talked about how the theory of a butterfly flapping its wings on one side of the world can cause a hurricane on the other side,” Hockley said. “I thought about Dylan as our butterfly to help create change in our country, positive, transformative change.”
Hockley co-founded the Sandy Hook Promise, a nonprofit organization that uses educational programs to help prevent acts of gun violence before they occur.
The community of Newtown was thrust into the national spotlight five years ago this week when it was rocked by tragedy after a gunman opened fire at Sandy Hook Elementary School. Twenty students — between the ages of 6 and 7 — and six educators were killed.
The shooting drew many immediate calls for reform or action to prevent a similar tragedy from ever happening again. Just this October, however, the U.S. suffered the deadliest mass shooting in history when a gunman killed 59 people at a country music festival in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Mark Barden, who also co-founded Sandy Hook Promise after his son, Daniel, was killed at the elementary school, told ABC News that he “made a very deliberate decision to invest every fiber of my being into trying to prevent that from happening again.”
Barden recalled his son as “an exceptionally sweet, compassionate little soul.”
“My one little Daniel has in his life affected so many people in a positive way, but in his murder I can't even tell you,” Barden said.
“We're training people, students, parents, teachers, how to recognize the warning signs that people give off before they hurt themselves before they hurt someone else,” Barden said.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
According to WEMA director Joey Cooper, it was to test the sirens so they could be upgraded from analog to digital.
“WEMA has an older system that has not been updated in a number of years,” said Cooper. “The current system is a one-way analog system, and upon activation, there is no way on knowing if they were actually activated without actually hearing it.”
The Wilson County Commission voted on and passed funding for the upgrade to the digital system in June. The new system will allow emergency managers and public safety officials activate and monitor the status of the system.
“The radio shop has been going around to each siren for several months now upgrading the hardware to make the needed upgrade,” said Cooper. “The last two weeks, they've been installing the needed software and testing the sirens on an individual and on a zone basis.”
According to Cooper, WEMA officials to be finished with the upgrades and testing by the end of the week.
LAS VEGAS — When Air Force veteran Jay Purves first heard the pop-pop-pop at the Las Vegas country music festival, he knew immediately it was gunfire.
Purves and his colleagues at a private security firm manning the Route 91 Harvest festival Sunday night were a force of 200 unarmed first responders who lifted people over barriers, hid them behind pillars and under the stage, and funneled them to exits amid the panic.
One of the Contemporary Services Corporation guards died and two were wounded when a gunman on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino across the street opened fire on the outdoor festival, killing 58 people and injuring nearly 500 others.
Now, despite the fresh trauma and losing one of their own, many of the company's guards — “the yellow shirts,” Purves calls them — are returning to work this weekend.
Supervisor Cheryl Metzler put on her uniform Friday to work a UFC weigh-in, her first event since the shooting. She was anxious but stayed composed until it came time to thank other CSC guards who came in from out of state to help.
“I kind of broke down a little bit,” she said.
Purves, the vice president of CSC's Las Vegas branch, said private security guards are not always taken seriously because they aren't law enforcement.
“We're the ones often in the background, in the shadows, but we were actually the ones right there in the thick of it all,” he said.
The staff has worked events at the venue before and was already reeling a bit from Saturday, the second night of the festival, when a drunken attendee punched one of their guards in the face.
Metzler was working Sunday in a command center that resembles a shipping container, watching the concert on seven large surveillance monitors, when someone called to ask if there were supposed to be pyrotechnics at the show.
“We thought fireworks,” she said of the popping sound. “But then it kept going.”
As people began to flee, the guards fanned out across the venue, coaxing shell-shocked concertgoers too frightened to move to head to a safer spot.
Early in the chaos, Purves got a call on his radio: “Erick's been hit and is down,” referring to 21-year-old employee Erick Silva.
Silva, assigned to the front of the stage, off to the side where the soundboard was kept, was shot in the head while helping people climb over a barricade.
Purves started running to him. On the way, he got another call on the radio. A second guard, Jeff Bachman, who was moving Silva away from the stampeding crowd, was shot in the leg.
As the gunfire continued, Purves and the other guards got hold of a bicycle rack, flipped it on its side and used it as a gurney to carry Silva, who was gasping for air. They carried him out to emergency responders before running back in to continue the evacuation.
“It was complete carnage and chaos,” Purves said.
Metzler and others were trapped inside the command post, watching the screens in horror as more shots rang out.
“What I had seen on those TVs — no one should ever see in their life. But I wish everybody could have seen what I'd seen with our people,” she said. “Our people, they didn't run.”
Another guard, Daniel Rascon, was shot in the arm while trying to get people in wheelchairs off a ramp.
“It was hard, seeing my people out there, not being able to help them,” Metzler said. “But then they knew I was in there and they would call me on the radio and I was trying to comfort them.”
The guards are still shaken, Purves said. But many will be going out again this weekend to work security at major events in Las Vegas — including a lantern festival and the UFC event.
Purves credits police, firefighters and other first responders with helping save lives Sunday. But the private security guards, “they're the forgotten ones,” he said.
“These are working men and women who make 10, 11, 12 bucks an hour, who are in the thick of everything and have to deal with intoxication, evictions, fake tickets, complaints that the beer is too hot and the hot dogs too cold,” Purves said. “The yellow shirts are the ones people go to for help.”
Silva, who worked for CSC for three years and dreamed of becoming a police officer, died Tuesday from his wounds.
The company is offering counseling to its employees and helping Silva's family arrange a funeral. Some guards are taking a break to deal with the trauma. Many others, including Purves, decided to go back to work and are staffing their first events this weekend.
Metzler isn't sure when her next day off will be. She said she's glad to be back with a group she considers family.
“I want to be with my people to talk about it. If I'm just sitting home, I'm watching the TV and I don't turn it off,” she said.
“So this is the best therapy and the biggest reason I wanted to come back.”
Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates — There's a new king in the race to build the biggest, baddest zip line.
Officials from Guinness certified a brand-new zip line in the United Arab Emirates as the longest run in the world.
It's in a place called Jebel Jais, on top of the highest mountain in the Middle Eastern nation.
Thrill seekers that make the trek will reach speeds of up to 93 miles per hour as they careen down the 1.7 mile long zip line.
And it all takes place a mile in the sky with nothing but jagged rocks beneath.
Adrenaline junkies looking for the ride of their life are advised to secure reservations well in advance.
The zip line can only accommodate one rider every five minutes.
I hear it through my computer screen.
That's some weeping for fantasy football owners who made it to the postseason with Carson Wentz or some of his talented Philadelphia Eagles teammates.
If you're a Wentz owner, of course that's valid. The sleeper-turned-gem was probably a huge reason why you're in the playoffs. Hopefully, you have a solid backup on your team who can pick up the slack.
But what if you own Alshon Jeffery or Zach Ertz or Jay Ajayi? I'm here to tell you to not be so worried — don't go benching any of them in your must-win games. Here are a few reasons why:
1. Wentz and Nick Foles aren't that dissimilar
This Pro Football Focus chart proves some of that:
The Philadelphia Eagles may be just fine with Nick Foles at QB From @PFF_Sam https://t.co/tUlRnOf5zt pic.twitter.com/a53Y40wDub — Pro Football Focus (@PFF) December 11, 2017
2. Ajayi might pick up more work now
At least that's what Malcolm Jenkins thinks:
Malcolm Jenkins says Eagles will have to change game plan if Nick Foles Replaces Carson Wentz ⬇️ “Nick doesn't have some of the abilities of Carson when you talk about mobility… [we're] probably going to run the ball more”#FlyEaglesFly pic.twitter.com/oM5o6cwHaz — Jeff Skversky 6abc (@JeffSkversky) December 11, 2017
What's funny is the Eagles already have the second-most rushing attempts in the NFL.
3. Foles looked pretty good filling in on Sunday
Check out this throw:
Or this one:
This throw right here by Nick Foles is why you should not think the season is over by any means. Getting clobbered and still throwing a perfect dot to Trey Burton. #FlyEaglesFly pic.twitter.com/kTSFzz6Okl — Eagles Fans⚡️ (11-2) (@NoPhlyZone5) December 11, 2017
Part of this is that the scheme and the offensive line gave Wentz a boost. The same will go for Foles.
4. The Eagles have a sweet schedule coming up
They'll head to New Jersey to face the hapless Giants and then host a Raiders team that just gave up 26 points to the Chiefs. Those are two spots where Jeffery, Ertz and Nelson Agholor could thrive.
So don't lose faith if you own any of those guys. A fantasy championship is still possible.
04/17/17 – 4:15 P.M.
Findlay City Council will hear legislation Tuesday that will split the city service-safety director position. The Courier reports that the combined position has been held by Paul Schmelzer since 2012. The ordinance will split the position and create a salary range for both. The director of public service could be paid between almost $68,000 and $106,000 per year. The director of public safety could make between around $60,000 and $100,000 per year.
Schmelzer's salary from this year is just under $150,000.
Comments about Apple's Ban on App Templates Is Hurting Small Businesses
To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person.
In June 2017, Apple updated its App Store rules to prohibit templated or generated apps, a move that seemed to be aimed at reducing spam apps. Now Apple is warning app template makers who serve small businesses — restaurants, fitness studios, and more — that it will start rejecting their apps on 1 January 2018. App templates and generators are used by small businesses who lack the resources to develop their own apps from scratch. Unfortunately, some of these app makers are already having to shut their doors due to Apple's change in rule enforcement. Apple's move has drawn the attention of Representative Ted Lieu (D, CA), who has asked the company to reconsider.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Noah Nathan(ALEXANDRIA, Va.) — Video captured the moment gunfire rang out at an Alexandria, Virginia, baseball field Wednesday morning, injuring Rep. Steve Scalise, R-La., the House majority whip, and four others.
Over dozens of gunshots can be heard in the video, as well as people yelling.
The gunfire at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park broke out around 7 a.m. Wednesday morning when the suspect, identified by police as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, opened fire as lawmakers were practicing for the annual charity congressional baseball game set for Thursday. Only Republicans were at this practice; Democrats practiced earlier in the morning.
Scalise, a lobbyist, a congressional staffer and two Capitol Police officers were injured.
Officers returned fire at Hodgkinson, and the suspect died from his injuries.
An additional two individuals — a congressman and a Capitol Police officer — attained secondary injuries.
Hospital officials said Wednesday afternoon that Scalise was in critical condition. Scalise's office said he was shot in the hip and underwent surgery.
“Prior to entering surgery, the Whip was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone,” his office said in a statement. “He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders, and colleagues. We ask that you keep the Whip and others harmed in this incident in your thoughts and prayers.”
Matt Mika, who works as a lobbyist for Tyson Foods, was also injured and is in critical condition and was undergoing surgery, his family said in a statement.
Zachary Barth, a legislative correspondent working for Texas Rep. Roger Williams, was among those shot as well, according to a statement from Williams. Barth has since been released from the hospital, the family spokesperson said. He is expected to make a full recovery, Williams said.
The two injured Capitol Police officers are David Bailey and Crystal Griner, according to House Speaker Paul Ryan. U.S. Capitol Police Chief Matthew R. Verderosa said Griner was shot in the ankle and is in good condition, while Bailey was treated for a minor injury and released.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Fire Rescue MSBU Hardship Waivers Available Through May 1st
The Fire Rescue Municipal Service Benefit Unit (MSBU) include the entire unincorporated area of Walton County and the incorporated areas of the City of Freeport, and the City of Paxton, less and except those lands within the boundaries of the Liberty, Argyle, and South Walton Independent Fire Districts.
The funds obtained from this MSBU help to fund the County's Fire Rescue Department.
There is a hardship assistance provision in the Resolution for low income persons who are owners of homesteaded residential property with the financial burden created by the imposition of the Assessment. An owner of residential property who meets low income level and asset guidelines specified by the BCC shall be eligible to receive partial payment of the Fire Rescue Assessment by the County.
Applicants for this hardship assistance shall complete the Application for Hardship Assistance and provide written documentation satisfactory to the County Administrator's office (Administration) by May 1st of each year in order to qualify for such assistance. If the owner qualifies, Administration sends a copy of the Hardship Application and approval letter to the Tax Collector's office.
FIRE RESCUE ASSESSMENTS
FISCAL YEAR 2016-17
Residential Property Use Categories Rate Per Dwelling Unit Residential $75.00 Non-Residential Property Use Categories Rate Per Square Foot Commercial $0.12 Industrial/Warehouse $0.01 Institutional $0.12 Land Property Use Categories Rate Agricultural/Vacant (Per Acre) $0.07
WATCH THIS:
“The New Celebrity Apprentice” (8 p.m., NBC): With Donald Trump headed for the White House, action movie star and former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger takes over the boardroom as this reality series takes on a new look. But some things never change: The cast still features a bunch of folks you'll have to Google.
“The Bachelor” (8 p.m., ABC): The dating reality series launches its 21st season tonight. Yeah, we can't believe it, either. Will Nick Viall — the so-called “most controversial Bachelor in history” — finally find true love? Don't bet your house on it.
“Beyond” (9 p.m., Freeform): In this gripping new sci-fi adventure series, Holden Matthews (Burkely Duffield) and discovers new abilities that propel him into the middle of a dangerous conspiracy. Now Holden must try and figure out what happened to him during those 12 years; how to survive a world that changed while he was gone; and answer the question, why did this happen to him?
Also on Monday:
Tobacco claimed another victim Wednesday — President Donald Trump's pick to head the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The agency's director, Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald, tendered her resignation following a Politico report that she had “bought shares in a tobacco company one month into the leadership of the agency.”
Brenda Fitzgerald, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC via Reuters
“Dr. Fitzgerald owns certain complex financial interests that have imposed a broad recusal limiting her ability to complete all of her duties as the CDC Director,” the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services said in a statement. “Due to the nature of these financial interests, Dr. Fitzgerald could not divest from them in a definitive time period.”
So Fitzgerald resigned, the HHS said.
There was no additional comment from Fitzgerald, who is a doctor and the former Georgia Department of Public Health commissioner.
Fitzgerald, who is 71, declined to explain to Politico why she purchased thousands of dollars of Big Tobacco stocks after assuming leadership of the CDC on July 7.
An HHS spokesman confirmed "the potentially conflicting" stock purchases to Politico but said they were handled by Fitzgerald's financial manager and that she subsequently sold them.
Critics like Richard Painter, who was President George W. Bush's ethics lawyers from 2005 to 2007, told Politico that Fitzgerald's purchases were “tone deaf” and “ridiculous.”
In an email to NBC News after Fitzgerald resigned, Painter called the stock purchases "an obvious conflict of interest."
"Shows how oblivious this administration is to financial conflicts of interest," Painter wrote. "One of many examples at very high levels."
Neither the White House nor Trump, who is not a smoker, weighed-in immediately on Fitzgerald's resignation. Nor did the HHS name a possible replacement for Fitzgerald, whose appointment does not require Senate approval.
Fitzgerald's exit came four months after Tom Price resigned as the Health and Human Services Secretary after days of public outcry over his use of expensive private jets to conduct government business.
The CDC has for years made fighting smoking a priority and calls it "the leading cause of preventable death" on its website.
"The tobacco industry spends billions of dollars each year on cigarette advertising and promotions," the CDC says. "Smoking costs the United States billions of dollars each year."
As of 2015, some 36.5 million Americans still smoked, despite repeated warnings that it causes cancer, the CDC reported.
Dr. Tom Frieden, who headed the CDC under President Barack Obama, defended Fitzgerald "as someone who was committed to supporting public health and protecting Americans."
"I have spoken with Dr. Fitzgerald and believe her when she says that she was unaware that a tobacco company investment had been made, she understands that any affiliation between the tobacco industry and public health is unacceptable, and that when she learned of it, she directed that it be sold," Frieden said in a statement.
In my previous blog posts and books, I have dismissed autogynephilia as a psychiatric, non-scientific idea about transgender people who were originally determined to be male at birth. I have not changed my opinion, the idea does not qualify as a scientific theory, nor does the evidence cited by proponents adequately support it. But there is something going on here because some transgender people that I have talked to find the idea appealing or at least do not reject it.
Being the hard nose scientist that I try to be, I have pointed out that the definition of this supposed “theory” has taken many forms which range from the idea that it involves falling in love with oneself as a woman to a fetish and a paraphilia. Science suspects that love and affiliation might be mediated by the hormone oxytocin or other hormones. We also know that the object of sexual arousal is learned. Well, which is it — love based on hormone release or learned sexual arousal, or both, or something else? The definition has changed so many times without any rationale for the changes that it is impossible to know what the proponents are talking about. Science is a way of knowing that requires clear definition of any theory and the capability to operationalize or make the theory concrete enough to make predictions and to study it. It is okay that a given theory is overturned by evidence and replaced by another. That is a strength of the normal scientific process. But this is not the case with autogynephilia. It has no clear definition and is not science.
One might deduce what the proponents of autogynephilia are talking about from the experimental evidence that they cite. But there is only one objective study and it involves studying sexual arousal using a penile volume measurement device (phaloplethysmograph). Subjects were strapped in and shown various visual stimuli of women and other things. And low and behold, trans women responded with arousal to women, just like many other people who went through male puberty. This experimental technique has been shown to be unreliable, principally because the measuring device can by itself be arousing, and the experimenter has no control over what the subject is really paying attention. Instead of, say, attending to a presented image of a woman in order to induce love, the subject could well be thinking about some sexually meaningful detail of the image that triggers arousal, or about whether they will have chicken or steak for dinner. The experimenter simply does not have control over the actual test stimulus. The experiment design leads one to believe that autogynephilia is meant to be a fetish or paraphilia which refers to sexual arousal to unusual objects. And it has previously been classed in the DSM with BDSM and sexual arousal due to pornography.
Enough of scientific definitions and rigor. The question is why is autogynephilia appealing to some trans women? I can only provide a few hypotheses.
First, some trans women undoubtedly find relief that they do not fit into the postulated alternative category to autogynephilia which is known as “childhood onset gender dysphoria” or the sissyboy syndrome. Children in this category are known as pre-homosexual children and their adult outcomes are overwhelmingly homosexuality (attraction to males). These children behave in a totally different manner than transgender children do. They are described as “hypersexual” and frequently seek sex with other children. (No wonder parents sent them to a clinic). Transgender children usually present as preoccupied with gender and are typically withdrawn.
Pre-homosexual children are not transgender and, in fact, the clinicians know full well that they are not. They make no bones about it in their publications. These children are coded as transgender because in 1972, the DSM code for being homosexual was deleted. The clinicians needed a code to pay the bills for treating these children, so they used a convenient transgender code which they eventually reworded to cover pre-homosexual kids. Whether this practice was ethical, I will leave to others, but it continues to mess up our understanding of transgender children and their outcomes. Bending the rules of coding are not unusual. I have never received any code for being transgender from any mental health professional, yet I have been to several. They used different codes — “usually mixed anxiety and depression” in order to preserve my privacy. And there was enough to be anxious and depressed about, still being in the closet. The proponents of autogynephilia maintain that being transgender disappears automatically with age based mostly on studies of pre-homosexual children who, of course, become homosexual and not transgender as adults. Seems like real transgender kids have only come into the clinic in recent years. There is one recent study which seems to involve correct diagnosis of transgender children. It indicated that children remained transgender at least through early adulthood.
The next reason that autogynephilia may appeal to transgender males is that the proponents of autogynephilia indicate that it emerges clinically in later life. This is certainly true for many transgender people who have been in the closet for decades. The point here is that many adult transgender people were practicing transgender behavior in secret long before they came out. I started when I was 4 and there are plenty of studies which say that I was not unique in that respect. Late emergence to providers does not mean that the behavior was not there all along. We have seen a recent upsurge of the numbers of declared transgender people both here and in Europe. This is undoubtedly due to the backlog of transgender people living in secrecy who now are coming out because cultural rejection has lessened. Today, many trans kids are coming out at earlier ages because and avoiding the stress of secrecy. Their existence is a challenge to the definitions of autogynephilia/sissyboy, so the proponents have attempted to publicly diagnose prominent (e.g. Jazz) as pre-homosexuals without ever examining them. This type of remote psychiatry is condemned by the ethical code of the American Psychiatric Association.
The next reason that the idea of autogynephilia may appeal to transgender people are that most transpeople experience sexual arousal when they first crossdress. This fits with transgender experience, so that may be the reason for the appeal. Sexual arousal is nothing to be ashamed of because sexual arousal is obviously normal and is learned. The learning process is similar to Classical Conditioning, also known as Pavlovian conditioning in which stimuli come to trigger sexual arousal when paired with sexual arousal from other sources. Older transgender males just have a longer opportunity to learn, having gone through puberty in which sexual arousal is rampant and occurs spontaneously. It is an ideal time to learn sexual arousal to objects and people. We also know that strong stimuli are more easily associated with sexual arousal and females in Western culture currently seem to have grabbed most of the strong stimuli available. But sexual arousal can go away or extinguish with exposure and most transgender people report that they continue transgender behavior, not because of sexual arousal, but because of authenticity and relaxation. This brings me to my last hypothesis.
Some, maybe most, trans women simply do not care about labeling their motivations or the details of whether their behavior is considered pathological. They just know that they enjoy being free to express transgender behavior and they do not care about how some stuffy psychiatrists or hatemongers make their livings. Most never go to see psychiatrists unless they want to transition and they can control the hatemongers with their TV remotes and computer mice — CLICK! While Western culture might reject and condemn transgender people for violating its gender system, there is a countervailing element of Western culture that argues that all people should be free to express themselves as long as they are not hurting others. The proper role of government in all this is to protect people from harm or threat of harm, not to enforce the Western culture gender system.
Moved to make a comment? Login here and use the comment area below.
Category: Body & Soul
There are lots of stupid rules out there. Aggressively pointless rules; rules that seem to exist not to solve any problems, but simply to make things more complicated.
Golf had the king of this kind of rules, but finally — mercifully — it'll soon be no more.
Starting on January 1st 2018, the USGA will end the practice of allowing viewers at home to call-in penalties on players.
It's part of a two-part solution that golf's governing bodies announced on Monday:
Assign one or more officials to monitor the video broadcast of a competition to help identify and resolve Rules issues as they arise
Discontinue any steps to facilitate or consider viewer call-ins as part of the Rules decision process
Viewer call-ins have been a constant thorn in the side of professional golf for years, one that has repeatedly altered the outcome of tournaments in very real ways. Viewers at home, armed with reams of slow-motion footage, called-in penalties for Tiger Woods at the 2013 Masters, for Dustin Johnson at the 2016 U.S. Open, and for Lexi Thompson at this year's ANA Inspiration, all of which resulted in penalties.
By installing a team of rules officials to monitor television coverage, they're replacing the chaos of viewer call-ins with a more effective, organized system. Thomas Pagel, USGA senior director of the Rules of Golf and Amateur Status, put it perfectly in this video: If you see it, they'll see it.
And what does that mean for fans?
“It just means be a fan. Enjoy the game. Enjoy watching the best players in the world tee it up.”
Sounds great with me.
U.S. President Donald Trump named longtime Republican donor Kelly Craft as ambassador to Canada Wednesday as the administration gears up for a round of negotiations on the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Craft, who was first said in March to have accepted the nomination, will still need to be confirmed. Canada is the top export market for U.S. goods and its second-largest trading partner after China.
A Kentucky philanthropist, Craft heads Kelly G. Knight LLC, a business advisory firm based in Lexington. She has served on the board of directors of the Salvation Army and the Center for Rural Development, a nonprofit dedicated to economic progress in rural Kentucky.
She is a co-founder of the Craft Academy for Excellence in Science and Mathematics at Morehead State University. Along with husband Joseph Craft III -- chief executive officer of coal producer Alliance Resources Partners LP -- she donated to Trump and other Republican candidates in 2016. She was a rare example of an establishment Republican who regularly stood by Trump.
The appointment underscores the divide between the two administrations -- the wife of a coal executive will be an envoy to the government of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, an outspoken climate advocate who will introduce a minimum carbon price next year and who may block the shipment of U.S. coal exports through his country.
Topics of Contention
The two countries have recently sparred over softwood lumber, aerospace and the Paris Agreement on climate change. Canada, which ships three quarters of its exports south of the border, is seeking to expand trade ties with other countries.
Trudeau has regularly sought to make nice with Trump, though tensions are now emerging. Canada's environment minister called the U.S. a "footnote” on climate this week. Another minister said this month that Canada was “standing up to” the U.S. by offering funding to workers caught in the middle of a lumber dispute. Talks on Nafta could begin as early as mid-August.
In a major speech last week that laid out the Trudeau government's vision on foreign policy, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland pivoted away from the U.S. and expressed disappointment at the Trump administration's abandonment of the Paris pact, while affirming that the existing international order helps constrain powerful nations.
One day later, however, Canada committed to higher defense spending, a key demand Trump has made of U.S. allies.
Separately, the Trump administration also named its choice for ambassador to Costa Rica, selecting Sharon Day, the former co-chairman of the Republican National Committee. In its statement, the White House said Day, a Florida resident, has been involved in Republican party politics from the local to the national level for more than 20 years, also working as a political columnist and commentator, and is focused on supporting female candidates and activists.
iStock/Thinkstock(JERUSALEM) — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will meet face-to-face with President Trump on Wednesday, setting the tone for what both leaders hope to be the dawn of a new era for the U.S.-Israel relationship. Analysts say that the meeting will hope to project a public theme of unity between the two governments on topics including Iran, Israeli settlements and the fate of the peace process.
“Both President Trump and Prime Minister Netanyahu have a very big stake in wanting to demonstrate that whatever the problems were with the last administration, they're now gone,” Dennis Ross, a diplomat and former special Middle East coordinator under Clinton, told reporters on a call this week.
While close security and economic ties between the U.S. and Israel continued and expanded during the previous U.S. administration, Netanyahu and then-President Obama often sparred on a number of key issues, particularly over the contours of an Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement and the U.S.-brokered Iranian nuclear deal, which the Israeli leader forcefully denounced.
“There's a strong presumption [now] to send a message how close things are between the two leaders … to demonstrate that the U.S. and Israel are on the same page strategically and practically,” Ross added.
Analysts say that while Iran is likely to figure at the top of Netanyahu's agenda, Israeli settlements, the location of the U.S. Embassy and the peace process are also likely to factor in.
Iran
“The Prime Minister probably comes in with an agenda very heavily focused on Iran,” Ross said.
Much of that focus concerns Iranian policy in the region and the nuclear agreement signed in 2015 between Tehran and the so-called P5+1, which Netanyahu opposed.
During his campaign, Trump voiced strong opposition to the Iran nuclear deal and in recent weeks has taken to Twitter to directly threaten Iran. While the administration has thus far continued U.S. participation in the agreement, Trump has expressed an interest in re-negotiating its terms.
Ross said Netanyahu is unlikely to demand a scrap to the agreement altogether, in part because he is determined to work well with Trump out of the gate.
“I think what he [Netanyahu] wants is some understanding — and awareness not just about enforcement of the deal but that more needs to be done to deter the Iranians,” Ross said.
Writing on Facebook on Jan. 30 after an Iranian ballistic missile test, Netanyahu said that “Iranian aggression must not go unanswered,” pledging to discuss with Trump “the renewal of sanctions against Iran in this context and in other contexts.”
In retaliation to the ballistic missile test, the Trump administration on Feb. 3 announced sanctions against Iran, a narrowly tailored action that did not alter the terms of the nuclear agreement that saw Iran receive sanctions relief in exchange for curbs to Tehran's nuclear program.
Embassy moves
On the campaign trail, Trump pledged to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, a move opposed by past U.S. administrations because both Israelis and Palestinians claim it as their capital. The U.S. has long maintained that the status of the city should be determined in final status negotiations between the two parties.
Still, there have been some suggestions that Trump has slightly softened his stance.
“His policy seems to be settling back into the mean,” former U.S. Ambassador to Israel under President Obama, Daniel B. Shapiro, told Israeli TV channel i24, “which is to support efforts to a two-state solution, to support efforts to limit settlements and not to do things that might be disruptive and moving the embassy might fall into that category.”
“It's not an easy decision,” Trump said last weekend to the Israeli right-wing newspaper Israel Hayom, a free daily which is supported by Trump donor and Netanyahu patron Sheldon Adelson. “It's been discussed for so many years. No one wants to make this decision, and I'm thinking about it seriously.”
But Netanyahu has long supported the move, and is likely to again bring it up.
“Jerusalem is the capital of Israel, and it is proper that not only should the American Embassy be here, but all embassies should come here,” Netanyahu said in January.
Settlements
Since Trump took office on Jan. 20, Netanyahu has ratcheted up settlement expansion, a signal that the White House is far less critical of building in the occupied Palestinian territories than past administrations.
In the last three weeks, Netanyahu announced the approval of more than 6,000 housing units and the first new settlement since the 1990s. The United Nations considers settlements illegal, and they have long been a bone of contention between the U.S. and Israel.
But Trump's pick for U.S. Ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, is an ardent supporter of Israeli settlements and has opposed the two-state solution.
Nonetheless, Trump in the same interview with Israel Hayom seemed to moderate past statements, saying settlements were an obstacle to peace.
“There is limited remaining territory. Every time you take land for a settlement, less territory remains,” he told the newspaper. “No, I'm not someone who believes that advancing settlements is good for peace.”
Peace negotiations
President Trump has called reaching an Israeli-Palestinian peace the “ultimate deal,” and has identified his son-in-law and senior adviser the president Jared Kushner as the man for the job.
“I think we can reach an agreement and that we need to reach an agreement,” Trump told Israel Hayom. “I want Israel to act reasonably in the peace process,” he added.
Briefing reporters Tuesday night, a White House official said that the peace process was a priority, but would not commit to pushing the two-state solution which has been the cornerstone of U.S. policy on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict for decades.
“Maybe, maybe not,” the official said in response to a question about the two-state solution. “It's something the two sides have to agree to. It's not for us to impose that vision.”
The official added: “We're looking at the two sides to come together to make peace together and we'll be there to help them.”
When asked by a reporter on the tarmac leaving Tel Aviv this week if he stands by a two-state solution, which he has at various times opposed or supported, Netanyahu responded: “Come with me, you will hear very clear answers, very clear answers.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
This Trendy Facial Is The New Way To Rosé
Wine is loaded with antioxidants, so why not spread the love to beauty? Angeli Kakade (@angelikakade) has the scoop.
Six-time NBA All-Star Shawn Kemp shared stories about his years playing on the Seattle SuperSonics in a heartfelt essay for The Players' Tribune this week. Kemp was on the Sonics from 1989-97 and said he sincerely hopes the league returns to Seattle one day.
After talking about still living in Seattle, what it was like entering the NBA as a 19-year-old kid in '89 and how amazing it was to see Gary Payton talking trash to everyone, including Michael Jordan, Kemp closed with this statement:
I'm still out here in Seattle, man. I've been married 23 years now. Gone from spending all of my time on the road to being a husband and father. I've watched the city change so much, but it's still got the same passionate fans, and it's still a city that loves basketball, even without a real team to root for. Since the day I arrived, I have been treated so well by the people here. And the love lasted much longer than my career. I was welcomed back with open arms as soon as my playing days were over. Basketball has taken me all over the world, and after seeing so much over so many years, I can say with absolute certainty that there's nowhere else in this world I'd rather be. But something is not right. Something's missing. We need the Sonics back. So many great sports moments have happened here. So many legends of the game have had their moments in Seattle. I know that the NBA bringing in a new team now might be a mess, but it just feels off here without the Sonics. I believe it'll happen — we will have a team again someday. I don't know when, or how, but I feel it. Basketball will come back to Seattle. And I'll still be here when it does.
Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson and former Sonic Ray Allen have also shared messages about how badly they want pro basketball back in Seattle. In 2016, Wilson said in his Players' Tribune piece that he partnered with Sonics Arena Group to try to bring both the NBA and NHL to the city.
Read Kemp's full essay here.
By Ashar Memon, February 2 2018 —
The University of Calgary will have to adapt its parking services on campus to address the growing popularity of electric and autonomous vehicles, Parking and Transportation Services associate director Susan Austen says.
In an interview with the Gauntlet, Austen outlined how Parking and Transportation Services has evolved at the U of C in an increasingly digital world.
During her time at the department, Austen said she has seen a shift in payment methods to credit cards instead of cash. She also added that there are fewer staff in positions such as lot attendants.
“Ten years ago, you would see a lot more people out in the field and [now] it's definitely got a lot more automated,” she said.
According to Austen, the demand for parking has also grown at the U of C over the years due to an increase in the number of students on campus.
When asked where she sees the future of parking headed based on current trends, Austen predicted that soon there will be more electric vehicles on the road.
“I think there's going to be a bit of a push towards providing access for electric vehicles,” she said. “That is going to be something that we have to put into the design of the system because there'll be so much demand.”
The U of C currently has two electric vehicles charging stations beside the Energy Environment Experiential Learning (EEEL) building, both of which were added in 2013. While Austen said the U of C does not have immediate plans to build more charging stations, it's something her department will have to consider in the next few years.
Universities across the United States and Canada have recently begun investing in on-campus charging stations. Meanwhile, the City of Calgary is currently developing a proposal to create a network of 15–20 fast charging stations around southern Alberta.
Beyond electric vehicles, carmakers are also racing to bring fully autonomous vehicles to the market. Austen said that this could prove a problem for the department itself.
“Even if you got 10 per cent of the people sending their vehicles home again and just coming back later, you've changed the traffic pattern dramatically but you've also reduced the need for parking,” she said.
Semi-autonomous vehicles are already available and some analysts predict that fully-autonomous vehicles could become the norm in Canada by 2025. Many parking officials will have to face the dilemma of investing in new parking spaces in a time where autonomous vehicles and ride-sharing services could make parking obsolete.
“Are you going to park [your car] and pay when you can send it home? We laugh about it and we think it's far away now, but I don't think it really is,” she said. “What do you do with parking once you don't need it anymore?”
Comments
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Why it matters to you It's only a matter of time before VR games start becoming competitive sports and 'Sparc' could possibly carry the torch for that revolution.
During E3 2017, CCP Games, the studio best known for Eve Online, revealed that its “virtual sport” Sparc will launch on PlayStation VR this fall.
From watching the E3 trailer above, you may recognize the “vsport” being played on screen. It's incredibly similar to the disc battles featured in Tron, but you also may think that you have seen this virtual reality game in action before.
Last year, Sparc was known as Project Arena, and as Disc Arena in 2015. We took the VR sport for a spin when it was known as Project Arena, and found it to be not only a great ode to Tron, but as possibly the first big VR esport. Thanks to the warm reception of what was then just a tech demo, CCP turned Project Arena into a full game. Based on the trailer, and the description provided by the publisher, Sparc‘s mechanics and premise do not seem to have changed much at all over the past year — and that would appear to be a good thing.
One major change, though, Sparc will be available exclusively on PSVR at launch, whereas Project Arena debuted on the HTC Vive. Each player wears the PSVR headset and wields two PlayStation Move controllers to direct and fling projectiles down an elongated arena. On the throwing end, you can use walls around you to catch your opponent off guard instead of throwing it directly at them. The disk automatically returns to you and you have to catch it. When on defense, players must dodge incoming attacks or deflect them with a virtual shield. If the rules align with the ones we experienced in Project Arena, once your shield takes three hits, it evaporates. And once you get hit three times, game over.
One-on-one matches can either be played against friends or via the game's online matchmaking system. Even though it is meant to be played against a real person, if you wish to fly solo, Sparc will have single player challenges, along with training modes to help you improve your skills. CCP also promised that you will be able to customize your in-game avatar, and that likely includes your shield.
As a self-proclaimed vsport, Sparc will launch with “Courtside” mode, a social component that lets you watch ongoing matches in VR.
While an official release date as not been set, Sparc will be one of the more intriguing PSVR games of 2017. Based on the wording of CCP's announcement, Sparc is a timed exclusive on PSVR, but will likely launch at a later date on the HTC Vive.
For more of our E3 2017 coverage, tune in here.
BRADENTON, Fla. - A 12-year-old boy who was dropped off at a skating rink in Bradenton Friday night is missing, authorities said.
The father of Leonel Corona told Manatee County sheriff's deputies he dropped off his son at Astro Skate at 3611 Third St. W. about 8:30 p.m., a Manatee County Sheriff's Office news release said.
When Alfredo Bartolo Corona returned to the rink to pick up his son about 11 p.m., he was told Leonel had left with a friend.
The family suspected Leonel went to his girlfriend's house, but when they checked he wasn't there.
Deputies are asking anyone with information to contact the Manatee County Sheriff's Office at (941) 747-3011.
The gallery at the Presidents Cup was a little too rowdy, at least according to the wife of one of the participants.
Audrey Leishman, an American who is married to Australian golfer Marc Leishman, was upset by the behavior by fans at New Jersey's Liberty National Golf Club. She wrote a lengthy reprimand, which included charges of heckling one of the golfer's spouses because of her looks, on her blog, #PSdontusetampons entitled “This is not the Tour I know.”
“Golf is truly a gentleman's sport. But last week was not the golf I know,” she wrote.
Beyond the beauty-based shaming of one of the players' wives, Leishman detailed some of the other uncouth behavior she witnessed.
* Someone yelled “speak English” about a song during the opening ceremony when the singers were, in fact, speaking English.
* Someone yelled “bloomin' onion” at her Australian husband.
* People booing good shots for the International team and cheering flubbed ones.
Leishman had a life-threatening experience just before the Masters in 2015, and it is the inspiration for the title of her blog.
It doesn't feel right. District Attorney Nancy O'Malley owes the public an explanation of the warehouse fire case and her decision.
Outkast 4 Christ collected more than 100 bikes to be donated to underprivileged families in Ardmore. (KTEN)
The Outcast 4 Christ Bikes for Christmas program will see that more than 100 underprivileged kids will have a happier holiday season. (KTEN)
ARDMORE, Okla. -- A bicycle is a treasured part of any childhood experience. But for some families, two wheels are too many when trying to juggle the other necessities of life.
Outcast 4 Christ is a recovery ministry that's making sure kids in Ardmore don't go empty-handed this holiday season.
"This is our 5th annual Bikes for Christmas program," said David Tolbert. "We help needy kids in the community shelters with bikes for Christmas and help brighten someone's holiday spirit this year."
The non-profit collected more than 100 bicycles to distribute to shelters and families this year, and will be donating most of them over the next few weeks.
Some families were able to get theirs on Sunday.
"It has nothing to do with money or anything... it's the giving," said Ardmore resident Shery Riggs. "Just seeing my daughter go over there and pick a bike, I mean, it's wonderful. It is."
"It was awesome," Tolbert said. "It made all of our hard work worth it. To see smiles on kids' faces, on their parents' faces, some relief and some joy... and that's what this is about."
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Antioch High School's star running back Najee Harris has told Scout.com he should know by Saturday whether he will attend Alabama or Michigan, with Cal still having an outside chance.
Speaking at the U.A. Army All-American Bowl in San Antonio, Texas, Harris told Brandon Huffman of scout.com, “I'm still committed to Alabama, but I will know for sure by Saturday where I'm going to go. I'm not going to announce anything during the game or anything like that. I'll just know where for sure I'm going. I know I'm going from San Antonio to college.”
The game is Saturday at the Alamodome in San Antonio. Kickoff is at 10 a.m.
Harris is regarded as the top recruit in the country by numerous scouting services including Scout and Rivals.com. He has been committed to Alabama for almost two years, but Michigan coach Jim Harbaugh has been making a strong push to change Harris' mind. The running back also took a recent visit to Cal.
“Yeah, I guess you could say I'm still thinking of Cal, but really, it's Alabama or Michigan,” Harris told Scout. “When I'm ready, once and for all, I'll say what I'm going to do.” .
Harris told Scout he has a good relationship with Harbaugh. He also that Lane Kiffin's departure as Alabama's offensive coordinator would be a non-factor in his decision. Kiffin is set to become the head coach at Florida Atlantic.
“People keep saying I have this great relationship with Lane Kiffin, but it's always been Tosh (Lupoi) at Alabama. Tosh and I have always had a great relationship. I never talked to Kiffin all that much,” said Harris, adding that he's also becoming closer with Steve Sarkisian, the former USC coach who will replace Kiffin as the Crimson Tide's offensive coordinator.
“Sark and I have been talking since I was a sophomore and he offered me at USC,” Harris told Scout. “I went to their camp (in the summer of 2015) and worked out with him then. Especially since he got the offensive coordinator job, I've been talking to him more than I ever did with Kiffin. We have the relationship.”
Harris had a phenomenal senior season at Antioch, rushing for 2776 yards and 34 touchdowns. He averaged 9.5 yards per carry.
Harris is most often compared to Joe Mixon, the former running back at Freedom now playing at Oklahoma.
James Rossen of the Food and Resource Center in Ardmore talks about the KTEN Feeding Families Food Drive and how it benefits the clients of his organization.
The Chicago Cubs won their first World Series title in 108 years, but there may be more to come for the now-former lovable losers in the near future.
Theo Epstein is the mad scientist of Major League Baseball. After propelling the Boston Red Sox to its first World Series win in 86 years, Epstein went to Chicago looking to snap yet another title drought as the Cubs' president of baseball operations. The team spent three years rebuilding in the NL Central basement, but emerged in 2015 as one of the most fearsome squads in the league.
The Cubs lost in the NLCS that year, but as you all know, they would rebound by winning it all in 2016. The calendar has now turned to a new year, but the Cubs are still regarded as the team to beat heading into next season. Epstein didn't just build this team to win a championship, he built it to win several.
Last season, the Cubs were the only team in baseball with six players that finished with a bWAR above 4.0. Dexter Fowler, who signed a five-year, $82.5 million deal with the St. Louis Cardinals in December, is the only one of the group not returning to Chicago next season. The other five, however, are all under team control through 2020.
Jon Lester has four more years left on his contract and a $25 million mutual option for a fifth. Fellow Cy Young candidate Kyle Hendricks won't be able to sign with anyone else until after the 2020 season. Kris Bryant, Anthony Rizzo and Addison Russell are all signed to team-friendly deals that will keep them wearing Cubs uniforms through 2021.
More from Call to the Pen
Epstein didn't stop there. Javier Baez and Kyle Schwarber are locked up through 2021 as well. Jason Heyward — for better or for worse — will be on the team's payroll through 2023. Even veteran utility man Ben Zobrist will be with the team for the next three years.
This is a young team that already has two years' worth of postseason experience and a championship trophy to show for it. Their core of All-Stars will be together for at least the next four years, and most for even longer. That's a scary thought for other teams across baseball, particularly in the National League.
The Red Sox made the biggest splash of the offseason by trading for Chris Sale. The Nationals are returning their fearsome rotation and will be looking for a bounce-back year from Bryce Harper. The Indians bolstered their potent lineup with Edwin Encarnacion and the Dodgers signed all three of their premier free agents to keep their window of contention wide open.
None of these teams are the favorites to win it all in 2017. The Cubs were favorites from the start last season and responded by going on a historic championship run. They will enter next season as everyone's pick to do it once again. The way things are looking right now, it could very well be that way for a long time.
This article originally appeared on
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
Leverage the definition of your modern TV, tablet and cell phone to discover all the details of the most famous paintings from around the word.
(PRUnderground) February 14th, 2017
The elements of painting are intensity, color, tone, and the rhythm. All those elements must be perfectly reproduced for the artwork to be accessible with all its amplitude.
The movement of the brush reveals the mood of the artiste. The texture can be rough, fine, smooth, coarse, or uneven. The material is applied with a movement and an intensity. The result of all that is an unique piece of art that provides an unique feeling and experience.
In order to preserve all those aspects of the artwork, Pixinuum produced a 4K video and a 4K web slideshow focused on quality and fidelity.
The result is a museum grade experience, where contemplation provides emotion. This experience can run on your 4K HDR TV, modern tablet or cell phone with high pixel density.
Ideal for education purpose, as the emotion brings the motivation to discover more and understand the context of a painting. The selection is focused on inspiring, children friendly paintings.
https://youtu.be/cLftKHybvV8
About Pixinuum
Classic masterpieces in high definition – because details matter.
Fund manager Coronation has released a table detailing the rise of income tax over the past four years, ahead of finance minister Pravin Gordhan's budget speech.
Gordhan will deliver his national budget speech on 22 February 2017.
“While new and/or higher indirect taxes, closing loopholes and tightening the tax net may help, it is likely that the personal income tax system will bear a significant share of the load, as was the case in the preceding two budgets,” said Pieter Koekemoer, head of personal investments at Coronation.
Koekemoer outlined how the effective rate of tax has changed over the last three years for different levels of taxable income.
“We can expect a similar increase across the income spectrum in the next tax year. It is also likely that very high income earners (taxable income above R1 million) may be impacted by a higher marginal rate,” he said.
He further pointed out that Judge Dennis Davis, the chair of a tax reform committee, has suggested that this rate may be as high as 45%.
The table assumes 6% salary inflation for the indicated starting salary to illustrate the impact of bracket creep and rate changes, where applicable. It assumes the taxpayer is below 65.
Older taxpayers will have slightly lower effective tax rates, as they qualify for additional rebates.
The capital gains tax rate is a function of the marginal rate and the inclusion rate (currently 41% and 40% respectively for individuals).
Treasury intends to raise an additional R28 billion in revenue in 2017 and a large chunk of this is expected to come from a 50 cents hike in the fuel levy which would raise an extra R10 billion annually.
Kyle Mandy, a tax policy leader at PWC (PricewaterhouseCoopers), told SABC: “We can't see an increase in VAT. We have no choice but to see significant increases in the fuel levy, as we saw in the last couple of years. In the past two years we have seen an increase in terms of the ball park figure of 30 cents a litre.
“So in the current year it will have to be significantly much higher than that if the minister is going to raise a significant amount of tax through this.”
Read: These 4 graphs sum up South Africa's massive economic challenges
Biotech stocks Bluebird Bio Inc. and Spark Therapeutics Inc. were in the spotlight Monday as analysts weighed in on data presented by both companies along with others attending the American Society of Hematology annual meeting in Atlanta.
Bluebird BLUE, +17.91% led gainers with a 21% rise in volume, which was almost four times the daily average, after a series of bullish notes following its presentation of data on a cancer treatment called chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapy, or CAR-T, which uses a patient's immune T-cells and re-engineers them to better fight the disease.
The company and partner Celgene Corp. CELG, +1.80% said a Phase I trial of their bb2121 anti-B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA) CAR T cell therapy in patients with multiple myeloma found that 94% achieved an objective response, 89% achieved a very good partial response, 56% achieved a complete response and 9 out of 10 who were evaluable for minimal residual disease, or MRD, were MRD-negative, after a median follow-up of 40 weeks after treatment. Patients with MRD are those that have fewer than 5% of cancer cells in the bone marrow at the time of CAR therapy.
Patients in the trial had undergone at least seven other treatments, including a stem-cell transplant, before they were given bb2121.
Goldman Sachs raised its 12-month share-price target to $309 from $186 on the news in a note titled ”The sky's the limit,” and said the therapy “looks to have a disruptive impact on the multiple myeloma (MM) treatment paradigm” given the solid efficacy and safety profile, which supports development of this ‘potentially curative approach.' ”
Bluebird also offered data suggesting its LentiGlobin is on the path to becoming a key treatment for severe sickle cell disease, an inherited red blood cell disorder, said Goldman.
Don't miss: Three amazing (and possibly disturbing) medical innovations are here today
Related: Cancer vaccines, long considered failures, are hot again
Canaccord Genuity analyst John Newman raised his share-price target to $228 and said he estimates a 75% probability of approval for bb2121, up from a prior estimate of 50%.
Evercore analyst Josh Schimmer took a more cautious tone, applauding the data but cautioning that investors are taking a victory lap “well before evolving competitive dynamics are fully appreciated” or a sustainable business model is established.
See: Six promising stocks to buy for the biotech rebound ahead
“The results in both multiple myeloma and sickle cell / beta thal are exciting—but largely predictable and continue to reinforce our view that competitive players will also yield predictable results,” Schimmer wrote in a note. “ There is intense competition emerging (especially in CAR-T) and barriers to entry may be minimal while the speed of innovation only increases.”
Celgene shares rose 2% on the news.
It was a different story for Spark Therapeutics ONCE, -34.97% , whose stock tumbled more than 40% in volume that was more than 17 times the daily average, after the company reported data from trials of a hemophilia treatment that analysts said look less competitive than a rival product from BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. BMRN, +7.46% .
Hemophilia is an inherited disease that affects males and stops their blood from clotting normally. The condition can cause life-threatening episodes of external and internal bleeding and requires regular injections of plasma-derived human Factor IX.
The company presented early data from a trial of its SPK-8011 in hemophilia A involving five patients, but the results disappointed analysts.
“Although the enrollment size is small so far (n=5), early signs raise more caution than encouragement, on balance, and lead us to question whether there will be adequate dose-response for patients to reliably achieve normal Factor VIII expression levels,” Leerink analysts wrote in an early note.
RBC analysts agreed that given the small patient numbers, “the data raise more questions than answers,” but said the variability in Factor VIII results were below their expectations.
Spark is scheduled to host an investor event at 12.30 p.m. Eastern Monday.
See also: Amazon wants to disrupt the neighborhood pharmacy—but its sketchy health products could get in the way
Also: Acorda stock drops 40% on patient deaths related to its Parkinson's drug
BioMarin shares were up 6.9%.
Other movers: Juno Therapeutics Inc. JUNO, -14.34% was down 12%, after an update of results from an early-stage trial of a treatment for aggressive lymphoma showed three-month complete remission rates were slightly lower than earlier data.
UniQure N.V. shares QURE, -2.58% rose, then edged lower, after the company reported positive results in an early-stage trial of a treatment for hemophilia B. The company said eighteen-month follow-up data from a Phase I/II trial of AMT-060 in the second-dose cohort found “substantial improvement” in disease state in all five patients, and that all those who previous required frequent infusions were able to stop them.
The iShares Nasdaq Biotech ETF IBB, +0.15% was up 0.5%, and has gained 20.5% in 2017, while the S&P 500 SPX, +0.32% has gained 18% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.23% has gained 23%.
Read now: 5 things to know about biotech Denali Therapeutics and its $250 million IPO
Claims to be first Australian health insurer to use AI tech in this way
NIB Health Funds has launched an intelligent chatbot to help customers with health insurance enquiries.
Dubbed ‘nibby' the bot provides simple responses to queries and can point customers to the appropriate sales channel or claims consultant as questioning becomes more complex.
Initially launched on the ‘Contact Us' section of the website, nibby will soon expand its domain and pop up to offer guidance when customers are self-serving online.
“As our newest member of the customer service team, nibby allows customers to access the information they need at a time that suits them, without having to wait for a consultant,” said NIB's chief information officer, Brendan Mills.
“It's been designed to respond intelligently to our customers meaning it can have a conversation and will be able to handle simple customer service queries.”
Mills said NIB was the first Australian health insurer to introduce artificial intelligence technology for this purpose.
Nibby leverages Amazon Web Services', and utilises a completely serverless architectural approach, Mills told CIO Australia.
Amazon Lex provides the core chatbot functionality which is supplemented by AWS Lambda for integration and fulfilment, AWS Cognito for authentication and AWS S3 for static hosting.
“As nibby builds its knowledge bank it will be able to respond to an infinite number of customer enquiries, supplementing existing employees and freeing them up to deal with more complex issues,” Mills said. “It's an investment that allows us to harness digital technology to grow our business and customer service capability, while maintaining our high level of customer service around the clock.”
NIB worked with Melbourne based technology services firm DiUS to stand up the chatbot within four weeks.
“Thanks to our partnership we have been able to build nibby in a faster, more agile way, which has reduced the operational complexity and the cost of running and managing the chatbot,” Mills added.
NIB is now exploring the use of artificial intelligence beyond customer service, Mills said.
Nibby
“We're also looking to use AI to improve operational efficiencies and augment our existing teams for smarter decision making in areas such as customer retention, claims and fraud detection,” he added.
Investments had been made in conversational interfaces by 28 per cent CIOs in the region, according to a recent Gartner survey.
There are a growing number of chatbot roll-outs in Australia across a range of sectors; including at UBank, NAB, Domino's Pizza, the Australian Taxation Office, IP Australia and Jetstar, to name but a few.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Using obituaries to take shots at the sports world is a great way to bring some smiles to a sad situation.
Remember the Eagles fan whose obit ripped his team last year? Or the Browns fan whose condition was “exacerbated by the hopeless condition” of the team?
Now there's this from the obit of Robert Clyde Drew, a Texas resident who passed away last week:
Robert Clyde Drew, beloved husband, father, and Papa, drew his last breath January 25, 2018, mainly, we suspect, to prevent himself from having to watch the Patriots and Eagles in the Superbowl. A loyal Cowboys fan, he died peacefully with his daughter by his side, knowing full well that Dez, did, in fact, catch the ball.
Not only does that troll the Eagles and Patriots, but it's a parting shot at the NFL's catch rule. That's the best.
The lavish New Mexico ranch where Randy Travis and then-wife Elizabeth lived until their explosive 2010 divorce is up for auction, The Post has learned.
The 220-acre spread, located 11 miles outside of Santa Fe, includes an 8,750 square-foot adobe house, plus a guest house, swimming pool and horse stables.
No opening bid price has been established — but the ranch was listed for $13.9 million in 2015 and didn't sell.
An attached building, which resembles a chapel, houses a gym, bowling alley and shooting range. The lot also includes a customized garage, where the country singer, whose 1987 No. 1 hit, “Forever and Ever, Amen,” would park his tour bus.
In was in that tour bus that Elizabeth, who also managed the country star, reportedly hid a camera that captured Randy cheating on her with Mary Beougher — then the wife of the couple's dentist. The couple soon divorced.
Randy went on to marry Beougher in 2015, two years after suffering a near-fatal stroke. They've since relocated to a ranch in Tioga, Texas.
Elizabeth got ownership of the New Mexico ranch in the divorce, but moved to Santa Fe a few years ago.
Thomas Industries of Guilford, Conn., has been tapped to manage the auction and has been taking bids on the property, said company executive Barry Chappel.
Earlier this month, Thomas completed the sale of Don Imus' ranch, also outside of Santa Fe.
FILE - In this Sept. 22, 2017 file photo, Republican gubernatorial candidate Assemblyman Travis Allen, R-Huntington Beach, discusses a judge's ruling in Sacramento, Calif. Documents released Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, by the California Legislature show four current lawmakers faced sexual misconduct complaints since 2006. The documents outline complaints against Democratic Assemblywoman Autumn Burke of Los Angeles, Republican Assemblyman Travis Allen of Huntington Beach, Democratic Sen. Tony Mendoza of Artesia and Democratic Sen. Bob Hertzberg of Van Nuys. Rich Pedroncelli, File AP Photo
Image copyright AFP Image caption A Nazi SS soldier inspects Jewish workers in the Warsaw Ghetto, 1943
In 2012, Barack Obama made an uncharacteristic gaffe that set off a small diplomatic crisis - he referred to the "Polish" - and not "Nazi" - death camps of the Second World War.
For Poles, it was an acutely painful faux-pas. The nation has for years objected to the term "Polish death camps", saying it implies complicity in the Nazi camps built on its soil during occupation.
President Obama swiftly apologised, and a personal letter to Poland's then president Bronislaw Komorowski was enough in that case to paper over the diplomatic crack.
But under a bill passed by Poland's lower house of parliament this week, someone using similar language in future might be prosecuted. Put forward by the ruling right-wing Law and Justice Party, the bill would make it a crime to accuse Poles of being complicit in the Holocaust, punishable by up to three years in prison.
President Andrzej Duda has indicated he will likely sign it into law. "There was no participation by Poland or the Polish people as a nation in the Holocaust," he said on Monday.
There is widespread agreement among historians that some Polish citizens did participate in the Holocaust, by betraying, even murdering Polish Jews. But there is disagreement over whether those acts add up to wider Polish complicity — a nuanced historical debate that the Polish government now seeks to legislate.
"This is history as a tool, as a means for a nationalistic government to accuse everyone else of betraying the nation while painting itself as the only true carriers of the Polish flag," said Anita Prazmowska, a professor of Polish history at the London School of Economics (LSE). "It is a blunt instrument."
It is also a product of the current political moment in Poland, where 60,000 nationalists took to the streets in November to denounce Islam and immigration, and where historians see a once progressive post-Soviet state taking a dark turn towards right-wing populism.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nationalists march in Warsaw
For years after the war, under communism, talk of complicity was effectively silenced in Poland, from the left and the right. The Communist Party had no interest in being seen as the defenders of Jews; right-wing nationalists had no desire to wash Poland's dirty laundry in public.
But the stories were there, carried by witnesses, rescuers, and survivors — a complex history of heroic actions, terrible betrayals and even massacres.
When the Nazis seized the Polish border town of Piotrkow in 1939, nine-year-old Ben Helfgott was forced into a ghetto alongside his family. When the SS first attempted to transport him to a camp in 1942, he was saved by a Polish manager at the glass factory where he worked, who told the SS that he was not a Jew.
"It was not easy for Poles to help at that time, they risked their own lives," said Mr Helfgott, now 88, from his home in England.
He was eventually transported to Buchenwald in 1944, aged 14, and ended up in the Theresienstadt camp where he was liberated in 1945. The horror wasn't over though — when he returned to Piotrkow he was racially abused and nearly murdered by Polish army officers.
"I was saved by a Pole and I was nearly killed by a Pole. That is my history, it cannot be changed," he said. "They can pass a law but it cannot work. Many people, Jews and Poles, have written about this history. It is there in books. You cannot change it."
It was a book that finally forced Poland, in 2000, to reckon with the darker chapters of its past. Neighbours, by historian Jan Gross, told the story of a 1941 pogrom in the village of Jedwabne, where at least 340 Jews were locked in a barn and burned alive by their Polish neighbours. The account was based on interviews with witnesses, murderers, and survivors, and it shocked the country out of a long period of denial.
"Jan Gross threw a hand grenade into the debate," said Ms Prazmowska.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The historian Jan Gross with his book, Neighbours
Other historians followed in Mr Gross's wake. In 2013, Professor Jan Grabowski concluded that at least 200,000 Jews who escaped the liquidation of the Polish ghettoes were killed, directly or indirectly, by Polish citizens. His book, Hunt for the Jews, detailed a complex history of inducements and threats by Nazis and moral compromises by Poles.
"For years these topics had been off the table. There was a consensus of silence that was broken by Jan Gross," said Mr Grabowski.
The years after Mr Gross's book were characterised by a sense of moral and cultural renewal for Polish historians, said Dr Joanna Michlic, a professor of Polish history at UCL - a sense that national honour could be found in a truthful interrogation of history.
That flame of renewal is guttering under Poland's new nationalist government, she said. The Law and Justice Party, elected in 2015, has made it clear that it sees statements of Polish complicity as a stain on the country, and now potentially a criminal offence.
"The saddest thing is that this kind of policies are against the rescuers and the Holocaust survivors," Dr Michlic said. "Those people who witnessed terrible events in their own communities, what will happen to them, will they be taken to court over their own stories?"
Zigi Shipper was sent to Auschwitz aged 14, from the Lodz ghetto in Poland. "Many Poles risked everything to save Jewish lives, but there was also the opposite, there were people who gave their neighbours away," said Mr Shipper, now 88. "There were good ones and bad ones, and people should be free to tell those stories."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Witness: Memories of the Warsaw Ghetto
The bill was condemned by the US, EU, and by Israel, which offered to foot the legal bill of anyone charged. The Polish prime minister, Mateusz Morawiecki defended its intentions, saying that Poland would "never limit the freedom to debate the Holocaust". The Law and Justice Party, president's office, and the Ministry of Justice did not respond to requests for comment.
The bill does contain a clause that would, in theory, exempt "artistic or academic activity" from prosecution. But historians who spoke to the BBC were sceptical about the protections it would offer.
"The question is, who decides?" said Dr Michlic. "Who decides what is art and what is historical study? ... And what about the teachers and the journalists and the witnesses? On paper they are not exempt."
According to an Associated Press report, the passage of the bill through parliament was followed by a surge of anti-Semitism online and in Polish state media.
Some of that anti-Semitism ends up in Mr Grabowski's mailbox. In the past it was sent anonymously, he said. Now it is signed, and it includes threats against his family.
With that shift, "you do not even need a law on the books", he said. "Imagine you are a PhD student, do you really want to cross an unwritten line, when your career depends on funding from the state?"
Even a simple interview between an academic and a journalist might violate the new law, he said.
"This is not an academic pursuit, there is no exemption here. I could go to jail for this interview I give you and you could go to jail as a journalist. You see? You are complicit too."
After a white supremacist event “Unite the Right” turned deadly in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend, intense discussions about race have sparked all over social media. Twitter and Facebook feeds have been filled with comments and discussions of people trying to figure out how the violent events over the weekend transpired, as well as how we can prevent them in the future.
Things got a little heated on CNN when host Chris Cuomo welcomed former Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli and contributor Symone sanders onto the network to discuss the march and Trump's response.
Things did not go as planned from the beginning.
Sanders was upset and kept interrupting Cuccinelli because he was insisting that the stature of Robert E. Lee was a justification for bringing these various racist groups together. Finally, when he could not handle it anymore, he retaliated:
Symone continues in the fight:
Cuomo felt the need to intervene once it was obvious the two were about to engage in battle.
Watch the video to see these two go at it for practically 10 minutes.
Gas City, Indiana………Persistent showers throughout the day have rained out Wednesday's USAC P1 Insurance National Midget “Indiana Midget Week” event at Gas City I-69 Speedway. Track officials and USAC are working on finding a makeup date.
The 14th annual edition of “Indiana Midget Week” continues Thursday, May 31 at Lincoln Park Speedway in Putnamville, then heads to Bloomington Speedway on Friday, June 1, Lawrenceburg Speedway on Saturday, June 2 and Kokomo Speedway on Sunday, June 3.
WASHINGTON — It's not just this year. The monster hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Maria, Jose and Lee that have raged across the Atlantic are contributing to what appears to be the most active period for major storms on record.
And the busiest part of hurricane season isn't even over.
An analysis of 167 years of federal storm data by The Associated Press found that no 30-year period in history has seen this many major hurricanes, this many days of those whoppers spinning in the Atlantic, or this much overall energy generated by those powerful storms.
Scientists caution it is too soon to draw conclusions from the data and they don't say the intense activity confirms a trend. Storms in the distant past may have gone unnoticed, which could make earlier generations appear quieter than they were. Some scientists say past hurricane data is so weak that it's impossible to connect the recent activity to global warming.
But more intense storms are what scientists expect to see as the planet's climate changes because warmer ocean water is fuel for hurricanes. And they say it is important to better understand this current intense period to save lives and prevent worse future destruction.
Georgia Tech climate scientist Kim Cobb said it would be “foolish” for policymakers to ignore the data. “We may not have as much data as we would like, but we have enough to aggressively invest in a variety of defenses for coastal communities,” she said in an email. “We face a triple threat of rising seas, stronger winds and literally off-the-charts rainfall totals.”
The Atlantic hurricane season was more intense than normal in 2003, 2004, 2005, 2008, 2010, 2012 and 2016. The 2005 season, which included Katrina, Rita and Wilma, was so active forecasters ran out of names for storms.
Then came this year. Fueled by warmer than normal ocean temperatures and ideal wind conditions, September 2017 had more days with major hurricanes spinning and more overall hurricane energy expelled than any month on record, according to Colorado State University hurricane researcher Phil Klotzbach. Harvey spawned record rainfall. Irma had record high winds in the open Atlantic. And Maria hit the US stronger than the earlier two.
The Associated Press looked at all major hurricanes — not just the small fraction that hit the US — and grouped them into 30-year periods to mirror the 30-year cycles climate scientists use to understand how the climate is changing. The analysis found that in the period from 1988 to 2017:
There have been 90 major hurricanes, an average of three a year. That's 48 percent more than during the previous 30 years. This hurricane season is at five and still counting.
During the past 30 years major hurricanes have churned for an average of 7.2 days. That's 65 percent more than the average during the previous 30 years. There have been 18.8 major hurricane days so far this year.
Scientists use a measure called Accumulated Cyclone Energy, or ACE, that factors in wind speed and storm duration to gauge hurricane power. The annual average ACE of the past 30 years is 41 percent more than in the previous 30 years. An average year ACE is just shy of 100 and this year's ACE, with two months still to go, is 204.2.
Of the last 30 years, nine hurricane seasons were considered “hyperactive” according to the definition used by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and seven were above normal. Only seven years were below normal.
Was it just as busy for major storms in the 1930s or 1890s? The numbers say no, but scientists won't draw conclusions because they fear a large undercount of storms before the 1960s.
“There's no question that the storms are stronger than they were 30 years ago,” said NOAA climate and hurricane scientist James Kossin. “The questions are if you go back a little further if that's what you'll find. We do know for sure that things have increased a hell of a lot since 1970.”
So what's going on?
Scientists talk about two important factors for long-term hurricane activity: man-made climate change and a natural pattern of changes in the Atlantic.
The world's oceans go through long cycles as water circulates like a giant conveyor belt. They last 20 to 30 years, carrying water with different levels of salt and temperature. That cycle seems to coincide with hurricane activity, Klotzbach said.
Klotzbach predicts that a period of high salinity and warmer water in the North Atlantic that has been present since 1995 will soon fade — and take with it this ultra-busy period for storms. Other scientists dispute this.
More frequent and more intense storms fit what scientists expect to see accompany global warming, MIT hurricane and climate professor Kerry Emanuel said. Physics, computer simulations and numerous scientific studies show that as the world warms the strongest storms should get wetter and more intense and probably more frequent. Yet, the overall number of all named storms is likely to drop because there will likely be fewer weaker ones, scientists say.
Still, scientists say it would take more years — and maybe decades — of good data to know for sure if there's a direct connection to climate change.
National Hurricane Center science officer Chris Landsea said the problems with missing past storms are so severe “making any conclusions for the entire (Atlantic) basin would not be justified” and several other scientists agreed with him.
Climate scientist Stefan Rahmstorf of the Potsdam Institute in Germany said the data showing increased intensity is clear enough for him: “The only caveat being that the increase might be exaggerated somewhat because of undercounting early storms.”
What's happening with hurricanes — the frequency, the duration and the energy — is probably a combination of factors caused by both nature and man, Klotzbach said: “a mish-mosh of everything.”
SAN ANTONIO (AP) — Kawhi Leonard had a postseason career-high 37 points and added 11 rebounds and the San Antonio Spurs beat the Memphis Grizzlies 96-82 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round series.
San Antonio led for all but 13 seconds in winning its 10th consecutive postseason game over Memphis.
Leonard finished the game 9 for 14 from the field and was 19 for 19 on free throws.
Tony Parker added 15 points for the Spurs, who had three others score in double figures.
Mike Conley scored 24 points, Zach Randolph had 18 points and Marc Gasol added 12 points for the Grizzlies.
Game 3 is Thursday night in Memphis.
The Grizzlies forced seven turnovers while outscoring the Spurs 34-19 in the opening 16 minutes of the second half. Conley, Gasol and Randolph accounted for 21 points.
Memphis closed within 75-71 early in the fourth quarter, but San Antonio responded with 3-pointers by Parker and Pau Gasol in rebuilding their double-digit lead.
San Antonio had a better start than in Game 1. Leonard made sure of that.
Leonard opened the game by making his first three shots and four free throws as the Spurs built a 13-point lead, the same deficit they faced in the opening period Saturday.
Unlike Game 1, there was no coming back from that deficit for Memphis.
San Antonio had a 26-point lead in the first half on the strength of its outside shooting. The Spurs only had 12 points in the paint, but got two 3-pointers from Parker and Danny Green, in building a 26-point lead in the first half.
TIP-INS
Grizzlies: Memphis was 2-0 at home against San Antonio in the regular season, winning both games by an 11-point average. … Vince Carter was assessed with a technical foul in the first half after attempting to head-butt Kyle Anderson. Carter was upset he nearly fell on the opposite end of the court, believing Anderson had pushed him from behind. … Randolph had his 21st double-double this season and his first of this postseason after being limited to six points and three rebounds in Game 1.
Spurs: LaMarcus Aldridge has scored in double figures in all 12 playoff games with the Spurs. He became the fifth player since 2006 to score 1,000 points in his first 46 playoff games, joining Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, James Harden and Russell Westbrook. … Danny Green has 162 3-pointers in the postseason, passing Bruce Bowen (161) for second in franchise history behind Manu Ginobili's 309. … San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich has 160 postseason victories, which is third in league history behind Phil Jackson (229) and Pat Riley (171).
PATIENTLY WAITING
Memphis forward Tony Allen remains out with a right calf injury and Memphis coach David Fizdale is still unsure if Allen will return in the opening round.
“He's not going to play tonight, that's all I know,” Fizdale said. “I just take it game by game. Honestly, I don't want to get too far ahead, get too up or too down when it comes to that situation. I'm just hoping for the best.”
Bitcoin - a web-based "cryptocurrency" that has no central authority, relying instead on thousands of computers across the world that validate transactions and add new bitcoins to the system - jumped 2.5 percent to $1,022 on the Europe-based Bitstamp exchange, its highest since December 2013.
Though the digital currency has historically been highly volatile - a tenfold increase in its value in two months in late 2013 took it to above $1,100, before a hack on the Tokyo-based Mt. Gox exchange saw it plunge to under $400 in the following weeks - it has in the past two years been more stable.
Its biggest daily moves in 2016 were around 10 percent, still very volatile compared with fiat currencies, but markedly lower than the trading of 2013, which saw daily price swings of as much as 40 percent.
Bitcoin may have been boosted in the past year by increased demand in China on the back of a 7 percent annual fall in the value of the yuan in 2016, the Chinese currency's weakest showing in over 20 years. Data shows most bitcoin trading is done in China.
Bitcoin is used to move money across the globe quickly and anonymously and does not fall under the purview of any authority, making it attractive to those wanting to get around capital controls, such as China's.
It is also may appeal to those worried about a lack of supply of cash, such as in India, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi removed high-denomination banknotes from circulation in November.
"The growing war on cash, and capital controls, is making bitcoin look like a viable, if high risk, alternative," said Paul Gordon, a board member of the UK Digital Currency Association and co-founder of Quantave, a firm seeking to make it easier for institutional investors to access digital currency exchanges.
Though bitcoin is still some way off the all-time high of $1,163 that it reached on the Bitstamp exchange in late 2013, there are now more bitcoins in circulation - 12.5 are added to the system every 10 minutes. Its total worth is at a record-high above $16 billion, putting its value at around the same as that of an average FTSE 100 company.
APOLLO, Pa. (AP) — A family has been reunited with its dog 10 years after the dog went missing.
Debra Suierveld and her family assumed their dog Abby had died after she ran away in 2008 from their home in Apollo, but decade-old sadness turned to joy on Saturday when Suierveld received word someone had found the dog.
The black Labrador mix showed up on George Speiring's front porch in Lower Burrell, 10 miles (16 kilometers) west of Apollo. Speiring contacted Animal Protectors of Allegheny Valley, which discovered the dog's microchip and was able to contact Suierveld.
Someone had taken good care of Abby over the years. Abby is in great health and remembers things the family taught her, Suierveld said.
“She would lie on the floor and cross her paws, and she remembers my daughter's commands, and she remembers the commands I taught her,” Suierveld told KDKA-TV.
Suierveld called her 22-year-old daughter, who is a student at Miami University, in Oxford, Ohio, to share the news.
“She cried,” Suierveld told the Tribune-Review.
Suierveld's family has planned a reunion dinner on Sunday to welcome Abby back.
“It feels like a part of my kids' childhood is back, part of our family is back,” Suierveld said. “It's pretty awesome.”
Boeing to Issue Layoff Notices to Hundreds of Employees
by Darryl Hood
Boeing will issue hundreds of layoff notices to engineers in Washington state this week.
The Daily Herald reported Monday (https://goo.gl/BWosp) that a memo from the company's vice president of engineering for Boeing Commercial Airplanes John Hamilton says the cuts are necessary to stay competitive.
Hamilton also said in the memo that more cuts in engineering could come later this year.
In just over the past year, Boeing Commercial Airplanes reduced its workforce by more than 9,000, mainly through buyouts and retirements.
At the end of March, the division employed nearly 74,200 people, down from over 83,000 at the end of 2015.
German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier said he's more optimistic that a trade war can be avoided after speaking to U.S. officials in Washington.
Altmaier said his talks with Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross in the U.S. capital took place in a “very good and constructive atmosphere,” with both sides seeing an opportunity to find a solution that avoids a serious trade conflict between the world's biggest economy and its trading partners.
“It's not certain. But I see a chance that both sides can achieve with good will that there will be a positive signal by the end of the week,” Altmaier said. “I'm a few percent more optimistic this afternoon than I was this morning,” before his talks.
Altmaier's efforts in Washington and those by Finance Minister Olaf Scholz at a meeting of Group of 20 finance chiefs in Buenos Aires are part of Chancellor Angela Merkel's push to thwart a trade war with the U.S. Scholz told reporters in the Argentine capital he had exchanged views with U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and sought to find out what the motivations for U.S. threats on trade tariffs are. French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire echoed Germany's comments, signaling that he expects the U.S. to make a decision on exempting the EU from tariffs by the end of the week.
Altmaier and Scholz have been holding the first high-level talks between the U.S. and Germany since President Donald Trump announced plans to levy tariffs on steel and aluminum earlier this month, sparking threats of retaliation by the EU. Germany's export strength has been a frequent target of Trump's ire over U.S. trade imbalances.
“We're in discussions and this is the basis for hoping that in the end these talks will also lead to us securing the foundations of world trade and the open exchange of goods and services also in the future,” Scholz said shortly before his return to Germany. “I'm glad there are talks.”
Marijuana grown in Oregon and the handful of other states where pot is legal is being smuggled to other parts of America, authorities say. It's often hard to tell if the trafficked weed was grown legally or illegally, but some say the fact that pot is leaving these states at all puts the marijuana industry at risk.
Related: Legal marijuana states try to curb interstate smuggling to fend off feds
Here is a look at some recent notable cases.
Denver
Colorado officials announced on June 28 they had cracked a huge smuggling ring that, under the cover of the state's legal medical marijuana industry, shipped pot to a half-dozen other states.
A Denver grand jury indicted 62 people and 12 businesses. It was the largest illegal marijuana operation discovered since Colorado legalized recreational pot in 2012, Colorado Attorney General Cynthia Coffman said. Federal agents also were involved in the bust.
The indictment says the enterprise produced more than 100 pounds (45 kilograms) of illegal pot each month for shipment to Kansas, Texas, Nebraska, Ohio, Oklahoma and other states. The ring operated from 2012 until 2016, earning an estimated $200,000 a month, Coffman said.
Nebraska Attorney General Doug Peterson thanked Coffman for “exposing the influx of Colorado marijuana entering Nebraska,” the Lincoln Journal Star newspaper reported.
Nebraska and Oklahoma earlier filed a lawsuit against Colorado, saying legalized marijuana in the neighboring state was spilling into Nebraska and Oklahoma, complicating their anti-drug efforts and draining state resources. The U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the lawsuit without comment.
Two of the men named in the Colorado indictment were arrested during an earlier traffic stop in Nebraska with 36 pounds (16 kilograms) of marijuana packed into two suitcases in their car.
Bly, Oregon
An Oregon State Police trooper stopped a car that was driving just over the speed limit in a remote part of Oregon, and right away noticed there was only one key on the key ring.
Trooper Austin Hopson's training and experience told him that was a sign that the driver of the car he stopped on Feb. 12, 2016, was a marijuana smuggler. The road has been known to be used by traffickers seeking to avoid law enforcement, authorities said.
Plus, the passenger seat was full of items — including luggage and a musical instrument case — that would normally be in the trunk, and the driver was nervous. Hopson asked the man, a Minnesotan who was a former cellist with the St. Paul Chamber Orchestra, if he could search the car.
“At this point, for the first time during the stop, the Defendant would not make eye contact with Trooper Hopson. Instead, the Defendant stared down at his paperwork as his hands began to shake uncontrollably,” a deputy district attorney said in a filing with the Klamath County Circuit Court.
The police searched the car without the driver's consent. In the trunk, they found over 100 pounds (45 kilograms) of marijuana in vacuum-packed bags and a backpack full of cash, the filing said.
The driver was later let go and charges were dropped after a judge ruled police lacked probable cause to search the car.
Llano, Texas
A Texas man was piloting his plane after taking off from Medford, Oregon, in one of the country's richest marijuana-growing regions, when the aircraft attracted authorities' attention.
The U.S. Customs and Border Protection's Air and Marine Operation Center, in Southern California, began tracking the single-engine plane after observing it had a suspicious flight pattern and landed in Arizona to refuel, according to the U.S. attorney's office for the western district of Texas.
The pilot, Wayne Douglas Brunet, of Austin, landed at an unmanned airport in Bulverde, Texas, but when he saw authorities on the ground waiting for him, he took off again. He then tried to land at the Lago Vista, Texas, airport but aborted the landing when he saw law enforcement officers again.
Brunet then landed in Llano, Texas. He tried to run, tossing a duffel bag and a cell phone near the runway, but was arrested. Authorities seized 15 duffel bags filled with vacuum-sealed packages of 230 pounds (104 kilograms) of marijuana.
Brunet pleaded guilty on June 28 to possession with intent to distribute marijuana and faces up to 20 years in federal prison. According to a plea deal, he forfeits his 1969 Piper PA-30 Comanche airplane, $5,400 in cash and $3,000 in prepaid cards.
Follow Andrew Selsky on Twitter: @andrewselsky
Shares in Toshiba skidded today after the conglomerate said it would book a $6.3 billion hit to its US nuclear unit.
It also said it may sell a majority stake in its prized flash-memory chip unit as it scrambles for cash to stay in business.
Facing a March 27 deadline to avoid a delisting, chief executive Satoshi Tsunakawa said he would consider selling most, even all, of the chips business.
This is a turnaround from the conglomerate's previous stance that it would sell only about 20%.
The change of direction has prompted investors to question whether the company would have a long-term future without control of the unit and could well shake up the bevy of suitors interested in a piece of the world's biggest NAND chip producer after Samsung Electronics.
Taiwan's Foxconn is among the companies and funds that were bidding for the smaller stake, a source with direct knowledge of the offer said, declining to be identified.
Other bidders include SK Hynix, Micron Technology and private equity firm Bain Capital, sources have said previously.
Foxconn, which last year bought a controlling stake in Japanese panel maker Sharp Corp, may find it easier than other corporate bidders to buy a large stake as it is not a major memory chipmaker and could avoid any lengthy competition review.
Toshiba's new openness towards selling more of its chips business comes as the beleaguered conglomerate failed to deliver audited third-quarter earnings as scheduled yesterday, instead saying it needed more time to look at potential problems at its Westinghouse division.
The expected $6 billion writedown will also wipe out shareholders' equity.
It has been granted an extension until March 14 to submit audited figures but would face a delisting if it still failed to file within eight business days after that.
Toshiba shares slid to end down 9%, giving it a market value of 889 billion yen ($7.8 billion), less than half its value in mid-December. Just under a decade ago, the firm was worth almost 5 trillion yen.
At a meeting with its creditors today, Toshiba executives asked for an extension of a waiver for a loan covenant violation until the end of March, financial sources said, declining to be identified as they were not authorised to speak to the media on the matter.
Cuts to credit ratings after Toshiba warned in December of a large writedown put it in violation of one loan covenant, which could prompt lenders to call in loans early.
Toshiba's loans from banks and insurers stood at about 800 billion yen ($7 billion) as of end-September, a financial source has said. Sumitomo Mitsui Banking and Mizuho Bank are its biggest creditors.
While the two lenders and the state-backed Development Bank of Japan have so far expressed support for Toshiba, other creditors will need more convincing before they back Toshiba further, sources familiar with the matter have said.
Potential investors in Toshiba may also need to heed Japanese government concern about the future of a company its sees as strategically important.
FILE - This undated file booking photo provided by the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department shows Kishawn Holmes. A former student at Cerritos Community College is now suing the school and Holmes, the football player convicted of raping her. Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department via AP, File)
Video
Tom Evans has vowed to keep fighting for his seriously ill son Alfie after a High Court judge ruled he cannot be taken to Italy for further treatment.
Mr Evans plans to lodge an appeal as the 23-month-old "is not struggling, he is fighting" at Alder Hey Children's Hospital, adding: "I'm not giving up because Alfie is breathing away."
(AP) – A Facebook video of an Ohio man shooting a 74-year-old retiree in Cleveland was up for three hours Sunday after it was posted, raising questions about the social-media network's process for taking down objectionable content posted by its users.
The shooter's profile page was also removed. Facebook will deactivate accounts if it determines they pose safety threats.
The company said it does not allow such “horrific crime” on Facebook.
It has algorithms that attempt to automatically filter out some stuff, like pornography. But the decision of whether to take down violent acts on video is more complicated.
There is a team that monitors videos in dozens of languages, and must decide what to remove. Graphic videos and images that document human rights abuses and are intended to make others aware of them, for example, could be permitted. Videos that violate the company's standards , including those that “glorify” violence, that are “shared for sadistic pleasure,” or that mock victims, would be removed.
It's not alone in this approach. Google says “violent” or “gory” videos intended to be “shocking, sensational or disrespectful” shouldn't be on YouTube but, like Facebook, says that it allows videos of some violent episodes to remain, such as footage of, say, protesters being beaten with information added about the date, location and additional “context.” Users report graphic or violent videos.
Live video posted of Philando Castile , a black man who was shot by police in Minnesota during a traffic stop, helped drive attention to police shootings of black men through millions of viewings in July 2016. The video was down briefly, which the company blamed on a glitch, but then was back up. Facebook attached a warning about graphic content.
Facebook relies on users to report videos that glorify violence or disrespect victims. People have to know how to report videos and take the step to do it. Facebook reviews most video within hours, but that means some take longer. One exception: Videos posted live that rack up a certain high number of viewers are reviewed by the company and can be interrupted without any reports from users. The company would not specify what that threshold is.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
HMD Global, the exclusive manufacturer of Nokia-branded phones, has done a pretty good job of keeping their devices up-to-date. Late last month, for instance, the company opened up the Android 8.1 beta for the Nokia 8. But this doesn't change the fact that it's been 136 days since HMD's Chief Product Officer, Juho Sarvikas, tweeted that the kernel source code for the Nokia 8 would be shared with the open-source community — and it still hasn't happened.
On September 20th, Sarvikas tweeted that while HMD would not unlock the bootloader for the Nokia 8 for security reasons, it would share its kernel modifications. He called it a work in progress.
Sorry, we wont unlock it due to security however we will share our kernel modifications back to the open source community, wip — Juho Sarvikas (@sarvikas) September 20, 2017
Not sharing modifications made to the Android kernel is a violation of the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2), and these violations incite a measure of rancor within the development and enthusiast community. Well-known developer Francisco Franco has certainly noticed:
.@HMDGlobal get your shit together stop infriging the GPLv2 license https://t.co/gKX4KBQBIK — Francisco (@franciscof_1990) February 2, 2018
It's true that without an unlockable bootloader, having the kernel source code won't mean much for custom ROM development and such. But a violation is a violation, and there's some goodwill being lost here for a company that's off to a promising start. Let's hope HMD follows Xiaomi's recent example with the Mi A1 and complies sooner rather than later.
Tracey Kennedy has been appointed as the new chairperson of Cork GAA - the first female to hold the post.
Kennedy, who is from the Killeagh club, previously held the posts of PRO and vice-chair.
Her acceptance speech at the Cork convention was greeted with a standing ovation. In it she called for unity to improve Cork GAA and said members had to stop talking themselves down.
As reported in The Examiner, she added: "I won't be making any Donald Trump-like assertions to Make Cork GAA Great Again — Cork GAA is already great. We need to stop talking ourselves down.
Honoured and humbled to take over the role of @CorkGAAChair from @GerardLaneGAA today. Hugely grateful to the clubs of this county for your support, and looking forward to working with you in the years ahead. Ní neart go chur le chéile. Corcaigh abú. #GAA pic.twitter.com/iFWeckTrb1 — Tracey Kennedy (@Tracey_Cork) December 10, 2017
"We have 260 clubs in Cork and we play thousands of games; the service we provide to the community is second to none.
"We brought over €50m in investment to Cork in recent years, and we need to express that pride at every opportunity.
Kennedy also hopes to strengthen the Cork County Board's relationship with ladies football and camogie, and would like to see them played in Páirc Uí Chaoimh.
By ROBERT ROMANO
“I want reciprocal. If they're going to charge us 100 percent for a motorcycle, it should be 100 percent the other way, too.”
That was President Donald Trump in an interview with CNBC's Joe Kernen on Jan. 26 while he was on the ground in Davos, Switzerland renewing his call for “fair and reciprocal” trade.
Here, the President was referring to India's 100 percent tariff on motorcycles manufactured in the U.S., including Harley-Davidson, and telling the subcontinent that if it's going to put that kind of tax on U.S. goods, then it should go in the other direction, too.
Trump is right. Sometimes the only incentive for another country to lower their tariff wall is for them to feel tariffs, too. That is how tariffs have been lowered the past century following Smoot-Hawley — reciprocally. When each side is mutually agreeing to lower their tariffs in an enforceable, the world gets closer to free trade.
In the case of India, a good place to start is the $4.7 billion of trade preferences the U.S. gives under the General System of Preferences.
At $19 billion a year, the General System of Preferences, which expired Dec. 31, “provide opportunities for many of the world's poorest countries to use trade to grow their economies…” according to the U.S. Trade Representative website.
Right on its face, the program is not designed to serve U.S. interests at all but to redistribute wealth globally. It goes to “undeveloped” nations, even to large economies in the world. India, which also charges 13.4 percent most favored nation tariffs on U.S. goods, is the sixth largest economy in the world and is actually the top recipient of this program. Trump should pull India out of it and instead pursue a bilateral trade relationship.
Elsewhere, Trump promoted his “fair and reciprocal” trade agenda at the World Economic Forum at Davos. In his speech, he said, “the United States is prepared to negotiate mutually beneficial, bilateral trade agreements with all countries. This will include the countries in [the Trans-Pacific Partnership], which are very important. We have agreements with several of them already. We would consider negotiating with the rest, either individually, or perhaps as a group, if it is in the interests of all.”
This is exactly right. Particularly, pursuing bilateral agreements is a far better approach than the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which would have included 12 countries including the U.S. One size fits all hasn't worked at the World Trade Organization, and it was not going to work in the TPP.
Since taking office, significant progress has already been made by President Trump in putting America first on international trade and other globalization issues. The U.S. left the Trans-Pacific Partnership, is renegotiating NAFTA, left the Paris Climate Accord and has ramped up vigorous trade enforcement, starting with actions against sugar dumping by Mexico and then washing machine dumping by South Korean companies Samsung and LG.
Looking forward, the U.S. still offers significant trade preferences to countries without getting much in return. The General System of Preferences is just one example of all the steps that need to be taken to get to “fair and reciprocal” trade.
China, the second largest economy in the world, is still given “special and differential treatment” as a “developing” nation at the WTO, and in the meantime, world trade rules do not address currency manipulation including China's fixed exchange rate and the hording of U.S. treasuries.
Above all campaign promises, President Trump's call to renegotiate NAFTA is the reason he won in Nov. 2016. It's a bad deal that puts Mexico on equal footing with the U.S. and set the stage for the WTO and even worse trade deals. The President must get a better deal on NAFTA or leave it.
The consequences of these unbalanced trade agreement are clear. U.S. market share of manufacturing exports worldwide peaked in 2000 at 13.98 percent, and has been declining ever since, according to the World Bank. In 2016, it was down to 7.91 percent.
At the same time, labor participation among 16-64-year-olds has been dropping, resulting in some 9 million Americans being displaced from the labor force had participation remained the same.
As a direct result of fewer Americans entering the labor force, U.S. economic growth has slowed, not growing above 4 percent since 2000, and not above 3 percent since 2005.
To get back to robust growth and to create new job opportunities for displaced workers, the U.S. needs to boost exports with better trade deals. But to get there, other countries may need to feel what reciprocity is like first before they will come to the table. It is time for President Trump to take off the gloves on trade.
Robert Romano is the Vice President of Public Policy at Americans for Limited Government. You can read more of his articles at ww.netrightdaily.com.
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE.
YOU MAY, HOWEVER, COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Amazon
Rick and Morty is super popular adult cartoon show. It features Rick Sanchez, the smartest man in the universe–and a complete alcholic, who recently moved back into his daughter's home. He befriends her son, Morty Smith, and they get into some insane adventures.
The show dives into awesome philosophical and scientific problems, and brings them to life in a hilarious, engaging manner. Of course, there are tons of other Rick and Morty characters (and various things Rick turns himself into) to make a costume out of.
If you're still looking for Halloween ideas, then you should seriously consider a Rick and Morty costume. You could always go as one of the headline characters…or you could dress as someone super off-the-wall, like Scary Terry.
Without further ado, I've put together a list of the best Rick and Morty Halloween costume ideas. Check them out below!
1. Best Rick and Morty Costumes – Mr. Meseeks: Mr Meeseeks Unisex Two Pieces
Mr. Meeseeks is a part of an alien population created to complete a single task–and then vanish off of the planet. These tasks are generally set for a short time-frame, so a day seems like a true eternity for a Meeseeks. If they are unable to complete said task, Meeseeks will literally go insane…making for a fun time on Halloween.
This Mr. Meeseeks costume is a two-piece, powder blue outfit. It's made of lightweight cozy fleece, so you'll be set whether you're in hot or cold climates. The hands and feet are removable, so you can pair with some actual foot covers. This outfit will leave you saying, “Look at me!”
Price: $49.99
2. Best Rick and Morty Costumes – Rick Sanchez: Adult Rick Sanchez Costume
Rick Sanchez, of course, is one of the main characters. His crazy antics are exacerbated by his drinking problem–and insanely high IQ. With this Rick and Morty costume, you'll receive a lab coat, a wig, and an adhesive unibrow. Throw in a portal gun (grab one here), and occasionally burp throughout the night, and you'll have mastered Rick Sanchez.
Price: $49.99
3. Best Rick and Morty Costumes – Scary Terry: Scary Terry Costume Robe
Scary Terry is the Rick and Morty equivalent of Freddy Krueger. He's just a misunderstood creature who was born to be scary–but he didn't think he was scary enough–so he got very intense about his terrifying tactics. Just like Freddy, he affects your dreams. But, if he kills you while you sleep, you'll merely wake up.
Putting together a Scary Terry look for a Rick and Morty costume is actually pretty easy. With this set-up you'll receive a soft plush robe with an awesome hood. Just add some shoes (and some gray pants, if you're not interested in going commando), and you'll be screaming the B word after every sentence in no time.
Price: $49.99
4. Best of Rick and Morty Costumes – Morty: Adult Morty Costume
Morty is the other half of the Rick and Morty crew. He's timid, shy, and a little bit stupid. But, he provides rationale and comic relief to the series. With this costume, you'll receive the typical “Morty” shirt, and a mask that looks exactly like his face. Just add some jeans, and you're set to go.
Price: $44.99
5. Best of Rick and Morty Costumes – Pickle Rick: Adult Pickle Costume
Of all of the things Rick turns himself into, Pickle Rick is easily one of the most popular. In order to get out of a family therapy session, Rick chose to turn himself into a pickle. After a series of unfortunate events involving a cat, the sewer system, and a cockroach, Rick managed to make himself an even more BA version of himself.
This costume is perfect for anyone interested in Rick and Morty costumes. It's a one-piece costume, featuring arm and leg holes. Use of one of these blue mustaches, to add a Pickle Rick unibrow. Just yell “I'm Pickle Riiiiiiiiick!” randomly, and you're golden.
Price: $59.99
6. Best Rick and Morty Costumes – DIY Rick Sanchez: Rick and Morty Lab Coat Costume
When it comes to Halloween costumes, especially Rick and Morty costumes, it can feel like the selection is a bit paltry. Instead of settling for something you aren't super stoked about, create your own DIY Rick Sanchez costume. Here's what you'll need:
If you're really looking to get into the spirit of Rick, watch this video to learn how to burp.
Price: $39.99
7. Best Rick and Morty Costumes – DIY Tiny Rick: White School Lab Coat
Tiny Rick is a special character in terms of Rick's alter egos. Summer, Morty's sister, asks Rick to come to their school to defeat a vampire, by turning himself into a high school-sized kid. At first he outright refuses, then he decides it's a phenomenal idea. Get into the spirit of Rick and Morty costumes with this DIY Tiny Rick. Here's what you'll need:
Tiny Rick is, well, tiny. These costume parts are specifically meant for a kid–because of Tiny Rick's size–so it's a perfect Rick and Morty costume for a young fan. In the same breath, though, this costume can easily be adjusted for an adult. Tiny Rick is in the house.
Price: $9.95 – $18.95
8. Best of Rick and Morty Costumes – DIY Morty: Brown Wig
Just like with the DIY Rick costume, some Morty costumes just don't feel up to par. So, here are the pieces and parts you need, in order to create an awesome DIY Morty costume:
Brown Wig
Yellow T-Shirt
Blue Pants
Just toss in a few “oh jeez” or “oh mans” throughout the night, and you'll channel your inner Morty in no time.
Price: $24.95 (58 percent off MSRP)
9. Best of Easy Rick and Morty Costumes: Rick Sanchez Cosplay T-Shirt
If you're down for a Rick and Morty costume, but aren't a huge fan of, well, actual costumes, then you should seriously consider investing in a t-shirt. Instead of throwing something together you're going to feel uncomfortable in, opt to get a Rick and Morty-themed shirt. Pair it with a beanie, so nobody can give you crap about your non-dress-up attire. Easiest Rick and Morty costume on the planet.
Price: $12
10. Best Rick and Morty Costume for Babies: Rick and Morty Baby One Piece
Love for Rick and Morty comes in many shapes and forms. Because it's such a hilarious show that many Millennials and Gen Xers enjoy, it's easy to see how it can spill into their lifestyles. These generations have or are starting to have children. So, if you're going for a Rick and Morty costume theme for the whole family, you can't forget about the little ones.
This baby onesie comes in four colors, and is available in sizes newborn to 24-months. It features a snap crotch, with three reinforced closures. Plus, the shoulders, sleeves, and leg openings are double-stitched, in order to provide sturdiness in the garment. Match your little one with a Get Schwifty hat, for times when a Rick and Morty family costume isn't appropriate. Deck out the whole fam!
Price: $14.99
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
By Dave Shedloski
The Memorial Tournament presented by Nationwide always has been one of the premiere events on the PGA TOUR since its inception in 1976. And its status only seems to grow with legendary host Jack Nicklaus watching over the proceedings.
“It's truly amazing to think that a tournament hosted by golf's greatest champion in the game and played on one of the greatest golf courses in the game keeps getting better, but the Memorial Tournament continually rises in stature,” said Jim Nantz, longtime CBS Sports golf anchor. “For someone who treasures the sport and the history of the game as much as I do, it's truly one of the great weekends of my year.”
Newly minted world No. 1 Justin Thomas heads a field that includes eight of the top in the world rankings, while five-time Memorial Tournament winner Tiger Woods returns for the first time since 2015. Along with Thomas, all of the other two-time winners on the PGA TOUR this season are entered: Justin Rose (No. 3 in the world and the 2010 Memorial winner), Columbus resident Jason Day, Bubba Watson and Patton Kizzire.
Former PGA champion Jason Dufner returns to defend his title.
“We virtually have the who's who of players and virtually everybody's here, and I think we have probably done pretty well,” the Golden Bear said of the strong 120-player field competing for a purse of $8.9 million.
Nantz, who has worked every Memorial Tournament since 1986, his rookie year on the network, takes a look at the storylines this week in Dublin, Ohio.
>>WATCH: The Memorial Tournament Live Stream
The PGA TOUR calls the Memorial Tournament an enhanced event because of the larger purse and three-year exemption for the winner. I'd argue it's enhanced because the golf course is superb and Jack Nicklaus is the host. Agree?
The tournament is special for a multitude of reasons. This golf tournament has taken on the personality of truly being one of the biggest events in the sport. All you have to do is look at the field list to be dazzled and get the juices flowing. You've got a golf course that is ranked among the best in the world, and it's hosted by the greatest champion in the history of the sport, there's a lot for the passionate golf fan to get fired up about.
This week is a very strong field, with eight of the top 10 in the world and in the FedExCup standings. The Memorial always draws a strong field, but this one seems particularly top heavy.
It's a reflection of what's going on in the game of golf right now. For those of us who live the sport year-round, we're seeing wonderful things, [particularly] where the game is going and how it's trending. And the Memorial is one of those events that brings it all together. You can really sense that the players have a tremendously high regard for Jack Nicklaus and the tournament that he puts on.
Muirfield Village Golf Club can be an extremely tough test. We saw five-time winner Tiger Woods shoot 85 in the third round in 2015. But it also can yield some good scores. We've seen both extremes.
There are certainly a lot of places where your game can be exposed in a hurry if you're off by a fraction. It doesn't take much, as evidenced by last year's winner, Jason Dufner, shooting 77 on Saturday and rebounding and still winning. He was just a fraction off in the third round, and it cost him a pair of hockey sticks. I love risk-reward in golf; it brings the sport to a whole new level of drama. You take the best tournaments and the most memorable events we watch, and the term risk-reward is usually a part of it. Just look at major championship golf — and this really is major championship level. Look at what makes the Masters so great. It's the risk-reward nature of Augusta National Golf Club. You need highs mixed with the lows. You need the guy who pulls off the impossible shot and the guy who pays the penalty for coming up short. A young Jack Nicklaus knew what he was doing when he built Muirfield Village Golf Club all those years ago. It's the perfect arena for golf at its best, golf at its most interesting.
>>MORE: Golf Expert Interviews
Speaking of Woods, this is his first appearance here since that tough 2015 outing. What can we expect as he continues to put his game back together?
He's got a tremendous track record at the Memorial Tournament. He's come a long way in his attempt to rebound from back surgery. He's been quite a story. But who knows what to expect? He'll be closely watched, of that I am certain.
Justin Thomas makes his first start as the No. 1 player in the world. Does that make a difference to a player when he carries that banner? How will he respond?
When Adam Scott became No. 1 for the first time, he won at Colonial (in 2014), so who's to say we won't see that kind of response from Justin Thomas? This is a style of golf course that Justin Thomas grew up on. He was raised in these parts. His family has Ohio ties. This should be right in his wheelhouse. The fact that he is No. 1 doesn't come as any great shock. It comes at a time in golf when there could be a revolving door at the top of the game.
Give us your favorites and dark horses?
There have been guys over the years who have won this golf tournament whom you [would] least expect to win. There have been guys who won for the first time there, like a Kenny Perry and a Tom Lehman. Then you have Jack, Tom Watson, Fred Couples [who] always played well there, and Tiger with his remarkable record. Muirfield Village is a great showcase for many Hall of Famers, so you think about Justin Thomas, Justin Rose, Rory McIlroy, or Jason Day, who has shown tremendous determination to get back to the top of the rankings. And there are many players who appear ready to add their name to the list of winners.
Journalist and author David Shedloski of Columbus, Ohio, has been covering golf since 1986, first as a daily newspaper reporter and later as a freelance writer for various magazines and Internet outlets. A winner of 23 national writing awards, including 20 for golf coverage, Shedloski is currently a contributing writer for Golf World and GolfDigest.com and serves as editorial director for The Memorial, the official magazine of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio. He is the author of five books and has contributed to three others, including the second edition of “Golf For Dummies,” with Gary McCord. His last book was a collaboration with Arnold Palmer for his final autobiography, “A Life Well Played,” published in 2016. He's a fan of all Cleveland professional sports teams, the poor fellow.
Alion Energy announces supply of its StormTracker and SPOT robotic cleaning system for iEnergía's 3.6MW Calle Larga project. Located approximately 75km north of Santiago, Chile, the project broke ground in the end of May and is expected to reach commercial operation in October. This project represents Alion's debut of its novel tracker and automated cleaning technologies in South America, following earlier projects in Mexico, USA, and India.
More Headlines Articles
Alion Energy's StormTracker uses a ballasted foundation that simplifies construction and an elegant structural design that squeezes out substantial amounts of steel versus its competitors. Alion's robotic cleaning system delivers reliable, high-quality cleaning at low cost with a robotic vehicle that uses the concrete foundation as a vehicle track.Based in Richmond, CA, USA, Alion Energy offers its solar tracker and robotic cleaning systems globally to reduce the levelized cost of solar projects, especially for those challenged by difficult ground conditions or panel soiling.
SPEEDWAY, Ind. (WISH) – A transformation is underway at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
That's because crews are getting the track ready to host the Red bull Air Race.
24-Hour News 8's Joe Melillo stopped by the track to see how preparations are progressing.
The race is scheduled to take place at the IMS next weekend, Oct. 14 and 15.
For more information on the event, click here.
To watch the entire segment, click on the video.
President Trump has given the Central Intelligence Agency new authority to conduct drone attacks against suspected militants, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday, citing US officials.
The move would be a change from the policy of former President Barack Obama's administration of limiting the CIA's paramilitary role, the newspaper reported.
The White House, the Department of Defense and the CIA did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Obama had sought to influence global guidelines for the use of drone strikes as other nations began pursuing their own drone programs.
The United States was the first to use unmanned aircraft fitted with missiles to kill militant suspects in the years after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on New York and Washington.
Strikes by missile-armed Predator and Reaper drones against overseas targets began under former President George W. Bush and were expanded by Obama.
Critics of the targeted killing program question whether the strikes create more militants than they kill. They cite the spread of jihadist organizations and militant attacks throughout the world as evidence that targeted killings may be exacerbating the problem.
In July, the US government accepted responsibility for inadvertently killing up to 116 civilians in strikes in countries where America is not at war.
Share On more Share On more
As you probably know, Justin Timberlake is performing at the Super Bowl on Sunday and has spent the last few days in Minneapolis rehearsing.
Timberlake will be performing at Minneapolis' US Bank Stadium...along with the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles, which I guess is important to note because #sports.
Justin Timberlake's Super Bowl halftime show will not have an appearance from *NSYNC or Janet Jackson. He said as m… https://t.co/bK63OAsCTx
Fans have been aflutter over what direction JT will take. At a press conference on Thursday, the pop star firmly stated that neither his old boy band, NSYNC nor Janet Jackson — with whom he performed at the 2004 halftime show, sparking one of the most memorable and controversial moments in TV history — would be joining him on stage.
Jackson also confirmed to TMZ that she will not be making any surprise appearances during the performance.
Timberlake did drop some hints, though, telling reporters that "we're doing things with this halftime show that they've never quite done before. I'm excited to do that."
Image copyright Getty Images
Millions of rail users in the UK are bracing themselves for news of an increase in regulated rail fares from January 2018.
Train operators are allowed to raise fares by as much as the Retail Prices Index (RPI) figure for July, expected to be in the region of 3.5%.
The exact figure will be published later this morning.
Passenger groups said commuters would be worst-hit, and suggested that the RPI measure should be scrapped.
The rises will affect "anytime" and some off-peak fares as well as season tickets in England and Wales.
In Scotland, it is mainly commuters who will be affected, with off-peak fares rising by a smaller amount.
The Scottish government currently limits rises in off-peak fares to RPI minus 1%.
There are no plans for increases in Northern Ireland.
Inflation
Unregulated fares, which include super off-peak travel and advance tickets, will be set in December.
Transport Focus, which represents the interests of passengers, said rail users were already fed up with getting poor value for money.
Analysis: Richard Westcott, transport correspondent
Oh the irony... Regulated fares were meant to be the government's way of stopping private rail firms from overcharging passengers.
They apply to tickets where people don't have much choice but to go by train: commuting into big cities, for example.
But for many years, ministers have deliberately used the system to put prices up anyway. Why? Because they want passengers to pay a bigger chunk of the rail bill, so that the government pays less.
Fares used to account for about half the cost of running our trains. Today it's about 70%.
It does mean, of course, that people who don't commute by train, which is most of the country, pay less to subsidise the system.
But that's little consolation to workers who've faced consistent price rises that have often outpaced their salary. Even allowing for inflation, rail fares have gone up by about 25% since the mid-1990s.
I've spoken to many passengers - often young people at the start of their careers - who're on the brink of changing jobs because they can't afford the increases.
"Wages are not keeping pace with inflation and performance remains patchy," said a spokesperson for the group.
"Passengers, especially commuters, face potential strike action, the consequences of the continual rise in passenger numbers, and disruption caused by railway upgrades."
Image copyright Getty Images
Transport Focus said it would also like to see the RPI measure replaced by the Consumer Prices Index (CPI), which is currently running at 2.6%.
CPI is typically lower than RPI.
Costs
However the government said the fare increase was justified by improvements to the network.
"We are investing in the biggest rail modernisation programme for over a century to improve services for passengers - providing faster and better trains with more seats," a spokesperson for the Department for Transport said.
"We have always fairly balanced the cost of this investment between the taxpayer and the passenger."
The Rail Delivery Group, which represents train operators, said there would be an extra 170,000 seats for commuters by the end of 2019.
The Department for Transport also rejected the idea of using CPI to determine price rises.
It said RPI was used across the rail industry - for example in calculating the cost of running train services.
Horasis Chairman on Global Meeting, China, Trade
Frank-Jurgen Richter, chairman at Horasis, previews the upcoming Horasis global meeting that will bring together 600 CEOs and discusses French President Emmanuel Macron's visit with U.S. President Donald Trump, and the future of trade. He speaks with Bloomberg's Mark Barton on "Bloomberg Markets." (Source: Bloomberg)
The U.S. Embassy in Tbilisi has condemned the “illegitimate referendum” which is planned to be held in Georgia's breakaway region of South Ossetia on April 9, whether to rename the territory's name to ‘Alania.' The President of Georgia and high-level Georgian officials have also condemned the proposed referendum and have called on Georgia's international partners to react.
With this statement, the U.S. Embassy Tbilisi has once again supported Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The full statement reads as follows:
“The U.S. Embassy condemns the decision to conduct an illegitimate “referendum” in Georgia's South Ossetia region, planned for April 9. Such provocative actions erode trust and confidence and undermine the Geneva International Discussions. The United States will not recognize the results of an illegitimate referendum that is conducted in Georgian territory without the explicit consent of the Government of Georgia. Both the South Ossetia and Abkhazia regions are integral parts of Georgia, and we reiterate our strong support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders.
The United States supports the Geneva International Discussions as the forum to address the situation in Georgia's Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions. We urge all participants to avoid actions, including the proposed referendum, which undermine these discussions.”
The referendum regarding the name change will be held at the same time that de facto South Ossetia will hold Presidential elections. The question of the referendum will be: “Do you agree or not to rename the South Ossetian Republic to Alania?” The initiative for the referendum was originally tabled by President Leonid Tibilov in December 2015. He released an order to hold the referendum in February 2017.
European stocks closed slightly lower Monday, pulling back from a one-month high as technology stocks sagged.
But U.K. stocks bucked that trend as continued pressure on the pound helped the British blue-chip index outperform its regional rivals.
How markets are moving: The Stoxx Europe 600 SXXP, -0.05% finished down by less than 0.1% at 389.05 after opening modestly higher.
On Friday, the benchmark rose 0.7% and marked its highest close since Nov. 9, as it also scored a weekly gain of 1.4%.
On Monday, Germany's DAX 30 index DAX, -0.23% ended down 0.2% at 13,123.65, and France's CAC 40 PX1, -0.23% edged lower by 0.2% to close at 5,386.83.
But the U.K.'s FTSE 100 UKX, +0.80% bucked the negative trend. It tacked on 0.8% to finish at 7,453.48, aided by a continued fall in the pound's value.
GBPUSD, -0.3362% The euro EURUSD, +0.1359% traded at $1.1798, up from $1.1774 late Friday in New York.
What's moving markets: The Stoxx Europe 600 Technology Index FX8, -0.58% fell 0.6%. Tech stocks have recently been pulled lower on Wall Street and in other global markets on concerns that pending U.S. tax legislation will hurt the industry, while others suggest traders may be cashing in on the large gains that the sector has made this year.
But bank stocks FX7, +0.28% were 0.3% higher as investors looked toward an expected quarter percentage point rate hike by the U.S. Federal Reserve on Wednesday. The sector was also continuing to get a lift after global finance officials last week wrapped the long-awaited Basel III agreement on banking rules, which highlighted that most lenders hold a sufficient amount of capital.
Read: Fed getting ready to hike as retail sales, but not inflation, picks up
U.K. blue-chip shares mounted higher as the pound extended losses from Friday's session. Reports on Monday said U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May will accept the proposed creation of a parliamentary committee to ensure there's sufficient scrutiny to changes being made to EU law. The committee would oversee that there's not overuse of so-called “Henry VIII powers” that critics say would allow May and her cabinet to alter laws without parliamentary approval.
A weaker pound GBPUSD, -0.3362% tends to bolster shares of multinational companies listed on the FTSE 100.
What strategists are saying: “Equity markets in Europe have started the week on the right note as banking stocks are in demand after the Basel III announcement…The rules and regulation surrounding the banking sector weren't as restrictive as initially thought, and in terms [of] capital requirement, things are looking fairly positive,” said David Madden, market analyst at CMC Markets UK, in a note.
Stock movers: A number of tech stocks were at the bottom of the Stoxx Europe 600. Dialog Semiconductor PLC DLG, -2.46% fell 3.2%, AMS AG AMS, -1.41% lost 1.4%, and Ubisoft Entertainment SA UBI, -3.10% gave up 3.1%.
But in the bank group, Germany's Commerzbank AG CBK, +0.35% rose 0.4%, Spain's Bankia SA BKIA, +0.55% gained 0.6%, and UBS Group AG UBSG, +1.21% was up 1.2%.
In addition, HSBC Holdings PLC HSBA, +2.52% HSBC, +1.72% rose 2.5% after the lender said its deferred prosecution agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice has expired, and that the Justice Department will file a motion with the U.S. District Court seeking dismissal of the charges deferred by the agreement.
BAE Systems PLC BA., +0.00% closed flat after the defense contractor signed a deal valued around £5 billion ($6.68 billion) to supply 24 Typhoon aircraft to the Qatari Emiri Air Force. Delivery is expected to start in late 2022.
Florida State is playing in a bowl it's not eligible for Florida State should not be bowl eligible, but the Seminoles will play Wednesday in the Independence Bowl despite an embarrassing clerical oversight. The rules of bowl eligibility in college football...
Everything you ever wanted to know about the ACC tourney The 2013 breakup of the Big East ended any claim it could make as college basketball's best conference. Now, it might not even host the best conference tournament in New...
Get ready for college basketball madness to take over NYC The center of the college basketball world is back in New York City. Four years after the basketball-only Big East realignment, some of the biggest teams in the country will...
ACC shuns its North Carolina backyard over anti-LGBT law CLEMSON, S.C. — The Atlantic Coast Conference has followed the NCAA's lead and is removing all its athletic championships from North Carolina over a state law that some says can...
'F--k this s--t': Why is the ACC media guide so angry? Warning: This contains graphic language PINEHURST, N.C. — The Atlantic Coast Conference has apologized for a sentence with two expletives that appeared on a page in its football media guide....
ACC tournament may move to Barclays Center in 2017 The new-look Big East doesn't have a lot of time to develop a following around here. The big, bad ACC is coming to town soon, according to a Sports Illustrated...
WASHINGTON — The Arkansas Supreme Court put on hold both executions that had been scheduled for Monday night in the state — the first two of eight planned in the next two weeks.
Moments later, however, a federal appeals court overturned a district court's weekend ruling that put all eight scheduled executions on hold due to the state's execution protocol.
Absent a change in the Arkansas Supreme Court stays for Bruce Ward and Don Davis, that means no executions will happen in the state on Monday.
But the federal court decision means the state will continue attempts to carry out executions in the coming days. The state's governor, Asa Hutchinson, scheduled the eight executions — two a night on four nights in a 10-day period — to take place before its supply of the sedative midazolam expires at the end of the month.
The Arkansas Supreme Court previously granted a stay of execution for Ward on a claim that he lacks the competency to face execution. The state asked the court to reconsider the stay, but the court has not yet ruled on the request.
On Monday, the court granted an additional stay to Ward and a stay for Davis on a claim that their executions should both be stayed pending the outcome of a case before the US Supreme Court currently, McWilliams v. Dunn. McWilliams will address whether the expert assistance an indigent defendant is provided at trial must be independent of the prosecution.
In their argument in favor of the stay, lawyers for Davis and Ward wrote that both men "have been denied this right."
Although lawyers for the inmates said in a statement that the stays mean "[t]here will be no executions tonight," the coming days likely will involve significant additional litigation following a ruling against the inmates on their federal claim that the state's execution protocol — which uses the sedative midazolam — is unconstitutional.
The US Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit — sitting en banc, meaning the whole appeals court — ruled 7-1 against the inmates in ending the stay of execution entered by the district court.
This is a developing story. Please check back at BuzzFeed News for the latest.
An investigation into Michigan State University's handling of allegations against Dr. Larry Nassar is already getting ugly.
The Attorney General's office had state police seize evidence from the Big Ten campus on Friday, saying the university did not turn it over fast enough.
- Advertisement -
A spokesman for the newly appointed president of MSU then accused Attorney General Bill Schuette of playing politics with the probe.
“What you have been an attorney general running for governor,” said John Truscott, speaking on behalf on the new president, former Michigan Gov. John Engler.
Related: ‘Army of women' fights gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar with words
Schuette announced last week that he had appointed a special counsel to investigate MSU, which has been accused of ignoring warnings about Nassar's sexual abuse of patients for almost 20 years.
In a letter to MSU, the AG's office demanded emails and texts for a raft of MSU officials, from trustees down to sports trainers, be turned over by Feb. 9.
But Schuette wanted some things immediately: the computer, phone and calendars of William Strampel, who was the dean of the College of Osteopathic Medicine while Nassar had his sports practice there.
In a statement to the media, Schuette's office said: “On Saturday, January 27, immediate production of physical items assigned to William Strampel were requested by the Special Counsel. This has not occurred. We are continuing to investigate with our partners at the Michigan State Police and will not be providing further comment.”
Truscott called the statement disingenuous saying MSU officials had been in contact with AG investigators about a timeline for surrendering the requested items and had agreed to relinquish all but Strampel's personal phone in the next couple of days.
Demonstrators gather at Michigan State University's East Lansing campus to support victims of disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar on January 26. Dale G. Young / Detroit News via AP file
Related:
‘We were wrong': Michigan police apologize for doubting Nassar accuser
“Somebody's playing politics,” he said. “It lets us know what we are in for.”
Engler, he said, “won't be happy to hear about this.”
Schuette's spokesman, Andrea Bitely, said in an email to NBC News that there was no agreed-upon schedule for turning items over.
“It's unfortunate that some have chosen to politicize this investigation. This is not a crisis of our making, but we will get to the bottom of it,” she said.
Engler was named interim president this week after Lou Anna Simon resigned under pressure. Some faculty members and students are unhappy about the selection of a politically connected man to run a school roiled by sex abuse allegations.
Nassar was fired from MSU in 2016 after the Indianapolis Star reported the first public allegations against him. Since then, more than 260 women have accused Nassar of molesting them under the guise of medical treatments.
Nassar, who was also the team doctor for USA Gymnastics, will be sentenced on Monday for abusing three girls. He previously was sentenced to 60 years for child porn and
40 to 175 years for abusing seven girls. MSU investigated an abuse claim against him in 2014 but decided his procedure was not sexual. Strampel wrote in an email to Nassar that he was “happy” the doctor was returning to full practice.
Texas Instruments Inc., the largest maker of chips that help run most electronic devices, gave a quarterly sales and profit forecast that topped estimates, defusing concerns that orders are trailing off amid weaker demand across the semiconductor industry.
Second-quarter net income will be as much as $1.39 a share, the Dallas-based company said Tuesday in a statement. Revenue will be $3.78 billion to $4.1 billion. On average, analysts predicted profit of $1.22 a share on sales of $3.9 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Texas Instruments shares jumped 4.7 percent in extended trading.
The company said it's seeing strong demand from industrial and automotive customers. The forecast may help allay fears that some of the semiconductor industry's biggest end markets are slowing down, sparked by a spate of downbeat news from other technology companies in recent days. More than any other chipmaker, the company's reach makes it a proxy for demand across the economy. Texas Instruments, one of the oldest companies in technology, produces a part for almost everything that runs on electricity.
“The macro economy continues to be constructive,” Chief Financial Officer Rafael Lizardi said on a conference call following the report. It's too early to say whether increasing geopolitical concerns will hurt the economy, he said.
Concerns about the health of the chip business began when Lam Research Corp., a maker of equipment used primarily in the production of memory chips and the first large chip-related company to report earnings, spooked investors last week by predicting a decline in orders in the second half of the year. That was followed by Apple Inc.'s main chip manufacturer, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., giving a revenue forecast for the current quarter that missed analysts' average estimate by about $1 billion. The reports arrived against the backdrop of a brewing trade war between the U.S. and China, which could put some chipmakers' fastest-growing markets at risk.
Texas Instruments shares had gained less than 1 percent in regular New York trading before the report, and have dropped 5.8 percent this year. That's compared with a decline of 0.7 percent in the Philadelphia Stock Exchange Semiconductor Index in the same period.
In the first quarter, Texas Instruments said net income rose to $1.37 billion, or $1.35 a share, from $997 million, or 97 cents, a year earlier. Sales rose 11 percent to $3.79 billion. Analysts on average had estimated earnings of $1.10 on revenue of $3.65 billion.
While Texas Instruments saw stronger demand across its product range, orders from communications-equipment makers fell from a year earlier, the company said. The industrial and automotive markets will continue to be the fastest-growing areas for chipmakers because demand is being fueled in part by an increasing number of semiconductors used in each device.
Texas Instruments' analog chips perform the fundamental task of translating real-world inputs, like sounds and touch, into electronic signals. These semiconductors can be found in everything from refrigerators to satellites. Texas Instruments has deliberately avoided concentrating on one product area.
The company gets the biggest chunk of its sales from makers of industrial equipment. It's also one of the biggest providers of silicon to the automotive industry. Unlike Intel Corp. and Qualcomm Inc., it doesn't make chips that cost tens of millions of dollars to develop and then quickly become obsolete, making it less vulnerable to sudden swings in demand or competitive pressure. That's paid off by increasing the company's profitability, but hasn't yet driven sustained revenue growth.
Two men rape 9-year-old boy, give him N100 in Borno
Two men, 24-year-old Musa and Abdul, 21, have reportedly raped a 9-year-old boy several times after luring him with with N100 in Gwange ward of Maiduguri, Borno State. The father of the boy, Malam Jubrin, revealed that the incident happened last month when he noticed that his son had money of no known source. Jibrin […]
Two men rape 9-year-old boy, give him N100 in Borno
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Bears salvaged the final game of the series after Cumberland (18-8, 2-1 Mid-South) won a doubleheader Saturday to open league play. Alvarado and Jorge Perez each drove in two runs and Pikeville pounded out 14 hits in the contest, plating nine runs but stranding 13 baserunners.
Carlos Moseley and Mykel Gordon each recorded three hits and Gordon added two RBIs for the Phoenix, who collected 13 hits as a team but left 11 runners on base, going just 5-for-14 with runners in scoring position in the contest.
Hedgecock (2-0) scattered 10 hits, giving up three runs with two walks and two strikeouts. He retired eight straight after two first-inning singles, stranded the bases loaded in the fifth as well as two runners in the first and seventh innings.
Cumberland starter Travis Dohr (2-2) suffered the loss, allowing five runs, three earned, on seven hits in 6.0 innings. The righthander walked four, hit a batter and struck out six.
Pikeville (15-11, 1-2) struck first with a pair of runs in the third, with the rally starting after a two-out single by Alvarado. Alec Barba reached on a throwing error by CU third baseman Gordon, putting runners on the second and third, and Alvarado came across on a wild pitch.
Nelson Muniz walked and Matt Peterson singled to center, plating Barba for a 2-0 Bears edge.
The Phoenix cut the deficit in half in the fourth with a leadoff double by Rayden Sierra, who scored on a single from Gordon.
Alvarado started the UPike fifth with a double and Barba beat out a bunt single, putting runners on the corners. Muniz's sacrifice fly to center pushed Alvarado across for a 3-1 Bears advantage.
Perez and Luke Lubiniecki both walked to begin the Pikeville sixth and the runners moved to second and third on a wild pitch. Dohr got a pair of groundouts against a drawn-in infield but Alvarado delivered a two-out, two-run single up the middle, extending the UPike lead to 5-1.
Gordon doubled to leadoff the bottom of the inning and Jared Schmidt singled with one out, putting runners on the corners. Kyle Blackwell's single through the right side scored Gordon, but Hedgecock got out of the inning without further damage thanks to a pair of groundouts.
Pikeville broke the game open with four runs in the seventh against the CU bullpen, starting with a one-out single by Peterson and an RBI double from Vincent. Perez then delivered a two-run homer for an 8-2 UPike advantage.
Lubiniecki was hit and Travis Haen singled before an RBI single by Luke Hartlage made it 9-2 for the Bears.
Moseley doubled with one out in the bottom of the frame and Gordon's two-out single plated a run. Cumberland got another run with a solo homer to leftcenter in the eighth.
The Phoenix loaded the bases in the ninth with another Moseley two-bagger. Gordon was hit with two outs and Nick Mira followed with a single, but Pikeville's Brandon Sewell came in to get a popout by Schmidt to end the contest, earning a save.
Cumberland will not play again until this weekend at Kentucky in a three-game series beginning Friday at 1 p.m. CDT.
CU ends losing streak with doubleheader sweep
Jared Schmidt, Rayden Sierra and Mykel Gordon all homered in the first game and Gordon added a two-run homer in the second contest, helping Cumberland end a two-game losing streak with a doubleheader sweep against the University of Pikeville, 11-5 and 6-2, on Saturday at Ernest L. Stockton Field-Woody Hunt Stadium.
Sierra and Gordon each hit two-run shots and Schmidt added a solo shot in the first game, as the Phoenix (18-7, 2-0 Mid-South) scored in 6-of-8 innings. Gordon's two-run homer capped a four-run third inning in the second contest, putting CU ahead for good.
Cumberland starter Thomas Galart (5-1) battled through seven innings in the opener, allowing five runs, four earned, on 11 hits. He walked two and struck out one. The right-hander worked out of a base loaded and no out jam in the sixth with CU leading 8-5, getting a strikeout and a double play to end the threat for the Bears.
Curtis Hoppe got the final six outs, tossing two hitless innings with one walk and two strikeouts.
Pikeville starter Max Hall (2-1) gave up seven runs on six hits in 3.1 innings. He walked seven and struck out six. UPike (14-11, 0-2) reliever Chase Robinson tossed four innings, allowing three runs on five hits with five strikeouts.
Sierra was 3-for-5 with a double, home run and four RBIs, Hector Morales added three hits and Carlos Moseley collected two hits, walked three times and scored four times. The two teams combined for 27 hits and stranded 24 runners in the contest.
In the second contest Polo Portela (4-1) gave up a solo homer in the first but settled down after that, giving up six hits with three walks and seven strikeouts while allowing just the one run. He worked around a walk and an error later in the first inning and two singles by the Bears in the fifth.
Cumberland managed just five hits but walked six times in the contest.
Cumberland got on the board first in the opener after a leadoff single from Morales, though he was picked off. Moseley walked and moved to second on a failed pickoff attempt before Sierra doubled over the center-fielder's head for a 1-0 CU lead after an inning.
The Bears answered with three runs in the second, starting with a leadoff double by Jay Vincent. Jorge Perez struck out but reached on a wild pitch, putting runners on the corners, and Luke Lubiniecki followed with an RBI double down the left-field line. Luke Hartlage grounded out to second, plating Perez, and Travis Haen singled to right with one out, scoring Lubiniecki for a 3-1 Bears advantage.
Schmidt's solo homer to center in the bottom of the inning cut the UPike lead to 3-2, but the Bears plated single runs in the third and fourth innings.
Nelson Muniz reached on an infield single to start the frame and with two outs, he stole second and went to third on an errant throw. Perez doubled down the right-field line for a 4-2 Pikeville edge.
The Phoenix knotted the game with two runs in the bottom of the inning after a leadoff walk by Moseley, who moved to second on a balk. Gordon homered to left with one out, evening the score at four.
The Bears continued to answer, though, as Hartlage singled to start the fourth and pinch-runner Brandon Sewell went to second on a sacrifice bunt by Haen. Alvarado's groundout pushed the runner to third and Alek Barba's two-out single gave UPike a 5-4 advantage.
Cumberland regained the lead for good with four runs in the bottom of the inning, with Moseley singling with one out before Sierra belted his eighth home run of the year, this one to left-center, putting the Phoenix ahead, 6-5.
But the home team was not done, as Gordon walked and Nick Mira singled before an RBI single up the middle by Andy Garretson. Peyton Wheatley's run-scoring single to center pushed the lead to 8-5.
Pikeville threatened in the sixth, loading the bases with no outs on singles by Haen and Alvarado sandwiched around a walk to Barba, but after a mound visit from CU pitching coach Kevin Hite, Galart got a strikeout of Muniz and induced a 5-4-3 inning-ending double play to keep the lead at three.
Cumberland added two insurance runs in the seventh, beginning with back-to-back doubles from Morales and Moseley. Moseley went to third on a wild pitch and Mira's two-out RBI single to right-center pushed the CU lead to 10-5.
In the eighth Wheatley was hit to leadoff and Caleb Kellogg singled before another free pass to Moseley, loading the bases. Sierra's infield single plated the final run of the contest for the Phoenix.
Barba homered to right field with one out in the first inning of the second contest for the Bears, but Cumberland scored four times in the third to take the lead.
Janson Neff drew a leadoff walk and Wheatley's sac bunt pushed pinch-runner Joseph Midgett to second. Midgett went to third on a passed ball and came across on a single to left by Morales.
Morales stole second and scored on Sierra's single up the middle. Gordon then homered to left for the second time in the doubleheader for a 4-1 CU advantage.
In the fourth Jordan Hunt doubled to leftcenter with one out and scored on a pair of wild pitches. Sierra reached on a throwing error to start the fifth, took second on the play and came across on two wild pitches as well, extending the lead to 6-1.
Pikeville got the tying run on base in the seventh inning, scoring three times and stranding a pair of runners to end the contest.
Barba was hit and Muniz walked before a groundout by the Bears. Vincent also drew a free pass, loading the bases, and Daniel Sterenberg walked with two outs, forcing in a run. Pinch-hitter Lucas Bault dumped a two-run single into short center, cutting the CU lead to 6-4, but Blake Young struck out Haen to end the contest.
A Wall Street sign hangs near the New York Stock Exchange, Friday, July 22, 2016, in New York.
U.S. stocks pulled back on Monday as a decline in Facebook pressured the technology sector. Wall Street also paid attention to Washington after a Twitter meltdown from President Donald Trump, CNBC reported.
The Nasdaq composite dropped 1.8 percent as Facebook dropped 6.8 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 335 points, with Caterpillar as the worst-performing stock in the index. The S&P 500 declined 1.4 percent, with tech dropping 2.1 percent. Facebook was the worst-performing stock in the S&P 500.
Facebook fell after reports said political analytics firm Cambridge Analytica was able to collect data on 50 million people's profiles without their consent. Cambridge Analytica worked on Facebook ads with President Donald Trump's campaign in 2016.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A Minnesota woman who led authorities on a weekslong manhunt after she allegedly killed her husband, then went to Florida and befriended — then killed — a woman who resembled her, is now facing charges in two states.
Lois Riess is in custody in Texas, awaiting transfer to Florida or Minnesota for trial. If the Florida charges against Riess are elevated to first-degree murder, she could face the death penalty.
Here are some details about how this case might unfold:
‘COLD-BLOODED MURDERER'
Riess, 56, killed her husband, 54-year-old David Riess, in late March, then forged checks to steal $11,000 from his account, according to authorities. David Riess's body was found on March 23 at the couple's home in Blooming Prairie, Minnesota, with multiple gunshot wounds. Lois Riess was gone.
The search for Riess began and seemed to intensify after another woman, Pamela Hutchinson, 59, of Bradenton, Florida, was found dead in Fort Myers Beach on April 9. Authorities said at the time that Riess targeted Hutchinson because they looked alike, then killed her to assume her identity.
Lee County Undersheriff Carmine Marceno said Riess was armed and dangerous and her mode of operation was to befriend women who resembled her, then steal their identity. He called her a “cold-blooded murderer.”
A national manhunt for Riess continued until she was arrested Thursday in the South Texas beach resort town of South Padre Island after someone recognized her at a restaurant.
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
Riess is charged in Florida with one count each of second-degree murder, grand theft, grand theft of a motor vehicle and criminal use of personal identification information.
In Minnesota, Riess is charged with one count of felony theft. Authorities have said a second-degree murder charge is pending, but they are taking time to build the strongest possible case.
A judge in Brownsville, Texas, ruled that Riess could be extradited to either state for trial, and whomever picked her up first could take custody.
David Weinstein, a former federal and state prosecutor in Florida, said the Florida case seems to be farther along so it's likely that Riess will head there first. In addition, the second-degree murder charge filed by way of an arrest warrant in Florida is going to weigh heavier than the theft charge in Minnesota.
Weinstein said authorities in both states have to discuss the next steps together.
THE DEATH PENALTY
Florida is a death penalty state, while Minnesota is not. The death penalty is currently not a factor with the charges Riess faces, but that could change.
In order to seek the death penalty, Florida prosecutors must charge Riess with first-degree murder and that can only be done through a grand jury indictment.
State Attorney's Office spokeswoman Samantha Syoen said the office doesn't discuss such matters.
Weinstein, who is not part of the case, said that from what he's seen about Riess's alleged plan to befriend Hutchinson, steal her identity and then escape, it seems authorities will move forward with a first-degree, premeditated, murder charge.
But that charge doesn't automatically mean prosecutors will seek the death penalty, or that it would be imposed if she's convicted.
Prosecutors have to evaluate aggravating and mitigating factors. Some aggravating factors for the death penalty include how a murder was planned and carried out, the manner of death, and whether the death was heinous, atrocious and cruel. Some mitigating factors that might weigh against the death penalty include the defendant's age or mental health, Weinstein said.
SOME WRINKLES
The death penalty issue could be a factor as authorities discuss where Riess should face trial first.
One aggravating factor for the death penalty is a prior crime of violence. So, Florida prosecutors could theoretically opt to let Minnesota try its case first, get a murder conviction, and then use that conviction to bolster their argument for the death penalty, Weinstein said.
Pete Mills, chairman of the Florida Public Defenders Association Death Penalty Steering Committee, said prosecutors in Minnesota also might feel that the death penalty shouldn't be an option, so they might seek to try Riess first for that reason. They also might seek to bring her to Minnesota first so they can seek justice for family members there.
HISTORY OF THEFT AND GAMBLING
Riess has a history of stealing money and gambling, and authorities dubbed her “Losing Streak Lois” for her habit of frequenting casinos.
In 2012, Riess was appointed conservator and guardian for her disabled sister, who has the cognitive level of a 10-year-old, according to court records. In a September 2015 affidavit, a social worker said she received a report that Riess transferred funds from the guardianship account to Riess' own account, then spent some of the funds at a casino. Riess was never charged, but was directed to repay her sister, court records show. An attorney on the case said she has not.
During her time on the run, authorities said Riess gambled at casinos in Iowa and Louisiana, where she won a $1,500 jackpot on slot machines and used her own identification to claim the prize.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Getty Images Americans are pretty satisfied about the U.S. economy, job prospects and their own finances. Consumer confidence is near an 18-year high.
The numbers: Consumers confidence rebounded slightly in April with a small gain that put the index back near an 18-year high, suggesting the U.S. economy remains on sound footing despite fresh worries about trade tensions.
The consumer confidence index climbed to 128.7 in April from 127 in March, the Conference Board said Tuesday. Two months ago, the index hit the highest level since the end of 2000.
What happened: The present situation index, a measure of current conditions, rose to 159.6 from 158.1. The future expectations index advanced to 108.1 from 106.2.
Americans were more optimistic about their own finances and they think jobs are easy to find, the survey showed.
Read: U.S. economy hits brakes in early 2018, but it's gassed up and ready to go for spring
Big picture: The U.S. economy appears to be speeding up after a slowdown at the start of the year, repeating a pattern that goes back almost two decades. Millions of Americans have found jobs, the unemployment rate is at a 17-year low and businesses are investing more.
Economists polled by MarketWatch predict the U.S. will grow a healthy 3.2% in the second quarter that stretches from April to June.
Read: Signs of higher U.S. inflation are popping up everywhere
What are they saying?: “Overall, confidence levels remain strong and suggest that the economy will continue expanding at a solid pace in the months ahead,” said Lynn Franco, director of economic indicators at board.
Market reaction: The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.25% and Standard & Poor's SPX, -0.27% rose in Tuesday trades. The 10-year Treasury yield TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.66% rose slightly and touched 3%, a level it hasn't seen in quite some time.
Mansfield Town midfielder Will Atkinson enjoyed his best day of the season so far as he marked his return to the team with a goal in the 3-1 victory over Barnet.
But he knows, such is the depth of talent in the squad, there are no guarantees he will keep hold of his shirt.
“That was one of my most enjoyable games this season,” he said.
“It's nice to be back in the team. Getting a start today, all I wanted was to get the three points.
“Scoring a goal and us getting a convincing win, it's been a good day for me and the team.
“I work hard every day and I have been frustrated to not be in the team. But that's the nature of the game.
“We've got such a good squad here. There are players in the stand who aren't even in the squad who are good footballers.
“But I thought I deserved my chance today and hopefully I've taken it.
“The manager has a really tough job with such a big and good squad, it's hard to keep everyone happy.
“But we all have the same goal, which is obviously promotion. Everyone wants to play, that's natural. But if you're not in the team you support the other boys.
“I want to play every game. That might not happen so you just do your best when you can.”
Atkinson made it 2-0 on 55 minutes and recalled: “I enjoyed my goal. I was just doing a job on the keeper, trying to stop him coming for the ball. Kane Hemmings got a little flick and I just reacted and topepoked it in.
“My family were here today so it was nice to get one. My dad comes quite a lot but my mum came today with him so it was nice to score it for them.
“It was a vital goal as, at 1-0, it was in the balance.
“We should have won by more. On another day it could have been four or five.”
North Korea is giving a gold-medal brush off to those criticizing its plans to stage a giant military parade the day before the Winter Olympics begin.
The Rodong Sinmun newspaper dismissed as “malicious” allegations that the parade is intended to ruin the atmosphere of the Olympics opening the following day in South Korea.
“Nobody has the right to take issue” with the parade, which will mark the 70th anniversary of the founding of North Korea's military, the newspaper said.
“This amounts to arguing that we knew 70 years ago the Olympics will take place in the South on Feb. 9, 2018,” said Rodong Sinmun, the official paper of North Korea's ruling Workers' Party.
“It is a custom and very basic common sense that any country in the world takes the founding anniversary of its military very seriously and celebrates it,” Rodong Sinmun said.
The Hermit Kingdom's army was created on Feb. 8, but the chilly nation — it was 6 degrees in Pyongyang yesterday — typically celebrates on April 25. The date switch was announced last month.
North Korean soldiers and armored vehicles are rehearsing for the big parade in downtown Pyongyang, satellite photos show.
The parade will likely be a show of military strength featuring thousands of goose-stepping soldiers and a display of the country's defiant stash of missiles.
The North hastily assembled a group of 22 athletes for this year's winter Olympics, being held across the demilitarized zone in South Korea.
North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un announced in his annual New Year's speech his plan to send a team to the South.
The North's decision to participate has led to a thaw in relations between the North and South — leading some to dub this year's Olympics the “Peace Games.”
The North agreed to have its athletes march in the opening ceremonies with the South Korean team, and the two countries are fielding a combined women's ice hockey team.
North Korea's decision to take part in the games is seen by some as an effort to ease tensions over its nuclear program and recent missile tests.
Some experts see the North's cooperation in the Games as an attempt to use improved inter-Korean ties to weaken U.S.-led international sanctions.
With Post Wires
Tunnel of Oppression will take place in the Ballroom in the SUB from 10:00 AM - 10:00 PM on Monday, February 6th and again from 9:00 AM - 1:00 PM on Tuesday, February 7th. To sign up to attend or for more information please see our website: www.housing.ttu.edu/tunnel
CHAMPAIGN COUNTY, Ohio (WDTN) – The Champaign County Sheriff's Office issued a missing juvenile alert October 5.
The sheriff's office said Alexis Dixon was last seen at Triad High School around 10:00 a.m. and carrying a duffle bag and family members reported to officers that Alexis left her house key at home and personal items from her room were gone.
According to the Champaign County Sheriff's Office report, Alexis had a ride from the high school to Urbana and Alexis's friends said she could be heading towards Columbus.
Anyone with information regarding the missing juvenile is encouraged to contact Detective Ryan Black, or Detective Josh Welty with the Champaign County Sheriff's Office at (937) 653-3409.
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster had been wondering how his French bulldog puppy, Boujee, was able to escape from his cage. So, he did what any curious dog owner would do and secretly filmed it.
We're thankful he did because the answer could not have been more adorable.
I was wondering for the longest time how my dog Boujee was getting out of his cage…look what happens 😂 #PrisonBreak @TeamBoujee pic.twitter.com/YCbiQnl1m8 — JuJu Smith-Schuster (@TeamJuJu) April 24, 2018
Boujee had the escape down to a science.
He'd first take a huge leap, so he could grab hold to the top of the cage. Then, Boujee contorted his body in the perfect position to make a second leap onto a nearby cushion.
Upon escaping the cage, Boujee went straight for the Starburst.
Yes, even I workout too! ✅ A post shared by Boujee (@boujee) on Mar 23, 2018 at 8:16pm PDT
He's a very good dog.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The church where Richard III was buried was demolished in the first half of the 16th Century
Exactly five years ago, archaeologists confirmed that a skeleton found beneath a Leicester car park was that of Richard III. It was an extraordinary revelation that captured imaginations across the world. But for some people, whose fates seemed in some way entwined with the last Plantagenet king's, the discovery of the royal remains would change their lives. These are their stories.
'I felt like I was reliving his last moments'
Image copyright Steve Ryan Image caption The body double: Dominic Smee has adolescent onset idiopathic thoracic scoliosis - the same type as King Richard
Riding atop a horse in a glistening replica of Richard III's armour, an expression of excitement mixed with sheer terror crossed Dominic Smee's face as he charged at a target and struck it with his lance.
"It was a huge thrill," he remembers.
"Being in control of such a powerful animal and physically making contact with the object in front of me is an experience that you need to have yourself to understand what it truly feels like, but it was quite literally a dream come true."
Reaching this point had been a long journey for Dominic - far longer than the intensive training filmed over four months for a Channel 4 documentary.
Image copyright Christina Smee Image caption Dominic learnt to ride a horse in battle as part of research for the Richard III project
As a child he was plagued with low self-esteem, and this only became worse when he developed scoliosis - curvature of the spine - as a teenager.
Dominic stopped doing things like swimming as his condition became more prominent. A naturally skinny build anyway, he realised he needed to stay slim as it reduced the strain on his spine.
"For a young guy where masculinity was defined by performance in sports or how muscled you were, this was a very difficult time for me," explains Dominic, now 30, from Staffordshire.
"I didn't think girls would like me because of who I was, and the idea that my condition didn't define me or my potential in life was foreign to me."
Image caption Richard III's spine was curved in almost exactly the same way as Dominic's
Like millions of other people, he had followed the story of the car park king with amazement. However, it became eerily poignant for Dominic when he realised their spines were curved in almost exactly the same way.
In another coincidence, Dominic was part of a living history group based at the battlefield where Richard III was killed. A member of the group shared an online lecture exploring how the king might have fought in armour, so Dominic emailed the lecturer offering to help with his research. Their work together became the focus of the documentary Richard III: The New Evidence.
Image copyright Carl Vivian - University of Leicester Image caption Dominic had 32 hours of foot combat training and 40 hours of riding training
"The original plan was for me to have a go and see how I fared at some of King Richard's knightly training," says Dominic.
He was put through 32 hours of foot combat training and 40 hours of riding training, and picked it all up so quickly he could be filmed playing Richard during his final moments, with no need for a stunt double.
"It was during this moment that the world swam and I really did feel like I was reliving his potential last moments," he remembers.
"The whole experience was both physically and mentally exhausting - there were bruises, muscular aches and pains and a fair amount of self-doubt from start to finish, but I'd happily go through it all over again."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption He said it was an "incredible experience" when Benedict Cumberbatch recognised him
Dominic said he was treated like a celebrity after the documentary aired, even being recognised by actor Benedict Cumberbatch - a distant relative of Richard III - during the week of the king's reinterment at Leicester Cathedral.
"That was an incredible experience, an A-lister wanting to meet me," he says.
However, the positive effects have been far longer-lasting. The boy who hated standing up in front of the class at school became an adult who is now confident enough to give lectures about his experiences and the research.
Image copyright Carl Vivian - University of Leicester Image caption Dominic Smee now sees his scoliosis as "part of what makes me, me"
"The way other people accepted me for who I was changed my outlook, and I think all that started when I took my top off in front of a room of total strangers at the beginning of filming," he says.
"I realised that not all people would judge and condemn me for opening up about who I was inside.
"In fact, I got a lot of respect from people there because of how brave I was."
'We all treated it as a joke'
Image copyright PA Image caption The relative: Michael Ibsen gave his DNA sample the day before digging began
Giving a DNA sample while standing in a car park in August 2012, Michael Ibsen would never have predicted the bizarre turn of events that was about to unfold.
A cabinet-maker by trade, he is a descendant of Richard III's sister Anne and had been invited along to represent the family as the archaeological search for the king's remains began.
"No-one thought they were going to find Richard III," he says.
"On that day I remember Turi King took a DNA sample in the car park.
"We all treated it as a joke because we all thought it wouldn't be needed."
Image copyright Carl Vivian - University of Leicester Image caption Archaeologist Mathew Morris found a human left leg bone at the edge of trench one on the first day of the dig at the Greyfriars site
But within hours of work starting, human bones were found.
"I find the whole thing really shocking in a way," Michael says.
"What was the likelihood of them finding him? It's almost beyond belief."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The cabinet-maker was asked to make Richard's coffin, but has received only one other related commission - bookcases for a man with a collection of volumes about Richard III and the Wars of the Roses
Michael's DNA sample eventually proved to be vital in confirming the remains were King Richard's "beyond reasonable doubt".
"During the process of confirming the remains were those of Richard III it was a bit of a media scrum that went on and off over a period of a year or two before he was finally reburied," remembers Michael.
He was being recognised whenever he went to Leicester. Even in London, where he lives, he was approached a few times while doing his shopping.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Michael Ibsen placing a rose on Richard III's coffin during a service in Leicester
"I couldn't really go out in public for a period of several days, so it gave me a feeling of what it must be like for members of boy bands with screaming women following them around," Michael says.
"There were a fair few requests for autographs."
'I had to be careful what I said'
Image copyright PA Image caption The car park attendant: Mike Mistry was unexpectedly thrust into the spotlight
As a car park attendant for Leicester City Council for more than 15 years, Mike Mistry had come into contact with many people, but had never experienced anything even approaching the limelight.
But that changed when his car park became arguably the most famous in the world.
Mike was pictured peering from his cabin as archaeologists began to march around his car park, painting lines and pushing surveying equipment.
Image caption Mike worked above the king's grave for more than 15 years
"(The archaeologists) had come a year before but I don't think they had the money to do it," he says.
"I didn't know much about Richard III at the time, the battles and things, so I got them to tell me all about it.
"This time though they were very excited. I was excited because I felt sure they would find something."
And they were right. Mike had a ringside seat to one of the greatest archaeological discoveries of the modern era.
"I came to work and there was something happening," Mike recalls. "I got called over and they showed me the hole they had dug.
"They said they had found some bones and I was told not to take any photos or tell anyone."
Mike had also unwittingly contributed to the mythology surrounding the discovery - he painted the large "R" on the parking bay below which the king was found.
Image copyright Carl Vivian - University of Leicester Image caption King Richard III's remains were discovered under a spot in a Leicester City Council staff car park that had been marked with an "R" by Mike
"It was a reserved space and I didn't want people to park there," he says.
"One day a builder was working so I borrowed some white paint and put the 'R' there."
And while there were fewer spaces for cars after the dig, there were many more visitors to keep him busy.
"They came from Germany and Australia and America. I had to be careful what I said but I told them what I could and they seemed to be pleased to talk to the man who looked after Richard's car park."
Unfortunately, Mike was made redundant in 2016 and has yet to find another attendant's job.
"I really enjoyed meeting people from all over the world who came to see my car park, and talking to them. I miss it.
"I still go along to the car park and the visitor centre - even to the cathedral where he is buried - and I tell people he was found in my car park. I looked after him for a while."
'My road to Damascus event'
Image copyright Ian Churchward Image caption The musician: The career of Ian Churchward (left) has been reshaped as a result of the discovery of Richard's remains
"It just blew my mind", recalls Ian Churchward about a documentary he watched on the discovery of Richard III's remains. "I couldn't get over the emotion.
"This was my road to Damascus event and a song I had been struggling with became The House of York, my first Ricardian song."
Music had been a "hobby" for Ian, but the discovery of Richard III led to it to becoming an all-consuming passion.
His Devon-based folk-rock band, The Legendary Ten Seconds, was sent in a new direction.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sample of a Richard III folk-rock concept album
"The first track got good feedback, so we did an entire album and that went down well.
"Now we have five Richard III albums, with a sixth coming together," he said.
The albums feature songs with titles like Shining Knight, Battle in the Mist and Richard Liveth Yet, and even include a Ricardian Christmas song - Golden Angels.
Image copyright Dan Kitwood/Getty Images Image caption Ian has also joined forces with Philippa Langley - pictured here next to a facial reconstruction of Richard - whose determination led to the discovery of the lost king
"But we wanted to go beyond just separate songs, so we produced a Richard III concept album called Tant Le Desiree, from one of his mottos [meaning 'I have longed for it so much'].
"It's a bit like a medieval version of Jeff Wayne's War of the Worlds, with a series of musical pieces linked by narration in the guise of Richard's mother, Cecily Neville."
The band have been invited to play festivals, battlefields and even flying out for a gig in front the US branch of the Richard III Society.
Ian admits that before the inspiration Richard provided, his music did not get much attention.
"We got a play on the John Peel show, but that was it.
"But Richard seems to have really tapped into something, There are so many stories to tell."
