No matter what happened this season or what coach Matt Rhule and his staff did, Baylor was always facing a struggle.
Attrition, in part caused by the sexual assault scandal that brought down coach Art Briles, had played havoc with the roster. Baylor has lost 41 players from the 2013-16 recruiting classes who could still conceivably have eligibility this season.
Then factor in 57 missed games so far this season, and you have two key reasons why Baylor has started 0-5 for the first time in nearly 40 years. While Rhule has refused to make excuses or criticize current players, the impact is hard to ignore.
Consider the numbers: Baylor signed 86 players to national letters of intent from 2013-16. Of that total, 33 left before completing their eligibility, including some very familiar names. While NFL draft pick Andrew Billings was destined to leave early, others like Jarrett Stidham, KD Cannon and Ish Zamora could still be on the roster. Eight more recruits in the class of 2016 were released from their national letters following the firing of Briles.
Rhule and his staff responded by bringing in 31 new players this year, including 27 freshmen.
Then came the injuries with 21 different players missing games with the secondary among the areas being hit hard early in the season.
A number of key players have suffered long-term injuries. Big-play receiver Chris Platt and punter Drew Galitz suffered freakish season-ending knee injuries in consecutive weeks. All-Big 12 defensive lineman K.J. Smith has missed four straight games with a lower leg injury. Running back Terence Williams (shoulder), a 1,000-yard rusher last season, missed the first three games as did defensive back Grayland Arnold (arm).
Notable
A shoulder injury to Shane Buechele paved the way for Sam Ehlinger's first college start. Could Buechele's sprained ankle put Ehlinger back in the lineup Saturday for Kansas State? Citing a source, 247Sports reported that Ehlinger was to be "the primary quarterback." One possible factor: center Zach Shackelford aggravated his ankle this week, adding to the offensive line woes. Ehlinger would bring more mobility.
Quotable
"You won't see me on a college sideline or a pro sideline. A lot of people act like they know, and there will be more than a few jobs out there. But that isn't at all what I'm looking to do."
-- Former Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops to the Atlanta Touchdown Club
Twitter: @ChuckCarltonDMN
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Sixth Form College, Solihull is celebrating BTEC success, with final grades demonstrating a record-breaking 350 starred grades.
There are 199 second year BTEC students, who have just finished their studies at the college.
They have been studying one of six BTEC Extended Diploma courses in art & design, applied sciences, business, health & social care, IT practitioners or sport.
BTEC Extended Diploma courses are equivalent to studying three A-levels and are graded distinction* (star), distinction, merit and pass grades.
And 73 per cent of Solihull students across all six courses achieved at least one distinction* grade and 48 per cent the top triple distinction* grade.
One of the most successful BTEC courses at the college this year was BTEC Health & Social Care.
Every student on this course has achieved at least a triple distinction, with 96 per cent getting at least one distinction* grade and three quarters of the year group getting the very top mark.
Amaarah Hansa, 18, from Sparkhill, was one of the top achievers and her success has earned her a place on the adult nursing course at Birmingham City University.
Fellow student Ellie Roberts, 18, from Stetchford, also got the top grade and is using her success to progress to Birmingham City University, in her case to study midwifery.
The BTEC Sport course has also had a great year, with 64 per cent of students achieving a triple distinction* grade.
Gemma Queenborough, 19, from Shirley, also achieved College Colours by demonstrating teamwork, leadership, social responsibility and by completing a challenge. She plans to use her success to work in the field of coaching disability sports.
In BTEC Art & Design, 24 students gained high grades (DMM or higher) and 11 students achieved a triple distinction* grade.
This is the second consecutive year BTEC students have achieved 100 per cent high grades.
Eighteen students are continuing onto degree courses nationally.
Numaan Farooq, also 18, from Birmingham, a former Ninestiles Academy student, is one of 11 students with the top grade and he is progressing on to Birmingham City University to study BA (Hons) Fashion Design.
He also impressed the judges in the Arden Decorative & Fine Arts Society awards this year.
Numaan won first prize for the three fashion garments he created, along with a fashion video.
Both the BTEC Applied Science and BTEC Business courses saw 41 per cent of students achieving the very top grade, with 85 per cent of applied science students getting at least one distinction* grade and the same percentage getting at least one distinction in business.
In applied science, Waqar Dad, 18, from Washwood Heath, was one of 19 students to achieve a triple distinction* grade. He will progress to Aston University to study health care in the autumn.
In business, Zair Afzal, aged 19, from Hall Green, is one of the high achieving students with top marks in his course.
He also won this year's Dragon's Den competition at the college and is progressing to the University of Nottingham.
In the BTEC IT Practitioners course, every student passed and 82 per cent got at least one distinction grade.
Thomas Walsh, 17, from Solihull, is using his top grade to progress onto Coventry University to study Games Technology.
College principal Martin Sullivan said: “These are terrific results and I'm proud of both the students and their teachers for achieving so highly.
"These courses are assessed by coursework and lots of it, so they have really had to work hard to achieve these grades.
“It sets them up well for whatever challenges they have ahead, with the majority of them heading off to university. I wish them all the very best of luck!
“These results are a great starting point and I hope to see this success replicated at A-level.
“Those results will be announced nationwide on 17 August and we have our fingers crossed that all the hard work of the last two years will be rewarded.”
Time to plan your future
School is out and many young people are now awaiting their exam results, some with confidence, others with trepidation.
However, no matter what outcomes are expected, now is the time to consider your options and start to make plans for the future.
This period is just as important for parents. As a parent or carer there is plenty you can do to support your child and help them to make successful career choices.
It is important to be aware of your influence and to make that influence as positive as possible.
Your child will have decisions to make at different stages, so it's worth raising the subject of careers from time to time over a period of years.
Get them to chat about the jobs they see other people doing. This could be someone they know or admire.
It could be people they pass on the street, see on television, or in magazines.
You could also discuss types of jobs that might be relevant to their interests, skills or aspirations.
The most valuable things parents can do to help their child with career planning are:
* Listen, don't judge.
* Be open to ideas and encourage them to explore all their options.
* Keep in mind that your child's choices and decisions should be based on their aspirations and abilities and not on what you think they should do.
* Remember not everyone has a clear idea what they want to do so your child's career ideas may change as they get older.
* Once your child has some ideas about what they would like to do, encourage them to look into what they need to do to get there.
Toreto, a noteworthy leader in the innovative and portable technology, has today launched a very stylish, flexible, water resistant Bluetooth Earphone, “TBE-804 Blare”.
You cannot imagine going for a run or gyming without music? Is it a long way to work? Then, don't worry as Toreto's TBE-804 Blare Bluetooth Earphone will come handy to you. You can now play music for 8 hours straight and have a talk time up to 10 hours.
The stunning noise reduction capacity and isolating features make it worth every penny. You will get nothing but absolute crystal clear, powerful sound with really strong bass. Forget unnecessary buzzing and humming noise and experience crisp HD sound quality with Blare.
Its Bluetooth version V4.0 is energy efficient, signal stable and optimized for longer battery life. The Bluetooth 4.0 is meant for fitness and health. So whether you're on a run or taking serious fitness training, these earphones will be your ultimate energy booster.
The Bluetooth supports every Bluetooth enabled mobile phones, speakers, PCs and other devices. With an amazing 160 mAh battery life, you can totally rely on it when you're outside with only 2 and half hours of charging. This Bluetooth earphone works phenomenally well even at a range of 33 feet or 10 meters.
Smart features carved on the flexi band of the earphone; just make your life easier in managing multiple tasks at a time whether it is to answer or end calls, skip tracks and using in-line microphone.
On top of everything, the comfortable silicon ear tips will make your hearing experience just perfect. Its sleek design with rubber finish adjusts around your neck just right enabling zero hassle in handling the earphones.
The handy device is a delight for sports enthusiasts, for outdoor activities, jogging and even a walk in the rain. Its flexibility and water resistant features will rejuvenate the fun activities you wished for. Come monsoon, you will rekindle your music experience with Toreto – TBE-804 Blare Bluetooth Earphone.
Salient Features:
• Bluetooth version – V 4.0
• Supported Devices – Bluetooth mobile phones, Bluetooth speakers and other Bluetooth devices.
• Maximum work range : 33 feet (10 mtrs)
• Talk time : 10 hours
• Music play : 8 hours
• Charging time : 2.5 hours
• Charging voltage : DC 5V
• Work voltage : DC 5V
• Battery Capacity : 160 mAh
• Frequency response : 2.402GHz- 2.480GHz
Pricing and Availability:
TBE-804 Blare Bluetooth Earphone is available at all leading e-commerce platforms at a very affordable price of INR 2499/- .
4:47 Pro wrestling icon Ric Flair, on wrestling and baseball at Marlins Park Pause
2:01 What does ‘home' mean in Arroyo Grande? AGHS grads' play tells the story
1:56 How Peoples' Self-Help Housing and 'sweat equity' helped this mother of 2 build and own her own home
1:48 Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
0:25 Watch this mountain lion casually cross the Foresthill Bridge
0:14 Man caught on camera prowling outside San Luis Obispo home
1:59 Trump calls out KKK, neo-Nazis in condemning Charlottesville violence
0:57 Robocall for Yes on B-17, SLO's 'nondiscrimination in housing' measure
1:00 Best friends Smoke and Ash were rescued from the Hill Fire, and now they need a home
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Waitrose has launched an investigation in one of its stores - after a photograph surfaced purporting to show a Valentine's Day promotion with wine, roses, chocolate, condoms and lube.
The photograph in one of their high-end stores shows the Waitrose box filled with red roses, red bubbly, red chocolates and packs of red Durex condoms, Mirror Online reports.
The sea of red items is only broken up by the blue bottles of sexual lubricant positioned at the front of the display.
The snap, thought to have been taken recently in Littlehampton, West Sussex, shows the various items positioned in a wooden container with the green 'Waitrose' logo on the front.
However, the marked price appears to be very low at just £10 - or two for £14 - despite including two bottles of wine, flowers, eight packets of condoms and eight lubricant containers.
The display appears to be at the end of the shop's checkouts and contains eight bottles of lube, eight packs of condoms and as well as the roses, alcohol and chocolates.
The snap sparked a flurry of witty responses from amused Facebook users and has already gained 540 likes and a further 55 shares.
Dougie Munro commented: "I can vouch for all of those products. Admittedly I am spending Valentine's Day sitting alone in my pants."
Matt Fallon wrote: "This looks like one of those 'like and share to be in with a chance of winning' pictures."
Whilst Matthew Mehen added: "Just replace the rose with a cucumber if you're single."
A Waitrose spokeswoman said: "We're looking into this as it isn't one of our standard Valentine's Day displays."
Ask why the guys are making more than the women in professional tennis and prepare for a deluge of BS. “The men are more exciting to watch.” “The men have...
Parody/spoof movies are not seen quite often in South Indian cinema as it would offend either the celebrities or fans of star actors. While most of the makers do not wish to take the risky gamble, one movie emerged successful by breaking all the myths associated with the parody movies. Tamizh Padam, a 2010 blockbuster, made way for new style of movie making in Tamil, as the movie mocked at almost all stars of K-town but in an artistic manner.
Tamizh Padam won over the audience and critics and the same was later remade in Telugu as Sudigaadu. Fans of Kollywood were excited over the weekend as the sequel to one of the most entertaining movies of Tamil cinema was launched. Actor Sidharth too was proactive in the process of launching the movie and there were quite a few tweet exchanges between the producer and the actor.
The information poster of the movie was released in social media which made the fans and celebrities' jaw drop and speak about the same for the next couple of days. The poster carried out the release date of the movie in theatres as 25th May 2018 and also the release date of the movie in Tamil Rockers website as 26th May 2018. This was indeed surprising as piracy is generally seen as a threat by the industry. It now seems that piracy has grown its roots and seems to be unavoidable.
The first look poster of Tamizh Padam 2.0 was also released over the weekend where the leading star of the movie, Agila Ulaga Superstar Mirchi Shiva, will be seen in white 'veshti' and shirt meditating on the ground. This is a clear imitation of a popular Tamil Nadu politician and the first look poster just went viral within few seconds. This shows that the movie will have political inclinations and sequences mocking the recent political developments in the state.
Rumours are ripe that the combo of Vikram Vedha, Madhavan and Vijay Sethupathi would be reprising the same roles in Tamizh Padam 2.0 but as cameos.
The movie features Mirchi Shiva and Ishwarya Menon in the lead roles while the same is directed by CS Amudan. The project will be bankrolled by Sashikanth Shivaji, who is also the producer of Tamizh Padam.
Epic Games has been trolling Fortnite players for nearly a month with this comet business. In case you are not up to speed on the event, let me recap what has been throwing players into a tizzy.
Back on April 2, we reported that many Fortnite players had noticed a glowing object in the sky. It stood out from the rest of the stars because it had a tail like a comet and was much brighter.
Over the course of several days, the comet was seen growing larger and more luminous. Players speculated that the comet was going to strike the map. The prevailing theory is that the comet is on a collision course with the Tilted Towers area and that the impact will fundamentally change the Fortnite world going into next season, which starts May 1.
Developers have remained silent regarding the object but have continued to troll players with related content added silently to subsequent updates. For example, about a week ago Kotaku reported that a major meteor shower was occurring, as if the Fortnite world was passing through the comet's tail. This unannounced event led many players to believe with certainty the comet was going to impact on that day, but it didn't.
Which brings us to the latest update. Fortnite version 3.6 patch notes mention two main additions — the Noble Launcher (an electricity-based gun) and the Clinger (a grenade attached to a toilet plunger that sticks to enemies). The update also details a few other tweaks and bug fixes.
What the notes don't mention is a change found in Twisted Towers. Kotaku reports that players dropping into TT may encounter an area on top of one of the buildings where it appears that people have been hanging out, but not just regular people.
Among the trash strewn about one will find indications that those hanging out on the roof were watching and waiting for the comet to land and take them out. There are three picket signs of note among the debris. One has a depiction of Twisted Towers surrounded by a heart, and another has a hand-drawn speeding comet.
Funniest of all is the third sign that says “Today” in big bold letters but is crossed out with “Tomorrow” written beneath it. Clearly, the devs are making fun of the players who were insisting that the comet was going to strike on the day of the meteor shower.
In fact, the whole rooftop tells the story of a doomsday cult that sat up on the roof at ground zero waiting for the comet to strike them. When it didn't come the day of the meteors, someone changed the “Today” sign, and they sat for another day. When nothing ultimately happened, the cult just got up and went home disappointed, leaving their trash behind them.
I find it truly funny that Epic has been able to whip players into such a frenzy that it has them creating conspiracy theories. It is even funnier that the developers are playing off this fervor adding subtle little jabs at all “the-end-is-nigh” players.
We still have about a week before season's end, and there is one more patch scheduled before then. I wonder how the devs plan to further troll the players before finally ending it all. Or maybe the next patch spells doomsday for real. We'll just have to wait and see.
One has to be very immaculate in their dealings while selling or buying properties. There are many formalities to complete. The title of the property is an important factor. The value of the property is another. One should be certain that he is paying the right price for the property. There are various factors that govern the cost of a property. The acquisition cost is an important concept. At the same time, the present owner might have created additions and renovations. It is logical to include these aspects as well. There is a concept of the market value. The CMA report highlights all these aspects in detail.
The CMA report also includes the details of properties in the neighborhood that are similar in structure and area. This enables the seller and the buyer to arrive at an acceptable figure. The services of Roseville Remax Realtor come in handy during such moments. He is the right person to approach for help under such circumstances.
Another important point to note is that the house you wish to buy is free from encumbrances. Having a preliminary report ordered to make sure there are no unexpected liens on a property is very important. As a seller, you don't want to get into a sales contract and not able to perform. That's high probability of a lawsuit.
The utilities are also very important factors. There should not be any kind of default in payment of utility bills such as power, water, sewage, and so on. The taxes are also an important factor. The buyer should ensure that the seller clears all the dues before entering into the deal. The Roseville Remax Realtor can help you take care of such important matters.
Many factors can affect the price of the house you wish to buy or sell as the case may be. The proximity to facilities such as railway stations, bus stations, airports and supermarkets can have a say in the pricing of your house. The more the number of essential facilities available, the more is the price of the home. Visit http://www.realestate-roseville.com/
Contact:
Re/Max Gold – Chad Phillips
2998 Douglas blvd #125
Roseville,
CA.
95661
United States
Phone – 916-390-1476
Fax – 916-218-7510
chad.remaxgold@gmail.com
The New York Times in an article this week explores "the sharp cultural divisions between the valley and more coastal regions" and how that split is affecting Democrats' efforts to defeat Republican congressmen in several targeted House seats.
Echoing a common complaint of Central Valley residents, the article quotes a Hanford-area resident who laments that "politicians in the rest of the state do not fully understand what rural life is like."
"I don't think they get us and I don't think they consider us very much. They're always worried about everyone else," she said.
That's one of the issues that The Sacramento Bee editorial board asked about in its endorsement interviews with the major gubernatorial candidates. Here's what they had to say about California's coastal-inland divide and how they would address it.
SIGN UP
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Scotland skipper Greig Laidlaw has been ruled out for the rest of the Six Nations, the Scottish Rugby Union have announced.
The Gloucester scrum-half suffered an ankle injury just before half-time as the Dark Blues lost 22-16 to France in Paris on Saturday.
He left the Stade de France on crutches and was sent back to the Kingsholm Stadium on Monday to be assessed by his club medics.
But Scots head coach Vern Cotter has now been given the bad news that Laidlaw will miss the remainder of the tournament.
It is a considerable blow for a side who have come to rely on Laidlaw, not only for his leadership skills but also his goal-kicking abilities. Ali Price took over at nine at the weekend and looks likely to keep the jersey when Scotland welcome Wales to Murrayfield next Saturday.
However, Cotter must now decide who will take over the capitaincy duties.
Flanker John Barclay took over the armband when Laidlaw limped off against Les Bleus, but was soon himself replaced after suffering a head knock.
Jonny Gray became the Scots' third skipper of the day when Barclay was replaced and has long been tipped as a future national team captain.
A statement from the SRU said: “A scan undertaken at his club, Gloucester, confirmed the clinical suspicion that the 58-times capped scrum-half sustained ligament damage midway through the first half.
“The extent of the damage is such that he will take no further part in the current championship.
“Laidlaw will see a specialist later in the week to determine the best course of management and estimated time out of the sport.”
A woman has died in south London in a hit-and-run involving a number of vehicles after she was struck by two trucks and two cars.
The victim, thought to be in her late 20s or early 30s, was initially hit by a HGV as the crossed Norwood Road in Tulse Hill on a pedestrian crossing, but the driver failed to stop, the Daily Mail reports.
Three other drivers - two cars and one lorry - subsequently hit her, but none of them stopped at the scene this morning.
Police were called by the London Ambulance Service at 6.48am to reports of a woman injured after a road traffic collision.
Advertisement
Paramedics treated her at the scene, but she sadly died at 7.21am.
Acting Detective Sergeant Alastair Middleton, said: "I am appealing for anyone who witnessed the collision and the moments afterwards to contact us.
"I would also urge the drivers of all four vehicles to come forward and speak with my team."
Formal identification is yet to take place and enquiries to trace next of kin are ongoing.
A post-mortem examination will be held in due to course and detectives from the Met's Roads and Transport Policing Command are investigating.
A Metropolitan Police spokesman said: "Officers have established that the woman was struck by an HGV as she crossed the road at a pedestrian crossing.
"The driver failed to stop at the scene.
"Officers believe that the woman was subsequently struck by a second lorry and two cars - none of these drivers stopped."
As I'm sure you have noticed, monumental change is taking place throughout the world. Catalytic shifts caused by fires, floods and earthquakes, and wars, economic stress and political stalemates are interrupting lives that once thrived on simplicity and stability.
Swift changes from out of the blue that turn your world upside down in a heartbeat and changes that are defined by a torturous slowness are taking place — changes that often are unpredictable and feel unstoppable.
A mom might say it looks and feels like we're in the process of labor. One baby takes two hours to be born and another baby takes two days, but the outcome is that your life is changed forever.
Worldwide painful labor is taking place at the level of individuals, cities, states and countries. To witness or be a part of this collective change through disaster or tragedy can be absolutely devastating. Lives are often lost, maimed and shattered.
This is the time when people declare it's the end of the world. Wrong. It's the possibility of a new world — an opportunity for each person to move in a new direction, to draw a line in the sand and stand on the side of positive change.
A time of collective and individual transformation. It's a time of hope for a weary world. But there are no guarantees of a new, shiny world. When opportunity presents itself, it's up to us to be prepared and ready to meet it. As with the birth of a child, you can be a responsible parent or irresponsible. The choice is yours.
So why in the world is so much change taking place?
It's taking place because the collective consciousness is dictating it. An example: On Nov. 9, 1989, the Berlin Wall, the border separating Western from Eastern Germany, came down. A symbol of the Cold War, it could no longer stand when enough people became unified in thought.
To unify is to become one — single-minded. At a group level, when enough people have the same intent and share the same desire, collectively they become quite powerful. Presently within the Middle East you can literally watch country by country how the collective is redefining people's lives.
During this time of personal and collective transition, emotional contagion can run out-of-control like an uncontainable wildfire. Passions spike high creating deep divides. “I'm right, you're wrong,” paves a solitary one-way path to nowhere.
The world is being turned inside out, and what was once cleverly hidden is being exposed. Greed, selfishness, dishonesty, abuse — the many forms of dysfunction revealed. We're cleaning up our acts. We're moving away from outdated methods, modalities and moralities into a period of innovation and inspiration. Competitiveness is giving way to cooperation. The status quo is shifting, changing.
The industrial age is fading and a new era of connectivity is here. Through technology our lives are intertwined as never before. It's no longer about me or you, it's about us. It's about the collective, the average ordinary person connected with millions of others, deciding that they want a better world. They want it so much that many are willing to die for it.
Change is never easy. Ralph Waldo Emerson said in 1841, “Nothing is secure but life, transition, the energizing spirit. People wish to be settled; only as far as they are unsettled is there any hope for them.”
What is needed now is the willingness to change. Those who resist change will struggle the most. Those who embrace it will be uplifted and energized. It's an exciting time to be alive, to be part of worldwide change that is giving us the opportunity to shift humanity into a higher gear.
Stay tuned for next week's column on how to use the universe to mop up our messes.
— Susan Ann Darley is a creativity coach and writer who works with artists, creatives and entrepreneurs to discover, use and market their talents. She offers a free 30-minute coaching session. Follow her on Twitter: @Coach7700. For more information, click here, e-mail her at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or call 805.845.3036.
BEIRUT (AP) — Syrian President Bashar Assad is threatening to attack a region held by U.S.-backed Kurdish fighters in northeastern Syria if talks fail to bring the area back under Damascus' authority.
Assad said in an interview with Russia Today television which aired on Thursday that the U.S. troops, who operate air bases and outposts in the Kurdish-administered region, will have to leave country.
He says he has opened the door to negotiations with the Kurdish-run administration while also preparing to "liberate by force."
Forces loyal to Assad, who is backed by Russia and Iran, and the Syrian Kurds have clashed sporadically over the eastern oil province of Deir el-Zour. They led rival fronts against Islamic State militants last year, and they maintain a protracted front against each other along the Euphrates River.
Germany's foreign intelligence agency, the BND, usually operates abroad in the shadows – but on Wednesday it found its practices in the dock in Leipzig.
The operator of the world's largest internet hub has gone to court, claiming BND taps on cables in its Frankfurt data centre are illegal because they also capture German domestic communications.
“We have grave doubts about the legality of the current practice,” said the German Commercial Internet Exchange (De-Cix) in a statement on Wednesday.
“We consider ourselves under obligation to our customers to work towards a situation in which strategic surveillance of their telecommunications only takes place in a legal manner.”
De-Cix says its Frankfurt exchange is the world's largest, bringing together 1,200 communication lines from around the world: China, Russia, the Middle East and Africa. At peak times the facility – spread across 19 data centres – reportedly consumes more electricity than Frankfurt airport and handles more than 6 terabits of data per second.
At crucial points, however, the BND has inserted so-called “prism” devices into the fibre-optic cables, diverting a copy of all data to BND servers.
Company lawyer Sven-Erik Heun accused the BND, and the federal interior ministry that oversees its work, of “choosing the biggest pond to go fishing in”.
De-Cix management said its lawsuit, at Germany's highest administrative court, is about seeking “judicial clarification and…legal certainty for our customers and our company”.
‘Accomplice'
A member of the company management board, Klaus Landefeld, is more outspoken, telling the Süddeutsche Zeitung daily that the firm did not want to be an “accomplice” to mass BND surveillance.
De-Cix – a consortium with members that include Deutsche Telekom, the former German state telecoms company, Google and Ebay – says it feels bound by article 10 of the German post-war constitution guaranteeing the privacy of communications.
German wiretap laws allow the BND to capture foreign communications passing through German territory. In the 1990s, however, Germany's constitutional court outlawed widespread data dragnets, obliging the BND to capture data in a targeted way – and no more than 20 per cent of total traffic.
In addition, BND is forbidding from intercepting German citizens' communications. Yet the prism technology, said to be in use in the Frankfurt data centre since 2009, copies everything, and is unable to separate foreign and domestic communications. The BND says it uses data filters for this, but there is no independent confirmation that this is the case.
The German agency is not alone in such practices, with whistleblower Edward Snowden revealing widespread communications tapping both by US and UK intelligence services.
Major junctions
Having one of the internet's major junctions on its territory has made life easy for Germany's BND. And a former intelligence chief has warned that without telecommunication surveillance in Frankfurt and elsewhere the BND could “close up shop”.
Yet Germany's history of two 20th century dictatorships has left mass surveillance a sensitive issue, particularly after the Snowden revelations. That the BND is sucking up the world's communications – and possibly sharing them with partner agencies including the BND in the US – has seen the opposition Green Party lead calls for more moderate data surveillance.
To get the best employees for your company is not an easy task. Today it's very challenging to find the talent who can become a part of your staff and will do the job as required. The bright future of your company mostly depends on your team. The stronger staff you have, the more benefits you will get. Whether your needs are with Finance, Engineering, Project Management or IT, you should have the right specialists that will keep your business running efficiently. The expertise you are looking for can be easily found if you deal with an experienced recruiting agency. As such, you are always welcome to Skiltrek, where everything will be handled smoothly. This is a Staffing Agency Austin TX that exists in the industry for more than 20 years. Through these years, it has gained experience to bring the most perfect results.
Each field of business requires the best professional. Nowadays, Information Technology plays a crucial role and you can hardly find any company that doesn't need a perfect developer. All businesses depend on programmers and IT staff, so Skiltrek is always on the job to find the best IT specialists that will help you achieve your IT goals. Whether you need a specialist of C++, JAVA, Cisco, Oracle, Cybersecurity and more, this staffing agency will find the top talent of this field. It is also a great challenge to fill the positions of engineering jobs. Getting the most qualified engineers can seem to be a daunting task. No matter how skillful your human resources department is, it will be a great challenge for your team. So in order to avoid this tiring procedure, you can just contact Staffing Agency Austin TX and it will provide Design, Mechanical, Civil, Environmental and Nuclear engineers without any difficulty. It's because this company has the needed resources and tools no matter how challenging your requirements are. Another great problem can be filling the financial positions of your company. When it comes to choosing the employees who are responsible for your company's cash flow, everything becomes even more difficult. The person you will hire should be not only an accountant, but also a great thinker, analyst and audit manager. So Skiltrek assures that it will bring the best specialists of the field within a very short period of time.
Skiltrek will also help you to provide you with the Best IT Salary Guide. While hiring people you may not know how much salary you should give them. This staffing agency knows all the details of each job and can help you get the most beneficial deals. Skiltrek will provide you with the Best IT Salary Guide and you will have exact knowledge of how much you should pay for the services your employee handles. Skiltrek never stops developing its own offers. Never hesitate to contact this agency and become sure of the highest quality of this company. The difference will be undoubtedly evident and you will see what a professional recruiting agency can do!
FLINT, Mich. – A Mid-Michigan man said it was the “best mistake I've ever made,” and it led to him winning $100,000.
According to WNEM, the Tuscola County man, who has chosen to remain anonymous, matched the Fantasy 5 numbers drawn Thursday to win the Fantasy 5 jackpot.
He bought his winning ticket at Worth's Party Store, located at 4730 East Main Street in Millington.
“I usually play 04-14-28-30-31, but I accidentally picked 29 instead of 28,” said the player. “Rather than starting over with a new slip, I just decided to go ahead and play those numbers and I'm so glad I did.
The lucky player claimed his prize Tuesday.
“Winning the jackpot was all because of a simple mistake, but it's definitely the best mistake I've ever made.”
He said he plans to use the money to pay down his mortgage.
“I can't tell you how it feels to win the jackpot. It's a once-in-a-lifetime kind of thing,” the player said.
NORTH MIAMI, Fla. - North Miami police are asking for the public's help identifying a shooter.
The victim and alleged shooter were involved in an argument in front of Deseos' Restaurant in the 1500 block of Northwest 119th Street at around 7:30 a.m. Saturday.
Police said that during the argument the shooter shot at the victim, striking him twice.
The shooter then fled in a dark-colored Honda Element (pictured), police said.
The shooter is described by police as a medium-skinned Hispanic male who is about 5 feet 7 inches tall, weighs about 140 pounds and wore a blue baseball cap with a red bill.
Anyone with information is asked to call the North Miami Police Department at 305-891-8111 or Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS (8477). Police said tipsters could receive a reward of up to $1,000.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
4-H is growing the next generation of leaders today. After an application and interview process, three members have been selected to be this year's ambassadors for Fallon County. Sophomores, Mattie Mastel and Jolyn Rost, and senior Bo Rost will serve their ambassadorship from October 1 of this year through September 30, 2018.
By Angel Wyrwas
4-H is growing the next generation of leaders today. After an application and interview process, three members have been selected to be this year's ambassadors for Fallon County. Sophomores, Mattie Mastel and Jolyn Rost, and senior Bo Rost will serve their ambassadorship from October 1 of this year through September 30, 2018.
Ambassadors are youth that are engaged in leadership, service and promotion of the Montana 4-H program. A 4-H Ambassador is a self-motivated, enthusiastic leader who promotes 4-H using the skill, knowledge and leadership abilities acquired in 4-H with fellow members, area residents, community leaders, elected officials and non 4-H youth. An Ambassador serves to strengthen the 4-H program through public relations.
Mattie has participated in 4-H for seven years. She does Market Rabbit and Leadership in 4-H. Mattie also participates in Montana High School Rodeo and FFA.
Jolyn has been a member of 4-H for eight years. She is involved in Market Steer, Sheep Goat, Swine, and Poultry. Jolyn does Breed Goat and Sheep as well. She also participates in Air Rifle and Pistol. Jolyn is a member of Speech and Drama and FFA.
Bo has participated in 4-H for ten years. He does Market Steer, Goat and Poultry as well as Breeding Goat. Bo also participates in Pocket Pets, Leadership, Arts and Crafts and Air Rifle. He is also involved in Speech and Drama and FFA.
“I like being there to help others,” said Mattie. “I want to be a true leader. 4-H lets me do things I love like working with animals.”
“It's our job to help younger members become leaders,” said Bo. “4-H has taught me how to keep very detailed records. They must be accurate. I've also learned financial and social skills.”
“4-H takes a lot of dedication but it is also a lot of fun,” said Jolyn. “It teaches responsibility and gave me the opportunity to learn new things. There are so many different categories to choose. You don't have to be a farmer or rancher to belong to 4-H.”
If you would like more information on how to become a 4-H member or leader, please contact the MSU Extension Fallon-Carter Counties Office at 406-778-7110.
A prostate cancer patient received triple his prescribed dose of radiation, in a mistake that's being blamed on stressed and overworked medical staff.
The patient, known only as Mr A, was first diagnosed with prostate cancer in 1999.
He was treated with surgery at the time, but in 2014 the cancer returned with several tumours discovered in his bones and spine.
A doctor at Auckland Radiation Oncology Limited (ARO) prescribed palliative treatment, with a maximum radiation dosage of 32 Gray.
Advertisement
But while various staff checked the treatment plan and its delivery, nobody realised the wedge monitor unit which decreased the radiation doses had been removed.
The mistake meant Mr A received a triple dose of the maximum radiation, of 93.4 Gray.
A report into the incident by the Health and Disability Commissioner said it wasn't clear whether the mistake happened as a result of human or technical error.
But after the mistake was discovered, ARO started its own investigation that found a stressful working environment was the root cause of the incident.
It recorded that staff had higher than usual levels of overtime, and that senior planner staff levels were inconsistent.
After the mistakes in his treatment, a wound developed on Mr A's back. He needed continuous dressings on it, which his wife usually provided.
He was also unable to drive, or walk upstairs.
Mr A died at home in 2017, but the Commissioner's report notes that it didn't investigate his cause of death, only the quality of care he received.
The Commissioner has found ARO breached the Code of Health and Disability Services Consumers' Rights, by not providing services with reasonable care and skill.
ARO has since made a number of changes to avoid a repeat incident, including a pre-treatment check of all parameters on the first day of a patient's treatment.
An electronic programme for second checking has also been introduced, to eliminate human error in treatment.
The Commissioner has recommended ARO send a written apology to Mr A's family for breaching the code.
It's also recommended anonymised details of the incident are shared with other radiation oncology departments throughout New Zealand to ensure there are proper policies in place to stop it happening elsewhere.
By Jake Beleski, Beckie Wilson - Wairarapa Times-Age
A fisherman swept out to sea near Lake Ferry this afternoon is believed to be a father of four.
The Filipino man was fishing at the mouth of Lake Onoke when he was swept out to sea around 2.30pm.
A man at the beach said he had spoken to the twin brother of the victim.
"The twin brother said he was on the other side of the mouth opening.
"He had told him not to go over there but he said he was really stubborn."
The man, who is from Ashurst, could not believe there were no warning signs in place at the notoriously dangerous spot.
"I would never have gone fishing at that spot," he said.
"I always tell my son never to turn your back on the sea."
Another man who has a bach opposite the Lake Ferry Holiday Park, who wished to remain anonymous, said the fire service had asked him to use his jet boat in the search, however the swells were too big.
"They told me a few guys were digging the channel with some shovels and where they were standing, it broke away and they fell in.
"They picked the worst time [of day] because of the southerly, and the lake has been closed for the past four days because of the sand build-up at the mouth of the lake."
Continued below.
Related Content Man swept out to sea in Wairarapa Watch NZH Local Focus: How to make a cricket bat Cartoon: Govt: Housing enquiry? Ask council
He said people did not realise how strong the tide could be, and that the swells were extremely large.
An employee from the Lake Ferry Holiday park said locals had joined in the search.
"There are at least three helicopters, a couple of police cars and an ambulance.
"Some locals have also taken their boats out."
Other locals did their best to help by riding quad bikes up and down the beach in the hope of spotting the man.
The air and water search was suspended just before 7pm and is expected to resume early in the morning.
The holiday park employee said such incidents were rare.
"It doesn't happen that often at all - the majority of people that come out are usually pretty wary of the water and understand how dangerous it is."
In August 2015 Les Wong, 71, died after being hit by a series of 3m-high waves that knocked him over as he was scooping for whitebait at the mouth of the lake.
He was wearing a life but could not be revived after being rescued.
Last year Coroner Christopher Devonport found problems with the rescue gear, the wearing of waders and possible impairment by a lifejacket as being contributing factors in the Greytown man's death.
Progress, the leading provider of application development and deployment technologies, today announced the availability of Progress® Health Cloud, the first and only enterprise health cloud that fully integrates industry leading frontend, backend and data connectivity technologies into a serverless and HIPAA-compliant platform for quickly creating apps to drive patient engagement and better healthcare outcomes.
Today, the healthcare industry rates among the lowest of all industries in customer experience scores, according to the Temkin Group[1]. With the advancements in digital business, healthcare providers, insurance payers, pharmaceutical companies and medical device companies need to act like other consumer-facing businesses, delivering high quality, engaging digital experiences that will improve patient care and drive better healthcare outcomes.
Progress Health Cloud enables healthcare organizations to quickly deliver winning patient and connected care applications to any device, by offering tools to easily build engaging experiences across any and all interface types. Progress Health Cloud comes equipped with pre-packaged healthcare application templates, a flexible, scalable and HIPAA compliant serverless cloud platform and pre-packaged integrations with EHRs and other healthcare data sources.
With Progress Health Cloud, healthcare organizations are now in a position to deliver unified digital health experiences in the form of mobile, tablet, wearable, web and chat bot applications. Moreover, they can deliver 5-star app experiences, get to market 75% faster with new applications, cut EHR integration time in half, lower total cost of ownership for applications by 60% and save tens of thousands of dollars per year in compliance costs.
Progress Health Cloud is built on the Progress Kinvey™ serverless cloud platform and includes NativeScript components for easily building cross-platform native mobile experiences with a single codebase. Kinvey was named a Leader with the highest score for current offering among all vendors in the “Forrester Wave™: Enterprise Health Clouds, Q3 2017.”
“When we set out to create the digital experience for our members, we knew it had to be incredibly engaging, easy to use and seamless across mobile and web experiences – and it had to support our need to get to market quickly, which is why we selected Kinvey,” said Pam Hudson, CIO, BayHealth Development. “With the release of Progress Health Cloud, Progress has taken the best of the Kinvey platform and layered it with the healthcare-specific expertise required for our industry. It is by far the most robust, relevant offering available today.”
Features of Progress Health Cloud include:
Digital experience accelerators—Patient experience app templates for popular use cases and SDKs to quickly deliver successful mobile, tablet, web, wearable, voice and chat bot apps.
Cloud service accelerators—20+ integrated, configurable and compliant serverless cloud services, accessible via auto-generated REST APIs, eliminating integration development, testing, infrastructure and operation costs.
Health service catalog—Secure, easy access to health services catalog with a multitude of connectors to popular EHR, enterprise and cloud systems with sub-second data delivery and online/offline user access.
Out-of-the box HIPAA compliance, offering enormous time and cost savings.
“Patient experience and healthcare outcomes are the top priorities for healthcare organizations today,” said Yogesh Gupta, CEO, Progress. “With Progress Health Cloud, we are offering something truly unique to the market that is enabling our customers to deliver the best application experiences with a fraction of the time and effort of other solutions.”
For more information on Progress Health Cloud, please click here.
The Minister of Finance designate, Jacob Jusu Saffa is at an advanced stage of successfully negotiating an economic recovery program for Sierra Leone as a major step towards unlocking donor support to the country.
Speaking with the leadership teams of the IMF African Division and African Development Bank, DFID among other donors during the joint World Bank/ IMF Spring meeting in Washington DC last week, Mr. Saffa told experts that it was clear that the Ernest Bai Koroma government left behind a battered economy which requires what he termed as “bull dozer actions and hard policy choices” to pull it out.
The Finance Minister designate told a team of experts that government is confronted with huge macroeconomic imbalances ranging from high inflation, high debt burden, low reserves, wide external balances of payments account, huge arrears owed to contractors, huge wage bill and unregulated conditions of service for selected cronies of the former President.
He said the recovery program was key to stabilizing the economy and will mark the return of major donors to the country.
Mr. Saffa and team which included the Financial Secretary, Sahr Jusu and a member of the government Transition Team, Dr. Alie Kabba returned home yesterday.
WILMINGTON, NC (WWAY) – 16 lucky couples were able to tie the knot for free in Downtown Wilmington today, thanks to an event called “Love is in the Air.”
The event, sponsored by the New Hanover County Register of Deeds, gifted couples with a free officiant, photographer, flowers, and cake.
Registrar Tammy Beasley said that the event, sponsored by community donations, was a way to help young couples just starting out.
“With today's economy and everything being so expensive, this is just a wonderful way to give back, and what they would spend on a wedding, they can spend on something else, something more important,” she said.
Brides and grooms expressed joy and gratitude for the event.
“We got engaged on Valentine's Day, and it's just perfect that we could get married on Valentine's Day,” said bride Amanda Frazier. “It was like it was fate.”
James and Jessica Carven also tied the knot at the event.
“It's very beautiful, and we are blessed that we got to do this today. They did a wonderful job,” said Jessica Carven.
Today marked the first time The New Hanover Register of Deeds Office has hosted the event, but it won't be the last—an Office spokesperson said that it plans to host the event again in July and December.
The events, when they happen, will be open to anyone with a recent marriage license.
A FEW years ago Anita and Terry McBride caught a glimpse of a property that prompted them to make some big changes.
When leaving Hobart to return to Queensland after a holiday, they picked up a Real Estate Guide and saw an advertisement for a church at Broadmarsh that had been renovated into a home.
They quickly made plans to return to the Apple Isle a few weeks later — and the rest is history.
Anita said they had “felt drawn to it”.
“It wanted some loving, and having built and renovated heaps of properties, we felt like we could finish it off and bring it back to life,” she said.
The McBride home is located at No.2 Grahams Creek Road, Broadmarsh.
Named St Augustine's, the sandstone church dates back to the 1840s.
It is positioned on a generous 8376sqm parcel of undulating pasture, providing a verdant rural outlook.
Anita said when they bought St Augustine's the previous owner had already completed a lot of the renovation work, such as installing the upstairs bedrooms and the kitchen, but there was plenty to sink their “reno” teeth into.
“We did a lot of finishing off, including the roof, and we pointed the sandstone, had new floor coverings installed, and we planted hundreds of trees,” she said.
“I think we will be sorry to go, but we need to ‘size down'. We are reluctant sellers as it has been a great place to live.
“It is a private and peaceful home with the most unbelievable views.”
With four bedrooms and two bathrooms, the property would be well suited to a family lifestyle.
Entering the church through the vestibule, original doors open into an expansive, light-filled open-plan living area.
A striking leadlight windows depicts Christ holding a lamb flanked by King David and King Solomon.
The bespoke blackwood kitchen looks like something from a glossy magazine, with plenty of bench space and quality appliances.
Upstairs, the generously proportioned master bedroom features a walk-in wardrobe and an ensuite.
There are two more double-sized bedrooms with built-ins, plus a modern bathroom with a spa on the upper level.
Two of the three bedrooms on this floor have internal balconies overlooking the main living area.
Quality fixtures and fittings have been used throughout the renovation, and no expense was spared with the installation of C-Bus, solar hot water and electric heating to ensure year-round comfort.
No. 2 Grahams Creek Road, Broadmarsh, is listed with Charlotte Peterswald for Property. It will be sold by expressions of interest over $550,000.
To view the home visit realestate.com.au ID: 128524242
LSoft Technologies is proud to announce the newest edition of is popular data recovery software Active@ Partition Recovery 17. Designed to help you recover lost, damaged or deleted hard drive partitions, this software presents a user-friendly solution along with a whole raft of many welcome improvements. You can recover files, folders and entire partitions from just about any writable digital storage device, including both internal and external drives. The latest version sports a refined user interface complete with a simple, step-by-step guide to help you recover your lost partitions quickly and easily.
What's New in Active@ Partition Recovery 17.0.1?
Keeping up with its commitment to constantly improve its industry-leading disk utilities, LSoft Technologies has introduced many tweaks, bug fixes and other important improvements with its latest offering. In particular, version 17 offers better support for the Microsoft ReFS file system, JFS and XFS. It also provides improved support for dynamic virtual volumes and Windows Storage Spaces. Furthermore, the file recovery component now supports several more file signatures, namely MDF and VHDX, which makes it easier to find recoverable files of those types without having to define custom file signatures using the provided scripting engine.
Active@ Partition Recovery 17 also ships with the latest versions of the associated software. The Professional and Ultimate packages come with the newest version of Active@ Disk Editor, while the Ultimate package has the latest version of Active@ LiveCD (now KDE5-based), Active@ Boot Disk (now WinPe 10 x64-based) and Active@ File Recovery. Visit http://partition-recovery.com to find out more.
Football players huddle during SMU's first football practice of the season on Tuesday, August 1 , 2017 at the SMU practice fields in Dallas. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
Adam Grosbard, SMU beat writer for SportsDayDFW.com and The Dallas Morning News, answered your questions about the Mustangs and the American Athletic Conference in a live chat recently. Here are some highlights:
What's SMU's path to win three of its first six games? Or is that not happening, period?
Grosbard: That's really tough. You have to beat UNT to start the season or it's pretty much a lost cause. Houston Baptist is an easy second win in that stretch. Among UCF, Navy, TCU and Michigan, the Midshipmen are probably the most realistic option but only if the SMU defense has improved. Navy has been a thorn in SMU's side since joining conferences but the Mustangs were painfully close to a win last year prior to losing to a walk-off field goal. That's one that hurt SMU and will likely be a game the team gets excited for this season at home.
Any depth chart busters you think could really stand out during fall camp?
Grosbard: I think Jake Hall could shake things up at defensive tackle. The Arkansas grad transfer was a late addition to the roster but could push for a starting job. Then Robert Hayes could come in and earn a starting corner job with a strong camp.
INDIANAPOLIS – Allen County Auditor Tera Klutz will be announced as the next state auditor at at 11 a.m. Fort Wayne news conference today.
Gov.-elect Eric Holcomb is tapping Klutz to fill the vacancy caused by State Auditor Suzanne Crouch being elected lieutenant governor, according to several sources close to the announcement.
Klutz will be sworn in along with other statewide officials – including Holcomb himself – Jan. 9 at the Indiana State Fairgrounds.
Today's news conference will be at Allen County Republican Party headquarters on Main Street.
The state auditor pays the state's employees; funnels tax dollars to counties, cities, towns and schools; maintains official accounting records for billions of state dollars; and keeps current on the state's bills.
Crouch's current salary as state auditor is $78,154, according to the state transparency portal. In 2015, Klutz made $82,663 as Allen County auditor.
Klutz didn't return a phone call seeking comment and the Holcomb campaign declined to comment.
She was first elected Allen County Auditor in 2010 after serving as chief deputy for seven years. She was re-elected in 2014. Her departure leaves a vacancy in the county post, which will be filled by a caucus of local precinct officials.
Allen County Commissioner Nelson Peters applauded Klutz as the perfect pick for the state position.
“I think the governor-elect can make no better choice than her,” he said.
Peters said she helped shepherd in public employee retirement changes that saved the county significantly and has been a leader in the state association of county auditors – often visiting the Statehouse to testify on bills.
“She's always creative and innovative,” he said. “I don't see any reason for that to end at the state level.”
Peters said it's a great career move for Klutz, who could go to the private sector “but her heart is in public service.”
Klutz will be Indiana's fourth state auditor since 2013. That is when Allen County native Tim Berry left the office to run the state Republican Party. His replacement, Dwayne Sawyer, then resigned abruptly three months later.
That led to Crouch's January 2014 appointment by Gov. Mike Pence. She was elected to a new four-year term later that year.
Darren Vogt worked closely with Klutz when he was president of the Allen County Council and echoed Peters' thoughts.
“She was a joy to work with,” Vogt said, calling her hardworking and very smart. “Her leadership skills are amazing. She has the ability to work with everyone from state legislators to township trustees.”
He said she has a knack for laying out all the facts to make sure everyone understands sometimes-complex tax policy to make the best decisions.
Klutz is a certified public accountant and earned her bachelor's degree from IPFW. She was a senior accountant for PricewaterhouseCoopers for several years before joining the auditor's staff as chief deputy in 2003.
She is married to attorney Zachary Klutz, a former Republican member of the Allen County Election Board who now serves on the Indiana Election Commission. He is a partner and corporate attorney with Barrett & McNagny in Fort Wayne.
nkelly@jg.net
WASHINGTON (AP) — Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and House Republicans have escalated their feud with Patagonia after the outdoor retailer told Americans that President Donald Trump "stole your land" in his move to shrink two sprawling Utah national monuments.
The dispute pitting the GOP against a private company raised questions about use of taxpayer resources for political criticism and whether Republicans are trying to stop Patagonia sales weeks before the Christmas holiday.
On the day of Trump's announcement about the monuments, the California-based retailer replaced its usual home page last week with a black screen and stark message: "The President Stole Your Land." Patagonia filed suit to block the planned reduction to Utah's Bears Ears National Monument.
In a tweet, the House Natural Resources Committee said Patagonia is "lying" and making the allegation about Trump's plan "to sell more products to wealthy elitist urban dwellers from New York to San Francisco."
Advertisement
The Republican-led committee also sent out a widely distributed email with the subject line, "Patagonia: don't buy it."
A committee spokesman said Monday the email was not urging a boycott of Patagonia, but rather was telling consumers, "Don't buy the lies" about Trump's plan.
"We're just telling Patagonia: stop selling a false narrative," said Parish Braden, a spokesman for the committee.
Patagonia's lawsuit, filed in conjunction with a rock climbing advocacy group and other organizations, is among a flurry of lawsuits that have been filed over Trump's move to reduce the size of Bears Ears by nearly 85 percent and cut in half the land protected in Utah's Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument.
The company said it spent years supporting groups creating other national monuments and directly lobbied for protections at Bears Ears.
Zinke accused Patagonia of lying about Trump's actions and re-tweeted the committee post on his official account.
In response, former government ethics chief Walter Shaub launched a tweet storm, saying Zinke "misused his official position by re-tweeting this wildly inappropriate tweet."
Shaub, who resigned in July as head of the Office of Government Ethics after repeated battles with the Trump administration, called Zinke "the poster child for this lawless administration's misuse of governmental authority & resources."
Zinke's "thuggish interference with a business is outside the scope of his duties, raising a question as to whether a sovereign immunity defense might fail" if Patagonia sues him for libel or slander, Shaub said.
The committee may have violated House rules against advertising for or against a private individual, firm or corporation, Shaub said.
"The federal govt officially and publicly calling a company a liar for political reasons is a bizarre and dangerous departure from civic norms. It's also decidedly anti-free market," he tweeted.
Rep. Ruben Gallego, an Arizona Democrat who serves on the committee, said Republicans were spending taxpayer money to attack a private company that criticized Trump.
"Allowing them to get away with it is a dangerous precedent," Gallego said.
Committee Democrats, meanwhile, appeared to welcome the GOP feud with Patagonia, tweeting that it was resulting in "greater awareness that our #publiclands are under attack."
More attacks from Zinke and other Republicans will only lead to more business for Patagonia, which equals "an increased bottom line for a company that defends #MonumentsForAll," the Democrats said.
Illegal sex workers are accessing a million-dollar taxpayer funded sex programme, a Herald investigation can reveal.
The Ministry of Health (MOH) funds $1,099,944 excluding GST annually to the New Zealand Prostitutes Collective (NZPC) for health programmes across the country for sex workers.
In a response to an email enquiry by a local sex worker, the ministry confirmed that the services were "from time to time" being accessed by sex workers who are not legally able to work in New Zealand.
The programmes include sexual health and family planning, weekly sexual health clinics in Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch, and needle exchange services in Tauranga and Auckland.
Advertisement
The ministry's service commissioning director Jill Lane said the prevention of HIV and Aids and the health, safety and welfare of all sex workers and their clients remained its "prime focus".
Family First national director Bob McCoskrie slammed the ministry and NZPC for using taxpayer money to "knowingly aid" illegal prostitution.
New Zealand legislation specifically excludes migrants holding temporary visas from being able to lawfully work in the sex industry.
"It is disturbing that both the ministry and NZPC are knowingly aiding illegal forms of prostitution in NZ, and using taxpayer funding to facilitate that work," McCoskrie said.
"Turning a 'blind eye' to illegal migrant workers will simply open up a huge market for trafficking and exploitation which, based on local anecdotal evidence and international experience, will harm women."
Catherine Healy of the New Zealand Prostitutes Collective. Photo / Ross Setford
NZPC national co-ordinator Catherine Healy said the collective runs five community-based programmes and had more than 10,700 engagements with sex workers last year.
The community bases were accessible to all sex workers - including those unlawfully here.
"We work with all sex workers in New Zealand and it would be irresponsible to ignore migrant sex workers in respect to public health as well as other concerns related to the potential for exploitation," Healy said.
"We are constantly reminding people involved in sex work of the relevant laws and certainly inform them of immigration laws if we believe they may be in breach of them."
New Zealand sex worker Lisa Lewis has written to the ministry to express her disgust.
Lewis said the services to illegal sex workers had been provided by MoH and NZPC "at the detriment of legal and local sex workers".
"The fact that the ministry and NZPC are using taxpayer dollars to assist illegals is appalling," Lewis said.
Lisa Lewis, sex worker. Photo / Brett Phibbs
MoH's group system outcomes manager Sam Kunowski rejected the claim that the ministry was "knowingly aiding" illegal activity.
"The ministry expects all providers we contract with - including the NZPC - to operate services that comply within any relevant New Zealand legislation, including Immigration-related legislation," Kunowski said.
The contract with NZPC included requirements for mandatory reporting and correspondence, he said.
Immigration New Zealand assistant general Manager Peter Devoy said neither the NZPC nor MoH were required to provide any information to INZ regarding migrant sex workers they assisted.
"This is because working in the sex industry is not a criminal offence, even though it is a breach of temporary visa conditions," Devoy said.
"Any notification to INZ that a person is working illegally in the sex industry does not constitute evidence.
"If we are able to identify, locate and have evidence that a person on a temporary visa is providing commercial sexual services they can be served with a deportation liability notice."
In the last three years, deportation liability notices had been served to 38 people on temporary visas found to have engaged in commercial sexual services.
Kiwi author Joy Ramirez died after falling from a horse on her honeymoon in Vanuatu despite the best efforts of a surgeon who tried to save her.
The surgeon at the Northern Provincial Hospital in Luganville, Dr Basil Leodoro, told the Vanuatu Daily Post Ramirez was admitted to the hospital on Saturday evening for emergency surgery.
He said she was injured on Ratua Island on Friday but he would not say what sort of injuries she had. She was admitted to Medical Santo, a health facility in Luganville, and on Saturday evening she was moved to the Northern Provincial Hospital for an emergency operation.
"Following a two-to-three-hour operation her condition began to deteriorate and she died on Sunday morning," Leodoro said. He would not give further information citing privacy.
Advertisement
Ramirez was injured after falling from a horse while on her honeymoon with husband Matt Weavers.
Joy Ramirez and husband Matt Weavers were honeymooning in Vanuatu when she died. Photo / Instagram Joy Ramirez and husband Matt Weavers were honeymooning in Vanuatu when she died. Photo / Instagram
A Promedical Vanuatu spokesperson said she was horsed riding on an island off the shore of Espiritu Santo when she came off the horse.
"She received a chin injury as well as blunt force trauma to the abdomen region."
As well as being a published children's author, Ramirez, who had a bachelor of communications majoring in television production from Auckland University of Technology, has worked in events, marketing, PR and sponsorship management in Auckland, Wellington and Australia.
She also has a background as a singer and songwriter and was working on developing a sequel to her first children's book, Toot - The World's Tiniest Whale, which was published in 2015.
Newstalk ZB host Tim Roxborogh paid tribute to Ramirez, his friend, on his website.
"Just over 24 hours ago I heard that one of my oldest and most remarkable friends had died in a tragic accident on her honeymoon in Vanuatu.
"I will never, ever forget Joy Ramirez and right now I feel very much in denial. Because Joy was always there for me. Though as I'm increasingly discovering, she was always there for a lot of people.
"She gave time and she gave of herself. She was the very definition of the cliche 'beautiful inside and out' and it's obvious so many of us feel she genuinely made this world a better place," he wrote.
Joy Ramirez died while on her honeymoon in Vanuatu. Joy Ramirez died while on her honeymoon in Vanuatu.
"I'm not sure if I've ever met someone who was simultaneously this driven, this positive, this optimistic and this kind. Let's not also forget how funny she was too.
"Her passion for her own various endeavours was equalled by the enthusiasm and support she'd give to the projects of those who were blessed to call her 'friend'."
Earlier he told the Herald of meeting her while studying at AUT in 2000 and remaining close friends ever since.
He even credited her with encouraging him to rekindle his relationship with his now fiancee.
"Hearing the news Joy is gone is heartbreaking. Some people you encounter in this life are mysterious and Joy always had a mystery and energy that sometimes felt not of this world. She was extraordinary," he said.
It was understood arrangements were being made to repatriate Ramirez's body to New Zealand.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Macquarie to complete £1.5bn sale of stake in Thames Water
SWEETWATER COUNTY — Students who are part of the Western Wyoming Community College ACE-IT Program gathered money to ensure that children in the community have a great Christmas.
The money will help the program buy gifts for the estimated 20-to-30 ornaments that do not get returned.
“These dollars are a huge benefit to the program, they help us ensure that all children who qualify receive a great Christmas,” said Executive Director Lisa Stewart of the Boy's and Girls Club of Sweetwater County. “We have such a caring community it just warms our hearts at the club.”
Pictured are (from left to right), are, Deklyn Searle, Kiara Leeper, Kylee Smith, Ashley Muscatello, Lisa Stewart – Executive Director of Boys & Girls Club, Keith Tiggs, Jordyn Lee, Theresa Shafe – Student Success Advisor, Career, Employment and Internships.
Olympia beer's Facebook page includes a photo of actor Clint Eastwood drinking a can of the beer. A new lawsuit questions where the brewery's water comes from. Screen grab from Facebook
Broward County Sheriff's Office (PARKLAND, Fla.) — The brother of Parkland school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz has been arrested for allegedly trespassing on the school grounds of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
Zachary Cruz, 18, who was arrested at 4:30 p.m. Monday afternoon, allegedly rode his skateboard through school grounds, according to the Broward Sheriff's Office. According to the arrest report, he told deputies he wanted to “reflect on the school shooting and soak it in.”
His brother, Nikolas Cruz, 19, is accused of killing 17 people in the Valentine's Day massacre at the high school.
Nikolas Cruz was formally arraigned last Wednesday on a 34-count indictment related to last month's mass shooting at a South Florida high school, for which the 19-year-old is now facing the death penalty. A plea of not guilty was entered on his behalf, though defense attorney Melisa McNeill emphasized that Nikolas Cruz is willing “at any time” to plead guilty “in exchange for a waiver of the death sentence” and instead spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Deputies said Zachary Cruz had been warned to stay away from the school campus previously, according to the arrest report. The alleged trespassing was captured on CCTV, the report states.
Zachary Cruz was booked into the Broward Sheriff's Office jail and his bond was set at $25.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
By Anthony Ogbonna
Presidential hopeful, Dr. Thomas-Wilson Ikubese, has dumped the National Conscience Party (NCP), and officially joined the Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN).
This is coming barely two weeks after he announced his withdrawal from running under his former party, the NCP, citing violation of the objectives and goals of the party from its executives.
However, in a statement to newsmen on Wednesday, the Convener of YesWeFit Revolutionary Movement, said he would be running for the office of the president under his new party, the ANN.
According to the statement issued by the Director of Media and Publicity, YesWeFit Revolutionary Movement, Ayobami Ogedengbe, Dr. Ikubese called on all the supporters of the movement and lovers of good governance to throw their full support on the new party.
He also called on all young Presidential aspirants across Nigeria to join forces with him and wrestle power from President Buhari and set Nigeria on the path of recovery and progress.
The statement reads thus:
After series of marathon meetings and high-power consultations, the Nigerian Intervention Movement (NIM) has formally adopted Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN) as its party on 29th May 2018, with several other progressive parties in a grand alliance.
Since the YesWeFit Revolutionary Movement, which Dr Ikubese is the Convener is part of NIM and has been part of the discussions all along, it therefore follows that we shall key into this arrangement.
By this, Dr Thomas-Wilson Ikubese formerly joined the Alliance for New Nigeria on 29th May 2018, being Nigeria's Democracy Day and shall run for the office of the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria under the party in the coming 2019 Presidential election.
All members of the YesWeFit Revolutionary Movement across Nigeria, in the diaspora and lovers of good governance are hereby urged to join the Party without delay, pay their dues and be active therein, while those who have political ambition should run under the ANN which is now the “Third Force”.
We welcome you all to a new dawn!
Dr Ikubese is reaching out to all other young Presidential Aspirants across Nigeria so that they can all key into the NIM arrangement, synergise and come together under one umbrella to wrestle power from the current administration of President Buhari as to set Nigeria on the path of recovery and progress.
A New Nigeria is possible
Together we can
#YesWeFit
UK assignment Help is for an understudy who are searching for doing great in school or college. It is extremely troublesome for a normal understudy to deliberately compose a decent and expert task regarding any matter. Individuals imagine that Assignment Help Online is for the understudies who are not having enthusiasm for their scholastic. This is a false idea with respect to Assignment encourage on the web. Researcher understudy likewise utilize task help online administrations for the direction and help from master scholars to compose the school or the college task mistake free.
Primary Reasons for Hiring Assignment Help Online Service:
§ Academic greatness: It is hard for a normal understudy to compose an incredible exposition or task. There are a few focuses which are most essential while composing a task or an article. Online assignment help have a major system of qualified and master educators who are having high involvement in the field. These Expert authors are fit for dispensing the right assets and examining should be composed. The Experts are additionally equipped for looking at the point from alternate point of view and this makes a decent impact on the per user's psyche.
§ Saving time: Students can spare the valuable time when they utilize task help online administrations. They can focus on self-examine and can likewise include in additional curricular exercises. At the point when understudies enlist assignment help authors, they can give adequate time for intuition on inventive and new thoughts.
§ Customized consideration: When understudies utilize task enable online to administration, he or she is given altered consideration. The experts will ensure that every single task they compose is 101% unique and one of a kind and will likewise ensure that the task composing will be according to the understudies require.
§ Professional written work and introduction abilities: When an understudy contracts online task help administrations he/she will locate a major change in the composition and also the introduction aptitudes of his/her task.
Advantages of service:
Quick conveyance.
every minute of every day Amazing client help.
Exceptional, blunder free substance.
Pocket-accommodating costs.
Republicans block Democrats' effort to get Trump's tax returns
hello
WASHINGTON -- House Republicans on Tuesday blocked an attempt by Democrats to use an obscure law to obtain President Donald Trump's tax returns from the IRS.
Democrats on the House Ways and Means Committee tried to frame the issue as a matter of national security. They questioned whether Trump has any investments in Russia.
Trump has said he has no investments in Russia, and Democrats acknowledged that have no evidence otherwise. That's why they want Trump's returns, said Rep. Joseph Crowley, a New York Democrat.
The move came a day after Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was forced to resign over conversations he had with Russian officials before Trump took office.
"People are concerned about Michael Flynn putting himself in a position to be blackmailed. What position is the president in?" asked Crowley. "Our national security is at risk."
The Ways and Means Committee has legal authority to obtain confidential tax records. The committee could then vote to make them public.
Rep. Peter Roskam, a Wheaton Republican and the Ways and Means tax policy chairman, opposed the Democratic move to make Trump's tax returns public.
"Democrats are attempting to misuse and abuse a provision intended to protect our privacy for their own political purposes," Roskam said in a statement. "If we allow the Ways & Means committee to selectively pick and choose individuals' tax returns and release them to the public, what's to stop Congress from doing the same thing to any other American citizen? We are not going to weaken civil liberties and privacy protections just to make a political point."
On Tuesday, committee Democrats tried to amend a routine annual oversight plan to insert a provision that called for obtaining Trump's tax returns. Republicans blocked it on a straight party-line vote, 23-15.
Committee Chairman Kevin Brady of Texas said the panel should only use its power to ensure that tax laws are being administered properly -- not to investigate the president.
"As chairman of this committee, I will not allow Washington to return to the bad old days when government officials used their powers to intimidate, harass and destroy their political enemies," Brady said. "If Congress uses its power to rummage around the president's tax returns for political purposes, what's prevents it from doing the same to average Americans?"
Most famously, former President Richard Nixon was accused in his articles of impeachment of illegally obtaining tax records of his political enemies, and of ordering audits. Since then, federal law was changed so that neither the president nor the IRS commissioner can single out an individual for an audit.
Shunning decades of tradition, Trump has steadfastly refused to release his tax returns or to divest from his business. Instead, Trump said he has turned operation of his business over to his sons while still retaining his stake.
Democrats tried to make Trump's taxes an issue during the presidential election, questioning his wealth and whether he generously donates to charity, as he claims. After the election, the head of the Office of Government Ethics scolded Trump for not divesting from his business, saying it is the only way to avoid conflicts of interest.
Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway has said people don't care about the president's taxes.
Trump's tax returns would reveal a trove of information about his business dealings and his sources of income. They wouldn't show his overall net worth. But they would show his annual income and where it came from.
• Daily Herald staff writer Kerry Lester contributed to this report.
The Maternity Ward of the La General Hospital have recorded six new births made up of four males and two females, Mrs Sarah Okpoli, the Senior Midwifery Officer (SMO) told the Ghana News Agency on Sunday.
The first birth, a female, was recorded at 12:35 a.m. followed by a male at 12:45 a.m. Two males were born at the same time at 7:30 a.m. while the other female at 8:24 a.m.
Mrs Okpoti said one male baby was born through a successful caesarean section at 5:37 a.m.
She said no casualties had been recorded so far as at 1330 hours when the GNA visited
Schools are removing analogue clocks from exam halls because teenagers are unable to tell the time.
A head teachers' union has said that digital devices are replacing circular clockfaces after pupils sitting their GCSEs and A-levels complained they were struggling to read the right time.
Malcolm Trobe, deputy general secretary at the Association of School and College Leaders, said pupils had become accustomed to digital display.
"The current generation aren't as good at reading the traditional clock face," he said.
Advertisement
"They are used to seeing a digital representation of time on their phone, or on their computer."
Trobe said teachers wanted students to be as relaxed as possible during exams and having a traditional clock in the room could cause unnecessary stress.
"You don't want them to put their hand up to ask how much time is left," he said.
"There is actually a big advantage in using digital clocks in exam rooms because it is much less easy to mistake a time on a digital clock."
Stephanie Keenan, head of English at Ruislip High School in north-west London, said her school had installed digital clocks in the exam hall after agreeing that many Year 9, 10 and 11 students could not tell the time on an analogue clock.
When students reached secondary school it was assumed they could read a clock, but this was often not the case, Trobe said.
Earlier this year, a senior paediatric doctor said children found it hard to hold pens and pencils because the increasing use of technology made them obsolete.
Sally Payne, a paediatric occupational therapist, said: "To be able to grip a pencil and move it, you need strong control of the fine muscles in your fingers."
Children are now not developing these necessary skills, she added.
Gov. Butch Otter, left, with higher education task force co-chairmen Linda Clark, center, and Bob Lokken, right, when Otter announced the task force in January 2016. Katherine Jones kjones@idahostatesman.com
Three top US bank chiefs have been duped by an email prankster, highlighting the risk of inadvertent leaks of sensitive information through the most basic of breaches.
Lloyd Blankfein of Goldman Sachs, Michael Corbat of Citigroup and James Gorman of Morgan Stanley all entered into email exchanges this week with the hoaxer, a 39-year-old web designer from Manchester, England, who was posing as a colleague of the chief executives.
Last month the same hoaxer targeted Jes Staley, chief executive of Barclays, and Mark Carney, the governor of the Bank of England.
Mr Corbat of Citi swapped some pleasantries on Sunday evening with the hoaxer, who was masquerading as Mike O'Neill, the bank's chairman. Mr Blankfein signed off after a couple of one-liners he thought were aimed at Harvey Schwartz, the bank's president and co-chief operating officer. Mr Gorman of Morgan Stanley replied late on Tuesday to emails that appeared to have been sent by Alistair Darling, the former UK chancellor who joined the bank's board last January.
In the emails to Mr Gorman, the hoaxer sent what purports to be a draft of an op-ed on the lessons of risk, using the analogy of a salmon-fishing trip to South Wales which is disrupted by “three enormous dogs”.
“Whilst it was a frightening experience, my father and I did take away from it one important lesson - that being you cannot take chances with the security of both yourselves and your catch,” wrote the hoaxer.
“Excellent,” replied Mr Gorman. “Great personal story to make a critical point!”
Innocuous, if embarrassing
All three exchanges were innocuous, if embarrassing, but security experts warned that the episodes have exposed weak spots in the big banks' defences, at a time when they are under near-constant bombardment from criminals, “hacktivists” and disaffected insiders.
Banks have spent billions of dollars on improving resiliency against cyberattacks, partly at the urging of regulators. Under a new regime affecting companies policed by New York's Department of Financial Services, for example, executives have to submit an annual certification that the firm is doing all it can to protect consumers' private data and “ensure the safety and soundness” of the state's financial services industry.
Yet all three chief executives were easily foxed. In the Morgan Stanley case, Mr Gorman replied to emails from alistair.darling@outlook.com.
The scam “is so simple it doesn't require technical hacking skills, but social engineering skills”, said Justin Cappos, an associate professor of computer science at New York University's Tandon School of Engineering. He noted that some companies' systems attach warnings when emails come from external sources with whom the recipient has never corresponded. Such systems already operate at Goldman and Citi.
The most effective way for users to protect against it is to be a bit sceptical,” he said.
Morgan Stanley and Citi declined to comment.
Subject to disclosure
A Goldman Sachs spokesperson said: “We work in a highly regulated industry where all communications are subject to disclosure, and we live in an increasingly transparent world where private communications are regularly made public. Technology has an important role in protecting our ability to interact securely with clients, but judgment is the most critical quality to ensuring that we meet the high standards we set for ourselves.”
The hacker told the FT he “wanted to highlight how few cast-iron indicators everyone has [ . . .]that they are communicating with the person they think they are”.
“My intentions weren't malicious, no secrets were really pushed for, but that could easily not have been the case,” he said. “In the end I expected it to become impossible to do very quickly after Staley. But things move slowly it seems; it has been easily repeatable, worryingly so.”
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017
Detroit Pistons center Andre Drummond 0) dunks the ball against the Miami Heat during the first half of an NBA basketball game Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Detroit.
Trubisky already getting big job done for Chicago Bears
hello
Daniel White/dwhite@dailyherald.comChicago Bears Mitchell Trubisky (10) reacts to his second half touchdown throw to Joshua Bellamy against the Green Bay Packers, November 12, 2017, at Soldier Field.
For a quarterback who went just 4-8 as a starter with a modest 77.5 passer rating (28th in the league), the Bears' Mitch Trubisky has created a positive buzz around the NFL.
Bears general manager Ryan Pace, who made Trubisky the second overall pick in the 2107 draft, has found that his sales pitch to free agents is being well received, not just because of the contract numbers but also because of the team's quarterback.
"I think there's excitement around the league with Mitch," Pace said, "not just for the talent that he is, but the person that he is. Let's be honest -- players pay attention to whom the quarterback is and who they're going to potentially pair with. There's a lot of excitement around the quarterback, and that definitely helps."
It's one thing for the GM who drafted him as the franchise QB to trumpet Trubisky's talent. But it's quite another for the pass catchers whose careers depend on him to express their confidence in Trubisky.
Free-agent wide receivers Allen Robinson and Taylor Gabriel, tight end Trey Burton and even backup quarterback Chase Daniel all cited Trubisky among their reasons for signing with the Bears.
"We played them last year (Week 1), but we didn't get to see him because (Mike Glennon) was playing," Gabriel said. "But I got to talk to him a little bit after the game. He just seemed like a very confident guy, very confident in himself and the things that he was doing.
"I looked up a few of his highlights on YouTube as well, and the guy can sling it. So I'm excited to be with him and excited to get in and play with him."
Trubisky was given plenty of slack last year in an up-and-down campaign, and not just because he was a rookie who was hustled into the starter's role in Week 5. He took over an undermanned aerial attack that already was without projected wide-receiver starters Cam Meredith and Kevin White and then lost tight end Zach Miller at midseason.
With the off-season addition of three proven skill-position players and the healthy return of White and Meredith, Trubisky will be competing on a level playing field in 2018.
Robinson, who spent last season recovering from a torn ACL in his left knee, had an opportunity to watch the Bears from afar and saw encouraging signs from the quarterback.
"There were some throws he made … and I was like, 'Wow, these guys really have a quarterback,' " Robinson said. "I know some guys on the team, so Chicago was a team I watched a few times. I got a chance to watch him play, and I saw a lot of good things."
Daniel has backed up Drew Brees in New Orleans (2010-12), Alex Smith in Kansas City (2013-15), Carson Wentz in Philadelphia (2016), and then Brees again last year. He has seen firsthand what exceptional QB play looks like, and he spent three years with Bears head coach Matt Nagy when they were with the Chiefs.
Daniel has been impressed with Trubisky, but he knows the daunting hurdles the young quarterback will encounter, and he vows to be there as a confidant and mentor.
"Watching Mitch play last year was fun," Daniel said. "It's hard to play as a quarterback in this league, but especially as a rookie quarterback. I think he did some really good things. I'm excited to dive in with him deeper and get started.
"From everything I've heard, everyone I've seen, he's a really great guy. So I'm ready to work with him."
Burton had yet to meet Trubisky when he arrived for his Bears media introduction last week, but he was eager to begin collaborating.
"(I) talked to other people, and they say nothing but great things about him, (like) his athleticism," Burton said. "The stuff that you hear is all positive. I'm just really excited to get to work with him."
The guess here is that Trubisky is even more excited than Burton, knowing the number of talented pass catchers he will be targeting in his sophomore season.
• Bob LeGere is a senior writer at Pro Football Weekly. Follow Bob's Bears reports on Twitter @BobLeGere or @PFWeekly.
James Alex Fields Jr., is seen attending the “Unite the Right” rally in Emancipation Park before being arrested by police and charged with with one count of second degree murder. Eze Amos / Reuters file
The 20-year-old was represented by court-appointed attorney Charles Webber and given an August 25 court date. The judge did not grand bond and Fields told the court he had no money anyway and that he earns $600 a week at his job.
Fields was arrested shortly after he allegedly plowed his Dodge Challenger through a group of demonstrators, barreling through them like bowling pins. Heyer was killed and 19 other protesters were injured.
It was a deadly coda to day of anger and rage on the normally genteel streets of the southern city that pitted hundreds of white supremacists, Ku Klux Klansmen and neo-Nazis versus an army of anti-racism protesters.
Fields was held on suspicion of second-degree murder, malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death.
Outside the courthouse, white nationalist Matthew Heimbach barged in on a gathering of reporters and accused them of being “liars” and insisted Fields was “scared for his life” and tried to portray him and the other white supremacists as the victims.
“The nationalist community defended ourselves against thugs,” Heimbach insisted. “These radical leftists…they are the one who came to kill us.”
Heimbach was soon drowned out by chants of “Nazis go home” and “murderer” and police officers quickly surrounded him for his own protection and escorted him away from the court complex.
Earlier, Fields' mother
Samantha Bloom told NBC News and other outlets that she learned of the deadly havoc from reporters who showed up at her home in a Toledo suburb and said she was under the impression that her son was merely attending a political rally — not a nationalist march.
“I didn't know it was white supremacists. I thought it had something to do with Trump,” she said. “Trump's not a supremacist.”
President Donald Trump has been hit with
bipartisan criticism for failing to explicitly condemn the white nationalists for the violence and suggesting the counter-protesters bore some of the blame.
Marianna Sotomayor reported from Charlottesville, Corky Siemaszko reported from New York.
Deborah Adewale, a 2013 African Youth Athletics Championships (AYAC) gold medallist, on Monday advised her fellow athletes to acquire formal education for a better future after their sports career.
“My advice to athletes who are skeptical about going to school is that they should please do (go to school), because athletics without education will be nothing to write home about,” she said.
Adewale, who just completed the mandatory National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), said in Lagos that acquiring formal education would eliminate fears of an unknown future.
The Physical and Health Education (PHE) graduate of Lead City University in Ibadan urged her colleagues not to make the mistake made by many former athletes.
“Now, many of them cannot fend for themselves after sports. We should ensure we don't make the same mistake,'' she said.
Adewale, who left sports for a while due to her educational pursuits, said it is a fact that it may be difficult combining sports and education.
“It is also a fact that the outcome will be worth it. The end will justify the means.
“The same way our athletes have put in their best for athletics, they should equally be dedicated to education, though, it may not be easy.
“I was off the sports scene for a while because of my education. But now, I am back and I intend to participate in the fourth leg of the AFN Golden League in Enugu.
“Moreover, we can't run for the rest of our lives because at a certain stage if we don't leave sports, it will leave us as the age factor sets in.
“Also, education will put us in a better position in future,” she said.
Adewale also added that there was time for everything, saying “acquiring a formal education may not work out fine the way they think because of combining both.
“But as athletes, it is better to make hay when the sun shines to avoid regrets.''(NAN)
Within hours of the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, the fight between white supremacists and everyone else moved from the streets to the digital world.
Go Daddy, the world's largest web domain registrar, agreed under pressure to stop hosting the Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi website. Activists crowdsourced the process of identifying several white men photographed beating an African-American man. Twitter became a venue for expressions of sympathy and outrage.
“I signed up to fight Nazis 73 years ago and I'll do it again if I have to,” wrote John Dingell (91), a retired congressman, in a tweet that drew more than one million retweets and likes.
The digital world's prominence in the fight was in keeping with its role in fuelling white nationalism. Alienated white men, most of them in their 20s and 30s, who populate various hate groups congregate in Reddit and 4Chan forums, often progressing from anti-Semitic or racially tinged online chats to full-blown white nationalism.
“White supremacy has been online as long as there has been an internet,” said Alice Marwick, a social media expert at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. “A lot of these viewpoints are not acceptable for them to say in their day-to-day lives.”
On Twitter followers of white nationalist accounts have grown 600 per cent since 2012 and “outperform Isis in nearly every social metric, from follower counts to tweets per day”, according to a September 2016 study by a George Washington University programme on extremism.
The American Nazi party's Twitter account, which has more than 13,000 followers, had fewer than 1,800 in 2012.
Obtain and disseminate
As in other realms, the internet has made it easier to obtain and disseminate white nationalist writings.
Tony McAleer, a former organiser for the White Aryan Resistance in the pre-internet age, recalls sending away for mail-order books and attending occasional public rallies. “What might have taken a year you can consume in a weekend or a week,” he said.
On Twitter aggrieved whites have been attracted to discussions of “white genocide”, the notion that increased societal diversity threatens the future of the white race, according to the George Washington study, written by JM Berger, an expert on US extremist movements.
Followers of these accounts had favoured Donald Trump's presidential campaign, with Trump-related hashtags outperforming “every white nationalist hashtag except for #white­genocide”, the report concluded.
Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist, boasted last year that he had made Breitbart, a leading right-wing online news site, into “the platform for the alt-right”.
On Sunday Shaun King, an activist and columnist for the New York Daily News, began trying to identify the white men who were photographed in a Charlottesville parking garage beating Deandre Harris. In photos posted online, a group of four or five white men, armed with poles and pipes, can be seen assaulting the 20-year-old, who is crouched on his hands and knees.
“Who is this man with the red beard?” King tweeted along with the photo of one assailant. “He committed a violent felony.”
Alleged identities
After King posted multiple photos of the assailants, his followers began tweeting their alleged identities.
Harris, meanwhile, told the online site The Root he had suffered a broken wrist and chipped tooth, and required eight staples for a gash in his head.
The Trump administration recently killed an effort to use online technologies to draw people away from extremism, axing a $400,000 grant for a deradicalisation group called Life after Hate in Chicago.
Run by several former members of white nationalist organisations, the group was planning to use counter-extremism technologies pioneered by Moonshot of London.
“Without the funding, we are passive. We have to wait for people to come to us,” said Tony McAleer of Life after Hate. “With the grant, we could have gone on the offensive.”
After the Daily Stormer described Heather Heyer, the young woman killed by an alleged white supremacist driver in Charlottesville, as “a fat, childless 32-year-old slut”, the hate group was targeted .
Amy Siskind, founder of the New Agenda, a non-profit group that bills itself as “the voice for all women”, tweeted at Go Daddy to cut off the site.
Less than two hours later, Go Daddy responded via tweet that it was expelling the Nazi site. “We informed the Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service,” Go Daddy said.
It is likely to be a temporary victory. “What is most likely to happen is they will move servers to somewhere offshore or another country,” said Marwick at Chapel Hill.
“The internet is decentralised. If you cut off one arm, another will grow back in its place.”
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017
By Abby Hassler
Evanescence's new album Synthesis will contain re-imaginings of the group's iconic catalog as well as two new tracks. The band is currently in the studio finishing the project with producer Will Hunt and orchestra arranger and composer David Campbell.
Related: Amy Lee on Her New Children's Album
Evanescence will support the new release with a fall tour featuring a full orchestra.
“I've always wanted to shine a light on some of the gorgeous David Campbell arrangements and programming elements in our songs, and that idea snowballed into completely re-doing them with full orchestra, not just strings, elaborate programming and experimentation,” Lee explained. “This will be our first time touring with an orchestra and I'm so excited to perform this way-really focus on the vocals, and the emotion and the story we've built over the years.”
“I'm also really excited about the new material on the album,” she continued. “Besides the two new songs, there are some really beautiful instrumental in-between moments. The whole thing flows like a big, dynamic soundtrack.”
Check out the complete tour dates below.
10/14 – Las Vegas, NV @ The Pearl Concert Theater
10/15 – Los Angeles, CA @ Greek Theatre
10/17 – Phoenix, AZ @ Comerica Theatre
10/20 – Houston, TX @ Revention Music Center
10/22 – Irving, TX @ The Pavilion at Irving Music Factory
10/23 – New Orleans, LA @ Mahalia Jackson Theater
10/25 – Nashville, TN @ Ryman Auditorium
10/27 – Atlanta, GA @ Chastain Park Amphitheatre
10/28 – Charlotte, NC @ Ovens Auditorium
10/30 – Pittsburgh, PA @ Heinz Hall for the Performing Arts
10/31 – Oxon Hill, MD @ MGM National Harbor
11/2 – Upper Darby, PA @ Tower Theater
11/3 – Mashantucket, CT @ Foxwoods Resort Casino – Grand Theater
11/5 – Boston, MA @ Orpheum Theatre – Boston
11/7 – Bethlehem, PA @ Sands Bethlehem Event Center
11/8 – Baltimore, MD @ Hippodrome Theatre
11/10 – Brooklyn, NY @ Kings Theatre
11/30 – Chicago, IL @ Chicago Theatre
12/2 – Carmel, IN @ The Palladium
12/5 – Minneapolis, MN @ State Theatre
12/6 – Madison, WI @ Orpheum Theatre
12/8 – Toronto, ON Canada @ Sony Centre for Performing Arts
12/9 – Windsor, ON Canada @ Caesar's Windsor
12/11 – Kansas City, MO @ Kansas City Music Hall
12/13 – Denver, CO @ Paramount Theatre
12/15- Reno, NV @ Grand Theatre at The Grand Sierra Resort
12/16 – San Francisco, CA @ Masonic Auditorium
12/19 – Portland, OR @ Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall
Never miss a tour date from Evanescence with Eventful.
Sodium starch glycolate is the sodium salt of carboxymethyl ether. It is white to off-white, odorless, tasteless, and free-flowing powder. It is produced by cross-linking and carboxy methylation of potato starch. It can also be manufactured from other starch foods such as corn, wheat, and rice. Sodium starch glycolate is practically insoluble in water and insoluble in most organic solvents. It exists in the form of oval, rounded, irregularly shaped, or spherical granules. These granules exhibit considerable swelling upon contact with water.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20903
Based on the empirical formula and molecular weight, sodium starch glycolate can be classified into two types: type A and type B. Based on pH value, it is classified into three types that include type C. Type A and Type B are sodium salts of cross-linked, partly O-carboxymethylated potato starch. On the other hand, type C is formed as sodium salt of partly O-carboxymethylated starch, cross-linked by physical dehydration. Type A, B, and C can be differentiated from each other by checking their pH, sodium, and sodium chloride content. Starch is carboxymethylated by reacting it with sodium choloroacetate in an alkaline, non-aqueous medium, usually denatured methanol or ethanol. This is then followed by neutralization of citric acid, acetic acid, and other acids.
Sodium starch glycolate is widely used in pharmaceuticals, as a disintegrant, in the formation of tablets and capsules. It absorbs water rapidly, which leads to fast disintegration of granules and tablets. Sodium starch glycolate dissolves better, which makes it easier for the body to absorb medication. It can also be used as gelling and suspending agent. The usage of sodium starch glycolate in the formation of tablets and capsules involves either wet granulation or direct compression. In higher concentration, it can be used as a dissolution acing agent. Sodium starch glycolate can be more effective when used as an intragranular or extragranular disintegrant or when equally divided between intragranular and extragranular locations.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sodium-starch-glycolate-market.html
Sodium starch glycolate does not have any side-effect. However, depending on the source, it can cause adverse effects on certain individuals. People with allergy to corn or with celiac disease may experience adverse effects. Tablets or capsules that are prepared using sodium starch glycolate have excellent storage properties, due to its physical properties such as stability and hygroscopic nature. In order to prevent caking, sodium starch glycolate should be kept in a well-closed container. This can protect it from changes in temperature and humidity. One of the key characteristics of sodium starch glycolate is that its physical properties remain the same for up to 3 years, if handled and stored at a moderate humidity and temperature.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Would you know how to spot a fake cashpoint or dodgy ATM?
Fraudsters have lots of tricks to get customers to part with their money with card skimmers, hidden cameras and cash traps becoming increasingly common.
BirminghamLive reported on a cashpoint scam outside Morrisons in Sheldon last week in which a crudely fitted device was noted by an alert customer.
The device had been hastily glued to the real keypad with the intention of retaining debit cards from unsuspecting users.
(Image: MPSpinnersouth)
But that's not the only way crooks can pilfer your pounds.
So here's seven ways to spot a cashpoint scam.
1. Watch out for fake keypads
If the keypad feels loose, thick, or sponge-like, then it may be a fake. False keypad overlays and card skimmers are being used to capture your PIN immediately which is then transferred to a gang via wifi.
2. Wiggle the card reader
Skimmers read the magnetic stripe as the card is inserted, so give the card a bit of a wiggle as you put it in.
The reader needs the stripe to go in a single motion, because if it isn't straight in, it can't read the data correctly.
Scammers can use the information to create cloned cards or just break into bank accounts to steal money.
The chances of getting hit by a skimmer are higher on the weekend than during the week, since it's harder for customers to report the suspicious ATMs to the bank.
Criminals typically install skimmers on Saturdays or Sundays, and then remove them before the banks reopen on Monday.
3. Watch out for hidden cameras
Hidden cameras record your PIN number and card details, enabling the scammer to clone the card. Just remember to always use one hand to cover the keypad as you enter your PIN or use a wallet or puse.
4. Check the receipt slot
Check the receipt slot for cracks as this could be a sign that it's been tampered with - a scammer may have placed a scanner inside and reassembled it.
5. Check the card slot
Sometimes a card slot that sticks out and isn't flush against the machine, indicates that an ATM skimmer has been fitted. A loose or blocked card slot may suggest the presence of a 'Lebanese Loop'.
This is a plastic device with a barb in the reader which catches the card in the machine and makes you believe it has been swallowed.
If the machine swallows your card, you should contact your bank immediately, ideally while you are still at the ATM, as you will likely have to cancel it.
Check your bank accounts over the following weeks for any suspicious activity.
6. Look out for large or unusual plastic coverings
Some thieves go as far as replicating large portions of ATM machines. A big piece of plastic fitted over the front of the ATM can obscure the data-stealing electronics. Behind these panels magnetic strip readers and storage devices for recording the data of every card slotted into the ATM.
7. Check the audio jack
If the headphone socket is sunk in and it appears not properly aligned, then that machine could have been tampered with.
Advice from Action Fraud:
*Stand close to the terminal. Always shield the keypad with your free hand, purse or wallet, and your body, to avoid anything or anyone seeing you enter your PIN. This will protect your PIN from anyone who might be looking over your shoulder, and also help to keep your PIN safe if a fraudster has set up a hidden camera to film the keypad.
*Stay alert and put your personal safety first. If someone is crowding or watching you, cancel the transaction and alert a member of staff. Do not accept help from seemingly well-meaning strangers and never allow yourself to be distracted.
*Have your card company's 24 hour contact number stored in your mobile phone. If your card is retained, stay at the ATM and contact your bank immediately.
*If you spot anything unusual about the machine, or there are signs of tampering, do not use it.
*If you think you have been a victim of fraud, you should contact your bank immediately.
Stick with ATM's you trust and keep your eyes peeled. If something doesn't feel right about an ATM or a credit card reader, don't use it.
Former minister in the then vice president Joice Mujuru's office, Flora Buka has been dragged to the High Court after failing to pay $87 000 owed to Paperhole Investments (Private) Limited.
According to court papers, Buka signed an acknowledgement of debt, which has become the basis for the court application.
“Plaintiff's claim against the defendant (Buka) is based on a liquid document in the form of an acknowledgement of debt duly executed by and between the defendant and plaintiff on the 14th of September 2016.
“In terms of the acknowledgment of debt, the defendant acknowledged its indebtedness to the plaintiff in the sum of $87 267,01, which amount was to be repaid in full on or before the 31st of December 2016,” the court heard.
The origins of the debt were not stated in the court papers, except a copy of the acknowledgement of debt and reference to the same document.
According to the acknowledgement of debt document, in the event of a default in payment, interest would continue to be levied at the computed rate of one percent per month, calculated from September 14, 2016.
“The defendant has failed to tender payment as agreed or at all, towards liquidating the sums owed and is therefore in breach of the acknowledgment of debt.
“Despite demand, the defendant has failed, refused and/or neglected to pay the amount claimed despite being liable to do so,” the court was told.
The matter, which has been brought for a provisional sentence will be heard today before High Court judge Jester Charewa.
In terms of the acknowledgment of debt document, there was not going to be any variation of the agreement unless reduced to writing and signed by the debtor and creditor.
“In the event of the debtor failing to pay any amount as and when it becomes due hereunder, then the creditor shall have the right without notice to claim and recover the whole of the capital sum and interest, or the balance thereof the outstanding, together with costs and collection charges and to institute legal proceedings against the debtor.
“The debtor shall be liable for the legal costs of such action on the scale of attorney and client,” part of the acknowledgment of debt reads. Buka has no yet respondent to the application. Daily News
Posted on July 3, 2013 | 8:30 a.m.
Source: Massey Family
Dr. Robert F. Massey died June 27, 2013, in the Hackensack University Medical Center in Hackensack, New Jersey. He was 70.
Born in Los Angeles and raised in Santa Barbara, he met and married his wife in Chicago before they moved to New York. They lived the past 33 years in Kearny, New Jersey.
A private viewing will be held at Welch-Ryce-Haider Funeral Chapels, 15 E. Sola St. in Santa Barbara. Relatives and friends are invited to attend a Mass at 10 a.m. Friday, July 5, at Old Mission Santa Barbara, 2201 Laguna St., with burial to follow at Calvary Cemetery, 199 N. Hope Ave.
Dr. Massey was a Professor at Seton Hall University, where he directed the doctoral program in Family Psychology and the master's and post-maste'rs Marriage and Therapy Program.
He graduated from St. Anthony Seminary High School in Santa Barbara and San Luis Rey College. He received his Master's from North Eastern Illinois State College and his Ph.D. from the Graduate from Center of the City University in New York.
Dr. Massey is survived by his wife, Dr. Sharon Davis Massey, and his children and their spouses, Sarah Massey Zacharias and Brian and Jonathan Robert Massey and Liz. Also surviving are his grandchildren, Tyler and Savannah.
In lieu of flowers kindly consider a memorial contribution to St. Anthony's San Francisco or Heifer International, two charities that Dr. Massey supported.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 19-year-old dog was shut out of his home and left for dead amid snowy, icy weather and sub-zero temperatures.
Heartless owners shut the old and frail cross terrier outside as the Beast from the East hit the region and temperatures plunged to -3C.
Stormy, who is 19 (and 92 in dog years), was found collapsed at an address in Coventry on March 2 after the RSPCA received calls from concerned residents.
RSPCA inspector Herchy Boal said that the team receive a huge number of calls during the recent snowy conditions - most of which are for people concerned over dogs left outside in gardens in freezing cold temperatures.
Inspector Boal added: “The RSPCA is restricted in what we can do in many of these situations as, while we certainly wouldn't advise keeping dogs outside, it is not illegal to do so if the dog has adequate shelter.
“However, in some cases, there is an urgent need for our involvement and, when we receive reports of vulnerable and exposed animals in this type of weather, we know we need to respond quickly.”
Stormy is only a little dog with a short coat but was left outside during the cold, snowy weather regardless.
Inspector Boal explained: “Records show it was between -1 and -3C that day and there was a significant amount of snow on the ground.”
But the major concern for Stormy was his age. At 19, the RSPCA say he should not have been outside in that weather.
He was taken into RSPCA care and Inspector Boal took him to see the vets at RSPCA Newbrook Farm Animal Hospital in Birmingham.
He has since had veterinary checks and some dental work, and is now being looked after by staff in the Newbrook Farm Animal Centre where he will go up for rehoming.
The team at RSPCA are now are looking for a kind and loving new owner to give him the home he deserves.And at his ripe old age, Stormy will be the oldest dog Birmingham's RSPCA team have ever rehomed and one of the oldest they've ever rescued.
“Despite his age, Stormy is in generally good health and we'd like to find him a lovely new home,” Inspector Boal added.
“He's a really sweet little dog and he'd make the perfect companion for an older person who wants to share their sofa with a new friend.”
Anyone who is interested in offering Stormy a new home should contact RSPCA Newbrook Farm Animal Centre by calling 0300 123 8585.
A religion based around a robot god will succeed because humans tend to "worship supreme understanding", experts have claimed.
One researcher has said the same drive that compels people to believe in higher beings and follow religions will also work for so-called AI "Godheads", the Daily Mail reported.
Others have commented that, like religion, people will eventually rely on a "robot messiah" to solve society's problems.
Last month, former Uber and Google engineer Anthony Levandowski formed the first church to follow an artificially intelligent being.
Advertisement
The religion, known as "Way of the Future", claims our species can better itself by following the instructions of a robot that is "a billion times smarter than humans".
Now AI expert and lawyer John Mitchell has said humans have a tendency to "worship supreme understanding", and that this also applies to AI.
"We [believe] there must be some higher power that causes lightning, sunsets, and crashing waves - or at least speaks to the bottom of our beings, rather than ignore them as ho-hum background," he told Fox News.
Mr Mitchell said the same thing could happen with AI, adding that robots could help us better understand religion.
Dr Stephen Thaler, President and CEO of Imagination Engines and an AI and consciousness expert, said people will rely on AI to solve society's problems.
"An AI would provide the equivalent of a 'messiah' - having many orders of magnitude more processing elements than the brain, enabling it to gift us with solutions to the most daunting social, political, economic, and environmental challenges," he said.
But if AI develops this level of intelligence, it might choose not to be worshipped, said author and consultant Peter Scott.
"I would expect the AIs that evolve in the next 50 years to be very rational and, if conscious, not want to be worshipped," he said.
"If they have the human race's best interests at heart (and God help us if they don't) then they would want us to have as much right of self determination as possible."
The new comments come just a month after Way Of The Future (WOTF) was officially registered as a religion by Anthony Levandowski.
The ex-Google engineer, who first announced plans for the creed in May, says he is "raising a god" that will that charge of humans.
WOTF will eventually have a gospel called "The Manual", as well as rituals and even a physical place of worship.
Levandowski named himself as "dean" of WOTF, giving him complete control until his death or resignation.
He said his robot god, which will be a "a billion times smarter than humans" will take charge of its subjects, who will relinquish power to a being of higher intelligence.
The filed documents for WOTF give its purpose is to "develop and promote the realisation of a Godhead based on Artificial Intelligence".
Workshops and educational programs have already begun in the San Francisco area.
Levandowski says everything in the church will be open source and members of the church would have special social media accounts.
He has appointed four other people to the Council of Advisers and the listing says each week they will spend a few hours organising workshops and meetings.
In 2017, the Internal Revenue Service listed the religion as having received US$20,000 ($29,000) in gifts, US$1500 ($2170) in membership fees and US$20,000 ($29,000) in other revenue.
WOTF has US$7500 ($10,800) put aside for wages, although Levandowski, who earned US$120 million ($173 million) from Google, says he will not receive any money.
Who is Anthony Levandowki?
Anthony Levandowski is best known for helping create Google Street View and engineering Waymo and Uber's self-driving cars.
Levandowski is currently at the heart of a legal fight between Google's parent company Alphabet and Uber.
Waymo, the self-driving car subsidiary which Alphabet owns, is suing Uber, claiming it stole trade secrets to make their own self-driving cars.
The engineer they say is responsible for the theft is Levandowski who they allege downloaded 14,000 secret files before leaving Google in 2016 after nine years at the company.
A month after his departure, he founded Otto, a company which specialised in self-driving trucks.
Seven months later, Uber acquired Otto and Levandowski began working on the ride-sharing company's self-driving cars.
In February this year, Alphabet filed a multi-billion lawsuit against Uber and Otto accusing it of stealing trade secrets.
Levandowski was called to give evidence in March but he pleaded the Fifth Amendment throughout, refusing to answer questions on the grounds that his answers may incriminate him.
Increasing pool of diabetic patients witnessed across the globe has prompted leading manufacturers of medical devices towards development of ground-breaking products. Smart insulin pens are among such devices that have revolutionised the global market for diabetic injection pens. A recent study published by Future Market Insights projects that the global smart insulin pens market, which is currently valued at US$ 0.86 Mn, will expand vigorously at 17.9% CAGR through the end of 2027. During this ten-year forecast period, the global demand for smart insulin pens is estimated to surge rapidly as medical device manufacturers will be actively adopting advanced technologies that deliver cutting-edge devices.
Report overview@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/smart-insulin-pens-market
While the parent market – global diabetic injection pens market – is presently worth US$ 4.9 Bn, contribution of revenues arising from global sales of smart insulin pens will remain minimal. Nevertheless, the global smart insulin pens market will bring in more than US$ 4 Mn revenues by the end of 2027. The report, titled “Smart Insulin Pens Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2017-2027,” also reveals that Europe will emerge as a dominant region for growth of global smart insulin pens market. Sales of smart insulin pens across European countries are anticipated to bring in over US$ 2.4 Mn by end of 2027. Meanwhile, awareness regarding smart insulin pens is expected to rise robustly across the US and Canada. North America's smart insulin pens market is, thus, estimated to register revenue growth at a staggering 26.7% CAGR. Through 2027, sales of smart insulin pens across Asia-Pacific region are also projected to gain traction, bringing in a little over US$ 1.2 Mn in revenues.
The report further reveals that a majority of smart insulin pens sold across the world will be purchased for treatment of type II diabetes. The demand for smart insulin pens among type I diabetics is expected to remain considerably lower, procuring global revenues of just over US$ 700,000.
Request to sample report@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1827
Summary of Table of Content
1. Executive Summary
2. Market Introduction
3. Global Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis Scenario
4. Market Dynamics
5. Global Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Indication
6. Global Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Connectivity
7. Global Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Distribution Channel
8. Global Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Region
9. North America Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecast
10. Europe Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecast
11. Asia Pacific Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecast
12. Rest of The World Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecast
13. Competition Landscape
14. Assumptions and Acronyms Used
15. Research Methodology
Request to Browse Full Table of Content, figure and Tables@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1827
CONTACT:
Future Market Insights
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
F: +1-845-579-5705
Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com
Chuck's Waterfront Grill has been selected the winner of the New Architectural Feature category of the Santa Barbara Beautiful 2011 Annual Awards, for the new waterfront deck in front of the restaurant.
The deck features radiant heated flooring to keep toes warm, fire pits with flames dancing to keep guests cozy, a glass windscreen to buffer the breeze and sails overhead to keep guests dry on the occasional foggy evening. Sculptural landscaping and uplighting of the sails create a world-class ambiance “By the Boats, Under the Sails,” overlooking the Santa Barbara Harbor and the shimmering hills of the American Riviera beyond.
Six years in the making, the new Chuck's Waterfront Grill deck is a product of collaboration between owners Larry Stone, Nan Allison-Stone and Steve Hyslop; architect David Vanhoy; contractor D.D. Ford; and the city's Waterfront Department and Historic Landmarks Commission.
Santa Barbara Beautiful is an organization of volunteers dedicated to beautifying the area in a variety of ways. Its annual awards celebration will be at 4 p.m. Sunday at the Music Academy of the West. For more information, click here or call 805.965.8867.
Chuck's Waterfront Grill serves lunch and dinner daily on the deck. Click here for more information.
— Steve Hyslop is a managing partner for Chuck's Waterfront Grill.
A year after he broke his foot on the last practice run at this same U.S. Grand Prix event at Copper Mountain Resort, it seemed to be déjà vu all over again on Sunday for Chris Corning of Silverthorne.
During the Sunday morning practice run for the Grand Prix snowboard big air final at Copper, the goofy-stance riding Corning fell and injured his left hip and lower back.
Coveting a podium finish to bolster his hopes to qualify for the first ever Olympic Big Air competition in Pyeongchang, South Korea in two months, dropping out was not an option for the 18-year-old Corning.
"I was just like, 'I just have to ride, dude.'" Corning said. "'I can't let this place get to me twice.' So I just made a choice: 'I'm going to ride through it. It's fine. Nothing's broken so, just work through the pain.'"
Corning initially, when fully healthy, had a bit of a different initial approach and plan for Sunday's Big Air finals. Beat up and struggling to rotate as efficiently as he wanted to, Corning's plans changed: He'd aim for two runs strong enough to get him on the podium. And if he could pull it off in the first two runs, he'd be able to rest his body and sit out a third run.
Oh, and the snowboarder known for his compact and explosive power and amplitude would have to go higher.
"I kind of just went straighter than normal (due to the injury)," Corning said, "so I went bigger."
Corning went big enough to take second place Sunday despite the shooting pain down his left core. The Grand Prix championship was won by Mons Roisland of Norway, who soared to a 93.50 on his first run to take control of the final before winning it with a total score of 182.75. Corning's fellow American Chandler Hunt of California scored 159.00 to take third place.
Corning registered a second place finish thanks to his first two runs, which totaled up for a score of 177.25. And it was his second run and its impressive judges' tally of 91.50 that carried the day. He executed it despite the pain on takeoff and while landing.
"And in the air you're just thinking about it," Corning said of the first time injury. "Oh, my back hurts.' But go and land and just kind of praying you can hold your leg and body up from the impact."
Corning sent the pseudo-home crowd at Copper's Main Vein course into a frenzy when he landed that second run, a backside, triple cork 14.
When he landed it, a certain trio in the first row of the assembled crowd at the base of the jump erupted in applause. It was Corning's father Brook, mother Laura and friend T.J. Tropsa of Silverthorne.
Well aware of Chris' drive to make the Olympic team and perform well in Pyeongchang, mom and dad knew how much sticking that landing meant to their son, especially considering the day's events.
"That was very exciting," Brook Corning said moments after. "It was a big deal. Got him all the way up from fifth up to second. It was huge.
"A huge run," Laura echoed.
"He wants this," Corning's mother continued. "He's got a lot of drive when he wants something."
"The dude's an animal," Tropsa added. "He went out there and he sends it to the moon. I don't know many people that can go out there hurt, and he sent it. He went absolutely massive."
Then, Corning's Silverthorne snowboarding buddy shared some free advice.
"Anyone who doesn't know this kid needs to follow him," Tropsa said, "because he's going to bring home the gold — Pyeongchang. He's bringing it home."
"Steezy" and "massive" were the two words Laura used to describe her son's smooth snowboarding style, one he provided a glimpse of Sunday despite the sudden injury.
Tropsa added further color.
"His pop is explosive," Tropsa said. "No one attacks stuff like he does. He goes into it with power and then just, 'pop!'"
Corning's fellow second place finisher on the day, Big Air snowboarder Julia Marino of Connecticut, walked away in awe of Corning's performance as well. In the ladies competition, Marino finished behind Grand Prix champion Reira Iwabuchi of Japan (169.25) and ahead of third place finisher Silje Norendal of Norway (156.75).
"He's so insane," Marino said of Corning. "He's so strong and so talented. And he stomps a perfect back triple at pretty much the furthest you can go on the jump with no problem. I think you couldn't even tell that he hurt his back because it was so clean."
Sunday's second place finish was massive for Corning's Olympic hopes as he previously had yet to podium in a Big Air Olympic qualifying event. The injury at Copper last year was partially to blame, as it affected his season leading into the first Olympic qualifier at Mammoth Mountain in California last winter.
In order to qualify for the Olympic team via the objective criteria, athletes like Corning and Hunt needed to have at least one podium finish against the competition field in the selection events, such as this week's competition at Copper.
The U.S. slopestyle and big air team will de determined through five selection events, the final three of which take place at the Breckenridge Dew Tour this coming week, the Aspen Grand Prix from Jan. 10-13 and the return to the Mammoth Grand Prix from Jan. 17-20, a year after the first qualifier event.
If three or fewer U.S. athletes meet the criteria, those athletes will automatically be named to the Olympic team. If four or more athletes have at least one podium finish, then those athletes will be assigned ranking points based on their two best results from the selection events.
And though he wanted more on Sunday, Corning left Copper content.
"I came into the day wanting a podium and a top American finish," he said, "and I ended up achieving it. Maybe not in the way I wanted to, but it works out."
Children have been forced to cross a dangerous raging river to get school after it was swollen by monsoon rain in India.
Footage shows the students from Chamba in the Himachal Pradesh state helping each other across the fast-flowing river which is running down a rocky slope in the mountainous region, metro.co.uk wrote.
Crossing the river can reportedly take as long as 40 minutes as the children have to tread carefully so that they don't slip over.
Older children can be seen carrying smaller children on their back during the mile journey to their school.
Deendyal Sharma, who lives in the village of 400 people, told The Times of India: “There is a lot of grass and vegetation on the slippery footpaths in the village. Risk of snakes and flashflood is always there. We remain worried mainly for our girls.”
The issue has since been raised with the local district authority who said they will look into the matter.
The construction of a temporary bridge across the river began 10 years ago but only two pillars were built before work stopped.
Sudesh Mokhta, deputy commissioner of Chamba, told the Times instructions had been issued to complete the work.
The children aren't the only ones who face a difficult journey to get to school in the region.
In an interview with India TV News one girl said often adults aren't available to help: “My clothes get wet, I have to untie my shoes, and my books get wet.”
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
iStock/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) — The shooting at the Republican congressional baseball team's practice Wednesday in Virginia has reignited a long-simmering debate on Capitol Hill this year about the threats against members and increasing security.
For months, Republicans have expressed concerns about safety at town hall events. In February, Rep. Dave Reichert (R-Wash.), a former sheriff, briefed House Republicans on safety measures for district offices amid health care protests.
Rep. Al Green (D-Texas) has recently faced death threats after calling for Trump's impeachment on the House floor.
Rep. André Carson (D-Ind.), one of two Muslim-American members of Congress, told ABC News he “regularly” receives death threats.
Both Democrats, along with other members, receive local law enforcement protection at home.
Members on both sides of the aisle reported a new series of threats Wednesday after the shooting, prompting new debate about whether members need additional security.
Green told ABC News that the House Sergeant at Arms and Capitol Police leadership briefed members Wednesday morning on security in the closed-door session, and questions about adding protection to members in Washington and at home were raised.
“There's an evaluation in terms of what the security needs are,” Green said.
Some Democrats reported threatening calls to their offices after the shooting.
“A lot of members are talking about receiving calls in their offices that the ‘Dems are next',” Carson told ABC News after the closed-door meeting Wednesday afternoon.
Rep. Claudia Tenney (R-N.Y.) received a threatening email Wednesday morning after the shooting, where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) was injured, according to an aide.
“Did you not expect this? When you take away ordinary people's very lives in order to pay off the wealthiest among us, your own lives are forfeit. Certainly, your souls and morality were lost long before. Good riddance,” the note reads. Tenney's office reported the note to Capitol Police.
Rep. Pat Meehan (R-Penn.) said the shooting has raised questions about future events, including the upcoming congressional picnic at the White House.
“You're going to have members and families, and oftentimes there are long lines and you have lines of members of Congress just sitting outside exposed,” he said.
Rep. Barry Loudermilk (R-Ga.), who was at the practice Wednesday and tended to Scalise, suggested members should be allowed “reciprocity” for concealed carry in Washington.
“If this had happened in Georgia, it wouldn't have gotten too far. I had a staff member in his car, maybe 20 yards behind the shooter pinned in his car, who, back in Georgia, carries a 9mm in his car,” Loudermilk said. “He had a clear shot.”
Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.) told WKBW, an ABC affiliate in Buffalo, New York, that he would also consider carrying a gun in public after Wednesday.
“I have a carry permit. I will be carrying when I'm out and about,” Collins said.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Plenty of people are unhappy with the alignment of the teeth at the front of their mouth.
[GLASGOW, 04/07/2018] – Looking at photos of themselves online, or looking in the mirror at home, they know that their smile would be improved by a straighter set of teeth. Available now in Glasgow at Park Orthodontics, Six Month Smiles is a method of greatly improving a person's appearance by making relatively minor adjustments to their front teeth.
Six Month Smiles at Park Orthodontics: How it Works
Before having Six Month Smiles, the patient must first have a talk with the team at Park Orthodontics. The dentist at Park Orthodontics will assess the oral health of the patient and have a good look at their teeth. If Six Month Smiles is the right way to bring about the changes the patient wants, they'll start wearing the appliance according to a careful treatment plan set out by Park Orthodontics.
Six Month Smiles uses transparent and tooth-coloured materials. This feature vastly reduces the visual impact it makes when the patient opens their mouth. It slowly applies pressure to the teeth over a short period, usually around six months, hence its name. Treatment time with Six Month Smiles at Park Orthodontics is short because it makes minor adjustments to a few teeth, rather than complex changes. The dentist at Park Orthodontics will always tell the patient how long treatment takes, before their time wearing Six Month Smiles begins.
Social Advantages
Six Month Smiles treatment at Park Orthodontics is set up according to meticulous measurements of the patient's teeth. It's a comfortable fit, and its low-key construction means it won't cause the kinds of potential embarrassment associated with other, more visible braces. Once the patient has stopped wearing Six Month Smiles, they'll be given a retainer by the dentist at Park Orthodontics to wear while they sleep. This ensures their newly-repositioned teeth get used to their improved orientations.
Visual Benefits
Straighter teeth make for a more aesthetically pleasant smile. A better feeling about one's self-image can result from an improvement in dental alignment. Teeth also do their jobs more easily when they're brought into more effective positions. Plus, they're easier for the patient to keep clean.
Visit http://www.parkorthodontics.co.uk today.
The group of people trapped on a walking track in Piha when floodwaters cut them off from their cars wandered for hours in the rain trying to find a way out.
Colin Ennor and his friends, two of whom were from Mexico and have only been in New Zealand for two days, were caught out by sudden flooding during an easy stroll to the Kitekite falls.
They were among about 20 people who were stranded on the set of walking tracks when thunderstorms struck Piha, flooding homes and businesses and setting cars afloat.
A washed out bridge near Falls Rd. Photo / Brittany Keogh
"It turned from a gentle stroll in our jandals and T-shirts into a three hour experience of survival," said Ennor, who described huddling together with other groups of trapped walkers for warmth during the ordeal.
Advertisement
The walk to the waterfall from the carpark was only about half an hour, he said.
"As soon as we got there it's starting raining really heavily."
The group decided to head back to the car, but soon discovered what had been a low, nearly dry creek less than an hour earlier was now a raging torrent that would have been over their heads had they tried to cross.
"The river had risen so high that there was no way out, as in, like, the river was above your head if you even tried to get through it."
Over the next few hours as the group tried to find another way out, they banded together with three other groups, making up about 18 people in total.
"We ended up walking for about two hours because we couldn't find a way out. Everywhere we went to walk was completely blocked by flooding. After walking for another hour and a half we ended up standing, trying to figure out how to get out of there."
Colin Ennor (left) and his partner Sergio Lopez were among the group of people who became stranded on a Piha walking track after sudden flooding left them cut off from the carpark. Photo/supplied
The raging torrent was too dangerous to cross.
The group spent an hour trying to find a spot where they had cellphone reception to call for help, and when they did only one person's cellphone was able to get one bar.
"The group was all wet and cold and shivering. Everyone was freezing cold."
The group huddled together with people wearing jackets on the outside and people wearing only t-shirts on the inside. Ennor was starting to worry some of the group would become hypothermic.
"We were all laughing and carrying on because we thought it was funny, but in reality everyone was freezing."
The police told them to stay put, but one member of the group was a mountain runner from Canada, who chose to run all the different tracks to see if he could find an exit that wasn't blocked by flooding.
When the runner managed to find a way out, it took the group another hour to get to safety, with many ended up battered and bruised from repeatedly falling over on the slippery track.
"At that stage people were shivering uncontrollably."
Photo of the nearby flooding in Piha. Photo / Mark Kessner
After speaking to the police the group were heading home this evening.
Ennor said they were hungry and desperately wanted hot showers and a chance to relax.
Kevin Patrick Hobbs is a bright and talented specialist who has impressive experience already in his resume and will be an asset to your company if you are searching for people who will bring your business to the top level.
Nowadays, operating a company is not easy from many perspectives, the competition on the market, unstable financial sector, bureaucracy, and incompetent employees. Mentioned above are just a few aspects why your production line or services offered might not have a crazy demand in your niche.
Therefore, there are plenty of webpages where you can view all potential candidates for your opened possession. AngelList is one of those places where qualified people meet in order to recruit or find a job. It is a spectacular website that you will fall in love with, you should immediately stop digging an inbox full of resumes, just connect with high quality potential employees in one click. Kevin Patrick Hobbs is one of the experienced pro who you can reach out to and find all of his prior achievements on his page. He is a founder of three companies that are well recognized on the market and if you have a startup project, then he is the one you need. Kevin is founder of Genisys Project that uses the technology behind Bitcoin to disrupt financial services. Another group that he founded is The Vanbex Group, who work on digital currency, blockchain protocols, and decentralized technology. Finally yet importantly of Kevin's creations is Etherparty, which visually creates smart contracts. As you can see from Mr. Hobbs' prior experience he is truly dedicated and qualified worker who you want to be on your team.
Forget long and boring interviews that do not bring any result, start using appropriate ways in finding personnel for your firm. On AngelList you will find only professional people, just as Kevin Hobbs is, there are no catches. The main purpose of this webpage is to help people connect with each other for their own benefits. If you are an employer, this must become your bookmark that you often go to and find ambitious and creative people who are on a search for new opportunities.
About Kevin Patrick Hobbs:
Kevin Patrick Hobbs is a highly qualified and demanded professional in IT domain who has substantial experience in creating useful apps and groups. Do not hesitate and see all of his achievements today on AngelList, amazing website that offers a great list of specialists in various domains looking for an interesting and prosperous career.
Contact:
Company: Vanbex Group
Contact Name: Lisa Cheng
Address: 789 West 50th ave, Vancouver, BC, V6P 1A4, Canada
Phone: 604-379-9032
Email: K@vanbex.com
Website: https://angel.co/kevin-hobbs-1
Oklahoma House Minority Leader Scott Inman (D-Del City) unveiled on Thursday what he said was the largest bipartisan budget deal in nearly three decades. Later in the day, Gov. Mary Fallin announced in no uncertain terms that a deal had not been reached.
“If there's only one person at the altar, there's no marriage,” Fallin said.
“She invited us to the altar. We said yes. If she is having cold feet, the people of Oklahoma are in serious trouble,” Inman replied in a Tweet.
Capitol Insider with KGOU's Dick Pryor and eCapitol news director Shawn Ashley
Inman branded his plan as the Bipartisan Oklahoma Plan in his press conference. He said it combined revenue-raising measures Republicans wanted with ones that Democrats wanted to come up with the deal.
"It's a plan that is not my plan…it's a plan that is not Governor Fallin's plan, not the Speaker of the House's plan nor is it the Pro Tem of the Senate's plan, but it's a combination of all the different ideas and concepts that each of the leaders in this building have called for," he said.
The plan includes a $1.50 per pack cigarette tax, six cent per gallon fuel tax increase, elimination of the sales tax exemption for wind energy, a series of taxes on luxury services items, increasing the gross production tax to 5 percent on new wells and removing income tax cuts on high earners.
Fallin put the idea that a grand bargain had been reached to bed in her own press conference later in the day.
"Let me just start out by stating bluntly, there is no budget deal," Fallin said. "First off, if I had reached a budget deal, I would have announced it."
eCaptiol news director Shawn Ashley told KGOU up until now, no one person seems to be in charge of negotiating a budget deal.
But he thinks Fallin's press conference may have been a turning point.
“I think she was saying 'I'm now taking the reins' and will be leading these negotiations,” Ashley said. “She said she was disappointed that after two weeks of the special legislative session, nothing had been accomplished.”
Ashley also says a teacher pay raise appears to still be one the table.
Full Transcript
Dick Pryor: This is Capitol Insider, an insider's guide to Oklahoma politics policy and special sessions. I'm Dick Pryor with eCapitol news director Shawn Ashley who has been chasing the ups and downs of the state budget crisis for months.
Scott Inman : "The biggest bipartisan compromise legislation in 27 years."
Gov. Mary Fallin: "There is no budget deal. And I want to make that very clear."
Inman: "It's the only plan, the only bipartisan plan."
Fallin: "If there's only one person at the altar, there is no marriage."
Pryor: Shawn, negotiators have been talking but it's sounding like a game show, Deal or No Deal or a movie Groundhog Day. Where do the budget negotiations stand?
Shawn Ashley: Well, it's very much deja vu all over again. We have seen that they have yet to reach an agreement. They seem far apart on a number of important issues. And with two weeks gone in the special legislative session after they only met about two and a half days, really nothing's been accomplished.
Pryor: Are there any ideas for fixing the budget crisis that you can say with certainty, 'the House, Senate and governor agree on this?'
Ashley: About the only thing you can say is that they agree that something needs to be done. In terms of the proposals that they will use to address the budget hole that resulted from the tobacco cessation fee being found unconstitutional, they have yet to come down on the same page.
Pryor: House Democrats have said there is a bipartisan agreement and actually trotted out some ideas that they said everyone could agree on.
Ashley: And then the governor came forth and said there is no deal. House Minority Leader Scott Inman outlined a plan that would include increasing the tobacco tax. It would also include increasing the motor fuel tax and making some changes to the income tax and of course a 5 percent gross production tax on new wells. But at the end of the day, Gov. Mary Fallin said that that was in fact not an agreement, that she had not agreed to that and the other parties involved in this process have not agreed as well.
Pryor: So, who is driving negotiations?
Ashley: Everyone seems to have their own plan. I would not say that any one group has controlled negotiations thus far.
Pryor: Sometimes nuance is important. The governor made a potentially telling statement on Thursday.
Ashley: I think she did. I think those of us in the press sort of missed this comment because we were reacting to her saying that there's not a deal. I think she was saying 'I'm now taking the reins' and will be leading these negotiations. She indicated that she had not made a deal with House Democratic Leader Imnan and that if a deal was reached, she would be the one to announce it, that she would be taking that lead in doing so.
Pryor: It's often said politicians think about the next election, statesmen think about the next generation. Are you seeing any signs of statesmanship growing at the Capitol?
Ashley: If it's happening it's happening behind the scenes. We're not seeing it out front or at least we weren't until Gov. Mary Fallin made her statement where again, she seemed to take the reins in the budget negotiations. She said she was disappointed that after two weeks of the special legislative session, nothing had been accomplished. I think she is now prepared to lead those negotiations and lead them toward a resolution of this problem.
Pryor: Shawn, besides filling the $250 million budget hole, what else appears to be a priority now?
Ashley: One thing that remains out there seems to be a teacher pay raise. In Gov. Mary Fallin statement, she specifically referenced that in terms of filling the budget hole, putting the budget on a more stable path and providing a teacher pay raise.
Pryor: The state continues to have budget problems. But according to state treasurer Ken Miller the Oklahoma economy keeps showing strength.
Ashley: Ken Miller reported, as he does each month, on the total state collections and what we saw in those numbers, that for the sixth consecutive month they have improved over the numbers of one year ago. We saw increases in income tax, gross production taxes and sales taxes. The one area where tax collections lagged was motor vehicle taxes and that's rather interesting as Pat Macfarren with CMA Strategies pointed out on Twitter, this was the one area where lawmakers raised taxes during the past legislative session, the sales tax on motor vehicle purchases. And we saw that overall collections declined. So perhaps the legislature impacted the economy there.
Pryor: Or perhaps it's an outlier.
Ashley: It very well could be. Motor vehicle collections are often cyclical and are hard to estimate and project.
Pryor: That's Capital Insider. Catch us on KGOU.org and get the Capital Insider podcast on iTunes. Until next time, with Sean Ashley, I'm Dick Pryor.
Copyright © 2017 KGOU Radio. No quotes from the materials contained herein may be used in any media without attribution to KGOU Radio. This transcript is provided for personal, noncommercial use only. Any other use requires KGOU's prior permission.
KGOU transcripts are created on a rush deadline by our staff, and accuracy and availability may vary. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Please be aware that the authoritative record of KGOU's programming is the audio.
Capitol Insider is a collaborative news project between KGOU and eCapitol. Music provided by Astral Planes. As a community-supported news organization, KGOU relies on contributions from readers and listeners to fulfill its mission of public service to Oklahoma and beyond. Donate online, or by contacting our Membershipdepartment. eCapitol is legislative news and bill tracking service. Online content is available via subscription.
Serzh Sargsyan, who ruled Armenia for 10 years, resigned as Prime Minister yesterday after thousands of people poured into the streets to protest his political manoeuvring to cling to power in the former Soviet republic.
The stunning development touched off jubilation in the capital of Yerevan, with car horns blaring and people dancing, hugging and waving the Armenian flag. The Opposition called for a meeting with the acting Prime Minister to discuss a "peaceful transfer of power".
Sargsyan, 63, was President of the Caucasus mountains nation from 2008 until term limits forced him out in March. But Parliament, which is controlled by his party, voted to reduce the powers of the presidency and give them to the prime minister, ultimately installing Sargsyan in that post last week.
The move echoed a manoeuvre a decade ago by Russian President Vladimir Putin, Armenia's closest ally. Leaders of other former Soviet republics, from Belarus to Central Asia, have similarly extended their terms.
Advertisement
The Parliament's action had triggered massive anti-government protests in Yerevan since April 13, with demonstrators blocking government buildings and facing off with police. A rally on Sunday attracted about 50,000 people, and about 200 soldiers joined the protesters on Monday.
Protest leader Nikol Pashinian met on Sunday with Sargsyan, who walked out of the session after Pashinian refused to talk about anything but the Prime Minister's resignation. Pashinian was arrested but later released.
In the resignation announcement posted on his website, Sargsyan said he should not have resisted the Opposition's demands.
"Nikol Pashinian was right. I was wrong," Sargsyan said. "The movement on the streets is against my rule. I'm complying with their demands."
The Government quickly named former Prime Minister Karen Karapetian as acting Prime Minister. A Sargsyan ally, he also was mayor of Yerevan and worked in Russia for five years as a top executive of the state-controlled gas giant Gazprom.
Pashinian told an evening rally of tens of thousands of people at Republic Square in Yerevan that Opposition activists want to meet with Karapetian today to discuss a "peaceful transfer of power". The Opposition will push for an early parliamentary election to prevent Sargsyan from running Armenia from behind the scenes, Pashinian said.
Alexander Iskanderian, director of the Caucasus Institute in Yerevan, said the protests pushed Sargsyan into a corner: "The protests in the past couple of days have swelled to a point that you either had to use violence or find another way out," Iskanderian said.
Russian officials and state television have been cautious in commenting on the political crisis in Armenia.
In the past, Moscow has decried anti-government rallies and so-called "colour revolutions" in neighbouring post-Soviet nations as examples of hostile Western interference.
In what appeared to be the first official Russian reaction, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova lauded Sargsyan's decision as a move to unify the nation.
"The people who have the strength to keep respect toward each other despite crucial differences and stay united even in the most difficult moments of its history is a great people," Zakharova wrote on her Facebook account. "Armenia, Russia is always with you!"
When Sargsyan switched to the prime minister's job, his ally Armen Sarkisian, a former Prime Minister and ambassador to Britain, was elected President. Sarkisian was seen as an unofficial Sargsyan appointee.
- AP
PIQUA — “Come Dance With Me,” featuring Frank Sings Frank from Virginia Beach, Va., is coming to Piqua as a fundraiser on Thursday, May 10 at the Fort Piqua Plaza Ballroom.
Mark Reedy, Spencer Peltier and friends of The Western Ohio Thrivent Financial Community will present the fundraiser, which will benefit the Family Abuse Shelter of Miami County, the Darke County Shelter from Violence and the New Choices Shelter of Shelby County.
Seat reservations can be made by calling 778-1353, or stopping by 429 N. Main St., Piqua, or by seeing a board member of the three recipient organizations, and at Buecker, Davis, Gunter Law Firm, 306 W. High St., Piqua, or Hallmark 430 N. Main St, Piqua.
“We are looking forward to an exciting evening of dinner, entertainment and dancing to the sounds of ‘Frank Sings Frank' from Virginia Beach, Virginia,” Reedy said.
Frank, the performer, has memorized hundreds of Frank Sinatra songs, as well as many other artists. Frank performs a Frank Sinatra tribute act, where he will immediately mingle with the crowd, and perhaps choose a partner or two to dance with.
Tickets are $35 for the dinner and performance of “Frank Sings Frank” also known as “Mom's Night Out (With You)!” and it will take place beginning with (a cash bar) fellowship at 5 p.m., dinner at 6 p.m., and the entertainment begins at 7 p.m.
This is a semi-formal event.
“Once again, we look forward to giving back to our communities, specifically shelters in our three-county area, this time. We have been blessed by helping the Bethany Center, the Salvation Army and honoring first responders in the first year of our Western Ohio community,” Peltier said.
The events leading to Michael Flynn's resignation as national security adviser accelerated this week, with constant new updates about what he said, to whom and when. But the path to that step has been unfolding since at least last summer. Here's a timeline of key events that eventually led to the resignation of a top presidential adviser less than one month into the Trump administration.
June through November 2016
Early in the summer, the Washington Post reports that hackers in the Russian government have breached the Democratic National Committee. Sources from the DNC and security experts tell the Post that the hackers had access to opposition research on Trump, as well as internal emails and chats.
In late July, WikiLeaks posts a searchable database of more than 19,000 emails stolen from the DNC computer servers. Compromising information in the emails leads to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC chair.
Donald Trump, meanwhile, eggs the Russians on.
"Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing," he says.
Trump repeatedly downplays the hacks in the coming months, saying in a debate that China or "somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds" could have been behind the breaches. Days after the U.S. intelligence community says it's "confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails," Trump dismisses concerns about the breach.
"You ever notice anything that goes wrong, they blame Russia? 'Russia did it.' They have no idea," he says in a speech.
Nov. 8, 2016
Donald Trump wins the presidential election.
Nov. 18, 2016
President-elect Trump announces that Flynn will be his national security adviser. Flynn, it is later reported, had been in contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the election.
Dec. 9, 2016
Then-President Obama orders a "full review" of digital attacks aimed at influencing U.S. elections, going back to 2008.
The Washington Post reports that the CIA has determined that the Russian government was seeking to help Trump win the election.
The Trump transition office issues a statement:
"These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction," the statement says. "The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history. [Note: This is incorrect.] It's now time to move on and 'Make America Great Again.' "
Dec. 12, 2016
Trump tweets: "Unless you catch 'hackers' in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?"
Dec. 15, 2016
Trump tweets, "If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?"
Secretary of State John Kerry says on CNN that then-President Obama did issue a warning about Russian hacking, but he also "had to be obviously sensitive to not being viewed as interfering on behalf of a candidate or against a candidate or in a way that promoted unrealistic assessments about what was happening."
Obama tells NPR's Steve Inskeep that the U.S. will strike back against Russia, one way or another, in response to that country's attempts to influence the U.S. election.
"I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections, that we need to take action," he says. "And we will — at a time and place of our own choosing. Some of it may be explicit and publicized; some of it may not be."
He added, "But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this, because I spoke to him directly about it."
Dec. 25, 2016
Flynn and Kislyak exchange text messages wishing each other happy holidays (per remarks later made by Sean Spicer on Jan. 13, 2017).
Dec. 29, 2016
Obama ejects 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and introduces new sanctions against Russia's Federal Security Service, the FSB; the country's main foreign intelligence agency, known as the GRU; along with four GRU officers and three companies that did business with GRU.
In addition, the Obama administration announces it will be closing down two compounds in the U.S. it says were "used by Russian personnel for intelligence-related purposes."
Dec. 29 is also when the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak regarding sanctions took place (this story would break on Jan. 12, 2017). According to a Washington Post story from Feb. 9, two officials "said that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama, making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president."
Jan. 6, 2017
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified report finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election and that a major part of that was the hacking of emails at the Democratic National Committee.
"Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him," the report says. The authors added that "Russia's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process."
Trump meets with intelligence officials for a briefing on the report's contents. Afterward, he releases a statement lumping Russia in with China and "other countries" and insisting that the hacking had "absolutely no effect" on the election's outcome:
"While Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee, there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines."
However, as then-Intelligence Director James Clapper had told John McCain just one day earlier, it's impossible to know the impact: "Certainly the intelligence community can't gauge the impact that it had on choices that the electorate made. There is no way for us to gauge that."
Jan. 10, 2017
Then-Attorney General nominee (and Alabama Sen.) Jeff Sessions says in his confirmation hearing that he "has no reason to doubt" the report's conclusions tying Putin to the DNC hack.
Jan. 11, 2017
In his confirmation hearing, then-Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson acknowledges that he thinks it's "a fair assumption" that Putin had knowledge of the plot to influence the U.S. election. He also adds that the intelligence report on Russian hacking "clearly is troubling."
Jan. 12, 2017
The Washington Post's David Ignatius reports that "a senior U.S. government official, Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29," the same day that the Obama administration announced the new sanctions and removal of Russian diplomats.
Jan. 13, 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer says that a conversation took place between Flynn and Kislyak, but that the conversation was on Dec. 28, and that it wasn't about sanctions.
He says that Kislyak texted Flynn on the 28th, asking if he could give Flynn a call. Kislyak then called that day, and according to Spicer, "the call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after he was sworn in, and they exchanged logistical information on how to initiate and schedule that call. That was it, plain and simple."
This later proves to be untrue, as two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR that a call took place on Dec. 29.
Jan. 15, 2017
Officials from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies discuss "whether the incoming Trump White House should be notified about the contents of the Flynn-Kislyak communications," as the Washington Post has reported.
Later that day, on CBS's Face the Nation, Vice President Pence says the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had nothing to do with sanctions.
"What I can confirm, having spoken to him about it, is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions," Pence said.
Upon further questioning from John Dickerson, Pence added, "I don't believe there were more conversations" as well as "I can confirm those elements were not a part of that discussion."
After the Pence interview, the Post reports, the Justice and intelligence officials thought the issue was "more urgent ... because U.S. intelligence agencies had reason to believe that Russia was aware that Flynn and Kislyak had discussed sanctions in their December call, contrary to public statements."
Jan. 19, 2017
According to the Washington Post, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, DNI James Clapper and CIA Director John Brennan discuss whom in the administration should be briefed on the Flynn-Kislyak communications.
Jan. 26, 2017
The Justice Department notifies the White House counsel of discrepancies between what Flynn and Pence had claimed about the phone call between Flynn and Kislyak, as Spicer later reports at a Feb. 14 White House press briefing.
Feb. 8, 2017
In an interview, Flynn twice denies having discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to the Washington Post.
Feb. 9, 2017
A Flynn spokesman says that the retired lieutenant general "indicated that while he had no recollection of discussing sanctions, he couldn't be certain that the topic never came up," according to the Post.
This is also the day Pence "became aware of the incomplete information he'd received ... based on media accounts," according to Pence press secretary Marc Lotter, who spoke to reporters on Feb. 14.
Feb. 13, 2017
Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn "does enjoy the full confidence of the president."
Later in the day, Spicer says that Trump is "evaluating the situation" regarding Flynn.
That night, Flynn resigns as national security adviser. In a statement, he admits accidental wrongdoing:
"Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology."
The White House announces that retired Lt. Gen. Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. will be acting national security adviser.
Feb. 14, 2017
Spicer says that 17 days prior, White House Counsel Donald McGahn had told the president that Flynn had been wrong when he told Pence he hadn't discussed sanctions with Kislyak, as reported by the New York Times.
At a press briefing, Spicer says of the resignation, "We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue," adding that Trump was "concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others."
Politico reports that there's still more to come on the Flynn story, according to the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee:
"Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) told House Democrats Tuesday that the recent revelations about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn's conversations with the Russians are only the beginning, and more information will surface in the coming days, according to multiple sources in a closed party meeting."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell indicates that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn's contacts with Russian officials, and Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., a member of the intelligence committee, says Flynn should meet with the committee "very soon."
With reporting from Barbara Van Woerkom
Welcome to the weekend Derby County fans! It's the international break so we unfortunately don't have any Rams action to bring you.
There have been plenty of talking points over the past seven days – and we have picked out the three most-read Rams-related articles from this week.
3) EFL chief admits long distance games in midweek is a 'deliberate act'
The chief executive of the Football League has admitted that arranging long-distance midweek fixtures is a "deliberate act".
Derby County have already faced a 256-mile-round trip to Brentford on a Tuesday evening, as well as a 314-mile round trip to face Sunderland on a Friday night.
"We make that scheduling choice to get bigger games at weekends because that provides better atmosphere and increases gate revenue for clubs," Shaun Harvey told BBC Radio 5 Live.
READ THE FULL STORY HERE
2) Gary Rowett explains his decision to recall Johnny Russell to the Derby County team
Gary Rowett explained his decision to recall Johnny Russell to Derby County's team for the goalless draw at Cardiff.
Russell had been left out of the squad for the previous two games against Birmingham City and Brentford despite being fit.
READ THE FULL STORY HERE
1) Derby County striker Chris Martin has been set this challenge by manager Gary Rowett
Chris Martin has been set a challenge by Derby County boss Gary Rowett.
"I want Chris to almost force me to start him because we know what great quality he has got," said Rowett following the impact made by Martin in Saturday's goalless draw against Championship leaders Cardiff City.
READ THE FULL STORY HERE
HOLLYWOOD, Fla. (AP) – A Florida nursing home that had 12 patients die after Hurricane Irma has laid off 245 workers.
The Sun Sentinel reported the layoffs Friday for the Rehabilitation Center at Hollywood Hills. The facility was evacuated last month, several days after the storm damaged the electric transformer that powered the facility's air conditioning. State officials later suspended their license, and owners eventually closed the facility permanently.
The layoffs include 79 certified nursing assistants, 37 licensed practical nurses, 23 occupational or physical therapists, 18 registered nurses, 25 environmental or laundry workers, 10 administrative assistants, five doctors, and others who worked in activities, dietary aid, engineering and supplies.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Around the new millennium, when Metallica was trying to sink digital music piracy, college-aged acoustic rock trio Dispatch was sailing it across the country.
Formed in 1996, frontman Chad Stokes, bassist Pete Heimbold and drummer Brad Corrigan had been grinding out its up-tempo ballads in obscurity for years at the smaller stages in clubs like The Middle East in Boston and The Wetlands in New York City's Tribeca neighborhood. (Though based in Boston, drummer Brad Corrigan hails from Denver and maintains: “We're a Colorado band.”)
Then, in 2000, right as the band cracked headlining gigs at those venues' bigger stages, Dispatch got a strange invitation from across the country. Despite having never played out West before (and, as a completely independent project, having no marketing presence there), Pomona College in California wanted the band to play a spring festival. Dumbfounded, but grateful, Dispatch took the offer.
At the show, hundreds of college-aged fans had already committed the band's songs to heart. The band was winding down in a classroom-turned-dressing room when the student who organized the show let them in on what millions of internet music nerds already knew. Their song “The General” was an early viral hit on Napster, the now-famous peer-to-peer file-sharing program that kick-started the revolution of online music.
“If you think about that word, ‘Napster,' it's (strange),” drummer Corrigan said in a phone interview. “We said, ‘We don't know what that is, but we're into it.' “
Two decades after it was recorded, “The General” is still Dispatch's calling card. But even that song couldn't crack mainstream success, which led to Corrigan's own distinction of Dispatch as “the biggest band nobody's heard of.” Counterintuitively, while “The General” was internet famous, its latest single “Only The Wild Ones,” is its first radio darling. The song not only charted on triple-A radio in March, but also has been climbing ever since. Two weeks ago, it cracked the top 20 for national airplay.
“It's so freaking cool,” Corrigan said of the band's first taste of radio success. “You can't buy it. It feels like we're crossing another boundary.”
On the heels of that success, Dispatch will launch its first major multiseason tour since 2001 with two shows in the Denver area: the first at the Ogden Theatre on June 15, and the second, a headlining spot at Red Rocks — its first show there in six years — on June 16.
Ahead of those gigs, we talked to Corrigan about the clash of egos that caused the band to break up in 2004, its surprisingly political new album, and why the band will be touring without one of its original members for the first time in 20 years.
The band is taking to the road without bassist Pete Heimbold. As one-third of the band, how difficult is it to leave him behind?
It's hard to not have him there. For 20 years, he's been our third pillar of the band. At the same time, we wouldn't be doing what we're doing without his blessing.
Pete has struggled (with depression), and the last couple of years have been really intense. We've gone through this for a long time, just very privately. We've had a lot of meetings — Chad and his wife and Pete and his wife and our management — trying to decide: Should we not play until he's well? Or can we keep the ship moving so Pete can be really excited to return to it? It felt like that was the best plan. He's going to rejoin us in 2018.
We're also going to embrace mental wellness on our tour. Everywhere we've gone, we've talked about mental illness and depression and how important it is to de-stigmatize it. One of three people in a room would say they struggle with depression which probably actually means one in every two. People don't like to talk about it. But there's a lot of light that's coming in, and we attribute that to Pete's bravery and vulnerability.
It's been 20 years since “Bang Bang,” Dispatch's most recognizable album, and five years since you last released an album. In between, you've each grown your solo projects. What changed that made the band want to set individual careers aside and record together again?
I'd say what's the most different is the songwriting approach. On early records, Chad, Pete and I wouldn't acknowledge that one of us was team captain. There was a quiet competition over who was lead singer and who was writing the most songs. Every band has that. There has to be competition to move the band forward. When that becomes negative, it can undo the foundation of the band.
After seven years of us competing for albums, we were so pissed off at each other and all the songs we left behind that we broke up. We wanted to collect those songs (in solo projects) before they washed downstream. That's why the band broke up. Then, we realized that singing and playing together was so much different. We missed it. With this record, there was way more dedication to the process and intentionality to it. We wanted to do right by each other.
Not to be catty, but who did handle the brunt of songwriting duty on “America, Location 12”? It marks a refreshing entry in the band's catalog.
Chad wrote the entire record, compared to the old way where each one of us would have our own shapes and songs. Chad had written 31 songs in six months. If we could, we would have recorded 30 of his 31 songs. It's such a privilege to get to work with him.
It's bittersweet to not feel like we have individual things on the record. But we're trying to get away from that approach. Now, it's a matter of finding the best Dispatch songs in our midst that we can record.
It's an overtly political record, moreso than anything else the band has done. “Skin the Rabbit” hits on gun culture and the heroin epidemic, and “Rice Water” features the lyric, “We don't even need roads, I'll see you there after / Faster than the highest wall they'll build.”
We're super pissed off at the cartoon nature of our political landscape. Where we're at is everything — every breath of our being — needs to be political, but in a new way.
If we think politicians are the only folks who are corrupt in the world, and that we're not culpable in that corruption, than we're naive. What would you do if you were put in the place where your family, your community and your individual pocketbook could expand times 100 or 1,000? How selfless would you be in that place? All of us can become greedy or motivated by fear. But if you link arms with those around you and think that community is the way forward and not indivudals, than there's a way forward.
You've done some smaller shows leading up to your upcoming tour. Your audience is presumably liberally minded, but with these potentially divisive songs in hand, how have you been approaching your audience?
We want to highlight the kids at our shows, to think of them as stories. We don't want to use the stage and mike to do what has been done for years and say, “Hey, politics sucks right now.” All of us know what an interesting time it is to be alive. Let's make a commitment to live for these kids. Saying that communicated more than saying “Republicans this,” or “Democrats this.” If we can find a symbol of why we need to live collectively, let's just look at our children.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automatic Fire Sprinkler Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report APA Group, Cosco Fire Protection, Tyco International, Adams Fire Protection, Heiser Logistics, VFP Fire Systems, American Fire Technologies, Viking Group, Kaufman Fire Protection Systems, Grundfos.
The report begins with introducing the global Automatic Fire Sprinkler market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automatic Fire Sprinkler report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automatic-fire-sprinkler-market/5909/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Automatic Fire Sprinkler Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Wet Fire Sprinklers, Dry Fire Sprinklers, Deluge Fire Sprinklers, Preaction Fire Sprinklers.
Automatic Fire Sprinkler Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Residential, Commercial, Oil, Gas nd mining, Industrial and Manufacturing, Energy and Power, Transport and Logistics, Others.
Key points in the Automatic Fire Sprinkler Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automatic-fire-sprinkler-market/5909/#inquiry
From all of this Automatic Fire Sprinkler market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automatic Fire Sprinkler market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Automatic Fire Sprinkler distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Radio group Communicorp is recruiting a new direct sales director who will report to chief executive Adrian Serle. The move comes as the group, owned by Denis O'Brien, prepares to centralise its commercial operations across its Irish radio stations, Today FM, Newstalk, Spin 1038, Spin South West and 98FM.
The recruitment ad states that the direct sales director is a senior management role, with the individual responsible for leading the teams selling to direct advertisers (companies that don't use an agency to book ads).
The successful candidate will represent the group across all its radio stations and online platforms.
Communicorp last week briefed employees on a major restructuring that will see its commercial sales operation streamlined into one team.
The Communicorp One sales team currently manages advertising for the two national stations in the group, Newstalk and Today FM, while advertising for 98FM, Spin 1038 and Spin South West is generated separately by the sales house Media Central, a company related to Communicorp.
Commercial sales for all five stations will transfer either to Media Central or to Communicorp One following a tender process. It is anticipated that there will be redundancies as a result.
Communicorp last week dropped the chief executive roles at Newstalk, Today FM, Spin and 98FM.
A single chief executive will be responsible for the music stations within the group, with chief executive of Today FM Keith McCormack said to be the frontrunner for this new position. A content chief will also be appointed, primarily to oversee Newstalk.
The Kilrush man charged in connection with the fatal stabbing of 25-year-old Kilkee man Karl Haugh was yesterday further remanded in custody.
At a sitting of Ennis District Court yesterday, Robbie Walsh (21) of Island View, Kilrush appeared via video-link from Limerick prison after being last week charged with assault causing serious harm to Mr Haugh at the Marian Estate in Kilkee on August 6th contrary to Section 4 of the Non-Fatal Offences Against the Person Act 1997.
Mr Haugh sustained a single stab wound to the back and was brought by ambulance to Limerick University Hospital where he was pronounced dead at 6am on August 6th.
When charged last Monday week, Mr Walsh replied, “Nobody was meant to die that night.”
Mr Walsh failed in an application for bail last week after gardaí outlined several concerns to court if Mr Walsh were to be granted bail.
In court yesterday, Insp Tom Kennedy applied for Mr Walsh to be remanded in custody to Ennis District Court to September 6th and to appear via video-link.
Mr Walsh spoke from Limerick prison yesterday only to confirm his identity to the court and that he could see and hear the court proceedings.
Solicitor for Mr Walsh, Edel Ryan, said the remand in custody was on consent.
Judge Marie Keane remanded Mr Walsh in custody for directions from the Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) to be in court for September 6th.
The court was told last week that Mr Walsh is a drug addict and is a user of cocaine, xanax and cannabis.
Karl Haugh was the second child of the Haughs to die in tragic circumstances and last Wednesday he was buried alongside his 16-year-old sister, Stacey, at Lisdeen cemetery outside Kilkee.
Eleven-year-old Karl was given only a 20 per cent chance of living and underwent heart surgery in a crash in October 2003 that claimed the life of Stacey and her friend and neighbour, Lorna Mahoney (13).
In their letter read out mourning the loss of their only surviving child, Bridget and Joseph said to Karl: “You are with Stacey now, please give her a kiss from us.”
The couple said: “Karl, we will always love you. Our house will never be the same without you.”
In the past number of months, Karl became a father for the first time to baby Evelyn.
Michael Buffer, the smooth-talking veteran ring announcer with countless world title fights behind him, doesn't often get things wrong, but he did today at the weigh-in of Jeff Horn's world welterweight title defence against Gary Corcoran.
American Buffer was under the impression Corcoran, who goes by the nickname "Hellraiser", was called Gary Gallagher, and it was only when saying his wrong surname for the second time that he was corrected. "Corcoran, pardon me," Buffer, who has trademarked his signature "Let's get ready to rumble" phrase, said.
A titter of laughter went around the packed press conference at the Brisbane Convention Centre, the venue for tomorrow night's fight, before 73-year-old Buffer went on, seemingly unflustered as always. Spare a thought, though, for the 27-year-old Corcoran, who was set for his time in the spotlight only for Buffer to fluff his lines. The good news for him is that presumably they will be corrected before the fight.
Read more: The richest man in the ring tonight isn't Anthony Mundine or Danny Green
Read more: UFC announcer's shocking comments about female fighters
Advertisement
Both Horn and Corcoran made weight, the Australian WBO world champ tipping the scales at 66.52kg, his British opponent weighing in at 66.47kg.
Jeff Horn beat Manny Pacquiao for the WBO welterweight title in July. Photo / Photosport
Later, Horn's trainer Glenn Rushton wore a comedy clown's nose and a protection over his ears consisting of ear muffs and gloves in retaliation to Corcoran's threat to bite Horn should he lead with his head in the fight. "If there's any biting going on we think we've got that covered," Rushton said.
"They've been doing a fair bit of whinging – our cricketers have been putting up with that for years – and complaining about headbutts, but rest assured we're going to give them a fair go, we don't need any favours. We think it's a little bit of back-peddling, a little bit of an excuse, and really they should realise by now there is no back door in a boxing ring.
"Gary has been playing up for many years," Rushton, now holding a cane, said of Horn's previous profession as a school teacher, "and tomorrow the teachers are going to strike back.
"Jeff Horn is ready to deliver a caning tomorrow night against Gary Corcoran."
Patrick McKendry travelled to Brisbane with assistance from Duco Events
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — Danish inventor Peter Madsen is on trial for the killing of journalist Kim Wall in his submarine. Madsen denies killing Wall and says she died while he was on deck. However, he has admitted dismembering the 30-year-old woman's body before he "buried her at sea."
With a verdict expected Wednesday, these are some of the key moments in the case:
— Aug 10: Kim Wall goes on submarine trip with Peter Madsen. They are the only two people on the sub. It is the last time Wall is seen alive.
— Aug. 11: Major search for submarine after Wall's Danish boyfriend alerted authorities that the sub had not returned. Madsen is saved from sinking submarine south of Copenhagen. Wall is nowhere to be found. Madsen is arrested and claims Wall disembarked from the submarine to a Copenhagen island several hours into their trip.
Advertisement
— Aug. 12: Madsen appears before a pre-trial custody hearing on preliminary charges of manslaughter while police investigate. In Denmark, preliminary charges are a step short of formal charges.
— Aug. 13: The submarine is raised and brought onshore in northern Copenhagen.
— Aug 21: The dismembered torso of Wall is found at sea off Copenhagen.
— Aug. 25: Madsen also faces preliminary charges of indecent handling of a corpse.
— Aug. 23: Copenhagen police says DNA test confirms it is Wall's torso.
— Sept. 5. During a four-hour pre-trial custody hearing, Madsen claims Wall died accidentally when she hit by a 70-kilogram (155-pound) hatch on the UC3 Nautilus submarine, after which he "buried" her at sea. He later changes that claim when Wall's head is found with no skull fractures.
— Oct. 4: Police say 15 stabs found on Wall's torso, and videos of women being tortured, decapitated and killed are found on Madsen's computer. They are not produced by Madsen but considered real (so-called snuff videos).
— Oct. 7: Police announce head, two legs and clothes found in plastic bags a day earlier. Dental records help in the identification of Wall.
— Nov. 22: Left arm is found by divers in the sea south of Copenhagen. Belongs to Wall.
— Nov. 29: Right arm is found by divers in the sea south of the Danish capital. Belongs to Wall.
— Jan. 12: Police stop searching for cellphones of Wall and Madsen believed to have been thrown at sea.
— Jan. 16: Madsen is charged with murder, dismemberment and indecent handling of a corpse, among other things.
— March. 8: Trial against Madsen starts at the Copenhagen City Court where he faces a judge and two jurors.
— April 25: Last trial day. Verdict to be announced.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times Police no closer to motive for Las Vegas shootings
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It will be a very emotional day for all when the old wholesale market closes down.
A date in May has been given for the opening of the new 50-acre Wholesale Market site in Witton , which will have 55 tenants and be one of the largest integrated markets of its kind in Europe.
And the plan is for the old site on Pershore Street to close down almost simultaneously.
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
The complex transition will make it a challenging week for all concerned.
Especially as staff who have literally spent four decades working in one place will suddenly find themselves in a different part of the city when they start 2am shifts in their new home.
Eddie Price, from management consultants Technolink UK which has been helping to mastermind the switch, said: “It is going to be a very emotional day for all us.
(Image: Graham Young)
“This is a very important story for Birmingham.
"We have been working on this move for seven years.
"With trucks coming from all over Europe to the new site for the first time, there will be a degree of chaos."
When will the move be?
(Image: Graham Young)
The new market is set to begin trading at 2am on Tuesday, May 8.
Traders will be able to start filling up with stock during the week before, as well as familiarising themselves with everything the new site will entail.
Prior to a bells-and-whistles celebrity launch in June, there will be a low-key ceremony from 10am on Tuesday, May 8 to mark the opening.
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
Council leader Ian Ward will give a short speech and be accompanied by Waheed Nazir, Birmingham City Council's director of planning and regeneration.
The chairman of Birmingham Wholesale Market's fresh produce association, Mark Tate, will then respond in kind.
Mark, who also runs the country's oldest fruit and veg wholesaler, George Perry, says: “This move is a colossal event.
“Our company has been at the current wholesale market for 44 years since it opened in 1973.
(Image: Graham Young)
“And it has been in the centre of Birmingham since 1870.”
Birmingham's Wholesale Market was built on the site of the old manor House, opened in 1883.
The history of markets in Birmingham is even older – dating back more than 800 years to 1166 when the city was granted a Royal Charter
Mark adds: “It will be an emotional time, but I think that will be more than a reflective thing as everything is moving full steam ahead – we are at the stage now where we just want to get out”
What will happen next?
The Pershore Street site will close its doors to customers on the morning of Saturday, May 5.
Traders will still be able to access it during the Bank Holiday weekend to move stock and to clear their premises.
Mark's own company will have 250 pallets to transfer before it becomes the largest operator on the new site.
(Image: Graham Young)
“It would not be possible to continue to run the old market at the same time as the new one because it would just split the customers,” says Mark.
Once the traders have done, the site will be taken over by Friction Arts for six weeks which will run an arts festival to showcase 900 years of market history in Birmingham.
Nine weeks after closing, it is expected that demolition men will arrive ready to clear the site for redevelopment.
Why is the market moving?
(Image: Graham Young)
On July 16, 2011, traders were given four months' notice to quit the market – with no alternative provision in sight.
A Birmingham Mail-backed petition was signed by 200,000 people and the city council relented.
The old site was designated an enterprise zone in 2012.
But it has taken until now to find a new location and build the infrastructure.
(Image: Graham Young)
The Witton project has been dogged by delays.
Last September's target date has overrun by eight months.
But BirminghamLive had the first sneak preview of the nearly-finished linear site in February.
The 250m x 70m steel-framed building is a world away from the old market, which had several linked avenues and has looked even more tired following an arson attack in August, 2015.
(Image: Graham Young)
Mark says: “When the council wanted to shut everyone down, they were talking about a market that generates £275 million.
“I take people as I find them but I have to say that since then the deputy council leader turned council leader Ian Ward has been magnificent for us in getting this new site, while Waheed has come on board in the last 18 months to push it further along again.”
In April 2017, Birmingham City Council appointed Cushman & Wakefield to oversee plans to turn the 34-acre old site on Pershore Street into a new leisure, retail and residential destination.
The overall vision for Birmingham Smithfield is for a landmark, sustainable, mixed-use development.
It will include a market, independent retailers, restaurants, hotels, public square and residential accommodation.
A Sunday car boot market which had run on the Wholesale Market site for 40 years closed in January, 2018.
Where is the new market?
Birmingham Wholesale Market Company Ltd will be at Unit 7, The Hub, Nobel Way, Birmingham, B6 7EU.
Telephone 0203 946 0831, email info@birminghamwholesalemarket.company or visit the website here
Sharp Electronics which recently caused the biggest stir in the market with its Sharp PN-H120, a 120” 4K2K Ultra HD Display is delighted to bring to the notice of the general public that they now accept 120″ tv special orders around the globe.
The PN-H120 is the world's largest commercial LCD display which boasts a 4K Ultra HD resolution showcasing detailed text and high-resolution content. Sharp's state of the art display is also equipped with direct LED backlight technology that provides uniform brightness across the entire display and delivers breathtaking images. The 120” Ultra HD Professional Display is designed for demanding commercial installations where a 24/7 operation is required while offering ultra-crisp, ultra-detail, ultra-large and ultra-bright (750 cd/m²) display.
If you are looking to convert your living room to a theater room without the need of installing projectors or combining multiple video wall screens, Sharp 120-inch screen display is the right for you. PN-H120 can deliver 120hz (refresh rate), it is best for monitoring and surveillance or even for gaming.
Sharp PN-H120 key Specs:
• 120 inches (304.8 cm diagonal)
• Full Array, White LED Backlight
• 3840×2160 (4K) Resolution
• 120 Hz Refresh Rate
• 750 cd/m² Max Brightness
• HDMI 1.4b x5
Sharp PN-H120 is now available for special order, if you are planning to buy one, you can drop an inquiry:
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
In an order that undercuts protections for LGBT people, Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a sweeping directive to agencies Friday to do as much as possible to accommodate those who say their religious freedoms are being violated.
Gurugram, India, July 1, 2018 – Packaging Connections newsletter which was first sent
on 18th March 2005 has now completed more than 13 gold years. It has been sent to its
readers without any fail every Tuesday of the week. Among these years it has achieved
global reach of 100 thousand+ packaging professionals across 120+ countries. The
newsletter has got appreciations from many learned professionals worldwide. The original
name of the newsletter was “Good Morning Packaging” which was liked and well accepted
by everyone. To bring some change, it was renamed to “Packaging Connector” during
January 2017 till mid of year 2018. With effect from July 2018 the newsletter has got a new
name as “Packaging Ideas that Inspire”.
We mainly bring you the packaging information that could be useful to you. It may or may
not necessarily be the latest information but sometimes old ideas are also applicable in the
today's situation. So we can say that we present you packaging ideas that inspire. This is
the reason now the heading of this information bulletin has been changed to “Packaging
Ideas that inspire”, says Sandeep Goyal, CEO, Sanex Packaging Connections Pvt. Ltd. a
Sales for the 1080p and 720p model Spycrushers spy pen camera increase after positive customer feedback and news coverage.
“We appreciate how news of our spy pen camera products has spread throughout the country and overseas. Our sales across all our pen camera models have increased. We know that it is because of the outstanding news coverage and overwhelmingly positive customer feedback that has gotten us to this point,” said Ryan Anderson, President of SpyCrushers.
A pen camera, as in the case of a SpyCrushers pen camera, is a real writing executive style pen that has a secret hidden camera inside that records video, audio and takes pictures without being detected. It is a covert spying and surveillance recording device used by individuals who have a need or desire for a spy camera.
SpyCrushers President, Ryan Anderson recently spoke to a group of attendees during a press conference regarding the success of their spy pen camera line of products.
“We offer a range of spy pen cameras. We currently offer four models that range in storage size and functionality. We have a 4GB, 8GB and two 16GB storage size spy pen models. Our biggest selling spy cameras are our 16GB spy pen 1080p and 720p models,” said Anderson.
According to Anderson, the SpyCrushers 16GB 1080p Spy Pen Camera records in 1080p HD video. Takes high resolution pictures, has an audio only recording feature and can be used as a webcam. The 16GB 720p spy pen has the same features and functionality as the 1080p pen camera, but records in 720p HD video instead of 1080p.
The 1080p pen camera is available on the Spycrushers website at a $69.97 retail price. The 720p spy pen camera is also available on the Spycrushers website and is offered at $49.97.
“We have very affordable pricing for our pen cameras. We often hold sales and special discounted offers through our distribution partners like Amazon and Groupon ,” said Anderson.
Anderson went on to say that through their company's social media platforms like Facebook, Instagram and Pinterest the company makes past and potential customers aware of the which sales channel the best price can be found on any given day.
Currently Spycrushers spy camera products can be found for sale online on Amazon , Groupon, Ebay and Spycrushers ecommerce sites. Amazon, Ebay and Groupon shoppers can find Spycrushers products when using the search word spycrushers inside any open search bar found on any of the sites named.
About SpyCrushers
SpyCrushers brand and line of products are owned and operated by Crushers Inc. Crushers, Inc. is a manufacturer and retailer of consumer goods and electronics.
Contact:
Ericka Evans
Company: SpyCrushers
Address: Geneva, IL
Phone: 317-660-1338
Email: pr@spycrushers.com
Website: http://www.spycrushers.com
Bitcoin's rollercoaster ride has taken another plunge, and India may be to blame.
The price of bitcoin dropped below $8,000 on Friday before recovering slightly. It had slumped Thursday following a new broadside against cryptocurrencies from Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
By Saturday morning, the price of the cryptocurrency had rebounded to $9,239, according to Coindesk. That's still a far cry from the near $20,000 price it reached in December.
India will "take all measures to eliminate the use of these crypto assets in financing illegitimate activities or as part of the payment system," Jaitley said in his annual budget speech.
While India's cryptocurrency market is still relatively small, analysts say it has the potential to grow rapidly as bigger markets such as China and South Korea enact their own crackdowns.
Related: Samsung is cashing in on bitcoin mining
The Indian government has been cautioning its citizens about digital currencies for months. In late December, the finance ministry compared them to "Ponzi schemes." India's central bank has issued multiple warnings that cryptocurrencies have no official backing and people who trade in them do so "at their own risk."
Growing signs that the government and central bank could soon unveil regulations has made the industry jittery.
Indian banks have reportedly suspended accounts of top bitcoin exchanges like Zebpay, Unocoin and Coinsecure.
Unocoin said it had not faced any banking challenges, while Zebpay and Coinsecure did not respond to requests for comment. The banks either declined to comment or did not respond to requests for comment.
But a person with knowledge of the matter confirmed that at least one of Coinsecure's accounts had been suspended, telling CNNMoney that it was done as part of a "due diligence process."
Related: $530 million cryptocurrency heist may be the biggest ever
"These negative events play deeply into the fear factor of traders," Raj Chowdhury, CEO of cryptocurrency firm HashCash Consultants, told CNNMoney. HashCash provides remittance services and payment systems to banks and companies across dozens of countries, and also operates its own cryptocurrency exchange in India.
Chowdhury says India's moves to regulate cryptocurrencies are not surprising, given last year's epic surge of interest that boosted bitcoin to nearly $20,000 in December. The price has more than halved since then.
"Last year was a wild ride," he said. "This year it's gotten big enough for governments to pay attention."
India accounts for between 2% and 3% of global cryptocurrency trade, said Sathvik Vishwanath, CEO of Unocoin.
"India is comparatively a smaller market [when] compared to countries like Japan and the U.S.," Vishwanath told CNNMoney, but he added that "interest is picking up and there is tremendous scope going forward."
Related: Davos says bitcoin is not a currency
But traders are now worried that the government could nip India's crypto boom in the bud. Vishwanath said Unocoin users have been calling to get clarity on whether their money is in danger.
Harshvardhan Singh, who works at a startup near New Delhi, began trading in ethereum -- another virtual currency increasingly popular in India -- in May last year. He said he was "a little worried in the short run" after the government's recent statements and the resulting "bloodbath."
But like many others, Singh feels virtual currencies have become too big to fail.
Related: What is bitcoin?
"Blockchain and cryptocurrencies built on top of [it] are now part of this massive ecosystem which countries can't just afford to outlaw," he said.
Some industry figures agree.
"We are not worried," said Vishwanath, adding that he doubts the government will "take a knee-jerk reaction without proper analysis."
The government, on its part, has set up a committee to study cryptocurrencies. Jaitley said Thursday that it will await its report before taking any action. He also said India would look into using the underlying blockchain technology in its own digital payment systems.
Related: Facebook bans ads promoting cryptocurrencies
HashCash CEO Chowdhury said many in the industry may even welcome regulation.
"Last year it was the year of ignoring it, this year is the year of debating it," he added. "Next year will hopefully be the year of accepting it."
-- Vinayak Dewan contributed to this report
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
SEATTLE (AP) – The Coast Guard rescued two people and four dogs from a vessel that was sinking east of Point No Point in Puget Sound.
Officials received a call for help at about 8:30 p.m. Tuesday from the captain of a 26-foot (8 meter) pleasure craft. He said his vessel was taking on water.
The Dolphin aircrew arrived on scene at about 9 p.m., and a boat crew arrived soon after.
The crew of the Victoria Clipper, a catamaran-style passenger vessel was in the area and stood by in case the other passengers had to abandon ship.
A crewmember climbed aboard the distressed vessel, located a hole in the stern and plugged it before draining water from the vessel.
The boat crew towed the vessel to safety at Edmonds Marina.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolves step blinking into the bright lights of the Premier League this summer - big on ambition and big on the means to fulfil it.
Backed by Fosun and with access to Jorge Mendes' contacts book there is every chance they will continue to pull off eye-catching transfers.
Expect more young, upwardly mobile talents to find their way to Molineux in the summer.
However, everyone loves a bargain and if Nuno Espirito Santo feels there's one out there who can improve his team he might consider it.
These Premier League players are available for nothing.
Arsenal
Santi Cazorla, Jack Wilshere
AFC Bournemouth
Artur Boruc, Rhoys Wiggins
Brighton & Hove Albion
Niki Maenpaa, Uwe Hunemeier, Steve Sidwell, Liam Rosenior, Tim Krul
Burnley
Dean Marney, Stephen Ward, Scott Arfield
Chelsea
Willy Caballero, Eduardo, Matej Delac
Crystal Palace
Wayne Hennessey, Julian Speroni, Diego Cavalieri, Yohan Cabaye, Damien Delaney, James McArthur, Bakary Sako, Martin Kelly, Chung-Yong Lee, Joel Ward, Erdal Rakip
Everton
Joel Robles
Huddersfield
Robert Green
Dean Whitehead
Leicester City
Ben Hamer, Robert Huth, Aleksandar Dragovic
Liverpool
Emre Can
Manchester City
Yaya Toure
Manchester United
Marouane Fellaini, Luke Shaw
Newcastle United
Jesús Gámez, Massadio Haidara
Southampton
Stuart Taylor, Jeremy Pied
Stoke City
Glen Johnson, Charlie Adam, Stephen Ireland, Jese, Jakob Haugaard, Konstantinos Stafylidis
Swansea City
Leon Britton, Angel Rangel, Sung-Yeung Ki, Kenji Gorre
Tottenham Hotspur
Michel Vorm
Watford
Orestis Karnezi, Miguel Britos, Molla Wague, Andre Carrillo
West Bromwich Albion
Boaz Myhill, James Morrison, Gareth McAuley, Claudio Yacob
Ruslan Kolisov has brightened up his office with pictures of quad bikes racing through the dirt, and he credits the hobby for his expertise in navigating the trails and back roads that criss-cross eastern Ukraine.
A closer look at Kolisov's corner of the vast Avdiivka Coke Plant yields other glimpses of his life in this war-scarred town: the middle of one of the pictures is torn; a chunk of wood has been gouged from the cabinet beneath it and a hole at head height has been punched through the door to the adjacent office.
“The shrapnel flew in when mortars landed there, where you see those two craters that have been patched up,” Kolisov says as he looks out over a factory yard.
“Donetsk airport was over there,” he adds, lifting his gaze to the middle distance. “You could see the control tower until it was blown up.”
Ruslan Kolisov, head of the transport department of the Avdiivka coke factory. Photograph: Dan McLaughlin
The ruins of the airport are about 10km away, on the other side of a front line that is only half that distance from here as a shell flies.
The factory and its grounds have been hit more than 320 times by rockets, shells and mortars during fighting between Ukrainian troops and Russian-backed separatists that has taken about 10,000 lives and displaced 1.5 million people.
Two employees have been killed at the plant, 10 others have died in shelling of Avdiivka's residential areas and dozens have been injured. On May 13th two factory workers were among four people killed when artillery fire struck the yard of a nearby house, orphaning two young girls.
Yet 4,000 or so people still work here, keeping the fires burning at a plant that was central to a Soviet-built industrial network that withstood nearly three years of war, until a recent, sudden deepening of divisions tore it apart.
Warlord seizures
On March 1st separatist warlords seized all Ukrainian-owned businesses operating on territory they control, after Ukrainian activists blocked cargo at the front line to halt what they called a “trade in blood” between Kiev and the militants.
These moves not only severed the sooty arteries that carried the region's economic lifeblood, they also accelerated the rebel regions' unofficial integration with Russia and Kiev's bid to break the pervasive influence of Moscow: in recent weeks, Ukraine has cut power to some militia-held areas and taken measures to sideline Russian firms involved in everything from banking to social media.
The expropriations cut the Avdiivka plant's ties with mines that provided it with coal and steelmakers that bought its coke, most of which were part of the empire of Ukraine's richest “oligarch”, Rinat Akhmetov.
For Kolisov and colleagues, these are the latest of countless wrenching changes that were unimaginable before 2014, when Russia reacted to Ukraine's pro-western revolution by seizing Crimea and fomenting war in the east.
I could go to another region and find work, but I want to be here until peace returns
As the factory's transport chief, Kolisov has found himself leading repair brigades to fix power lines amid artillery fire, and crossing the front line to scout safe routes for buses taking workers to and from the plant.
“People here know that if the factory closes, Avdiivka will become a village. We provide almost all local jobs and heating for the town in winter,” he says.
“I really want our town to survive. I could go to another region and find work, but I want to be here until peace returns. I want to see these problems end and I want to see Avdiivka and the factory develop.”
Constant stress
Alexei Bobyr, the head of the plant's production department, is similarly resolute.
“It's impossible to get used to the constant stress and the sense of waiting for something bad to happen. Those who can't take it have gone,” he says of a town that has seen about one-third of its prewar population of 35,000 flee to safer areas.
“The two workers who were killed here were young people just doing their jobs. The shelling started and they couldn't take cover in time. That feeling of helplessness is hard to handle,” Bobyr says.
Alexei Bobyr, head of the production department of the Avdiivka coke factory. Photograph: Dan McLaughlin
“No one can force someone to work in these conditions. But if people don't come here we will have to shut down, and coke-making is a constant process,” he adds, explaining that if the plant's giant furnaces go cold they cannot be restarted.
“If we stop, we stop forever.”
Despite nightly shelling and nearby skirmishes and the recent cutting of key supply and delivery routes, the plant continues to function: it is now importing coal from South Africa and has ramped up production after the completion of a new power line from government-held territory.
For mines and factories on the other side of the front line, the future is murkier. Reports suggest many workers have been sacked or given unpaid leave as enterprises close or scale back production, and it is not clear how deeply Russia is willing to integrate or invest in the depressed militant-run areas.
“For our group the expropriations have been difficult but not catastrophic. But we have ‘lost' 47,000 workers, and the impact on them will be very serious,” says Jock Mendoza-Wilson, a spokesman for Akhmetov's conglomerate, System Capital Management (SCM).
Ukraine's economic hit
Several hundred of those workers have now taken jobs with SCM in government-held regions, “and we expect more to come across the line as the reality of low income and poor prospects in separatist-controlled territory hits home,” he adds.
Russia supplies electricity to some militant-held areas and recognises passports and other documents they issue as legally valid
Ukraine expects lost tax and export revenue from the east to wipe at least one percentage point off already sluggish growth this year, as products from seized enterprises go to Russia and then points unknown.
Russia now supplies electricity to some militant-held areas and recognises passports and other documents they issue as legally valid, drawing the region closer while continuing to deny the Kremlin's dominant military and political role there.
“Until all this is sorted out on a political level, no ceasefire will hold while the two sides are so close to each other,” says Bobyr, thinking of the nearby frontline where only a few hundred metres divide Ukrainian troops from separatist gunmen.
“After three years, I understand this won't suddenly be fixed overnight,” he says. “But we are all waiting for a solution.”
Anyone who gets to see the total solar eclipse on August 21 will be lucky — and humanity is lucky to live on a planet that even has this kind of celestial event.
Mercury and Venus, after all, don't even have moons. Mars has a couple, but they're too small to completely blot out the sun. Gas giants like Jupiter do have big moons, but they don't have solid surfaces where you could stand and enjoy an eclipse.
And, even with solid land and a moon, Earth only gets its gorgeous total solar eclipses because of a cosmic coincidence.
"They appear to be the same size because of their distance away from us," explains Amber Porter, an astronomer at Clemson University, which is in the path of the upcoming eclipse. The diameter of Earth's moon is about 400 times smaller than the diameter of the sun, but "even though the moon is about 400 times smaller than the sun, it's about 400 times closer to us here on Earth, which is how that perfect kind of magic happens."
Because of this quirk, the tiny moon can obscure the entire face of the sun and reveal its eerie corona, at least right now. In the past, Earth's eclipses did not look like this.
"The size of the sun hasn't really changed over the age of Earth, but the moon has been moving away from Earth over eons. So in the past it looked bigger," says Matija Cuk, a planetary scientist at the SETI Institute.
The moon is still moving away from Earth, he says. Every year, it shifts outward about an inch-and-half.
"So actually for billions of years you can have a total eclipse, but this very evenly matched eclipse, where it is barely total, that happens for a relatively short amount of time," says Cuk.
In only about 600 million years, the moon will look small enough that it no longer completely covers the sun, and whoever is left on Earth won't see any more total solar eclipses. So, get them while you can.
DARLINGTON MWENDABAI, Chipata
CHIEF Madzimawe of the Ngoni people in Chipata has urged men and women not to have children whom they cannot manage to look after until they are financially stable.
The traditional leader said the measure may sound harsh but it is necessary to avoid subjecting children to unnecessary suffering.
He said it is irresponsible for people have children whom they cannot support.
Chief Madzimawe said this during a provincial multi-sectoral maternal death surveillance and response review meeting last week.
“Giving birth and carrying a pregnancy is not cheap economically. We need to tell the people about family planning and please, if you do not have resources, do not have children,” he said.
He expressed sadness that women have continued dying in….. http://epaper.daily-mail.co.zm/
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Norfolk police and crime commissioner Lorne Green has insisted he doesn't want to merge the county's police and fire services.
The comment follows opposition from county councillors and some trade unions to his plan to seek a full business case for governance of the fire service to transfer to his office.
Facing questions on the issue at a public meeting in Downham Market last night, Mr Green insisted the idea would only progress if there was a “compelling” case for it.
He also maintained he was remaining neutral on the subject and any change proposed in the document, which is due to be completed in June, would be the subject of a full public consultation.
Mr Green said: “I don't think merger is at all appropriate. This is not a power grab, believe me.”
He also highlighted the support of seven of the county's MPs for his stance.
Mr Green also apologised after he was criticised for blocking several Labour politicians on his Twitter account.
He said he had set the account up as a point of information rather than debate and had “misunderstood” the medium. He added that he had unblocked the accounts concerned.
Effective branding is a result of a creative and authentic representation of a business. To help companies stand out from the competition, Sphere Agency in Australia offers creative and strategic branding services.
[Melbourne, 25/4/2018] – Effective branding accurately reflects a company's vision while successfully harnessing creative elements, experts claim. According to a 2016 study published by the Canadian Center of Science and Education, brand image plays an important role in the consumers' perception of a company's product or service, affecting buying decisions and product patronage.
Consumer Perceptions Towards Brand Image and Advertising
Establishing a great relationship with consumers helps businesses understand the needs and demands of the audience, the 2016 study explained. These relationships allow companies to come up with effective advertising strategies that resonate with their target market.
The study added that companies rely on the consumers' ability to manage their emotions in coming up with a positive brand image and building customer loyalty. But despite the efforts of projecting a positive image, consumers can sense false tones and inauthenticity, which negatively affects the company's sales and reputation in the long run.
Integrating Creativity into Branding
Integrating creativity into a branding strategy effectively catches the audience's attention while presenting the company's values and visions in an interesting way. In the aforementioned study, creativity was found to be one of the strongest factors that affect the success of advertising, marketing and branding.
Sphere Agency in Australia offers brand strategy services that focus on both strategic and creative aspects of branding. By capturing the essence of a product or service, Sphere Agency elevates a brand from its competitors and nurtures customer loyalty. The company's core team of designers works with clients throughout the entire process of creating visual identity, brand image colour palettes and other essential branding elements.
About Sphere Agency
Sphere Agency is an integrated advertising agency based in Australia that offers innovative and powerful marketing strategies. The team has worked with McDonald's, Cha Time, Kate Spade, Skechers and Victoria's Secret. Apart from branding strategies, Sphere Agency also specialises in digital production, online marketing and brand funded content and entertainment.
To learn more about the company, visit http://www.thesphereagency.com.au/.
By Ahmed Tabaqchali (pictured), CIO of Asia Frontier Capital (AFC) Iraq Fund.
Any opinions expressed are those of the author, and do not necessarily reflect the views of Iraq Business News.
The market in January was a tale of two halves. The first half started with a whimper with turnover declining 40% from December's levels and prices drifting lower taking the market, as measured by the RSISUS Index, to a decline of over -4% by around mid-month.
The second half was almost the opposite with prices recovering steadily and turnover doubling from the that of the first half. The market ended the month +4.8%.
However, the average daily turnover for the full month was anaemic at 90% of the average of that of the last 12 months, itself a low figure to start with.
Which argues that the recovery is in the early tentative stages, but supports the case that the correction that began in March of last year has run its course by October, and that the market could play catch up as discussed in the outlook for 2018.
Please click here to download Ahmed Tabaqchali's full report.
Mr Tabaqchali (@AMTabaqchali) is the CIO of the AFC Iraq Fund, and is an experienced capital markets professional with over 25 years' experience in US and MENA markets. He is a non-resident Fellow at the Institute of Regional and International Studies (IRIS) at the American University of Iraq-Sulaimani (AUIS). He is a board member of the Credit Bank of Iraq.
His comments, opinions and analyses are personal views and are intended to be for informational purposes and general interest only and should not be construed as individual investment advice or a recommendation or solicitation to buy, sell or hold any fund or security or to adopt any investment strategy. It does not constitute legal or tax or investment advice. The information provided in this material is compiled from sources that are believed to be reliable, but no guarantee is made of its correctness, is rendered as at publication date and may change without notice and it is not intended as a complete analysis of every material fact regarding Iraq, the region, market or investment.
The County Health and Human Services Agency (HHSA) confirmed a woman from Spring Valley tested positive for the West Nile Virus on Friday.
The woman is the first confirmed case in San Diego County this year, according to a county statement. In 2016, 22 cases were reported and two people died.
The woman described symptoms of rash and headache four days after traveling outside the country, but county officials were prompted to issue a warning because symptoms can occur anywhere from two to 14 days after being bitten by a mosquito, according to the county.
The virus mainly affects birds but can be transferred to humans by mosquitos.
Many people bitten by infected mosquitos will never experience any symptoms, however, those who do may experience headache, fever, nausea, rashes, fatigue or swollen glands, according to the statement. In rare cases the virus can make a person extremely sick and become deadly.
In California 231 people have been reported ill from the West Nile virus this year, and 12 people have died.
This year San Diego County reported 32 dead birds, eight batches of mosquitos and one horse have tested positive for West Nile virus.
San Diego County officials encourage residents to protect themselves from mosquitos by using insect repellent or wearing pants and long sleeves when outdoors, and by removing possible breeding sources such as water fountains, horse troughs, rain gutters and toys that collect water.
Increased mosquito activity, being bitten during daylight hours, dead birds and mosquito breeding sources can be reported to the Vector Control Program at (858) 694-2888 or by emailing vector@sdcounty.ca.gov.
For more information visit the county's website, “Fight the Bite.”
Researchers in Ireland have developed a mathematical formula that may help doctors predict how effective chemotherapy will be in treating aggressive forms of breast cancer.
Recent research from the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland (RCSI) examined how effective chemotherapy was in treating triple-negative breast cancer.
The study looked at how triple-negative breast cancer cells responded to chemotherapy, and found patients may respond better to drugs currently being used to treat some leukaemia patients, called BCL2 inhibitors.
Dr Robert O'Connor, head of cancer research at the Irish Cancer Society, cautioned it would potentially be years before the results of the study led to improvements for cancer patients.
“This research is in quite early stages and it will be many more years until any potential benefits reach cancer patients” he said.
“It does show the building blocks required to lay the foundations for life-saving cancer research. The more we understand this disease, the better chance we have of stopping it in its tracks” he added.
The research, carried out by Federico Lucantoni, was published in the cell and disease Nature journal, and funded by the Irish Cancer Society.
In Ireland more than 250 people are diagnosed each year with triple-negative breast cancer, which is aggressive, affects mainly young women and is considered difficult to treat.
Jochen Prehn, RCSI professor of physiology who supervised the study, said at the moment the only treatment option for triple-negative breast cancer patients was chemotherapy.
“While this will work well for some patients, others may find that their cancer cells don't respond as well as might be hoped to chemo,” said Prof Prehn.
“We hope that, if successful in further testing, our research may one day allow doctors to give women more tailored and effective treatments and spare the harsh side effects of chemotherapy in women who are unlikely to respond well to it” he said.
Daffodil Day, the Irish Cancer Society's annual fundraising effort takes place on Friday, March 23rd.
Dec.11 (GMM) Zak Brown has admitted it was "difficult" for McLaren to convince sponsors to join the British team amid its Honda crisis.
After three years with insufficient power and reliability, McLaren has dumped Honda and will use customer Renault power for 2018.
Brown, McLaren's commercial executive, admitted finding sponsors during the Honda period was "very difficult".
"Fortunately, I have experience in this area but I knew that during the season, you wouldn't find any new partners when you have the problems we had," he told Auto Motor und Sport.
"We could not sell to potential sponsors the story that things will get better next year. That was one of the reasons why we needed a new engine supplier," Brawn admitted.
"We had to prove we are willing to change things and keep our drivers. People still believe in McLaren, they believe in Renault, and they believe in Alonso and Vandoorne.
"So I can say now that our discussions with new sponsors have gone very well," he added.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday's deadline, according to two people familiar with the discussions. The administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests. But he granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
Europe has been bracing for the U.S. to place the restrictions even as top European officials have held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert the tariffs.
Advertisement
"Realistically, I do not think we can hope" to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum, said Cecilia Malmstrom, the European Union's trade commissioner. Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, Malmstrom said, "I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports."
European officials said they expected the U.S. to announce its final decision Thursday. The people familiar with the talks said Trump could make an announcement as early as Thursday.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross attended meetings at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on Wednesday, and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer joins discussions in Paris on Thursday.
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war — a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn.
If the U.S. moves forward with its tariffs, the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice, peanut butter and other goods in return. French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire pledged that the European response would be "united and firm."
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of national security.
"Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing," French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
In a clear reference to Trump, Macron added: "These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term. ... One can think about making voters happy by saying, 'I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see.'"
But Macron said those "who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment."
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," he said. He noted that "China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate."
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being "constructive" and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
"We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly," he said.
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
___
Charlton and Corbet reported from Paris. Masha Macpherson and Oleg Cetinic in Paris and Paul Wiseman and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
Bags, bags and more bags. It's no secret we can never have enough purses. And we caught up with a designer who is making us hungry for more.
A fried egg, pizza, a piece of candy — these are tasty inspirations for purses.
Gelareh Mizrahi, designer: “The first collection that I put out was really inspired by my youth and my party days, so it's like pizzas and french fries and carbs and the fun things that you eat when you go out and you're young and you don't care.”
Designer Gelareh Mizrahi is behind the fun python bags. The New York native, who now calls the 305 home, opened up a shop in Miami's Design District.
Gelareh Mizrahi: “There's an energy in Miami that lends itself so perfectly to the collection. I couldn't think of a better home for the collection than the Miami Design District.”
The purses come in all shapes and sizes.
Gelareh Mizrahi: “There's bucket bags, there are totes, there's little wallets, there are charms to add to the bags, there's little satchels.”
And there are enough options to match any style.
Gelareh Mizrahi: “There's a classic black bag and then there's a bloodshot eye clutch.”
Everything in the collection runs from $50 to $1,500.
To give you an idea…
Gelareh Mizrahi: “The little charms are $50 and you can add them to any of your bags. The Thank-you bag is $1,500.”
And in between are lots of other options, like the wallets, fun clutches, crossbody bags … you get the point!
These purses are so much fun, even some of Hollywood's most fashion-forward ladies are big fans.
Gelareh Mizrahi: “Kelly Osbourne loves the Python Laura Stone Lip clutch. Karrueche Tran was wearing the Wu-Tang clutch that she saw and she fell in love with. Brandi Cyrus is an awesome friend and a big fan of the collection.”
The bags aren't the only eye-popping things inside the shop…
Gelareh Mizrahi: “When I first got the store, the first thing I wanted to put in was the skate ramp.”
Yes, that's a skate ramp.
Gelareh Mizrahi: “I was super inspired by this skateboard culture when I first started.”
So, to give back to her source of inspiration, Gelareh is letting people in the 305 come and have fun — free of charge.
Gelareh Mizrahi: “This is here for all of the kids in Miami to just come and ride on and go wild on, and nothing gives me more joy than watching them do that.”
And the adults love it too.
Guest 1: “It's not a typical thing to be able to come into a store and have something to skate like this. It's fun.”
You can also have a purse custom-made for you. It's called the Selfie Bag.
FOR MORE INFO:
Gelareh Mizrahi Collection
151 NE 41st St. Suite 119
Miami Beach, FL 33141
(301) 787-5209
https://gelarehmizrahi.com/
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Notts County manager Kevin Nolan has heaped praise on Derby County striker Mason Bennett.
The 21-year-old moved to the Magpies on loan for the remainder of the season on transfer deadline day.
Bennett has made six first-team appearances for the Rams this season so far, including coming on as a substitute in the third round of the FA Cup against Manchester United last month.
The forward spent part of this season recovering from a knee injury, which he sustained in the 1-1 draw at Brentford in September.
Since he returned to fitness in late November, Bennett mainly featured for the Rams under-23 side, scoring twice in the Premier League 2 competition.
After Bennett completed his move to Meadow Lane, manager Kevin Nolan thanked Derby boss Gary Rowett for letting the player join them, and praised Bennett for wanting to go to the club.
(Image: Clive Mason/Getty Images)
Nolan told the club's website: "Gary (Rowett) has put a lot of trust and faith in us, which I am thankful for, but it says a lot when the player just wants to come here and be given the opportunity to play games.
"Mason has turned down good opportunities to go elsewhere because we are the club he wanted to move forward with. I'm delighted he has chosen us and I hope we can progress his career.
"You only have to look at him to see he's an athlete but we're not putting any extra pressure on him, we need to let him get on with his football and that is the most important thing.
"He has got every attribute to be a top player with the way he glides past people and his running in behind and we have to try and nurture that and get it out of him.
"He's a real handful because of his pace but he is also very clever on the ball. He will bring a lot and we are excited to be working with him."
HSBC Holdings said that its five-year-old deferred prosecution agreement with the Department of Justice has expired, signaling the U.S. is satisfied with the bank's improvements to its compliance systems after it was ensnared in a money-laundering scandal in Mexico.
The Justice Department will file a motion with a court in the Eastern District of New York seeking the dismissal of charges after HSBC "lived up to all of its commitments" to improve its anti-money laundering and sanctions compliance capabilities, the London-based bank said in a statement Monday. Once dismissed, the bank can no longer be criminally prosecuted for the matter.
“HSBC is able to combat financial crime much more effectively today as the result of the significant reforms we have implemented over the last five years,” CEO Stuart Gulliver said in the statement. The bank is working on “further improvement” to its capabilities, he added.
HSBC paid a then-record $1.9 billion settlement in 2012 for helping Mexican drug cartels launder money and breaching international sanctions by doing business with Iran. The lender pledged to cooperate with Justice Department probes for five years and by doing so was spared the stigma of a criminal record in the U.S. — and the threat that it might lose access to some of its most lucrative institutional banking activities in the world's largest economy. The bank was also put under the supervision of an external monitor, Michael Cherkasky, who started in 2013.
No new documents had been filed in the deferred-prosecution matter as of midmorning in New York. The Justice Department in Washington, D.C., didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. John Marzulli, a spokesman for acting Brooklyn U.S. Attorney Bridget Rohde, declined to comment.
The Justice Department has been considering a criminal charge against HSBC related to conduct on its foreign-exchange desk after two staff members were accused of improper trading, Bloomberg News reported last year, raising questions about whether that investigation could imperil the deferred prosecution agreement. The bank said in a July 31 regulatory filing that it was in settlement talks over the currency matter with the Justice Department.
Still, the lender was fined $175 million by the Federal Reserve after the probe found that traders had been front-running client orders, sharing confidential customer details with dealers at other firms and attempting to rig currency benchmarks. Its former chief trader Mark Johnson was found guilty of fraud in Brooklyn, N.Y., in October.
HSBC has also been shuttering accounts associated with South Africa's powerful Gupta family as it assesses its exposure to the scandal gripping the country. U.K. regulators have said they are looking into whether HSBC and Standard Chartered facilitated money-laundering as a result of possible ties to the Guptas after a British politician warned illicit funds may have passed through the United Arab Emirates and Hong Kong, where the banks have had large footprints.
The recent scandals are a reminder of the potential challenges for new Chairman Mark Tucker, who started in October, and John Flint, who is preparing to take over from CEO Gulliver when he retires in February.
HSBC has spent billions of dollars on new technology and built up its compliance workforce to more than 6,000 people worldwide to comply with the demands of the monitor. The end of the DPA illustrates the progress made by the bank. In a report covering an earlier period of monitorship, Cherkasky said there had been resistance from senior managers at the U.S. investment bank, whom he accused of bullying, foot-dragging and the discrediting of his in-house watchdogs.
Standard Chartered Plc, which also signed a DPA with U.S. regulators in 2012, has had its own deal extended twice and now runs until the end of July. The rival emerging-markets focused lender has paid almost $1 billion in settlements for engaging in deals with Iran and for failing to improve anti-money laundering systems.
Bloomberg News
Online Shopping for the Holidays? Beware Hacks, Scams and ID Theft
It may be the "most wonderful time of the year," with special offers and sales galore, but it's also the most likely time to have your identity stolen, cyber experts warn.
Hackers and online fraudsters are impersonating brand-name retailers and scaring consumers with fake emails, purchases and links in an effort to hook unsuspecting shoppers with phishing scams.
"They know we're frazzled, they know we're easily distracted and they know -- and hope -- that we're going to click on one of those links, which will end up having malware downloaded on our computer," said Ryan Gerding, a spokesman for the anti-spyware and malware firm Enigma Software.
The National Retail Foundation estimated that about 78 million people were expected to shop online for holiday discounts on Cyber Monday, with one-day profits expected to total $6.6 billion.
Mr. Gerding said the chances of getting a computer infection increase with the uptick in web traffic. As online shopping grows year to year, more Americans are at risk of being hacked.
"Last year during the holiday shopping season, which we counted as Black Friday through Christmas, infections on our customers computers jumped 99.23 percent and that was a bigger spike than in 2015 and in 2014," Mr. Gerding said.
Cybersecurity firm Carbon Black reported that phishing attacks -- emails, messages or pop-ups with corrupted links -- rose last year by 20.5 percent during November and December, and are expected to increase even more this holiday season.
RiskIQ, another cybersecurity intelligence firm, warned consumers of an increased risk of mobile infections during this time -- their most recent analysis identified at least one in 25 smartphones apps referencing "Black Friday" as unsafe and malicious.
Without naming retailers, RiskIQ said they identified and blacklisted 32,000 apps and 1,451 URLs that impersonate the top five most popular e-commerce sites.
"The findings confirmed that threat actors are using these well-known brands specifically to exploit the popularity of Black Friday shopping in both web and mobile," RiskIQ wrote in its report.
Mr. Gerding said one of the more sophisticated tactics hackers use is to send an email disguised as from a leading online retailer -- like Amazon or PayPal -- and asking users to dispute a suspicious purchase by clicking on a link.
"Instead of canceling the transaction it'll take you to a site that either will download malware or to a site that looks like an actual PayPal site and says enter your password information here, and then they've stolen it and your account has been hacked," he said.
There are a number of ways people can protect against such viruses. One is to be vigilant about suspicious links.
"Think about that link. Anytime you get an email, or anytime you get a message via social media where there is a link inside of it and it's something you weren't expecting, stop and think a minute before you click on it," Mr. Gerding said.
Other advice includes having an anti-spyware or -malware program that deletes infections as soon as they attack computers. Keeping computer and mobile phone operating systems up to date also help protect against hackers. Make sure passwords are secure and updated regularly.
RiskIQ recommends to always look for the "S" in "HTTPS" or a lock symbol in the web browser when visiting shopping sites. These ensure security and encryption of personal data.
Also, never provide credit card information unless it's a secure shopping portal, RiskIQ advises, and that sites that ask for this information in return for coupons or to win free merchandise are scams.
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
After missing out on the prize once before, Auckland band Street Chant have just won the Taite Music Prize for their latest album Hauora.
The award recognises the best albums made by Kiwi artists during the past year and in previous years has gone to the likes of Silicon (2016), Lorde (2014) and Unknown Mortal Orchestra (2012).
This year saw Street Chant - made up of Emily Littler, Billie Rogers and Christopher Varnham - nominated for the second time, after going up for the prize in 2011 for their album Means, but the prize went to Ladi6 instead.
Now though, they've come in ahead of some of New Zealand's top artists including Aaradhna, Leisure and 2010 Taite winner Lawrence Arabia, among others.
As this year's winners, Street Chant have scored a cash prize of $10,000, recording time at Red Bull Studios Auckland and a year's supply of Red Bull product.
Two additional awards were also presented; one for the Independent Music NZ Classic Record Award for The Clean's Boodle Boodle Boodle and the newly created Auckland Live Best Independent Debut Award awarded to Merk 'Swordfish', which includes a $2000 cash prize and a live performance slot at Auckland Live Summer in the Square 2017/2018.
- NZ Herald
If you're headed to the ASB Classic this summer, go for a look that's both comfortable…
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Norwegian's plans for new transatlantic routes to help shrink costs
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
MAYA BAY, Thailand (AP) — Once a pristine Thai paradise, mass tourism has exhausted the secluded bay made world famous by the Leonardo DiCaprio movie "The Beach."
Now it's to get some respite from the daily influx of dozens of boats and thousands of visitors unsuccessfully scrambling for an unspoiled view of glistening white sands and emerald waters.
Maya Bay on Phi Phi Leh Island in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months from Friday to give its coral reefs and sea life a chance to recover from an onslaught that began nearly two decades ago.
Thai authorities have promoted unfettered tourism but now claim to be striving to balance profit and conservation. They say the closure will happen every year.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Taliban suicide bombing targeted the administrative headquarters of a tribal region in north-western Pakistan on Wednesday, killing three policemen and two passers-by, according to officials.
The explosion happened at the main gate of the tribal headquarters in Ghalanai in the Mohmand tribal region, just as the working day was about to start, said Hameedullah Khan, a local government official.
A breakaway faction of the Pakistani Taliban - Jamaat-ul-Ahrar or Freedom Movement - claimed responsibility for the attack in a text message sent to the Associated Press.
Mr Khan, whose office is inside the compound, said the grounds are home to residences, offices and training facilities for the local administration and police employees.
Hundreds of local residents come daily on business to the tribal headquarters, which is 28 miles (45km) outside Peshawar, the provincial capital.
The bombing was followed by gunshots, Mr Khan added.
The Pakistani army said the bomber was accompanied by another militant, who tried to force his way into the compound after the blast but that security guards opened fire and killed him.
The army statement said there was a higher level of vigilance among the local security forces following intelligence that would-be attackers had infiltrated the area from neighbouring Afghanistan.
The same breakaway Taliban faction that said it was behind Wednesday's attack had also claimed responsibility for another deadly suicide bombing, in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore on Monday - an attack that also targeted policemen.
The policemen were escorting a protest march in Lahore and that bombing killed 13 people, including seven police officers. A former chief of the province's counter-terrorism department was also among those killed.
The two suicide bombings reflect an increase in militant attacks after an almost three-month lull.
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar is based in the Mohmand area - part of rugged, lawless regions along the Afghan border which have long served as safe havens for local and al Qaida-linked foreign militants, who have killed tens of thousands of people in more than a decade.
Pakistan has waged several offensives against militants in recent years, including a major operation that started in mid-2014 in the last key insurgent sanctuary of North Waziristan.
The authorities declared the offensive a success, saying it uprooted militants, killed hundreds and forced many to flee across the border into Afghanistan. Others went into hiding in Pakistani urban areas where they have a vast support network of seminaries and religious groups. A US drone campaign also helped the offensive by targeting the Taliban.
In late 2014, a leadership crisis fractured the Pakistani Taliban movement - which is separate from the Afghan Taliban - and splintered it into various groups.
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar last carried out a string of large-scale attacks in late 2016, after Washington declared it a terrorist organisation. The group is led by militant known as Omar Khaled Khorasani, whose real name is Abdul Wali Khan.
A former Pakistani Taliban spokesman, Ehsanullah Ehsan, is a key commander in Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, which has links with several Pakistani militant and sectarian groups. It has also expressed support for the Islamic State group.
04th July 2018,Kolkata,Westy Bengal, India : Just in few days PokerLion turn into the most prominent online poker website in India. The poker gaming site is committed for just Indian Players. What's more, now they have launched the android application for the poker players who love to play poker on their Mobile phone. To play poker on PokerLion through your mobile device, follow these simple steps (if you are already registered with PokerLion, skip to stage 5, under “Playing Poker with PokerLion on Your Mobile”):
Creating An PokerLion Account
1. Open your mobile browser and go to https://www.pokerlion.com
2. Go To the link Download PokerLion APP or follow the Link : http://bit.ly/PokerLionApp
3. Download the App and Install it. Then open the App on your device. If you have already an account then Log In with your email ID and password.
4. If you don't have created yet then click the Sign Up link. Put your email Id, User Name, Password, and create the account. And start Play Poker Online.
Playing Poker With PokerLion At Your Mobile
5. Log In to your account, go to your Dashboard.
6. Go to “Play Poker Now”
7. Choose your preferred tournament, Register to the game.
8. Learn, Play And Earn…Be a Real Poker Lion Only At PokerLion.
PokerLion also introduced some offers to Poker players of India. If you are new to PokerLion then you can grab the opportunity to avail these exciting offers. Some of the offers are:
• Download the APP and get Rupees 500 as welcome Bonus
• Refer a friend and get Rupees 1000 as Referral Bonus
• 50% Deposit Bonus
• Get a Chance to Participate In Match IPL Season-3
And many more…
4/18/17 – 5:00 A.M.
A junk drop off day is set for next month in Arlington. The Courier reports village council approved May 20 for the event. J&N of Ada will set dumpsters in the park for residents to get rid of household junk. The day replaces the old curbside pickup day.
Councilwoman Marcia Smith says the event is only for Arlington residents. You can use and ID or village water bill to get to the dumpsters.
The village is accepting items including paint, tires, metals, wood and furniture. Those types of materials weren't accepted during curbside pickups. You aren't allowed to be household garbage, garden waste, grass clippings, limbs, or concrete.
MORE: The Courier
Each year FLY Racing develops, tests, and improves its products in a never-ending pursuit of the perfect racewear. The first to integrate The Boa® System, FLY racewear offers the unmatched comfort, performance and durability that make it an industry leader in technical racewear. For 2018 they've created their lightest, most comfortable and durable gear yet. Gear that lasts and gear that performs—ride after ride, race after race. Prepare, perform, and progress with FLY racing.
The Fly Racing Racer X Podcast comes in with the two Jasons joining me for comprehensive review of Unadilla, the USA Motocross of Nations team, Marty, J-Mart, Marv, and much more.
Click HERE to listen to the show or get it from iTunes under Steve Matthes Show. If you have a smartphone, get it from the Stitcher or Pulpmx Apps.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami/AP) — It was quite the night at the Heat's house in Downtown Miami.
James Johnson scored a career-high 31 points, Kelly Olynyk added 30 off the bench and the Miami Heat set a franchise single-game scoring record by beating the Denver Nuggets 149-141 in double overtime Monday night.
Miami's total was also an NBA season-high and helped the Heat get back to the No. 7 spot in the Eastern Conference standings. Houston and Oklahoma City each scored 148 in games earlier this season.
Wayne Ellington scored 29 points for the Heat. Nikola Jokic had 34 for Denver, while Wilson Chandler added 26 for the Nuggets.
“That was as playoffs as it comes right there,” Olynyk said.
The NBA's stat system crashed late in the first overtime, and crews were scrambling to determine the final numbers long after the buzzer. All that ultimately mattered was the score — one that moved the Heat closer to a playoff berth and left the Nuggets two games back in the Western Conference race.
Neither team was at full strength. For Miami, Dwyane Wade (left hamstring strain) missed his fourth consecutive game, and Hassan Whiteside (left hip pain) sat out his fifth straight contest. Denver was without leading scorer Gary Harris, sidelined again by a strained right knee that could keep him out several more days.
Denver led 16-5 after 3 1/2 minutes, and that was the only double-digit lead by either side for about the next three hours. It was airtight until the very final moments, almost to an absurd degree.
After one quarter, Denver led by one.
Halftime, Miami led by one.
After three, Miami still by one.
After regulation, tied.
After one overtime, still tied.
Back and forth they went all night, two teams who played a one-point game at Denver back in November — that one not being decided until Dion Waiters' missed jumper as time expired sealed the Nuggets' win — and now are fighting with playoffs in mind. The Heat are essentially playing for a seed; the Nuggets are playing for a berth.
Denver led by six midway through the fourth before Miami used a 10-2 run to reclaim the lead. Nikola Jokic tied it for Denver with 10 seconds left in regulation, Josh Richardson missed for Miami at the end and to overtime they went tied at 118. The Heat thought they merited a trip to the line when Johnson missed at the end of the first overtime, but no whistle came.
So in the second overtime, they seized control and outscored the Nuggets 18-10 in the final five minutes. Wayne Ellington rattled in a 3-pointer to start the second extra session, and the Heat didn't trail again.
TIP-INS
Nuggets: Including the franchise's ABA days, all 28 previous Nuggets teams to finish .500 or better made the playoffs. … Denver fell to 19-5 in games where it scores at least 115 points. The Nuggets are now 17-30 when allowing more than 105.
Heat: It was the highest-scoring first four quarters of an overtime game in Heat history. The previous before-OT high was 115 at Golden State on Dec. 1, 2008. … A pregame moment of silence was held for the six victims of last week's bridge collapse near Florida International University. … The previous scoring record was 141 points, done twice.
NEVER FORGET
The Heat continue paying tributes to the 17 victims of the shooting last month at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High in Parkland, Florida. Heat coach Erik Spoelstra and several players spent their day off Sunday at the Parkland Rec League Basketball Championship, honoring the lives of victims Joaquin Oliver, Luke Hoyer and Alex Schacter by announcing scholarships in their names — as well as a $500,000 donation.
ROAD TRIP
This seven-game trip for the Nuggets is their longest since a seven-gamer in the 2011-12 season. As if a late-season two-week trip wasn't tough enough, Denver's remaining schedule is brutal; after visiting Chicago on Wednesday, the Nuggets will have 10 games left — all against teams currently in the playoff mix.
TOURNEY TIME
There's serious NCAA talk in the Heat locker room, with many players seeing their schools in the Sweet 16. The Heat-backed teams — Kentucky (Bam Adebayo), Duke (Justise Winslow), Nevada (Luke Babbitt), Kansas State (Rodney McGruder), Gonzaga (Kelly Olynyk), Syracuse (Dion Waiters) and Michigan (Derrick Walton Jr.).
UP NEXT
Nuggets: Visit Chicago on Wednesday.
Heat: Host New York on Wednesday.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
How the fans reacted to Dr Tony Xia's recent tweets
Many fans have been concerned, since Aston Villa's failed promotion campaign came to a conclusion, about the financial position of the club. Some have looked to key figures at the club for clarity over what the future holds for the 5th most successful club in England.
Since the play-off final defeat to Fulham Villa's Owner, Dr Tony Xia, has tweeted twice. Here's how the fans reacted:
Reacting to Xia's first tweet:
Rachel Malloch: "New approach Tony. new manager, fresher ideas. Up the Villa."
Pete Street: "Please don't give up Dr T. You have given us the faith, gutted right now, but can't wait for August."
Virtuous Villa: "Thank you tony, thank you Keith and thank you Bruce for all of your efforts but as we sang at villa park whatever will be, we sang that for one night but every game we sing don't look back in anger and that's what we'll do! We won't look back, we only look forward."
Stoobiee67: "We'll get it right next season, give youth a chance and unless you get £100 million for Jack, he's going nowhere!"
Ted Sparrey: "We're on this journey together and we all walk in the right direction. Next year. Champions!"
Reacting to Xia's second tweet:
Paul Nash: "Time for a new era with a new manager who can bring the youth through and install an exciting attacking style of football. You took the gamble on Bruce's defensive, plenty of experience, grind out the results style and it fell short. Wish Steve the best, nice chap."
Sam Williams: "It was a great season but that squad should of gone up... You need to look at where the damage was done... it was our inability to have a plan B in a game... which comes down to the manager. We sat back on games that we were capable of comfortably winning."
Nigel B6: "Hurting with you Tony; but I remain 110% behind our club."
Ant: "Chin up boss we dust ourselves down do what needs to be done puff our chests out and go again. All I ask is get players in with a passion to go above and beyond for us as a club and fans. This team connected with fans this season. Thank you for efforts and roll on August ."
Zulisian: "Keep Bruce, we stumbled but we got here from him. Stay loyal and see what next season brings."
Joanne Price: "We were in a very bad place when Dr Tony took over, he has done a great job and so has Bruce."
Financial fallout
Aston Villa will need to find around £40m-£45m from player sales and wage cuts to fall in line with Financial Fair Play, Birmingham Live understands.
A football finance expert has explained how Villa's failure to win promotion back to the Premier League this term has left them seriously counting the cost this summer.
The claret and blues may have to sell prized asset Jack Grealish to cover costs and there's no chance of turning any of the loan signings into permanent deals.
"The FFP black hole is between £40m and £45m," a source told us.
"Villa have gambled with expensive players on big wages but there will need to be a reality check this summer."
Boss Steve Bruce admitted that cuts will need to be made.
When asked if players would be sold, Bruce replied:
"Yes.
"This season has been difficult, financially.
“We understand, or I have understood, about Financial Fair Play.
"But the discussions will need to be held above me to say what we have or haven't got."
The powers-that-be are in the process of holding those talks.
Saturday's defeat against Fulham in the play-off final is still very raw but the club are starting to moving forward.
These things take time, of course, and more will be revealed in the times ahead as Villa come to terms with another season in the Championship.
Elsewhere, a report was also published today by Swiss Ramble - a business & football blog- which highlighted some of the problems Villa are facing up to.
Meanwhile another expert says Aston Villa's predicament is ‘really severe' and has predicted sales this summer.
Villa were resigned to a third successive season of Championship football with defeat at Wembley.
Bruce's expensively-assembled squad is now expected to be broken up this summer as the club desperately attempt to stay within Financial Fair Play restrictions.
The club's most valuable asset, Grealish, is already being linked with a host of Premier League sides with Villa likely to sell at least one of their top players.
Kieran Maguire, a lecturer in football finance at the University of Liverpool, discussed Villa's problems at length with the BBC.
Cash cuts
“It's really severe for Villa because this is the second year they've had parachute payments. They got around £35million from the Premier League to cushion the blow of relegation.
“Those payments get cut back severely next year so they're going to have £20million less coming in. I think the problem for Villa is that the owner has gambled in the last couple of years on recruiting players on big wages.
Aston Villa shunned by midfielder as promotion failure sees club 'lose some appeal' - reports
Colossal wage bill
“The average wage at Villa is nearly £30,000 a week and it's simply not sustainable in the Championship.
“It's going to be a very big summer. They're going to have to sell the crown jewels, I suspect. The problem that they're going to have is that other clubs know they're in a financial pickle and they'll be trying to get them on the cheap.
“If you take a look at their first season in the Championship, they were losing around £800,000 a week, and that was on parachute payments of around £40million.
“Next season it's down to around about £15million so there's got to be severe cutbacks. I'd be very surprised if John Terry stays because he would have been on a decent wage.
“Scott Hogan has been disappointing and I've seen his contract, and that's eye-watering. Ross McCormack has been a disaster since day one.
“The problem is that no other clubs will go near these players. They might manage to get them out on loan and Villa will probably still have to pay 80 per cent of the wages just to get them away from the club.
Aston Villa transfer 'compulsory' regardless of division - says club chief
Decision time
"Then you have the owner, who's based in China – he's going to have to work out whether he continues to bankroll the club to the same extent.
“There are a lot of alarm bells going round and that's when the vultures start to crowd and pick off things on the cheap, and that will be the big shame for Villa because they do have some good players.
“If they want to play in the Premier League then fair play to them, but I think it's whether or not they'll be able to get a fair price for them which will be the big worry for Villa fans.”
Assessing the summer
Aston Villa's worst nightmare has become a reality and testing times lie ahead.
The books were balanced, to an extent, last summer by manager Steve Bruce as several players departed to boost the coffers.
Ex-England and Chelsea captain John Terry, Glenn Whelan, Ahmed Elmohamady and Chris Samba were all handed lucrative contracts with the funds raised and Bruce utilised his contacts book to snap up three players on loan.
With five players out of contract, five loanees to return to their parent clubs, six players set to return from loan spells away and lots more to be decided, this is the most important summer transfer window in Aston Villa's 144-year history.
Dr Tony Xia cut a glum figure as Sky Sports' cameras zoned in on him during the latter stages of Villa's play-off final defeat to Fulham.
It hasn't panned out the way the Chinese businessman planned after buying out Randy Lerner two years ago.
Xia and his trusted Villa Park colleagues face some big decisions this summer.
Who leads Villa?
The first big decision Xia, chief executive Keith Wyness and director of football Steve Round have to make centres around manager Steve Bruce.
By his own admission Bruce has failed to achieve what was asked of him this term.
The manager has previously hinted that he ‘won't be here next year' if promotion wasn't achieved.
Meanwhile, during a meeting with Villa supporters' groups, neither Wyness nor Round committed to keeping Bruce on as manager in the event of Wembley failure.
With four Championship promotions on his CV and an enviable queue of Premier League managers willing to do him favours, Bruce has all the skills Villa require.
“I will roll my sleeves up and get stuck into it again next season as long as the people above me see that I'm fit to do it,” Bruce said of his future in the immediate aftermath of Villa's Wembley woe. “I will carry on.
“I've been doing it for a long time and I'm in charge of a great club with a big history and tradition.”
With Bruce apparently intent on giving promotion another crack, the ball is firmly in the Villa hierarchy's court.
Comments about GraphicConverter 10.3
To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person.
Brings a number of additions to the venerable graphic conversion and editing utility. ($39.95 new, free update, 118 MB)
The following individuals have been booked at the Sweetwater County Detention Center.
Area law enforcement is in the process of changing the software they use for bookings, etc. Daily report times may vary.
August 13th
Trent A. Reifel, 29 of Rock Springs was arrested by the SWCSO on a probation violation.
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
By Daud Olatunji
ABEOKUTA-Non fewer than 1.7million candidates are expected to sit for 2017 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination in April.
The Registrar, Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board, Prof. Ishaq Oloyede disclosed this on Tuesday at Abeokuta at the sideline of the examination body's Information and Communication Technology retreat involving civil society groups, students and other major stakeholders.
Oloyede said the JAMB also aimed at increasing the capacities of its Computer Based Test Centres in order to make the April examination seamless.
He said, “We are expecting 1.7million candidates to sit for JAMB this year and we want to make sure we satisfy these candidates within a week or thereabout.
“That is why we are increasing the capacity of the Computer-Based Test centres to be able to examine more candidates within a given date.”
Oloyede who said the body would not promise a hitch-free examination, noted that there were changes and innovations ongoing which would send some illegal operators who had defrauded candidates in the past, out of business.
The JAMB boss, however, said the examination body would not be deterred in its mission to serve its candidates better.
He said, “I must be frank with you, I cannot promise a hitch- free examination because we are testing certain things.
“We are changing certain things. We want to question the status quo and of course, we expect a fight back by interest that will be trampled upon.
“We are going to be as sincere as possible in the direction we are going. We are going to be as flexible as humanly possible. We are not promising hitch free examination.
“We envisaged that there will be hitches here and there, but they will not be insurmountable. Rather than promising the nation hitch free examination, we will be promising a direction we will all be pleased with.
“Initially there might be hiccups and of course one would not have been appointed if it is routine. I believe that I have been given a very difficult job and that is why I am not promising that all will be smooth.”
He argued that that was why JAMB invited stakeholders to critique its processes, because it would not want to continue in the wrong direction.
He said, “We are creating some ICT facilities and we want our stakeholders, prospective candidates, respected scholars, institutions, civil societies to come together and critique what we are doing, so that we can be sure, before we go too far in a wrong direction.
“This is a view of harvesting good ideas that could improve what we are doing.”
He said the CBT had come to stay, as four African countries had indicated interest to come over to Nigeria to understudy it.
“Of course, I believed that Nigeria is ripe for this (CBT). Nigeria is more advanced than some of these countries. At least, we have three or four countries that are observing our examination and they want to go the way of the conduct of the examination,”he said.
While he said the JAMB would soon commence the sale of its forms for the 2017 UTME, he added that the examination body was also working on the possibility of conducting a mock examination “for some people who just want to try on what we are doing.”
The post 1.7million candidates expected to sit for 2017 JAMB – Oloyede appeared first on Vanguard News.
FILE - In this March 8, 2017 file photo, House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington. Scalise was shot Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Va., congressional officials say. J. Scott Applewhite, File AP Photo
How does a rest home resident end up with maggots in his wounds? Nicholas Jones investigates.
As a father he taught them to cook shellfish over a corrugated tin camp fire.
Now 86, a failing heart had narrowed Evan's world to a strange room smelling of excrement and dotted with flies.
"Dad was at the stage where he wasn't really interacting a lot. He might mumble and he hung his head all the time," recalled his daughter, Corina, who asked for surnames to be withheld.
Advertisement
"When my brothers were there we would just sit there and chat. He could hear us. Every now and then if my arm was on the chair he would reach out and pat it."
He found his voice when Corina and her brother spoke of the need to keep raising problems with staff at Pukekohe's Palms Lifecare rest home.
Nothing had been done about the flies, for example. As they spoke, Evan lifted his head and locked eyes with Corina.
"He said, 'They know when you are coming, change your time.' Then he put his head back down. My brother and I just looked at each other."
When Corina's brother arrived the next morning a nurse was soaking Evan's feet. He groaned and cried as tweezers plucked maggots from under his big toenail and between his toes.
"My brother could see them in the water," Corina said.
"Crawling up the side of the bowl."
A heart-wrenching decision
In childhood Corina and her siblings often fell asleep to a sewing machine's whir.
"Mum and dad tried to get farmhouses as the rent was cheaper," she said. "So if mum milked morning and night, dad would go to work during the day. My mum also sewed for a company at night, so we would all go to bed as kids and you would hear her sewing.
"We didn't have a lot, but we didn't know it back then. We were all so loved."
Evan worked as a mechanical engineer. He loved to tinker and invented contraptions, including a drilling rig that could be helicoptered into remote sites, and an early model road sweeping truck.
As well as their own kids he and his wife fostered many children over the years, working with social welfare and police.
The owners of Palms Lifecare says it takes the investigation findings extremely seriously. Photo / Brett Phibbs
The couple later lived with Corina for 20 years, helping raise grandchildren and changing tack after a diagnosis of cancer and then Parkinson's disease.
"Mum's dream was to run her own cafe. So they got some money together and opened one in Pukekohe. They did that until mum's Parkinson's meant they couldn't anymore."
Corina lost her mother four years ago. Evan loved the open road, she said, and thought nothing of driving his Chevy to Napier and back on a day off. But age caught him too, and after a second stay in Middlemore Hospital a family conference was called.
Their patriarch had an end-stage heart condition, pneumonia, signs of mild dementia and required a catheter. His heart struggled to pump blood to badly swollen legs. Ulcers developed and skin peeled away.
"His wound care was way out of my league. I said to the doctor, my family and dad, that I just couldn't do it anymore. I'm scared to leave him and go to work," Corina said.
"He was heartbroken, I know that. And I live with the pain of no longer being able to care for him."
Arrival at Palms Lifecare
Moving into aged care is something more of us will face. There are about 83,000 New Zealanders aged 85 or older – a number forecast to rise to up to 284,000 by 2043 and 467,000 by 2068.
Evan qualified for terminal care funding, meaning he wasn't expected to live longer than six weeks.
Soon his family had cause for worry. One Monday Corina found him soiled, with mess around the room. She said it took 40 minutes to get the attention of a staff member and nurse, and insist they shower Evan and clean the room.
Corina had to leave, but made sure her brother checked in the next day. He rang to say the room stank, and their father had faeces on his hands and up his back, with mess still on a chair and floor. He complained to the duty nurse, and again after still smelling faeces after a care assistant had helped his father.
Corina went in the next afternoon and said she was confronted by the same scene: "there was still faeces on the chair. Faeces on his clothes. On the floor."
After another call to the nurse Evan was finally taken for showering, she said, and his bedding changed.
Pain relief was also a problem. Evan was mostly given paracetamol, and Corina said he lacked capacity to ask for stronger medication.
She believes he would have been in agony during movement and dressing changes – when in Middlemore he would cry out when a specialist gently blew on his legs to test his pain.
The same wounds wept which, in the middle of summer and with no air conditioning, attracted flies. The family bought a fan and an automatic fly spray, Corina said, after staff did nothing.
"Sometimes they would try and put a sheet on him, but the sheet touching his skin hurt and he would pull it off."
When her brother saw the maggots he demanded a doctor, but was told the GP was busy that day. Corina arrived in the evening and said she had to insist on at least daily dressing changes and better pain relief. She was told the GP couldn't come for another two days.
A nurse removes more maggots from Evan's wounds. Photo / Supplied
In the meantime, she tried to find somewhere else for her father to go. That wasn't easy, something she later raised with the DHB.
"I had to go through the social worker – so it wasn't going to happen that week or the next. How are [Palms staff] going to treat him once they know we want him moved?
"[The DHB] said they couldn't take him to hospital. I should have somehow wheeled him out, driven down the road and called an ambulance."
"Very upset @ 10.00 hrs"
Distressed, on March 7 Corina rang into Radio Live talkback, which led to a visit by a clinical specialist nurse from Counties Manukau DHB. The DHB's findings ultimately substantiated five failings.
"The soft tissue care plan does not consistently document dressing changes so there may have been a period of time in the days before the maggots were found when the resident's wound was not assessed and evaluated," the report noted.
That meant "the eggs could fully develop into maggots without being disrupted".
Dressings were to be done every other day. However, they were only documented on February 6, 8, 11, 18, 19, 25 and 28.
On February 28 a file entry states the dressing should be reviewed in two days. Whoever wrote it underlined the instruction, but the next recording was March 4 – two days before the maggots were found.
Seven to 10 maggots were removed from Evan's toe. Later that day a nurse washed his lower legs and picked out another four to five. The next day another was found.
Evan apparently wasn't showered around the time his family discovered him covered in faeces, and the DHB found it concerning "if this episode did occur" it didn't lead to a continence review.
He fell twice and had one "near miss fall" during his stay, resulting in a forehead laceration and bruising. Care plans, evaluations and neurological observations weren't properly carried out in response.
Palms' policy requires a registered nurse to document the progress of residents in hospital-level care at least daily. However, there were 10 days when no note was made, including two lots of successive days.
There were at least 12 days when only a caregiver made notes. When both a caregiver and nurse made entries, they could contradict.
For example, a caregiver wrote that Evan had stayed in the lounge all day without issue. The nurse entry recorded him as "very upset @ 10.00 hrs", taking his dressing gown off, and convinced staff were trying to kill him.
A fluid balance chart wasn't properly updated, and there was no evidence vital signs were watched as required.
Corina's father weighed more than 85kg on arrival in December. By January he had lost 9.5kg, but there was no record of such a drastic drop being evaluated.
No weight was recorded for February. In the early hours of March 9 he died, weighing 70kg.
A watchdog with bite?
Corina was disappointed the DHB couldn't fully substantiate two aspects of her family's complaint, including that Evan's condition deteriorated over a two-week period, and that they couldn't properly discuss this with staff.
She's sure her father suffered a stroke but said the nurse brushed off her concerns and request for a doctor. Photos clearly show a serious deterioration, she said.
As Evan approached day 10 of his Middlemore stay the family learned the term "bed blocker", a description for the mostly elderly who can't go home, but need to be moved on. DHBs fulfil a watchdog role over private rest home providers they also rely on to outsource care to.
Evan was moved from Middlemore Hospital to the rest home. Photo / Doug Sherring
Corina's family received the DHB report via Heritage Lifecare, the company that owns Palms and 25 other rest homes, including the country's largest rest home and hospital.
A Heritage representative gave the family a formal apology in person, and a copy of a media statement the company would release if necessary.
A spokeswoman for the company, now part-owned by Australian private equity firm Adamantem Capital after a deal in April, said existing procedures weren't followed and appropriate disciplinary action had taken place as a result.
"The company obviously deeply regrets the incident that took place but is confident - and this is supported by the DHB independent review - that such an incident does not occur again."
Executive chairman and founder David Renwick previously told the Herald shortcomings weren't related to staffing levels or training. Despite that, a corrective action plan agreed with the DHB included extra education for care and cleaning staff.
Asked about this and other issues, Renwick said in a statement: "we take the finding of these investigations extremely seriously and have reinforced to all staff at Palms and throughout the wider group the need to adhere to existing and proven procedures to deliver the very best care, in line with Heritage Lifecare's standards".
Counties Manukau DHB is confident residents at the 120-bed Palms are safe. A spokeswoman said it will keep working with Palms to "ensure an appropriate level of care". The DHB is satisfied changes are being implemented.
"Counties Manukau Health does not take a punitive approach to complaint management, preferring a collaborative approach to ensuring that corrective actions can be robustly implemented and sustained," the spokeswoman said.
DHB representatives met with Corina on Tuesday, following Herald inquiries. She is confident the DHB will take another look at the unsubstantiated findings.
"They are sincere personally and professionally in relation to this," Corina said. "Broadly, it sits with our Government to facilitate the changes required. The DHB is restrained by funding and resources."
A broken pledge
Rest home certification audits happen every 1-4 years, and a spot audit occurs around the middle of that period.
The Herald has reviewed more than 1000 audit reports for the country's 651 facilities, and found that since 2016 a third had shortfalls related to resident care.
Some of the failings outlined in the DHB report on Palms Lifecare come up time and time again in audits for other facilities.
The way Evan's wounds were treated wasn't good enough; almost 100 other facilities have had shortfalls in wound care.
He dropped almost 10kg but no care plan was developed; auditors found 30 other rest homes with the same failing.
Falls were not followed with the needed neurological observations; since 2016, 36 facilities failed to do the same.
There is concern the auditing process doesn't pick up problems. The Human Rights Commission views the auditing system as "inherently limited", and Consumer NZ wants it beefed-up.
The last audit for Palms Lifecare was in June 2017, with no shortfalls identified – effectively the best result auditors can give.
Associate Health Minister Jenny Salesa says improvements in aged care are on the way. Photo / Mark Mitchell
Jessica Wilson, Consumer NZ's head of research, said that showed residents could suffer unless a complaint was made.
The Herald has reported on complaint investigations at other facilities, including a lack of food and incontinence supplies, and a woman left shivering in a urine-soaked bed.
A 95-year-old slept in a recliner chair for 24 days because an adjustable bed wasn't available.
Consumer, Age Concern and Grey Power want reforms including voluntary care guidelines, which include staffing ratios, to be made mandatory and the establishment of an Aged Care Commissioner – steps Labour supported in Opposition.
A week before the election David Clark, now Health Minister, said an Aged Care Commissioner would be provided for in a Labour-led Government's first Budget.
That was delivered this month with no funding earmarked.
Associate Health Minister Jenny Salesa said in a statement that aged care was important to the coalition, but any future changes would be decided by all three parties – Labour, NZ First and the Greens.
"This is just one Budget and we will be working together to find ways to improve aged care."
Salesa said a review of mandatory Health and Disability Service Standards which rest homes are audited against had started, as had a review of how the sector was funded.
Care workers will get a second wage increase on July 1 after the Kristine Bartlett pay equity case, which Salesa said was expected to reduce turnover, improve qualification and therefore provide better care.
A wide-ranging review of the health system, announced on Tuesday, will include how the ageing population will affect services and care. A final report is not due until 2020.
About 36,000 people are in rest home and hospital care, and new facilities are being built across New Zealand.
Corina wanted to speak out to make sure "the person who takes dad's bed doesn't have the same thing happen to them".
"Dad didn't want to go in there. He was petrified. We promised he'd be looked after."
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 107 What Toys 'R' Us liquidation means to you Pause 87 New Brewhouse on tap for downtown Olympia 124 Confusing borders taxing on some local businesses -- the wrong ones 144 Grab your golden ticket and tour a cannabis candy factory 117 Longtime Bike Tech owners shifts gears towards retirement 116 A lighthearted look at Black Friday madness 97 A look at Amazon Key, a new in-home delivery service 86 Local family owned bread bakeries rises to the challenge 97 MiSo Fit Fast Fresh opens second location in Lacey 87 A close-up look at Instacart, an online grocery delivery service Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Toys “R” Us showed no signs of its brand's corporate turmoil Monday morning at its location near the Tacoma Mall. However, the chain's CEO said the plan is to liquidate all U.S. stores, and likely those in Australia, France, Poland, Portugal and Spain. Meta Viers McClatchy
Toys “R” Us showed no signs of its brand's corporate turmoil Monday morning at its location near the Tacoma Mall. However, the chain's CEO said the plan is to liquidate all U.S. stores, and likely those in Australia, France, Poland, Portugal and Spain. Meta Viers McClatchy
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- When the Missouri legislature convenes in Jefferson City this month, lawmakers will consider including targeted actions against law enforcement as hate crimes.
There are already tough laws in place for physically attacking a law enforcement officer.
But this proposal would impose stiffer penalties for any crime targeted at law enforcement because of their job.
Things like police cars being keyed, egged or vandalized would be classified as hate crimes.
Some are calling it "feel good" legislation that's unnecessary because cops should know there's an implied risk in their career.
The Ad Hoc Group Against Crime works with both police and citizens to safeguard the civil rights of every individual, regardless of the job they do.
"It's a reminder that first and foremost our law enforcement officers are people and people first," said Damon Daniel, executive director of the crime-fighting group. "But I also think it's a bit of a stretch to have an occupation be considered part of a hate crime."
The bill would expand the hate crime definition to cover all first responders, including firefighters and emergency medical technicians.
Last year, criminals shot more than 60 police officers in Missouri. That's why the Missouri Fraternal Order of Police supports designating acts that target first responders as hate crimes.
The Kansas City lodge of the FOP has not yet responded to FOX 4's request for comment on the proposal.
Lawmakers say some form of this legislation is expected to become law. There's broad support in Jefferson City for aggressively prosecuting any attack on public safety.
The solicitor representing the family of murdered Donegal woman Danielle McLaughlin says they are seeking any photographic or video images from the Holi Festival in Goa which she attended before she was murdered,
Danielle McLaughlin (28) was raped and killed in Goa on the west coast of India on March 13th. One local man has been charged with her murder but others are suspected of being involved.
Des Doherty told RTÉ's Morning Ireland that the Truth for Danielle Campaign, which was launched by her family in recent days, hopes to find some evidence which will be of assistance to police.
Phones and cameras
He said that any images so far have indicated there were many people using phones and cameras at the Holi, the Hindu spring festival, in Palolema, a coastal village in Goa. “If we can get any information, document, video that will help we will share with the authorities,” he said.
Mr Doherty added that they will look at all the footage in an effort to identify everyone who was at the festival.
He said he “had to have confidence” in the Indian judicial system. As an officer of the court in his own jurisdiction it was not up to him to express criticism in another jurisdiction.
Members of the public might feel more comfortable sharing any information they have with Ms McLaughlin's family, he said.
We are seeking to identify all potential witnesses from the footage and photographs that so many people have already sent to us
Ms McLaughlin's body was found in a nearby field with injuries to her head and face.
Footage
A spokesman for the Truth for Danielle Campaign said: “At this time we are especially interested in any mobile phone or cellular device footage that you may have, if you were present in Goa for the Holi Festival in the area of the Festival Valley at Palolem Beach and Collomb Bay on March 13th, 2017, and the days leading up to March 13th, 2017.
“We are seeking to identify all potential witnesses from the footage and photographs that so many people have already sent to us.
“If you feel that you can help at all please upload what images or footage you have with date, time and location, identifying any person that you can. Any assistance will be invaluable and much appreciated by Danielle's family, friends and legal team.”
A childhood friend of Ms McLaughlin has already released a music single to raise money to support the justice campaign. Anyone with information can upload images and footage to christytduffy@gmail.com or can contact Mr Doherty on des@desmondjdoherty.com.
–(Additional reporting: PA)
Forecasters said Alberto was moving northwest near the eastern Gulf of Mexico at 10 mph and that the storm would approach the northern Gulf Coast by Sunday night or Monday. The storm is forecast to become a tropical depression by Monday night or Tuesday.
In the 11 p.m. advisory, the National Hurricane Center said the storm's maximum sustained winds remained 65 miles per hour with higher gusts, much faster than the 45 mph winds recorded earlier Sunday. Alberto is currently located about 205 miles west of Tampa.
In the earlier advisory, forecasters discontinued the tropical storm warning along the west coast of Florida, south of the Anclote River. A storm surge watch was also discontinued along the northern Gulf Coast, west of Navarre. Still in effect is the tropical storm warning north of that point and up to the Mississippi-Alabama border.
But residents in the northern Gulf Coast will feel Alberto before they see the storm, forecasters say, adding that heavy rainfall and tropical storm conditions will likely reach the region by Sunday night. Those conditions will be felt along the warning zones on the west coast of Florida as well, according to the National Hurricane Center.
In the Florida Keys and the rest of South Florida, Alberto is expected to drop an additional three to six inches, with isolated storm totals of 10 inches, on Sunday, the hurricane center said. Forecasters warn that the storm could bring heavy rain and a risk of flooding and flash flooding to western Cuba, the Keys and South Florida through Sunday.
Bryce Tyner, meteorologist with National Weather Service Key West, said sustained winds at the Key West International Airport Saturday were recorded up to 40 mph. Saturday night, gusts were recorded between 39 mph and the upper 40-mph range, "and that was universal throughout the Keys," Tyner said.
The most heavy rainfall came Friday night into Saturday morning. A half an inch of rain fell Saturday in Key West, which was less than expected. Still, by Friday, 13.08 inches of rain were recorded for the month of May so far in the Southernmost City, making it the wettest May there since records began being kept in 1871. The previous record, 13.01 inches, was set in 1904, according to the weather service.
Miami-Dade County, expected to be spared from the worst of the storm, is forecast to face heavy rain in squalls, brief gusty winds no stronger than 40 mph and hazardous marine conditions, according to the National Weather Service in Miami.
Florida Gov. Rick Scott on Saturday issued a state of emergency for all 67 counties "to make sure that our state and local governments are able to coordinate with federal partners to get the resources they need."
"As we continue to monitor Subtropical Storm Alberto's northward path toward Florida, it is critically important that all Florida counties have every available resource to keep families safe and prepare for the torrential rain and severe flooding this storm will bring," he said.
— Martin Vassolo, David Goodhue and Monique O. Madan, Miami Herald
More than 15,000 migrants were saved from the Mediterranean by Irish Naval Service personnel between May 2015 and the end of last year. Some day one of those migrants may write the book Jim Callery and His Role in My Rescue.
It was through Callery's work that Ireland's conscience was pricked to action in May 2015 to help those people. In April 2015, a month before the LE Eithne left Haulbowline, Co Cork, on her first trip to the Mediterranean, Callery's daughter Caroilin commented that “while exploring our past we are always conscious that the experience is someone else's present”.
She was one of the group which had recently taken part in a 155km walk from the Famine Museum at Strokestown House in Co Roscommon to Dublin. Callery bought the house 36 years beforehand, and funded it and its Famine Museum.
Walk participants, in period costume, were commemorating an incident in 1847 which saw 1,490 starving tenants from the Mahon estate in Strokestown marched to Dublin, marshalled by bailiffs, to board the ship Naomi for Canada. “Seven hundred of them died at sea,” Caroilin Callery recalled.
As she and the others began their walk, she said she received a “gut-wrenching” text message stating that 700 migrants had drowned off the coast of Libya. The parallels were undeniable.
As they arrived at their destination, the Jeanie Johnston tall ship on Custom House Quay, the group were met by Callery, his wife Adeline, and Minister for Heritage Heather Humphreys, who said: “You've brought life to history, and history to life.”
Memorial wall
The previous May, Taoiseach Enda Kenny unveiled a memorial wall at Strokestown House bearing the names of the 1,490 people marched to Dublin to board the coffin ships, which were organised by landlord Major Denis Mahon.
When the ships – “rampant with cholera and typhus” – arrived in Canada, “the dead and living were huddled together”, and bodies were pulled from the ships with boat hooks, Kenny told an audience of ambassadors , TDs and returned emigrants.
Take a bow, Mr Callery, for reminding us of something about which we needed reminding
About a year later, on May 15th, 2015, Kenny highlighted Ireland's familiarity with such tragedies. Speaking to the crew of the LE Eithne as it prepared to leave Cork on that first mission to the Mediterranean, he said “it is in our history and personality and in our DNA in Ireland having dealt with coffin ships after the time of the Famine and the Great Hunger”.
Take a bow, Mr Callery, for reminding us of something about which we needed reminding.
When Callery took over Strokestown House in 1979, there were no official commemorations of the Famine. We had buried it and moved on.
He was not an obvious candidate to bring the past back to life. He worked as a farmer on leaving school, and opened a filling station in Strokestown where he sold used cars and tractors. In 1968, he got a break, becoming a Chrysler dealer.
By the mid-1970s his Westward motor group was doing well, but his coup de grace came in 1976 when he was appointed Irish distributor for Scania trucks.
This was not without stealth. He heard two senior Scania executives were staying at a hotel in Ballsbridge, Dublin, and set off from Roscommon at an unearthly hour and waylaid the two Swedes in the hotel at 7am, convincing them to come west with him. They did, and the rest is history.
Sculptures of Famine victims on Dublin's Custom House Quay. In 1847, 1,490 starving tenants from the Mahon estate in Strokestown marched to Dublin to board a coffin ship for Canada. File photograph: Getty Images
Documents
Through those years of robust growth he clashed again and again with the Pakenham Mahon family at Strokestown Park as his business was so close to their estate. He later heard the estate was being sold, and bought it from Olive Hales Pakenham Mahon in 1979 for about IR£400,000 (excluding contents) prior to auction.
Callery was taken aback when he discovered more than 55,000 documents, many relating to the Famine, in the house. He felt he had been entrusted with safeguarding a legacy, and the National Famine Museum later emerged.
One of the first things he found among those documents was an 1846 petition from his own townland of Cloonahee – a plea from the tenants for help as they faced another winter of starvation. “We cannot much longer withstand their cries for food,” they wrote.
He found the document in the “smoking room” of the crumbling house, which he has since restored. “I was speechless and, I can tell you, I read it more than once.”
“We are not for joining in anything illegal or contrary to the laws of God or the land unless pressed to by hunger,” the tenants had warned.
Financially it's been a bit of a disaster. The constant cost of repairs, refurbishment and upkeep are a nightmare
The Famine Museum has many such documents, as well as records of torrid events from the period, including the assassination of Mahon a year after he sent hundreds of tenants to their deaths on the coffin ships.
Dug the hole myself
Callery said of Strokestown House recently that “financially it's been a bit of a disaster. The constant cost of repairs, refurbishment and upkeep are a nightmare. That said, I dug the hole myself.”
Then, in October 2015, the Taoiseach announced that Strokestown Park and National Famine Museum would be operated by the Irish Heritage Trust for the following decade. It was a much needed and deserved fillip.
News last week that Callery has won one of the major European awards in the heritage field, – a 2017 European Union Prize for Cultural Heritage/Europa Nostra Award for dedicated service to heritage (through his work on the museum and archive at Strokestown House) – will have delighted many.
That he has also been selected as a candidate for the Public Choice Award to be be announced in Turku, Finland, next month will underline that satisfaction.
Votes can be cast online at http://vote.europanostra.org/
Final Fantasy XII: The Zodiac Age, a remastered version of the 2006 PS2 classic, came out on PC yesterday. Good news: the port is pretty solid.
As a brand-new PC Expert, I spent an hour this afternoon playing through the opening of FFXII on PC. After switching the framerate cap to 60—it starts at 30 by default—I was able to play at 1440p with no framerate drops the entire time. It looks lovely, and it'll be hard to go back to the PS4 version after playing the game at 60fps (even though I've sunk 30+ hours into that one).
Some Steam users have complained about getting stuck on 2x mode, but I haven't experienced anything like that. You can switch to 2x speed by hitting F2 and 4x speed by hitting F3, or go back to normal with F1.
The PC port also supports a DualShock 4 right out the box, and even gives you the option to switch between X and O as your confirm button. Other options include depth of field, anti-aliasing, and a bunch of other technical toggles that will no doubt please hardcore players.
For more on Final Fantasy XII: The Zodiac Age—especially if you're considering checking it out on PC—read my review:
Just in few days PokerLion turn into the most prominent online poker website in India. The poker gaming site is committed for just Indian Players. What's more, now they have launched the android application for the poker players who love to play poker on their Mobile phone. To play poker on PokerLion through your mobile device, follow these simple steps (if you are already registered with PokerLion, skip to stage 5, under “Playing Poker with PokerLion on Your Mobile”):
Creating An PokerLion Account
1. Open your mobile browser and go to https://www.pokerlion.com
2. Go To the link Download PokerLion APP or follow the Link : http://bit.ly/PokerLionApp
3. Download the App and Install it. Then open the App on your device. If you have already an account then Log In with your email ID and password.
4. If you don't have created yet then click the Sign Up link. Put your email Id, User Name, Password, and create the account. And start Play Poker Online.
Playing Poker With PokerLion At Your Mobile
5. Log In to your account, go to your Dashboard.
6. Go to “Play Poker Now”
7. Choose your preferred tournament, Register to the game.
8. Learn, Play And Earn…Be a Real Poker Lion Only At PokerLion.
PokerLion also introduced some offers to Poker players of India. If you are new to PokerLion then you can grab the opportunity to avail these exciting offers. Some of the offers are:
• Download the APP and get Rupees 500 as welcome Bonus
• Refer a friend and get Rupees 1000 as Referral Bonus
• 50% Deposit Bonus
• Get a Chance to Participate In Match IPL Season-3
And many more…
Oregon's immediate post-Dillon Brooks future got considerably brighter Wednesday.
The Ducks received a commitment from Illinois State graduate transfer MiKyle McIntosh, he announced via social media.
The 6-foot-7 McIntosh was one of the most highly sought after grad transfers on the market after he put up 12.5 points and 5.6 rebounds per game last season for the Redbirds. He shot 41 percent from the field and 34.8 percent from 3-point range while also averaging 1.8 assists per night.
Like many grad transfers in June, McIntosh's impact may be overstated some given the shallowness of the market and the rapid approach of fall semesters everywhere, but he'll be able to bring quite a bit to the table for Dana Altman's group, which is coming off the program's first Final Four in over 70 years.
With Brooks, along with Jordan Bell and Tyler Dorsey, opting to leave early for the NBA, Oregon will certainly be in reload mode in 2017-18, and having McIntosh, as skilled and experienced player, will help bridge the gap as the program's high-touted 2017 recruiting class finds its footing.
The postponed Champions Cup fixture between Saracens and ASM Clermont Auvergne will now be played today (Monday, 11 December) at 5.30pm watch live on BT Sport.
With continuing adverse weather conditions expected in the vicinity of the stadium, it has been decided that due to health and safety concerns, the Pool 2 match will be played behind closed doors and no spectators will be permitted to attend.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua (AP) — Nicaraguan authorities released some student protesters arrested during anti-government demonstrations over the past week as President Daniel Ortega sought to lower tensions Tuesday.
With freshly shaved heads and some bearing bruises they said were inflicted by police during their captivity, students were dropped along a highway on the outskirts of the capital.
The police said in a statement that students were handed over to their families and religious committees.
Five of Nicaragua's private broadcasters have also returned to the air after having their signals interrupted during the height of the protests. The last was 100% Noticias, which regained its signal Monday.
Advertisement
Miguel Mora, director of the outlet, said, "This is the triumph of the people and the banishment of censorship."
The White House released a statement condemning "the violence and repression propagated by the government of Nicaragua and any closing of media." It called for dialogue and democratic reforms.
On Sunday, Ortega backed off a social security overhaul that would have increased contributions and reduced pensions. The changes had triggered protests that soon spread beyond the social security system. Human rights groups say at least 30 people were killed in the violence and some 150 protesters were arrested.
Pablo Cuevas of the Permanent Commission on Human Rights accused police of violating students' due process and being guilty of beatings and theft.
"Everything related to the detention, beatings, robberies and abuses by the police we're going to document and take to the international human rights organizations," Cuevas said.
MEDIA RELEASE
Hawaii, HI, March 19- Average retail gasoline prices in Hawaii have risen 13.0 cents per gallon in the past week, averaging $3.77/g yesterday, according to GasBuddy's daily survey of 355 gas outlets in Hawaii. This compares with the national average that has increased 2.5 cents per gallon in the last week to $2.54/g, according to gasoline price website GasBuddy.com.
Including the change in gas prices in Hawaii during the past week, prices yesterday were 70.0 cents per gallon higher than the same day one year ago and are 8.8 cents per gallon higher than a month ago. The national average has increased 2.9 cents per gallon during the last month and stands 25.3 cents per gallon higher than this day one year ago.
According to GasBuddy historical data, gasoline prices on March 19 in Hawaii have ranged widely over the last five years:
$3.07/g in 2017, $2.53/g in 2016, $3.14/g in 2015, $4.16/g in 2014 and $4.37/g in 2013.
Areas near Hawaii and their current gas price climate:
Alaska- $3.06/g, up 1.2 cents per gallon from last week's $3.05/g.
Anchorage- $2.95/g, flat from last week's $2.95/g.
Honolulu- $3.36/g, up 3.5 cents per gallon from last week's $3.32/g.
“Gas prices remained mostly in check over the last week, yet the national average pushed higher than seasonal factors continue to weigh on the market, led by jumps at the pump in some Great Lakes states over the weekend,” said Patrick DeHaan, head of petroleum analysis for GasBuddy. “The national average now stands at its highest level in over a month and is likely to continue moving higher in the weeks ahead as demand continues to recover from the winter blues and the transition to summer gasoline kicks into high gear. Overall, gas prices this spring will come in some 10-25% higher than a year ago, removing billions of dollars from other areas of the economy that will instead be funneled to the pump.”
For Hawaii Island gas prices and trends visit — www.hawaii247.com/gas
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
Image copyright Google Image caption Seyed Khan was found dead at Ilford Cemetery at about 12:00 on Thursday, 1 February
A man who had been missing for a week before his body was found in a cemetery died of "extensive head injuries", police have said.
Seyed Khan's body was discovered at Ilford Cemetery on Thursday.
The 49-year-old had last been seen at his home address in Thamesmead on 24 January, when he left to go to work at A-Z Carpets in Ilford. His car was found in High Road.
Detectives have arrested a 30-year-old man on suspicion of murder.
Det Insp Domenica Catino, from the Metropolitan Police, said Mr Khan made a phone call at 18:55 GMT on the evening he went missing and was not seen afterwards.
"While we have made an arrest, we would encourage anyone with information about this incident to contact us immediately."
A post-mortem examination was carried out on Friday.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt has made six changes from the starting XV that beat USA 55-19 for Saturday's first test against Japan (kick-off 6.0am Irish time) at the Ecopa stadium in the province of Honshu.
Josh van der Flier, who is fit and even spoke to the travelling Irish media on Tuesday about this fixture, is replaced at openside by Dan Leavy.
Van der Flier will not feature at all as Jack O'Donoghue gets an opportunity from the bench despite a mixed season for Munster when he didn't feature in the biggest matches.
Only Garry Ringorse and Keith Earls are retained in the backline but Simon Zebo shakes off wear and tear to return at fullback.
Andrew Conway will win his second cap at right wing, Rory Scannell comes in for Luke Marshall at 12 and Luke McGrath is preferred over Kieran Marmion at scrumhalf.
Marshall (sore foot) was the only injury concern; the Ulster centre does not make the match day squad.
The game will marks first international starts for Conway, Scannell and McGrath.
Jet lag
Considering rising temperatures and increased humidity in Japan this weekend, coupled with ongoing jet lag issues following the 14 hour direct flight from New York to Tokyo, and the team's only full training run being this morning, Ireland are facing a massive challenge against Jamie Joseph's Brave Blossoms.
“Preparations have been brief, pretty brief,” said Schmidt. “The work rate in training today was really good because I think the players are very conscious that it is the only training we will get this week, so they wanted to make sure that they got as much clarity and got a bit of rhythm as best they could.
“It wasn't perfect, and it seldom is, but hopefully we will be a little more cohesive by the time we kick off on Saturday.
Andrew Conway makes his first international start against Japan. Photograph: Ryan Byrne/Inpho
“Trying to acclimatise has been very difficult,” he continued. “We did have the advantage of playing in very hot temperatures in New Jersey last weekend but we left the hotel on Sunday morning and by the time we arrived here it was Monday night.
“You are very jumbled from the different time zones and so that has taken a toll but it certainly won't be considered than anything other than an imposition in the early part of the week and by the end of the week we have to make sure we are ready to go.”
The recovery process has been extremely difficult with players waking up in the middle of the night and being shattered after a full day in Schmidt's notoriously demanding environment.
Inexperience
James Tracy, Finlay Bealham, along with uncapped duo Kieran Treadwell and Rory O'Loughlin are also added to the match day squad as replacements.
The team, led by Rhys Ruddock, has a total of 280 caps - 176 of them divvied up between Devin Toner, Cian Healy and Keith Earls - which averages less than 19 appearances per man.
“I think we have some injured guys at home might otherwise have been with us,” Schmidt continued in reference to laid up veterans Rob Kearney, Jamie Heaslip, Sean Cronin and even Jordi Murphy. “They would have added a bit of guidance and experience, some of them have played here before, but I think it is a great opportunity to learn who can adapt and who can adapt the fastest because some of these players are being thrown in the deep end and I have to say the coaching staff are looking forward to seeing how they go.
“They have worked hard away from the pitch to make sure they get themselves as organised as possible and hopefully that is apparent on Saturday.”
Meanwhile Joseph has made five changes from the side that beat Romania 33-21 last Saturday with Auckland born former-Australian rugby league centre William Tupou winning his first cap in midfield beside Samoan Timothy Lafaele.
28-year-old New Zealand-born flanker Michael Leitch, a regular for the Chiefs in Super Rugby, is supported by Tongan number eight Amanaki Mafi in a menacing backrow, while Fumiaki Tanaka is a proven scrumhalf in Super Rugby with the Highlanders and more recently the Sunwolves.
Ireland: S Zebo; A Conway, G Ringrose, R Scannell, K Earls; P Jackson, L McGrath; C Healy, N Scannell, J Ryan; Q Roux, D Toner; R Ruddock (capt), D Leavy, J Conan. Replacements: J Tracy, D Kilcoyne, F Bealham, K Treadwell, J O'Donoghue, K Marmion, R O'Loughlin, T O'Halloran.
Japan: Ryuji Noguchi; Kotaro Matsushima, William Tupou, Timothy Lafaele, Kenki Fukuoka; Yu Tamura, Fumiaki Tanaka; Keita Inagaki, Shota Horie, Heiichiro Ito; Kotaro Yatabe, Uwe Helu; Michael Leitch (capt), Yoshitaka Tokanuga, Amanaki Mafi. Replacements: Yusuke Niwai, Shintaro Ishihara, Takuma Asahara, Hendrik Tui, Shuhei Matsuhashi, Yutake Nagare, Derek Carpenter, Rikiya Matsuda
Speed up business decisions and increase ROI with Loadspring's functional and intuitive Cloud Platform. The tool gives users ultimate control over their projects and collaborations.
[WILMINGTON, 05/30/2018] – Loadspring is an expert in Cloud portfolio management, and it is committed to making jobs faster, easier, and more convenient for clients. It offers a smart Cloud platform that gives users instant project data and KPIs at a glance.
Project Management Made Easier
Loadspring makes it easier for users to make fast and informed project decisions. Its Cloud platform gives clients absolute control over their projects and collaborations. The LoadSpring Cloud platform functions as a user's digital gateway to the Cloud by delivering more than 200 project management applications, as well as instant access to project status, user training, licensing, and more.
Besides having several tools at their disposal, the powerful Cloud-enabling platform provides clients with ultimate accessibility and iron-clad security.
Customized Project Management Solutions
Loadspring designs its solutions to help users achieve greater project management efficiency and a greater ROI. The LoadSpring Cloud Platform features optional custom cloud environments, tailor-made to user specific business needs.
The platform is an ideal connection to the Cloud because it contains user applications specifically for engineering/construction, oil/energy and other project heavy industries, as well as custom integrations, and disaster recovery features. The customizable dashboard provides instant and useful information that helps clients make better business decisions.
A Streamlined Interface for Mobile Devices
Stay active and connected to key projects by accessing the company's interface from any mobile device. With it, clients can keep working on the field while getting up-to-date reports on the project's progress. Through LoadspringMobile, users can view the dashboard right from their fingertips, without needing full application licenses.
The cloud project management tool is easy to use: with single-sign on users simply log in once to their accounts, select a function, and manage project information from there.
About Loadspring
Loadspring optimizes Cloud-forward strategies to prevent risks and create value. The company hosts Cloud-based project management and engineering software solutions to help businesses achieve their goals and simplify their complex project needs.
For more information, visit https://www.loadspring.com/.
Are you looking for an Oriental escorts London to keep you busy during your business trip to London? If you are then you have the option to choose from some of the top oriental escorts London. These escorts are handpicked by the top escort agencies in London and they are trained to make your London stay special. To find an Asian escort London, it is best to look at these top agencies.
You can do this before commencing your journey to London because all of them have their websites from where you can pick and choose your escort. Finding your escort online is a highly convenient option don't you think? Or would you rather arrive in London to find your escort? The latter option is always there but it can be fraught with danger. Imagine going out in the evening because you have the addresses of some escort agencies.
Even if you manage to visit some of these agencies and pick an escort, would this entire episode go unnoticed? If not anyone else, your cab driver would know what you are up to. How would you want to avoid their amused glance? And then how do you know you wouldn't end up dealing with a shady agency and put yourself in danger?
The idea is not to scare you because there are top escort agencies that have plush offices and they offer you the best girls to choose from. But there is always the question of chance, something you would not want to get into. This is the reason it is best to make your arrangement before you arrive in London so that there is no need to hunt for your Asian escort London in the city.
Trying to find from the best oriental escorts London online is much easier. You Google for some of the top escort agencies in London and a fairly long list would be displayed on the screen. Visit some of the links Google displays to you and you should be able to home in on a couple of agencies you would want to deal with. Visit the websites of these agencies and have a look at the portfolios of their escorts. The oriental escorts of London are from the South-East and Far East Asia and they are as stunning as they come. The agencies are transparent in their dealings with clients like you so that there are no issues later with the price and the place and so on. More importantly, the entire transaction will be conducted in total privacy and you can make your booking without even stepping out of your home.
Your chosen oriental escort can make your London stay something not to be forgotten about. These high-class escorts are trained to effectively manage high profile clients like you. Your escort will ensure that you are rightly pampered and given that grandiose feeling as you spend your time with her. There are times when you want all this and what could be a better time than this?
Oriental escorts London is among the most preferred in the city. You can book an Asian escort London online and keep the arrangement private.
Armor protection systems are used to protect armored vehicle and soldiers from enemy attacks. The global rising concern for security is resulting into the need for armor protection systems for vehicle and soldier's safety. The market is expected to witness strong growth during the forecast period.
There are several factors driving the demand for armor protection systems globally. The rising concern for terrorist activities in countries like Belgium, the U.S., and France among others has led to need for body armor and armor protection systems for the armed forces. Furthermore, these armor protection systems are flame resistant and shield the soldiers from heat during bomb attacks.
Moreover Kevlar body armors are light and extremely strong against bullet attacks. Hence these are also preferred for the defense and law enforcement agencies. In addition, the traditional body armor is gradually being replaced with interceptor body armor systems which include ballistic plates. The body armor system includes collar device which protects the collar and throat, groin protector, axillary protection systems, back extender, combat diapers, side plate carriers and upper leg protector.
The ballistic plate protects the armor from bullets from handgun and submachine gun. Furthermore it can also withstand lower velocity fragments. For vehicles, the armor protection systems are built with steel and heat absorbing materials which are soft and elastic in nature. These armor protection systems are even capable of countering anti-tank missiles, RPGs and roadside bombs. These factors are aiding to the growth of armor protection systems and the market is expected to grow significantly during the forecast period.
Brochure With The Latest Advancements and Application https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22076
However, there are certain factors which are pulling the growth of the market to a certain extent. These armors are very heavy and hence slows the speed of the vehicle and soldiers considerably which is risky certain situations. Hence the factor is posing as a restraint for the global armor protection systems market. Furthermore, the high cost of armor protection systems is hindering the demand for protection systems in developing regions like the Middle East & Africa and Latin America considerably.
Nevertheless, research and developments are being conducted to develop light weight yet strong hybrid armor protection systems. These protection systems will be capable of providing necessary protection from small caliber weapons and the new form of weapons such as biochemical weapons. Hence the market for armor protection systems is expected to grow significantly in future.
The global armor protection system can be bifurcated into types and geography. By types, the market can be broadly segmented into soldier protection systems and vehicle protection systems. The vehicle protection system is expected to dominate the global market in terms of revenue due to the increasing adoption of these systems by defense bodies in countries like the U.K., France and the U.S. among others. However, the rising threats of terrorist activities are expected to surge the demand for soldier protection systems significantly during the forecast period.
Table of Content For Detail Analysis https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=22076
By geography, the global market for armor protection systems has been segmented into five primary regions which include North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa and Latin America. North America and Europe are actively focusing on using armor protection systems for their soldiers and vehicle and hence the regions are expected to be dominant during the forecast period.
However, the Asia Pacific and Middle East and Africa regions are also expected to drive the demand for armor protection systems in future due to the ongoing terrorist activities in countries like Iraq and Syria. Hence the demand is expected to rise during the forecast period.
The major players in the UAV surveillance systems market include Rheinmetall Defence, ArmourWorks International, AirBoss Defense, Force 21 Equipment P Ltd., C.P.E Production Oy, Clifton Steel and International Armor Group among other manufacturers.
I love Souls games, but until recently, I hadn't played much of the first Dark Souls. That's changed with Dark Souls: Remastered, and it's been a fascinating experience.
It took me a while to fully get on board the Souls train. Here's my history with this series, which I actually have a feeling isn't all that uncommon:
I played a few hours of Demon's Souls in 2009 after seeing a bunch of smart people raving about it online, but couldn't get my head around it. It seemed too janky, too awkward, and too difficult.
When Dark Souls came out in 2011, I was still intimidated by these kinds of games, and didn't even try it. I had just started writing for Kotaku, and remember my then-colleague Michael McWhertor chiding the rest of the staff for giving our Game of the Year award to Skyrim instead of Dark Souls all while wondering if, based on his review of the game and the fact that so few of us had played it, he maybe had a point.
By the time Dark Souls 2 hit in 2014, I was ready to give another Souls game a shot. I played a significant amount of that game, maybe 10 or so hours. It was enough to defeat The Pursuer (easily the toughest Souls boss I'd ever defeated), unlock a bunch of areas, and get my head around the combat. I remember being bummed out by how many people disliked the game and feeling like I'd missed the boat on this series. I eventually lost interest and stopped playing.
Advertisement
In 2015, Bloodborne changed everything for me. This was it: the FromSoftware game I'd been waiting for. I devoured it, and still think of it regularly. It remains one of my favorite video games. I wrote a ton about it for Kotaku, and even wrote our mega-tips-post for the game. I was a convert.
After Bloodborne, I attempted to go back and play the original Dark Souls, but it was never quite the right time. It was so much slower than Bloodborne, and so much more complicated. My longest attempt got me past the Taurus Demon and then I kind of lost interest. Part of the problem was that I had modded the PC version to get it running at 60fps but there were enough lingering bugs (for example, I couldn't quit the game normally without getting stuck at a black screen) that I never quite felt like diving in.
Dark Souls 3 came out just a year after Bloodborne, and once again I was fully sucked in. I sank a good 80 hours into that game, even as I saw the complaints that the series still hadn't quite recaptured the first game's glory. I played some of the DLC as well, though I didn't finish everything.
I obsessively played Team Ninja's Nioh when it came out in 2017. Ugh, that game is so good. While not a FromSoftware game, it was yet another Souls-ish game that I allowed to utterly consume me.
It's 2018, and Dark Souls Remastered is out. Turns out this is what I was waiting for—a largely unaltered version of Dark Souls redone for modern systems, with a bunch of new players on the servers.
Advertisement
The experience of really buckling down and playing Dark Souls after sinking so many hours into its sequels and successors is, I would imagine, a little like going back to the first Captain America and Thor movies after first watching Avengers: Infinity War. Narratively, I'm seeing characters at the beginning that I've already met at the middle and the end. I've run into recurring characters like Solare of Astora and the jolly Onion Knight, Siegmeyer of Catarina, for the first time, despite the fact that I already know them from the sequels and years of memes. I'm also learning firsthand about the various mechanical refinements and changes From has made over the years, not all of which have necessarily improved the series' formula.
Dark Souls' intricate level design is easily its most striking aspect, at least for someone accustomed to the less tightly-wound regions of Bloodborne and Dark Souls 3. Dark Souls' kingdom of Lordran is dense and actually pretty small, a collection of stacked regions built like an intricate Lego construction.
Advertisement
Back in 2015, one of my colleagues posted some fantastic artwork by Tettix that showed the whole kingdom in cross-section. I remember being surprised by how vertical it all was. When I heard people talking about Dark Souls, I tended to picture the game like I picture most games: as a string of discrete chapters moving along a horizontal axis. Tettix's illustration captured a more fascinating truth:
Equally significant is the lack of a fast-travel option, mostly because of how it impacts the level design. I knew that Dark Souls 2's addition of fast-travel had been controversial—really a reversion to a norm established in Demon's Souls, which also had fast-travel—though it took seeing Dark Souls in action to understand why. Both Bloodborne and Dark Souls 3 allowed you to fast-travel from save points, which as I played those games struck me as a pleasant convenience. But playing Dark Souls underlines just how fundamentally a lack of fast-travel can change one of these games.
Advertisement
After making my way through the Undead Burg, defeating the Taurus Demon and surviving a dash across the Wyvern-guarded bridge, I found myself safe by a bonfire in the Undead Parish. (I did not discover the kick-down ladder back to the Undead Burg until much later. What can I say, it's easy to miss.) I made my way past a big armored boar, fought a bunch of smaller undead dudes, did some dying, and finally started to feel like I was getting a handle on the new area. But I was also feeling unmoored in a way that I've never quite felt in a Souls game, because there was no easy way for me to get back to where I'd started.
In Bloodborne as in Dark Souls 2 and 3, it's a cinch to return to your home base at any point to rest, recharge, and upgrade your gear. This was also true in Demon's Souls, meaning the feature's removal in Dark Souls was an experiment that was never repeated. Dark Souls' Firelink Shrine feels like a similar safe zone to those other games, but there's no way to quickly teleport there.
Advertisement
That had a noticeable effect on my mindset during that first excursion into the Undead Parish. The farther I got, the more I felt like I was out on my own. I crept through the cathedral at the top of the Parish and found what looked like an elevator built into the confessional. What followed was something I've never quite experienced in a Souls game.
I climbed on the elevator, unsure where it would take me.
Advertisement
Down I plunged, until I saw a familiar aqua green hue through the window.
Could it be… it was!
Advertisement
I had just unlocked a shortcut all the way back down to Firelink Shrine. I had been expecting that kind of thing from this game, but it was an eye-opening experience just the same. So this is how this game works, I thought. Without fast-travel, every point in Lordran must be connected to every other point by a series of shortcuts. In order to quickly get around, I'll have to mentally chart the entire game, with no shortcuts or fast-travel options to break things up.
Bloodborne pulls a similar trick with a massive ladder up from the depths of the Forbidden Woods connecting back to the starting area of Central Yharnam. But that shortcut felt substantially different because of Bloodborne's fast-travel. I could have warped to Central Yharnam any time I pleased, thanks to Bloodborne's workshop hub and lantern warping. It was neat to see how the woods connected to the city, but it was an academic sort of neatness, not a functional one.
I understand how Bloodborne's structure benefits from a more diffuse arrangement of levels—some of the regions are set amid dreamscapes and on alternate planes of reality, after all. But Dark Souls' approach makes for a more extreme distillation of the thing I love most about these games—mastering levels by exploring every nook and cranny. I can already understand why people lamented the re-addition of fast-travel in later games.
Advertisement
Navigation is the most immediately noticeable difference between Dark Souls and its successors, but I've noticed plenty of other changes, as well. There's the overall slowness compared with later games, with roll-dodges enabled only along a four-way axis instead of the eight-way diagonal-axes of later games. Enemies are slower too, and less aggressive than I've gotten used to in Bloodborne or even Dark Souls 3. There's the fact that backstabbing is notoriously easier in Dark Souls, which I've been happy to exploit by hugging and circling low-level enemies when we fight. There's the overall graphical simplicity compared with later games, which makes areas easier to “read” at a glance, if occasionally a little drab.
There's also the fact that this game already has years' worth of accumulated knowledge built up around it. That made it easy to watch guides leading to the best starting weapons and armor, an indulgence I aborted when I realized how quickly it was undermining the process of joyful discovery that makes me love these games. I did a well-known suicide run into the Valley of the Drakes to grab the Dragon Shield and Astora's Straight Sword, and immediately regretted it. Better to discover things on my own.
Advertisement
It's common to only get into a video game series on its second or third iteration. The developers working on a franchise have many years to work out kinks and refine their approach, to the point that sometimes, the early games just don't hold up. I'm happy to say that Dark Souls holds up, and helps me better appreciate the subsequent Souls games I've already played and mastered. After spending years falling in love with what this series has become, my return to Dark Souls has helped me better appreciate where so much of it began. It's been an unusual sort of homecoming, but a welcome one.
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Red Eagle Exploration Limited (TSX VENTURE: XR) is pleased to announce that Leo Hathaway and Ben Pullinger have been appointed to the board of directors. Red Eagle Mining nominees Tim Petterson and Jay Sujir have resigned from the board of Red Eagle Exploration, though they remain directors of Red Eagle Mining. The board of directors of Red Eagle Exploration now consists of Red Eagle Mining nominees Ian Slater and Bob Bell and independent directors Leo Hathaway and Ben Pullinger.
Leo Hathaway is a geologist with extensive experience in the exploration and mining sector from grassroots to feasibility and development stage projects. He currently serves as Senior Vice President Exploration for Lumina Gold, Chief Geological Officer for Anfield Gold and Executive Vice President Exploration for Libero Mining. Since 2004, Mr. Hathaway was formerly Chief Geological Officer for Lumina Copper, Vice President Exploration for Northern Peru Copper, Regalito Copper, Global Copper and Lumina Resources, as well as a partner in Lumina Capital LP. Prior to 2004, he worked for Inmet Mining in Europe, Australia, Central and South America. Mr. Hathaway holds a B.Sc. (Hons) degree in Applied Geology from the University of Plymouth, a M.Sc. in Mineral Exploration from the University of London and a P.Geo from the Association of Professional Geoscientists of Ontario.
Leo Hathaway was a senior consultant to Ventana Gold's technical team guiding exploration, geological modelling, resource estimation and representatively of metallurgical sampling. Ventana Gold held La Bodega gold deposit which is adjacent and along strike from Red Eagle Exploration's California Gold Project.
Ben Pullinger has over 12 years of experience in advancing projects from early stage exploration through to production including marketing, financing, planning and execution. Currently Mr. Pullinger serves as Vice President Geology for Excellon Resources. Most recently, he was Vice President Exploration for Roxgold where he made a significant contribution towards growing the 55 Zone at the Yaramoko Project in Burkina Faso from a small inferred gold resource into a producing mine, and additionally discovered the high grade QV1 and QV' gold resources. Mr. Pullinger also made significant contributions to the purchase of and subsequent discoveries on the Manfo Project for Pelangio Exploration and worked as an analyst at Toll Cross. Mr. Pullinger has extensive international experience in Asia, South America, North America and Africa. He holds a B.Sc. (Hons) degree in Geology from the University of Johannesburg and a P.Geo from the Association of Professional Geoscientists of Ontario.
"Both Leo and Ben have extensive experience with underground high grade precious metal deposits and will be instrumental as we de-risk Red Eagle Exploration's extensive portfolio of high grade gold and silver projects in Colombia," comments Ian Slater, Chief Executive Officer.
About Red Eagle Exploration
Red Eagle Exploration is a precious metals exploration and development corporation majority owned by gold producer Red Eagle Mining Corporation. Red Eagle Exploration has an experienced exploration and mine development team focused on building shareholder value through acquiring and developing high grade gold and silver projects with low costs and low technical risks in Colombia, a jurisdiction with prolific historic production but until recently limited modern exploration. Red Eagle Exploration owns 100% of the Vetas Gold, California Gold and Santa Ana Silver Projects, which consist of numerous historic and existing mines and where exploration is currently underway to delineate high-grade vein resources exploitable by modern underground mining.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Information set forth in this news release includes forward-looking statements under applicable securities laws. Forward-looking statements are statements that relate to future, not past, events. In this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as "anticipate", "believe", "plan", "estimate", "expect", and "intend", statements that an action or event "may", "might", "could", "should", or "will" be taken or occur, or other similar expressions. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included herein including, without limitation; statements about the terms and completion of the proposed sale transaction are forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements, or other future events, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, the following risks: failure to satisfy all conditions precedent to the transaction, including disinterested shareholder approval and stock exchange regulatory approval, and the additional risks identified in the management discussion and analysis section of the Company's interim and most recent annual financial statement or other reports and filings with Canadian securities regulators. Forward looking statements are made based on management's beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date that statements are made and the respective companies undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change, except as required by applicable securities laws. Investors are cautioned against attributing undue certainty to forward-looking statements.
Griplock Systems, a global leader in cable suspension products, has leased 11,259 square feet of space at 1132 Mark Ave. in Carpinteria for its new headquarters.
The company has been based in Carpinteria since 2002, and manufactures customizable systems used to suspend lighting, art, displays and rigging, among countless other applications.
Enjoying a prolonged period of growth in new products and markets, Griplock had outgrown its existing facilities and was looking to expand.
“Griplock has been growing steadily and has had pressing requirements to add capacity for office space, warehouse storage and assembly space,” CEO Martha Groszewski said.
While finding a space that suited the square footage requirements was a crucial factor, staying in Carpinteria was just as important. As Groszewski explained, “Carpinteria is really an ideal location for us because it is a geographic midpoint for our employees, who come from Santa Barbara, Ventura, Oxnard and Ojai — as well as Carpinteria.”
An additional goal was to find a location that could house all of the company's local operations under one roof.
Carpinteria is a relatively small market for commercial real estate, and finding an available space to fit these criteria proved difficult. Dan Moll of Hayes Commercial Group represented Griplock and helped it navigate the process.
“Dan Moll was fabulous to work with,” Groszewski said. “He knows all of the properties and owners in this area and did a great job guiding us through the negotiations to reach a reasonable deal that we were ultimately happy with.”
The new headquarters at 1132 Mark Ave. fits the bill for location and size while providing the right blend of office and warehouse space, which allowed Griplock to consolidate its local operations into one facility.
“Griplock is a great South Coast company,” Moll said, “and I was happy to help them secure a new location for their expanding business.”
— Ted Hoagland is the marketing manager for Hayes Commercial Group.
A video of heavily armed police arresting an unarmed woman in Los Angeles sparked outrage on social media. But officials later said she was a suspect in a kidnap and ransom plot on two actors, Daisy McCrackin and Joseph Capone. Twitter/Screenshot
Users of both Spycrushers Spy Camera Glasses and Snapchat Spectacles prefer Spycrushers camera glasses because of expanded functionality.
Recently camera glasses user gathered for a focus group to test the latest trend in wearable camera and video recording products. The test products were SpyCrushers Spy Camera Sunglasses and Snapchat Spectacles.
According to the study results users preferred the SpyCrushers Spy Camera Sunglasses over the Snapchat Spectacles.
Users were noted saying that the SpyCrushers brand camera glasses had more functionality than the Snapchat product.
Snapchat Spectacles capture video in a wide-angled, circular format designed to mimic the field of vision captured by the human eye.
SpyCrushers Spy Camera Sunglasses also captures video using a wide-angle lens designed to mimic a person's field of vision. Additionally, the SpyCrushers camera glasses also has the ability to create audio only recordings, take photos and act as a PC webcam.
Spectacles sunglasses record 10-second video clips which are then sent to the user's Snapchat account, where they can be shared with friends.
SpyCrushers camera glasses record continuously for up to 60 minutes on a full charge. Recorded media is stored onto a removable micro sd card much like the one used as added external storage with today's smartphones. Users can upload any recorded media to their smartphone, pc or MAC to view and share.
Both SpyCrushers camera glasses and Snapchat camera glasses are currently available in the United States and EU territories.
Spectacles are sold online as well as from bright yellow vending machines, known as Snapbots, which move to a new location each day.
SpyCrushers camera glasses are sold exclusively online through the company's SpyCrushers ecommerce website, Amazon US, UK, Italy, Germany, France, Spain marketplaces and Ebay. Amazon and Ebay shoppers can locate SpyCrushers camera glasses when using the search word spycrushers inside any open search bar found on any Amazon or Ebay webpage.
About SpyCrushers
SpyCrushers brand and line of products are owned and operated by Crushers Inc. Crushers, Inc. is a manufacturer and retailer of consumer goods and electronics.
Contact:
Ericka Evans
Company: SpyCrushers
Address: Geneva, IL
Phone: 317-660-1338
Email: pr@spycrushers.com
Website: http://www.spycrushers.com
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. employers posted slightly fewer job openings in October than the previous month, but the number of people being hired improved.
The Labor Department said Monday that nearly 6 million jobs were available at the end of October, down from 6.18 million in September. Manufacturers, retailers, wholesalers and the information sector advertised fewer jobs — an indicator of their possible intentions in the coming months.
But total hires rose 4.4 percent to 5.55 million. This indicates that even if employers are seeking fewer workers that they're still looking to add staff. Leading sources of increased hiring came from restaurants and hotels, the health care sector, manufacturers and financial services.
The government said last week that employers added a net total of 244,000 jobs in October and 228,000 in November. The unemployment rate stayed at 4.1 percent.
Advertisement
Despite the healthy job market, many people are staying in their jobs rather than departing for new ones. Departures are usually a sign that people are confident they can find new jobs that pay higher wages. The number of quits held steady for a second straight month at 3.18 million. Meanwhile, average hourly earnings have risen just 2.5 percent over the past 12 months, a relatively lackluster figure given the low unemployment rate.
As Usain Bolt prepares for the final race of his brilliant career, it really doesn't matter if he wins or loses.
His legacy is secure.
But is he the greatest Olympian of them all?
That's an impossible question to answer, of course.
Advertisement
So let's do this thing!
Here's the definitive list of Summer Olympic GOATs (Greatest Of All Time), as compiled by a voting panel of one. Guaranteed to spur debate, derision and generally rub people the wrong way. Send all complaints to the ghost of Baron de Coubertin.
___
10. Ray Ewry, United States, Athletics " Call him Mr. Perfect. Overcoming childhood polio, Ewry was the world's best at jumping from a standing position. Sure, those events have long been discontinued. Who cares? He swept all three golds at the 1900 Paris Games " on the same day, in fact " and three-peated again in St. Louis. After the standing triple jump was dropped from the program, Ewry took gold in the standing long and high jumps in 1908, setting a mark for individual golds that stood for a century. Plus, he took two golds at the 1906 Athens Games that once counted as an official Olympics.
9. Nadia Comaneci, Romania, Gymnastics " Call her Ms. Perfect. At the 1976 Montreal Games, the 14-year-old captivated the world and helped turn gymnastics into one of the most popular Olympic sports by becoming the first gymnast to receive a 10 from the judges. By the time Comaneci was done, she had received six more perfect marks and claimed three golds.
8. Aladar Gerevich, Hungary, Fencing " No one beats this swordsman for longevity. The only Olympian to win gold in the same event at six straight games, he was part of every winning sabre team from the 1932 Los Angeles Games through the 1960 Rome Games, when he was 50 years old. And get this: if not for the 1940 and '44 Olympics being canceled because of World War II, he probably would've won eight straight golds.
7. Carl Lewis, United States, Athletics " Another Olympian with staying power, he ruled the long jump at four straight Summer Games and finished his career with nine golds and a silver. Unfortunately, we have to give him a deduction for that horrific rendition of "The Star-Spangled Banner."
6. Mark Spitz, United States, Swimming " Bouncing back from what was viewed as a disappointing performance at Mexico City (a laughable notion, by the way, since he won two golds and four medals), Spitz put his critics to shame by sweeping a record seven golds at the 1972 Munich Games. That mark stood until Michael Phelps' Great Haul of China 36 years later .
5. Larisa Latynina, Soviet Union, Gymnastics " The Ukrainian native competed in 19 events over three Olympics, and only failed once to land a spot on the medal podium (tying for fourth on the beam in 1956). With nine golds and 18 medals, she held the overall career mark that stood until Phelps swam past it in 2012 . Extra credit: Latynina coached the Soviet women to three straight team golds after retiring.
4. Paavo Nurmi, Finland, Athetics " The Flying Finn will forever be remembered for winning both the 1,500 and the 5,000 meters less than an hour apart at the 1924 Paris Games. But that's only part of his amazing story. Competing in a dozen events over three Olympics, he won nine golds and three silvers. Nurmi also brought a new analytical approach to running that is still felt to this day. Unfortunately, his goal of closing his career with a marathon gold in 1932 was snuffed out by one of those silly battles over amateurism.
Now, on to the medal podium ...
3. Jesse Owens, United States, Athletics " The bronze goes to the American track star who defied Adolf Hitler, winning the 100 meters, 200, 4x100 relay and long jump at the racially charged Berlin Olympics in 1936. A year before those games, he might have pulled off the most impressive feat ever at the Big Ten championships, where he set three world records and tied a fourth in the span of 45 minutes " including a long jump mark that stood for a quarter century.
2. Bolt, Jamaica, Athletics " The only sprinter to capture the 100 and 200 titles at three consecutive Olympics has to settle for a silver here. His dominance on the track was only part of his story. Bolt was the life of the party every time he competed, captivating fans with his charisma, smile and that "To Di World" pose. Finishing third in the 100 at the world championships in London , in what was billed as the last individual race of his career, does nothing to tarnish his legacy. "I personally don't think it has changed what I have done in any way," said Bolt, who will close out his career Saturday in the 4x100 relay.
And the gold goes to ...
1. Phelps, United States, Swimming " In terms of his medal collection, no one comes close to the Baltimore Bullet. Granted, as a swimmer, he had a lot more chances to reach the podium, but that merely enhances what he was able to do over the span of five Olympics. Phelps competed in 30 events " and touched first an astonishing 23 times . With three silvers and two bronzes, as well, he set a standard that will likely never be duplicated. And there's speculation Phelps will come out of retirement again to compete at the 2020 Tokyo Games, so perhaps he'll need to make room in the vault for a few more medals.
He's already done enough to top this list.
___
Paul Newberry is a sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to him at pnewberry@ap.org or at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
___
For more AP Olympic coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/OlympicGames
Manchester United manager José Mourinho is frustrated with the Ivory Coast after they refused to delay Eric Bailly's African Nations Cup departure by 24 hours.
Bailly returned to the starting XI in Saturday's 2-1 win over Middlesbrough and Mourinho was hoping he would be available to take on West Ham on Monday as well.
That could not happen without the consent of his national side, who are preparing for the tournament in Gabon, and coach Michel Dussuyer was not willing to take the risk.
United should not be harmed in the short term, with Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo ready to restore their successful partnership after being rested for the New Year's Eve victory and Chris Smalling also fit, but Mourinho is concerned about a lack of numbers at the back.
“Bailly is leaving – he goes to the national team,” said a clearly disgruntled Mourinho.
“He has to be with them on January 2nd. We asked them for him to be on January 3rd but they refused, so he cannot play against West Ham.
“With this kind of decisions they are controlling every second, so for sure they are going to win the African Cup.
Eight matches
“I know I lose Bailly for a month so I'm going to have Smalling, Rojo, Jones . . . three players for eight matches.”
The 22-year-old Bailly has had a hit-and-miss start to his United career, starting the season strongly before a dip in form and fitness.
He is still delighted to be part of the Red Devils set-up and lavished praise on Mourinho, who enters 2017 on the back of six successive wins.
“He is a great manager, the best in the world,” Bailly told Sky Sports.
“It is a pleasure to work and learn with him. I hope it continues like this and that I stay at United for a long time.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I'm truly happy with my team and my team-mates. Little by little, and with more training under this manager, I hope to improve.”
Mourinho was without Wayne Rooney and Michael Carrick against Boro and the short turnaround time between matches could mean another game on the sidelines for the Englishmen.
Illness
Rooney has been given “a little chance” of recovering from his thigh problem, with Carrick rated slightly more likely following a bout of illness.
West Ham goalkeeper Darren Randolph insists his side's confidence remains intact ahead of their clash with Manchester United. They host United on Monday after Saturday's 1-0 loss at Leicester ended a three-match winning streak.
Defeat at the King Power Stadium halted their mini-revival, which had moved Slaven Bilic's side eight points clear of the Premier League relegation zone.
But Randolph, who was beaten by Islam Slimani for the winner at Leicester, is ready to start another run.
“If we'd won, I'd have said we'd 100 per cent have turned the corner, because it would have put a little bit of extra space between Leicester and us and the other teams below us,” he said.
“It would have been four wins in a row, but it wasn't to be, so we'll regroup and get ready for the next one. It was a tough start to the season, but the last few results obviously helped us a bit, so we go into the new year and will start fresh and push on again.”
West Ham could be without Mark Noble after he was forced off at Leicester following a tackle from Daniel Amartey.
US President Donald Trump laid out his plan to end the opioid epidemic in a speech that focused heavily on punitive measures - including executing some drug dealers.
Trump also pledged to hold pharmaceutical companies accountable for their role in fostering addiction.
In a wide-ranging speech, Trump touched on the need for greater access to treatment, praised companies that are making "lifesaving overdose-reversing drugs" and promised a public-awareness campaign to deter youths from taking drugs.
He also reiterated his call to build a wall on the US-Mexico border, saying it would help keep limit the flow of illicit narcotics, a claim many experts dispute.
Advertisement
But the President was most animated in his advocacy to "get tough" on drug crime, saying it was central to his goal of ending "the scourge of drug addiction in America once and for all."
"If we don't get tough on drug dealers, we are wasting our time, and that toughness includes the death penalty," Trump said. "We have got to get tough. This isn't about nice anymore."
The President's focus on punitive measures alarmed some in the public health community, who fear it will overshadow proposals from the White House and in Congress for prevention and treatment.
The White House is also calling for Congress to reduce the threshold needed to impose mandatory minimum sentences on people who are convicted of dealing fentanyl, a synthetic opioid that can kill people in small quantities and caused the overdose death rate here in New Hampshire to skyrocket.
"A significant emphasis of the President's speech and President's plan was on supply reduction and law enforcement, including enhanced criminal penalties and even the death penalty," said Michael Botticelli, Executive director of the Grayken Centre for Addiction at Boston Medical Centre and the drug tsar under President Barack Obama.
"I think that we have known throughout the recent history of the United States that has not solved our drug problem here in the United States."
For @Harpers, I wrote about the collateral damage of America's war on opioids: chronic pain sufferers who are being cut off from their medication. It's a story of bad drug policy, medical abandonment, and the nightmare of living with undertreated pain https://t.co/2vGZbRReef pic.twitter.com/DtuuzFsNAa — Brian Goldstone (@brian_goldstone) March 19, 2018
Botticelli said a focus should be on strategies that immediately expand access to treatment.
In his remarks at a community college here, Trump said the Administration is "looking very seriously at bringing litigation" against some drug companies. The Justice Department did not comment on what its plans might be on this front.
This month Attorney-General Jeff Sessions, who accompanied Trump to New Hampshire, announced that a new task force would target drug manufacturers for their roles in the opioid epidemic, raising the possibility of filing charges against them.
The department also said it would file a statement of interest in hundreds of lawsuits brought against drug companies by municipalities around the country, with the federal Government seeking repayment for damages.
Trump chose to make his announcement in New Hampshire, which has America's second highest overdose death rate. He was flanked by members of law enforcement and at one point allowed the parents of a man who died of an overdose to speak on stage about their son, who became addicted to opioids after taking a prescription opioid and later died of an overdose.
First Lady Melania Trump, introduces her husband, and mentionns concerns about the impact of opioid abuse on children and young mothers. Calls for educating women about the impact of opioids on unborn babies. pic.twitter.com/HZo5yM3uYX — Mark Knoller (@markknoller) March 19, 2018
The Administration is also making a marketing and education campaign part of its strategy to fight opioids; Trump spoke in front of a banner that reads "OPIOIDS: THE CRISIS NEXT DOOR." The President said the administration will be "spending a lot of money on great commercials" to show the dangers of drugs.
"That's the least expensive thing we can do, where you scare them from ending up like the people in the commercials," Trump said. "And we'll make them very bad commercials, we'll make them very unsavoury situations."
But there is concern about how the Administration will pay for its broader plan. Funding for opioid programmes was boosted by US$6 billion in a budget deal passed last month, but many believe that is not enough to make a dent in the crisis, and that any money should be directly allocated to the places that are the hardest hit.
"We need resources, not rhetoric," Baltimore Health Commissioner Leana Wen said in a statement. "The President discussed funding today, but where are the resources for local jurisdictions the hardest hit? Cities and counties have been fighting the opioid epidemic for years. We know what works, and any delay will cost further lives."
Speaking to reporters on Air Force One, White House counsellor Kellyanne Conway acknowledged the opioid epidemic might get worse before it gets better and that fighting it will require "a lot more money." She said the Administration wants a larger package of US$13 billion.
What are opioids and what are the risks? https://t.co/IX6ckRBuDp — BBC News (World) (@BBCWorld) March 19, 2018
Conway also said that Trump wants to use existing laws on the death penalty for "very specific high-level cases" involving drug traffickers.
The Trump Administration's policies largely reflect those started under the Obama Administration. Trump's plan includes expanded access to medication assisted treatment, where people are slowly weaned off opioids under a doctor's supervision or given an injection of a medication that blocks opioids from working on the brain.
The Trump Administration is calling for a national prescription drug monitoring database, where prescriptions can be tracked across the country. Each state has its own system and some share data. The Administration also wants to cut opioid prescriptions by one-third nationwide.
"The plan contains some important steps that will increase access to effective, evidence-based treatment, particularly Medication-Assisted Treatment for opioid addiction," said Chuck Ingoglia, senior vice-president, for public policy and practice improvement at the National Council for Behavioural Health, said in a statement.
Before his speech, Trump and his wife, Melania, stopped by the Manchester Central Fire Station, which is part of a "Safe Station" initiative to offer the city's fire houses as safe havens for drug addicts who don't know where else to turn.
Joined by New Hampshire Governor Christopher Sununu and Manchester Mayor Joyce Craig, (D), Trump greeted firefighters and hailed the "safe station" as a national model.
"You save a lot of lives," Trump told the assembled firefighters and officials before accepting a fire helmet from the chief, which Trump termed "the real deal."
Interesting listening to Trump on opioids: he is reading some addiction policy proposals that have pretty broad support, but the ones he sounds personally passionate about are a) death penalty for dealers; b) new TV commercials; c) the wall. — Daniel Dale (@ddale8) March 19, 2018
Trump is once more repeating the dubious claim that a border wall can stop opioids. Heroin & fent aren't coming through the desert in smugglers' backpacks. They're too valuable. Those drugs come in fake vehicle panels, or hidden with commercial cargo, right through the front door — Nick Miroff (@NickMiroff) March 19, 2018
Q&A: A LOOK AT TRUMP'S PROPOSAL
WHAT IS THE PLAN?
The push for greater use of the death penalty is just part of a sweeping plan that includes stiffer penalties for drug peddlers as well as expanding access to treatment and recovery efforts. It's in keeping with the Trump Administration's tough-on-crime approach to the opioid abuse epidemic that claimed a record 42,000 people in the US in 2016. Trump, who mused openly that countries like Singapore have fewer issues with addiction because they harshly punish drug dealers, said he wants the Justice Department to seek the "ultimate penalty" when possible.
CAN HE DO THAT?
Maybe. Trump isn't proposing a new law, but is encouraging the Justice Department to enforce existing laws more vigorously. The US drug kingpin law allows federal prosecutors to seek the death penalty in cases when someone is intentionally killed during a drug deal or in furtherance of a drug enterprise. There are other federal laws that could potentially allow death penalty prosecutions of "kingpins" when large amounts of money and drugs are involved, even if there has not been a killing. But no administration, Democratic or Republican, has ever pursued and secured a death sentence under those laws. It's not clear that death sentences for drug dealers, even for those whose product causes multiple deaths, would be constitutional, said Doug Berman, a law professor at Ohio State University. He predicted the issue would be litigated extensively and ultimately settled by the US Supreme Court. "The death penalty is uncertain as a constitutionally permissible punishment without that connection to an intentional killing," Berman said.
HAVE ANY DRUG TRAFFICKERS EVER BEEN SENTENCED TO DEATH?
The Death Penalty Information Centre lists 14 federal death row prisoners awaiting execution for drug-related crimes. They include Azibo Aquart, who was sentenced to death in 2012 for planning and participating in the deaths of a rival and two people living with her. There is also Orlando Hall, who was sentenced in 2007 for a drug-related kidnapping that ended in death. Dustin Honken was sentenced to die in 2004 for the killings of two children in a drug-related conspiracy in which three other people were also killed.
WILL MORE FEDERAL DEATH SENTENCES EASE THE DRUG EPIDEMIC?
Trump believes so, but others are sceptical. Cornell Law School Professor John Blume said enforcement of the kingpin law tends to net poor minorities considered low- to mid-level drug dealers rather than kingpins whose products are fuelling the drug crisis. Opponents said the approach resembles the drug war of the 1970s and '80s, when there was bipartisan agreement in Washington that the best way to fight crime was with long, mandatory prison sentences. That approach is now questioned by some conservatives as well as liberals. "I don't think there's any reason to believe that attempting to revive this policy and use it more effectively will be any more successful," Blume said, adding that death sentences are hard to win. Too few drug traffickers will be sentenced to death and executed to have a real deterrent effect, he said. "I don't think people out there who sell drugs are worried about, am I going to get the death penalty?"
- Sadie Gurman, AP
SALISBURY, N.C. (AP) " A gang member has pleaded guilty to killing a transgender woman whose remains were found in a shallow grave in North Carolina.
The Salisbury Post reports (http://bit.ly/2sZspdg ) Latin Kings gang member Angel Arias pleaded guilty Tuesday to second-degree murder in the death of Elisha Walker, whose body was found in Johnston County in July 2015. He was sentenced to 19 to 24 years in prison.
Rowan County officials had been investigating Walker's disappearance since October 2014.
Investigators have said Arias and Walker were in a relationship for several months and that he had tried to break up with Walker. They say he told detectives he killed Walker at his home.
Advertisement
Autopsy records show Walker was asphyxiated and received blunt-force injuries and stab wounds.
___
Information from: Salisbury Post, http://www.salisburypost.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gianluigi Buffon has decided his next move - and it's not Liverpool, unfortunately for Reds fans.
Jurgen Klopp is reportedly hunting his next goalkeeper and Loris Karius endured a torrid UEFA Champions League final on Saturday.
In Kiev, the German shot-stopper was to blame for Gareth Bale's third as Real Madrid ran out 3-1 winners.
Karius was also at fault for Los Blancos's opener, scored by Karim Benzema, so it's no surprise Klopp is eyeing a replacement.
But it won't be Buffon, it has emerged, with the legendary Italian choosing to pen a two year deal with Paris Saint-Germain.
Corriere dello Sport believe he'll earn around £16million.
Figures, say the whispering market from France, maybe 8 million per season they reveal.
He could have added something to Liverpool - but really Klopp is looking to nail the number one position for the next decade, not the next 18 months.
Liverpool are reportedly hunting Barcelona shot stopper Jasper Cillessen.
Klopp wants to sign the Catalan giants's goalkeeper this summer, reports say.
According to Mundo Deportivo , the Reds are desperately seeking a new shot stopper to replace Simon Mignolet and Loris Karius.
After eyeing up Jan Oblak and Alisson Becker, the Dutch international is now on their radar.
Karius could find it hard to stay at Liverpool following his Champions League final blunders, according to former England number one Peter Shilton.
Karius made two second-half howlers in Kiev to effectively hand Real Madrid a third successive Champions League trophy.
The 24-year-old, inconsolable at the final whistle, has apologised to fans, while Merseyside Police are investigating “threats” made on social media to the German.
“If he does stay at Liverpool I hope the fans give him a chance,” Shilton told Sky Sports News.
“They're the sort of fans that would do that, but I think it will be very difficult for him to stay at Liverpool.”
Karius' first gaffe saw him throw the ball straight at Karim Benzema, who stuck out a leg to divert it into an empty net and give Real the lead early in the second half.
Liverpool drew level through Sadio Mane four minutes later but, after Real had regained the lead through Gareth Bale's stunning overhead kick, Karius let the Welshman's speculative long-range shot slip through his hands for the Spanish club's third goal.
“I feel for him,” Shilton said. “It was two horrendous mistakes in one of the biggest games in history – certainly for Liverpool anyway, who haven't been to a Champions League final for years.
“From his point of view, he's apologised for it, he can't do any more than that. But what was going through his mind at the time?”
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has backed Karius, who has also received support from his team-mates, but Shilton feels the club will now begin the search for a new goalkeeper.
“I think the manager will have to look to get a world-class goalkeeper,” Shilton added.
“He will have to buy him. Liverpool have struggled in the past two or three seasons with goalkeepers.
“Karius got in and was very consistent towards the end, we all thought Liverpool had finally solved their goalkeeping problem. But of course, it's there again now.”
Shilton, England's most-capped player, once let a shot slip beneath him in a World Cup qualifier against Poland at Wembley in 1973.
England drew the game 1-1 but failed to qualify for the 1974 finals in West Germany as a result.
“As a goalkeeper you can't hide,” Shilton added. “If an outfield player makes a mistake, a striker misses a couple of chances, it's easily forgotten. Goalkeeping is different.”
The Professional Report Medical Alert System/ Pers Market Published by Genesis Market Insights. This Report includes Product Analysis, Regional Analysis, Global Scope, Key Findings and others.
GLOBAL MEDICAL ALERT SYSTEM/ PERS MARKET was valued at USD 1.70 Billion in the year 2017. Global Medical Alert System/ PERS Market is further estimated to grow at a CAGR of 8.89% from 2017 to reach USD 2.80 Billion by the year 2023. North America region holds the highest market share in 2017.
Get Free Access to Sample Report @ https://genesismarketinsights.com/Sample_Request/GENRE120
Asia Pacific market is considered as the fastest growing market in the projected period due to favorable regulations and policies in these regions. At a country level, developed markets like the U.S., European nations as well the emerging markets like China, Brazil, and India are further anticipated to grow at a steady pace in the next 5 years.
The major players in the Global Medical Alert System/ PERS Market include ADT Corporation (US), Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Netherlands), Tunstall Healthcare Group Ltd. (UK), Bay Alarm Medical (US) and Medical Guardian LLC (US). Rising R&D investments and various Organic growth strategies adopted by most of the top manufacturers in recent years has provided comprehensive market opportunities for the various stakeholder.
Drivers:
24 hours monitoring the health
Helps to be independent with build in the emergency alert system.
Ease of use with advanced feature.
Restraints:
Expensive monthly fees & signed contract
Lower acceptance of technology by the senior citizen
Opportunity:
Innovations in technologies for better healthcare services
Increasing number of smart phone users.
Challenges
Mobile Networks connectivity a big challenge for medical alerts.
By end users home based segment because of the growing popularity and availability of advance technology devices and growing prevalence of elderly age.
On the other hand, Mobile PERS by types for this market is expected to grow at the highest CAGR of XXX during the year 2018-2023. The Mobile PERS segment holds the substantial market share because of its high demand and rising awareness about personal health.
Key Benefits for Stakeholders
Medical alert system Manufacturers, Distributors and Retailers
Research and Consulting organization
Technology Standards Organizations, Forums, Alliances and Associations
End use industries
Regulatory bodies, policy actors and consumers.
Healthcare centers and senior citizens
By Type
Landline PERS
Mobile PERS
Standalone PERS
By End Users
Home – Based Use
Nursing Home
Assisted Living Facilities
Hospices
By Region
North America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
RoW
Key Market Players
1. ADT Corporation (US)
2. Life Alert Emergency Response Inc. (US)
3. Bay Alarm Medical (US)
4. Philips Lifeline (Netherlands)
5. Tunstall Healthcare Group Ltd. (UK)
6. VRI, Inc. (US)
7. Medical Guardian LLC (US)
8. GreatCall (US)
9. AlertOne Services LLC (US)
10. Nortek Security and Control(US)
Table Of Content
1. Introduction
1.1 Market Vision
1.1.1 Market Definition
1.1.2 Market Scope
1.3 Limitations
1.4 Stakeholders
2. Research Methodology
2.1. Research Process
2.1.1. Secondary Research
2.1.1.1. Key Data from Secondary Research
2.1.2. Primary Research
2.1.2.1. Key Data from Primary Research
2.1.2.2. Breakdowns of Primary Interviews
2.2. Market Size Estimation
2.2.1. Bottoms-Up Approach
2.2.2. Top-down Approach
2.2.3. Annual turnover process
2.3. Data Triangulation
2.4. Research Assumptions
2.4.1. Assumption
3. Executive Summary
4. Market Overview
4.1. Introduction
4.2. Drivers
4.3. Restraints
4.4. Opportunities
4.5 Challenges
4.6 Regulations
4.7 Supply chain analysis/ value chain analysis
4.8 Patents and Standards
5. Industry Trends
5.1 Introduction
5.2 Value Chain Analysis
5.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
5.3.1 Threat of New Entrants
5.3.2 Threat of Substitutes
5.3.3 Bargaining Power of Buyers
5.3.4 Bargaining Power of Suppliers
5.3.5 Intensity of Competitive Rivalry
6. Global Medical Alert System/ PERS Market, by Type
6.1 Overview
6.2 Landline PERS
6.3 Mobile PERS
6.4 Standalone PERS
7. Global Medical Alert System/ PERS Market, by End Users
7.1 Overview
7.2 Home – Based Use
7.3 Nursing Home
7.4 Assisted Living Facilities
7.5 Hospices
8. Geographical Analysis
8.1. Introduction
8.2. North America
8.2.1. U.S.
8.2.2. Canada
8.2.3. Mexico
8.3. Europe
8.3.1. Germany
8.3.2. France
8.3.3. U.K.
8.3.4. Italy
8.3.5. Spain
8.3.6 Russia
8.3.7 RoE
8.4. Asia Pacific
8.4.1. China
8.4.2. India
8.4.3. Japan
8.4.4 South Korea
8.4.5 Australia & New Zealand
8.4.6 RoAPAC
8.5. RoW
8.5.1. Latin America
8.5.1.1 Brazil
8.5.1.2. Argentina
8.5.1.3. Chile
8.5.1.4. Rest of Latin America
8.5.2. Middle East and Africa
9. Company Profiles
(Business Overview, Financial Overview*, Product Portfolio, Recent Developments)
9.1 ADT Corporation
9.2 Life Alert Emergency Response Inc.
9.3 Bay Alarm Medical
9.4 Philips Lifeline
9.5 Tunstall Americas
9.6 VRI, Inc.
9.7 Medical Guardian LLC
9.8 GreatCall
9.9 AlertOne Services LLC
9.10 Nortek Security and Control
9.11 LogicMark
9.12 Rescue Alert
9.13 Life station
9.14 Valued Relationships, Inc.
9.15 Guardian Alarm
9.16 Connect America
9.17 Mobilehelp
9.18 LifeFone
9.19 Galaxy Medical Alert System
9.20 Critical Signal Technologies
9.21 Mytrex, Inc. Dba Rescue Alert
9.22 Legrand (UK)
9.23 Vital Connect Inc.
9.24 Blue Willow Systems
9.25 Alertone Services Llc.
*Details Might Not Be Captured in Case of Unlisted Companies
10. Competitive Analysis
10.1 Introduction
10.2 Market Positioning of Key Players
10.3 Competitive Strategies Adopted by Leading Players
10.3.1 Investments & Expansions
10.3.2 New Product Launches
10.3.3 Mergers & Acquisitions
10.3.4 Agreements, Joint Ventures, and Partnerships
11. Appendix
11.1. Questionnaire
11.2. Available Customizations
11.3. Upcoming Events (Trade Fair, Exhibitions, Conferences)
Read Report Overview with Full TOC @ https://genesismarketinsights.com/viewreport/121/31/Medical-Alert-System-Market-
Ibadan – The Oyo State Government has appealed to residents and landowners in the Soka neighbourhood of Ibadan to remain calm, pending its intervention in the land dispute.
Mr Isaac Omodewu, the Commissioner for Lands, Housing and Survey, made the appeal on Monday in Ibadan when he addressed some residents of the community.
The residents of the community had besieged to the state secretariat with placards bearing various inscriptions.
The residents, led by Mr Ayo Akinsola, said that they were at the secretariat on a “Save-Our-Soul'' mission over the land dispute.
The commissioner urged them to avoid confrontation and remain law-abiding citizens, pledging that the government would soon deal with the matter.
Omodewu assured the protesters that the dispute would be resolved amicably, adding that the government had resolved more than 20 similar cases in the past.
He advised them to forward their complaints to the ministry, saying that urgent steps would be taken immediately to ensure their safety.
Earlier, Akinsola said that residents of the area had been living in palpable fear over the land dispute between some landowners.
He said that one of the landowners once visited the neighbourhood with a court judgment, warning the residents and house owners to vacate the area.
“As I am talking to you, a faction, which claimed to have obtained the purported court judgment, has invaded the area presently with thugs, threatening the residents and extorting money from them.
“Two weeks ago, the same people came with policemen and a bulldozer; they destroyed no fewer than 30 buildings,'' he said.
Akinsola said that different landowners had been threatening the residents on the issue which had led to the destruction of more than 30 buildings at the area.
He said that residents were ready to agree with whoever was the authentic owner of the land and appealed to the government to intervene and resolve the matter once and for all. (NAN)
CHOCTAWHATCHEE RIVER, Fla. (WSVN) — A Florida fisherman reeled in the catch of a lifetime after he brought in a massive catfish.
According to Fox 13, Joel Singletary was fishing on the Choctawhatchee River, in the Florida panhandle, when he snagged a 120-pound blue catfish on his trotline.
Although the catfish would break the current state record of 69.50 pounds, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said since Singletary caught the catfish on a trotline, it doesn't qualify as the new state record.
However, they still called the fish an impressive catch.
Singletary did earn a “Big Catch certificate,” which is through a recognition program in Florida. If you catch a blue catfish that is at least 36 inches or 25 pounds, you qualify for the reward.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Former Yale basketball captain Jack Montague, who was expelled from the Ivy League school in 2016 for sexual misconduct, has enrolled at Belmont University in Tennessee.
Montague, who is still suing to be readmitted to Yale, complained in a court deposition last spring that he was unable to apply to other schools. He said Yale would not release his transcript until he paid a disputed $3,000 tuition bill.
Karen Schwartzman, a spokeswoman for Montague, said Monday that Yale later released the transcript, allowing Montague to enroll at Belmont for the fall semester. She says not all of his credits transferred and he will need two semesters to graduate.
“Although Jack is still seeking, through the litigation, to be reinstated to Yale and to be awarded the Yale degree he had nearly earned at the time of his wrongful expulsion, he is at the same time trying to move on with his life, and completing his college education is a big part of that,” she wrote in an email.
Montague exhausted his basketball eligibility at Yale.
Yale would not comment on Montague's transcript, but said it routinely grants waivers for outstanding bills.
“Yale respects the privacy of its former students, strives to help them move on with their lives, and would never vindictively withhold a transcript,” spokeswoman Eileen O'Connor said.
Yale's attorneys have said the woman who accused Montague of misconduct made clear that she did not want to have intercourse and that the school and its officials acted appropriately.
Montague's lawsuit alleges that the original accusations against him were spurred by a Title IX officer who coerced the woman to complain. Montague asserts that the woman told Yale that he likely didn't hear her when she asked him to end their 2014 sexual encounter.
The lawsuit, which also seeks monetary damages, is expected to go to trial next year.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
New Delhi: June 2016 – Life is getting demanding & more stressful than we can handle. The traffic noises, overcrowded cities and the shrinking personal space makes it difficult to remain calm. Yatharth Moksha is a non-profit trust that wishes to save our invaluable mythology of India and intends to pass the stories & the learnings to the next generations in an interesting manner.
Yatharth Moksh aims to create digital versions of Indian epics and so far digital versions of Mahabharata, Srimad Bhagawat Mahapuran, Ramayana, Srimad Bagavad Gita and Durga Saptashati are created and this runs into 700 hours of audio in MP3 format in Hindi of its website & is also available on its latest app YaMoGita. Since 2012, Yatharth Moksh have worked closely for its goal. The latest app provides complete information & is quite user friendly. These epics are further segregated into parts, episodes for the ease of the listener.
These high quality audios add wisdom are best to help calm the mind. These audios are engaging as it consists of short tales narrated in the epics instead of any speeches & prayers. With more content been added every week, it is the best app to listen while travelling. The app can easily available on Google playstore with name “YamoGita”
Steve Wynn has filed a lawsuit for defamation against Jorgen Nielsen, who previously worked at the Wynn hotel in Las Vegas.
Nielsen is one of two people who went on the record with the Wall Street Journal accusing Steve Wynn in connection with sexual harassment while head of the Wynn Resorts empire.
“Defendant Nielsen acted with the unlawful purpose of smearing Mr. Wynn and creating workplace issues for Mr. Wynn at a time when he was embroiled in highly contentious and public litigation with his ex-wife, Elaine Wynn,” according the lawsuit that was filed April 26 in Clark County District Court.
The lawsuit states Nielsen is the personal hair stylist for Elaine Wynn. Nielsen's LinkedIn page says he was an artistic director at Wynn Las Vegas from 2004-12.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18pMs
— Peace activist Ken Nwadike who wears his "Free Hugs" t-shirt to political protests nationwide, was at the site of Saturday's car crash in Charlottesville.
Nwadike said he was nearly hit in the chaos when, police say, James Alex Fields Jr. rammed into a crowd of counter-protesters speaking out against an "alt-right" rally.
32-year-old Heather Heyer died in the collision.
"(Fields) slams into a car at the bottom of the hill after hitting all of these people, and the sounds of that, are probably the most horrific sounds I've ever heard," Nwadike said. "You hear people screaming and bodies literally being launched up against the brick wall."
Nwadike ran toward the injured people.
"It was such a gruesome scene," he said. "It's hard to process all of that when you're in that moment."
As a peace activist, Nwadike travels the country and does his best to diffuse violence at protests by having diplomatic conversations with both sides.
"We should be able to at least agree that I want your children to live in a safe America just as much as my children should feel safe in this country," he said.
He also spent time in Charlotte last year trying to mediate tensions between protesters and police. Nwadike said he hopes the tragedy in Charlottesville will not silence people's voices.
"No one should have to fear for their life when they go to protest an injustice," he said. "That shouldn't be a thought in their mind that they could possibly die for going for standing for something that I believe in. But sadly that's the reality right now."
A peaceful protest is planned in Durham Monday night, where people will ask that the city remove a Confederate statue.
18 April 2018 – Getbestsewingmachine.com offers detailed information about the Best Sewing Machines for Beginners, and so, is the comprehensive buyer's guide, presenting the detailed reviews of the most reliable and handy sewing machines. This website is the right destination for all those, who just start sewing and need to train their sewing skills, while getting the right sewing machine, which is expected to be as uncomplicated and easy to use as affordable.
Sewing is a kind of handwork that requires on the part of a sewer lots of sewing practice, allowing sewer training his or her craft, while accumulating experience and enhancing the quality of his or her art to make the ideal stitches. Under these circumstances, it's of great importance to obtain the right sewing machine that will provide the possibility to train the basic sewing skills. Thus, the best solution for beginners is a mechanical sewing machine and by no means a computerized one.
The large assortment of Sewing Machine for Beginners that can be found on the modern market is quite confusing. This is why before to choose a particular model of sewing machine, it's necessary to learn their characteristics and decide on the one, which presents the best value for money. The fact is that it's unreasonable to invest in an expensive sewing machine, which can be quite intricate in usage and at the same time provide no possibility to train your sewing skills.
Cheap Sewing Machines for Beginners are frequently the best solution for people, who just learn to sew on sewing machines and need to understand the principle of their operation. Thus, they need a reliable and light-weight device, which can be easily carried, stored and used through the years without the need to be repaired.
To provide the readers with the right information, Getbestsewingmachine.com is focused upon the best sewing machines for beginners, thoroughly picking out the very best tools that can be ordered online. This Beginners Guide to Sewing Machines is created, while taking into account such essential sewing machine features as portability, lightweight feel and usage convenience.
About Getbestsewingmachine.com:
Getbestsewingmachine.com is the right spot to read the Best Sewing Machines for Beginners Review that can be helpful for every starting sewer. This site is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, which is an affiliate advertising program, intended to provide a means for websites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Contact:
72-L Gulberg 2, Lahore, Pakistan
+923214444110
Review URL: https://getbestsewingmachine.com/best-sewing-machines-for-beginners/
Website: https://getbestsewingmachine.com/
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Carbonyl Nickel Powder Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143383/request-sample
Carbonyl Nickel Powder market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global Carbonyl Nickel Powder Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Carbonyl Nickel Powder industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for Carbonyl Nickel Powder Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Carbonyl Nickel Powder market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-carbonyl-nickel-powder-market-professional-survey-report-143383.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global Carbonyl Nickel Powder market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Carbonyl Nickel Powder market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, Carbonyl Nickel Powder industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Carbonyl Nickel Powder market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the aforementioned factors.
Crusaders skipper Sam Whitelock believes he and his teammates in the All Blacks have drawn a line under their Super Rugby season, one that culminated in a championship victory after a nine-year title drought which kicked off celebrations which apparently lasted a whole week in Christchurch for some.
For Whitelock and men such as All lacks captain Kieran Read, there were no such frivolities. They arrived home from Johannesburg and their final against the Lions last Monday and were in camp with the national team on Thursday.
Now they are in Sydney preparing to do battle with a Wallabies team who know a thing or two about title droughts themselves. They haven't held the Bledisloe Cup since 2003 and will be particularly keen to right the perceived wrongs of this time last year when they were thrashed 42-8 by the All Blacks in Sydney.
For Whitelock, the transition from party mode to test week has been a relatively straightforward one. "Obviously we had a couple of days after we got back to Christchurch," he said. "It was great to spend time with the whole squad - the guys who didn't travel to South Africa. It was the easiest way to put it to bed. We've all gone back to other teams, either here with the All Blacks or other provincial sides. It's actually a lot easier than you think to finish and then move on to the next chapter.
Advertisement
"After the game the emotions are there, but once we got back to New Zealand everyone knew what was happening so the boys who knew they had to get their body right and recover, they did that, and the guys that had a little bit more time probably relaxed a bit longer."
The 28-year-old, a veteran of 88 tests, has had some year with the red and blacks. His leadership role helped him take his renowned consistency to a new level and he appears a logical choice for All Blacks captain should Read be absent for any reason.
The Crusaders were able to win from seemingly any position and their coolness under fire at Ellis Park as the Lions began their inevitable comeback was a credit to Whitelock's ability to keep a level head and lead from the front.
"Mentally durable would be a good way to describe him," All Blacks assistant coach Ian Foster said. "He doesn't get flustered. Not a lot of things take his eyes off what his next job is. I think that's probably his greatest strength. He's good at what he does with his roles but it's the fact he can stay focused on that for long periods of the game is what is key.
"They [Crusaders] came [into camp last] Thursday after arriving in the country on Monday night so in some ways it's a big ask and there are a few negatives with the travel and what they've done but there are also massive positives," Foster said. "They've had a goal and they've achieved it so they bring that self-belief and confidence in the camp.
"We didn't use them in the game on Friday and gave them a chance to sit back and watch and often the best way to mentally charge up a player is to see someone else play in your position in your team. It's interesting to see how quickly it comes back. To a man they've trained really well and integrated just as everyone else has."
By Martin Kielty
Frontman Matt Bellamy reveals that Muse's new track “Thought Contagion” will arrive in next two months, with an LP to follow in late 2018 or early 2019.
Continue reading…
…read more
Via:: Diffuser
TMZ learned earlier today Wednesday June 14, 2017, that Corinne Olympios has hired a team to “seek justice” for the “Bachelor in Paradise” swimming pool incident.
The statement reads, “I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4. Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production.”
She continued, “As a woman, this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality. As I pursue the details and facts surrounding that night and the immediate days after, I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening.”
-source via tmz.com
San Jose, USA — 04 July 2018 — Animal Abatement Specialists have been on the market for a long time and they have worked hard on building a good name for themselves. The problem on the market nowadays is that good quality work isn't done anymore. Those that are doing it are usually the veterans or those that have a high enough price. People don't usually go for a high price because they don't have the resources to waste on something as menial as a dead animal in their backyard.
What they do is that they are calling the state dead animal removal san francisco that aren't very good and they settle for those services. What these people are doing is unacceptable: they aren't punctual, don't do the work completely and don't clean after themselves. When an American calls in a service then he is expecting the people to do a proper job and not just come and take the money without doing anything of the essence. The san francisco dead animal removal is an amazing service for those people that expect a good work to be done.
When there is an animal visitor in the backyard then this doesn't automatically mean that this animal has to die as to be removed from the premises. A good service will come and will remove the living animal without causing it any harm. In case there is a dead animal removal necessary then it's even easier for the guys as to get the job done with ease. The wildlife pest control is the hard part in this equation and this is the core reason why so many people aren't good at it.
A lot of people have rated the wildlife removal specialist with top marks because the people that have come when they called were respectful, compatible and came on time. One cannot really expect the state services to be there in time or even to come on the same day that the client has called them. Top of the line wildlife removal specialist is usually expensive but this company is trying to keep their prices in check as to be able to service as many people that are in need as possible. It all comes to a good idea being done properly and invested in as required.
Contact:
Company: Animal Abatement Specialists
Web site: animalabatementspecialists.com
URL: yelp.com/biz/animal-abatement-specialists-san-jose-2
Address: 3924 Sophist Dr, San Jose, CA 95132
Phone number: (408) 761-7837
Today, throughout New Zealand, and elsewhere in the world where New Zealanders gather, we will remember them.
At dawn services and Anzac parades, serving military personnel, returned service personnel, their families, and others wanting to pay their respects to the fallen will gather to pray, sing hymns, lay wreaths and listen to the haunting notes of the Last Post ring out. Veterans will march wearing their medals, descendants will proudly don the decorations of family members who served everywhere from the unforgiving shores of Gallipoli and trenches of the Western Front in World War I, to Crete and North Africa during World War II, to more recent conflicts in Korea, Vietnam, and elsewhere.
These past four years have been particularly poignant as the world has marked the centenary of World War I. As the 100th anniversary of individual battles is noted, cities and tiny townships the length and breadth of the country have remembered their fallen by erecting white crosses in their war cemeteries or around their war memorials. They - like the long lists of names etched on the many monuments to the fallen - have served as a shocking visual reminder of the scale of the loss suffered by families and communities, of the sacrifice made by young New Zealanders.
Wartime services were often about patriotism; now, the focus is on remembrance. Increasingly, too, we are encouraged to think about the treatment of conscientious objectors, and the vital role of peacemakers.
Advertisement
That is important. War should not be glorified, nor be embarked on lightly. Diplomacy must be encouraged as a way of avoiding and settling disputes. Peace should be our guiding force, lest we forget all those who died that we may enjoy it.
Of course, although there have not been the global wars of last century, regional conflicts still arise, and the nuclear arms race continues. Easy access to images of atrocities carried out by individuals and regimes means we are no longer isolated, can no longer plead ignorance, and can feel like the world is a very unsafe place.
What to do when faced with such brutality? Leaders are damned when they do and damned if they don't act to stop slaughter.
Often, amid such stalemates and times of heightened unease, one organisation takes the flak: the United Nations. Most recently, failure to stem the violence in Syria has been laid at the UN's feet. Russia has been accused of (ab)using its Security Council permanent member veto powers to protect Bashar al-Assad's regime. In turn it accuses the US and its allies of abusing their power - acting without a UN mandate - in carrying out recent airstrikes.
It becomes easy, particularly when no simple solutions are available, to question whether the UN remains relevant.
Yet, as we once again come together to honour and remember the legions of soldiers - and civilians alike - who have died in conflict, it is vital also to remember and honour the organisation formed in 1945 after the devastation of another world war, whose raison d'etre is to maintain international peace and security.
Surely - and regardless of the failings - those ideals, and the organisation that best espouses them, remain worth fighting for.
The Government has declined to say how the nomination of the outgoing Attorney General Máire Whelan to the State's second highest court, the Court of Appeal, came about as one of the last acts of the Enda Kenny administration.
The Irish Times understand that most Ministers were not notified of the proposed appointment before the final Cabinet meeting on Tuesday morning, and that outgoing minister for justice Frances Fitzgerald and Minister for Transport Shane Ross – who has previously raised objections to judicial appointments as “jobs for the boys” – were only informed by Mr Kenny immediately before the Cabinet met.
The Government's official spokesman said the appointment of Ms Whelan was not in accordance with a previous convention where the attorney general had first refusal on any senior judicial appointments that arose.
This convention was last used when Harry Whelehan was appointed to the High Court in 1994 – a row that eventually led to the fall of the Fianna Fáil-Labour government.
However, the Government spokesman was unable to say how the appointment had come about. He said Ms Whelan was nominated in accordance with the Constitution and because she was “available and qualified”.
The Department of Justice said the Judicial Appointments Advisory Board (JAAB) had not recommended anybody for the post. Ms Whelan is a member of the board.
Stepaside
A spokesman for Mr Ross said that he had expressed his concerns about the appointment.
However, Mr Ross was pleased when the Cabinet approved a decision by Garda management to re-open Stepaside Garda station in his constituency, a move he had long sought.
Mr Ross had banners erected in his constituency, and a mailshot, on official notepaper through the free postal service for TDs and Ministers, was sent out immediately after the Cabinet decision, arriving at the homes of voters in the area yesterday morning.
In the letter, Mr Ross said he has been “fighting this closure for the last three and a half years”.
Opposition TDs accused him of trading his objection to judicial appointments for the opening of the station.
Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin described Ms Whelan's appointment as “directly political”.
Speaking in the Dáil after Fine Gael leader Leo Varadkar was nominated Taoiseach, Mr Martin said it was essential that the “controversy” was addressed.
“The excuse that there were no qualified applicants is clearly false given that the last application process closed nearly six months ago, and there was no public advertisement of this vacancy,” Mr Martin said.
Ms Whelan has been at the centre of a number of controversies as attorney general, though she was extremely close to the former taoiseach, Enda Kenny.
The most serious controversy was when it emerged in the reports of the Fennelly Commission that she had given two different versions of events while giving evidence under oath.
In 2014, Ms Whelan told the commission she had given the taoiseach an alarming account of the taping of phone calls at Garda stations, warning him of widespread illegality by gardaí.
A year later, however, she changed her evidence. The report was also critical of other aspects of her behaviour, including her refusal to inform the then minister for justice, Alan Shatter.
Two Garda civilian members who believe some homicides were both misclassified and not investigated as they should have been trying to raise their concerns in the Garda for over a year.
They became frustrated at the lack of progress and so disclosed their allegations, in a lengthy dossier, to the Joint Oireachtas Committee on Justice.
The two civilian Garda staff members believe a research project on homicides, prepared within the Garda by data analysts, was not acted on as it should have been.
They believe the report highlighted cases in which homicides were not fully investigated as such. And while they raised their concerns with senior Garda management several times, a disagreement emerged about the interpretation of the analysts' research, The Irish Times has learned.
The two Garda civilian staff member became concerned that the full information on the misclassification of homicides available within the Garda was not being passed to the Policing Authority.
Repeated requests
This was despite the authority's repeated requests, in public and private, for more information on misclassified homicides so the true extent of the problem of incorrectly recorded killings would be confirmed.
About two weeks ago, the two Garda civilians disclosed their concerns to the Joint Oireachtas Committee on Justice.
Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan said he was “extremely concerned” at allegations, first reported in The Irish Times on Friday, that some unlawful deaths, or homicides, were not properly investigated.
“Any substantiated allegations of this kind would be very serious and a cause of grave public concern,” he said.
The Garda, he said, had assured him even that though some homicide misclassifications had emerged last year all of the cases had been investigated as they should have been.
Mr Flanagan also stated he had not seen any protected disclosure outlining concerns on the issue.
It is understood that because the allegations have been submitted to a Oireachtas committee, rather than the Garda, the Department of Justice believes they do not fit the legal definition of a protected disclosure.
Frustration
However, the two Garda civilian staff members opted to approach politicians with their disclosure because their efforts to raise their concerns within the force for over a year had resulted in frustration.
The two Garda civilians met at least two members of the Oireachtas committee last week. Their allegations were contained in a dossier presented to the committee members.
Chair of the committee Caoimhghín Ó Caoláin TD (SF) could not be reached for comment last night about how the committee intended to deal with the issues now disclosed to it. Garda Headquarters declined to comment last night.
Senior Garda officers are set to be questioned about the growing homicides controversy at a sitting of the Policing Authority later this month.
Alan Kelly TD (Lab) said he believed the matters would now be dealt with by the committee and the Policing Authority, adding that needed to happen “as quickly as possible”.
LSU head coach Ed Orgeron celebrates with his players after a win over Texas A&M in an NCAA football game at Kyle Field on Thursday, Nov. 24, 2016, in College Station, Texas. LSU won the game 54-39. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
DESTIN, Fla. -- Expect to see two former Texas Tech standouts to be on the field often for LSU this fall.
After sitting out the 2017 season to fulfill the one-year transfer penalty, LSU coach Ed Orgeron said former Tech players Breiden Fehoko and Jonathan Giles will be starters when the season starts.
"Right now, Breiden's a starting left (defensive) end," Orgeron said Tuesday at the SEC spring meetings in Destin, Fla. "Right now, Giles is wearing No. 7 and he's our starting slot receiver."
Before Giles transferred to LSU, he was Tech's leading receiver in 2016. He tallied 69 catches for 1,158 yards and 13 touchdowns, all of which were team highs in Patrick Mahomes' final year as the starting quarterback.
Giles' jersey number is also very important in Baton Rouge. Previous players who have worn No. 7 include Leonard Fournette and Tyrann Mathieu. Both were stars for the Tigers before they turned pro.
Fehoko was a four-star recruit coming out of high school. He started all 12 games for the Red Raiders in 2016 and compiled 3.5 tackles for loss and one sack.
The former Red Raiders could be pivotal in Orgeron's second season as LSU's head coach.
"I think those guys will have tremendous years," Orgeron said.
Former tennis champion Martina Navratilova said on Monday she was shocked to discover that Britain's public broadcaster, the BBC, paid John McEnroe at least 10 times more than her for their commentary of the Wimbledon tournament.
Navratilova said she found out McEnroe made at least £150,000 (€170,000) compared to her £15,000 (€17,000) when the BBC, under government pressure, released a list last year of the earnings of its top earning presenters and journalists.
British companies are under heightened scrutiny over their pay structures and the BBC has faced criticism from women complaining they are paid less than men in equivalent jobs and misled about their pay to hide widespread gender discrimination.
“Unless John McEnroe is doing a lot of stuff outside of Wimbledon, he's getting at least 10 times as much money for very comparable work,” Navratilova said in an interview to be aired on Panorama, the BBC's investigative programme, on Monday.
Difference
The nine-times Wimbledon champion said she was told she was receiving a similar amount to her male counterpart but she was clearly “not told the truth, that's for sure”, she said.
Panorama estimated US player McEnroe made about three times as many Wimbledon appearances as Navratilova resulting in the difference in pay.
McEnroe, who won Wimbledon three times, was not immediately available to comment.
BBC Sport said McEnroe and Navratilova performed different roles in the team.
“John's role is of a different scope and time commitment,” BBC Sport said in a statement to Panorama, citing that “gender isn't a factor” in salary.
Navratilova agreed McEnroe was on air more.
“Ten times as much? I don't think so,” she said.
The BBC has admitted to a gender pay gap of 9 per cent, meaning more men are in better paid jobs, but said this is narrower than the British average of 18 per cent. The corporation does not admit to paying women less than men for equal work.
– Reuters
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leaking brake fluid and a boot full of water were just two of the serious defects police in Derby found when they conducted a check on the city's taxis.
Officers also found “serious corrosion” in one Hackney cab and another taxi which had been damaged in an accident and which had not been reported to the police.
The police and Derby City Council jointly carry out the spot checks in different parts of the city.
And some of the results they came across have been posted on Derbyshire Roads Policing Unit's Twitter page.
(Image: Derbyshire RPU Twitter)
A spokesman said: "We inspected six in the city centre. A mix of Hackney and private hire.
"Five have been taken off the road and one has been referred for further inspection relating to electrical wiring issues."
In one tweet, the unit posted a video of fluid coming from a valve inside one taxi with the words: “Hackney Carriage. Brake fluid leaking from front / rear brake compensator valve. Licence suspended and prohibition notice issued.”
A second Tweet showed a movie of a loose bracket saying: “Hackney Carriage. Hackney Carriage. Lower shock absorber mounting bracket has fractured and detached. Shock absorber is now insecure and not attached to the suspension arm. Licence suspended and prohibition notice issued.”
In January, we reported how rule changes intended to improve the state of Derby's "unacceptably poor" taxis were revealed.
Cabs in the city will be checked more often under the new plans drawn up after the state of local private hire and hackney taxis was described as "unacceptably poor" by the city's top cop.
(Image: Derbyshire RPU Twitter)
Chief Superintendent Jim Allen wrote to Derby City Council in November to say that, when police check if taxis in the city meet safety standards, there is a "much higher rate of failure" than in checks elsewhere in the county.
He said officers had concerns over the age of the fleet and the number of inspections carried out on vehicles.
Now, plans put forward by a cross-party group of Derby city councillors, propose that from April 1, all licensed vehicles should be tested twice a year, instead of once a year.
The group's plans also include introducing a requirement that new vehicle licences will only be granted for cabs less than five years old at the date of first registration with the DVLA.
On Monday, police tweeted a third picture showing rust in one of the city's Hackney cabs.
It said: “Serious corrosion issues in the passenger seat mounting areas and boot. Suspension spring also fractured and lower portion of coil missing. Licence suspended & prohibition notice issued.”
And a fourth tweet, with an accompanying image, read: “Private Hire. A boot floor full of water and electrical wiring not properly insulated which sparked as we were inspecting it. Licence suspended and prohibition notice issued.”
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
The Ohio-based swimming pool company Eastern Pools has published an educative article on its website about pool sanitation. Titled “Everything You Need To Know About Swimming Pool Sanitation,” the post covers all the important details about pool sanitization. The company regularly uploads informative articles in the Blog section of its website.
Eastern Pools has shared some remarkable tips on swimming pool sanitation in a recent blog post published on its website. According to the article, the first step in pool sanitation is the treatment or disinfection of water in a swimming pool using a chemical compound like chlorine in order to kill or inactivate microorganisms. Eastern Pools states that the next step is called oxidation and this involves the total destruction of the microorganisms and pathogens — by making them totally inert — and can include using cutting edge solutions like ultraviolet light.
The article discusses several topics with regard to swimming pool sanitation. One of these topics is about the importance of pool sanitization. According to Eastern Pools, the main purpose of pool sanitation is to ensure that the water maintains a balanced pH leading to the immediate death of microorganisms. Plus this neutral water does not corrode pool surfaces or deposit residue on the surface, thus it enhances pool maintenance and durability. The article states that there are two main methods of pool sanitization, namely chemical and nonchemical sanitization.
Chemical sanitizers are chemical-based disinfectants that are added to the water in order to kill or inactivate microorganisms in pools. The most commonly used chemical sanitizers are chlorine and hydrogen peroxide. Nonchemical sanitation involves the use of ultraviolet germicidal light to destroy targeted pathogens and microorganisms like algae, bacteria, viruses, cysts, protozoa in a swimming pool. Eastern Pools concludes by offering best practice pool sanitation recommendations, which include the mandatory acquisition of a professional grade water testing kit for measuring water pH, calcium hardness, alkaline levels, total & free chlorine levels, and cyanuric acid concentrations. Further company information can be found at https://goo.gl/zHTjPg
About Us
Eastern Pools is a family owned and managed company that offers pool and spa repair, installation, and maintenance services to residential and commercial customers in the greater Akron area of Ohio. Among its many service accounts, Eastern Pools serves private and public pools in apartment and condo complexes, country clubs, health clinics & hospitals, sports arenas, restaurants, schools, gyms & fitness clubs etc. Established over 55 years ago by Ray and Joan Duncan, the company boasts a combined total of more than 200 years of experience in sales and the service of pools and spas. Reviews of the pool company can be seen at https://www.google.com/maps/place/Eastern+Pools+Inc/@41.000767,-81.6525287,17z/data=!4m12!1m6!3m5!1s0x0:0x49465886333b1d54!2sEastern+Pools+Inc!8m2!3d41.000767!4d-81.65034!3m4!1s0x0:0x49465886333b1d54!8m2!3d41.000767!4d-81.65034?hl=en
CONTACT:
Keith Duncan
Company: Eastern Pools, Inc.
Address: 4953 Wooster Road West, Norton, OH 44203
Tel: 330-825-2214
Email: sales@easternpools.com
Website: http://www.easternpools.com
A hospital porter who found that his work increasingly involved wheeling the dead bodies of overdose victims thanked a Naval Service officer for saving hundreds of lives after one of the largest drug seizures in the history of the State.
The Government on Friday awarded a prestigious distinguished service medal and two commendations to three officers of the Irish Naval Service for their role in Operation Seabight in 2008.
The operation involved the seizure of €400 million worth of cocaine 150 nautical miles southwest of Mizen Head in extremely challenging weather conditions.
Lieut Comm Martin Brett, who received a commendation for his actions during Operation Seabight, said that while the ceremony at Haulbowline Naval Base in Co Cork was a massive honour, he was equally moved when he received a heartfelt letter from a hospital porter.
“The (seizure) was 155 million lines of cocaine by the time it is cut and sold on the street. It was 80 per cent proof, which is pure cocaine. Every one line potentially a killer.
“We got a letter from a porter in a hospital thanking us because he said he was sick and tired of pushing (trolleys) of kids with overdoses and comforting families in hospitals because of drugs. That means as much to me as the commendation today. Because that is reality. That is somebody on the ground dealing on a day-to-day basis with the consequences of drugs.”
Log book entry
Meanwhile, Lieut Comm Brett said the smugglers on board Dances with Waves had filled in a log book entry in which they claimed that they had discovered the 74 bales (over 1.5 tonnes) of cocaine at sea.
They told members of the Naval Service that they planned to hand the drugs over to gardaí or the police upon their arrival in a port.
“They had made an entry in their log book to indicate that they had picked something up from the sea having left South America.
“The entry was made so that had they been detained it would have been part of their defence that they weren't actually importing drugs that they had simply found this and it was their intention to report it on arrival in a port. It was their defence that there were going to bring it to gardaí or police on their arrival in a port.”
Lieut Comm Jamie Cotter received a Distinguished Service Medal with Distinction at the ceremony for his actions as boarding officer during Operation Seabight.
Lieut Comm Martin Brett, Comm (Retired) Eugene Ryan, and Lieut Comm Jamie Cotter, who were involved in Operation Seabright. Photograph: Michael Mac Sweeney/Provision
Lieut Comm Cotter says such seizures are a testament to the tremendous work that has been carried out in the Naval Service over the last few years in terms of resourcing and training.
“The Navy's standard course for narcotics is a five-day intensive boarding team members' course. In addition to that you would do a two-week instructors' course that would qualify you to be the officer of the boarding team. Then we also send people internationally on courses with the Royal Navy and with the Hellenic Navy in Greece. We make sure our practice and procedures are in keeping with best practice.
“But in the background you have the intelligence operation. The Joint Taskforce, the co-operation between an Garda Síochána and Customs and Excise is key to providing the most accurate information to the tactical team.”
Commendation
Commander Eugene Ryan also received a commendation arising out of his actions during Operation Seabight.
Now retired, albeit active in rugby where he is a qualified referee, he spent 24 years at sea during which time he commanded the LÉ Grainne, LÉ Aoife, LÉ Emer and LÉ Eithne.
He says individuals involved in the actual physical act of transporting drugs on yachts are often “stooges” who risk their lives for “pitiful money.”
Commander Ryan stressed he was “hugely proud” of the achievements of his fellow Naval personnel over the years.
“This place [Haulbowline] was my life for 40 years. I know they are having difficulties in the Defence Force keeping people in, but for me I just wanted to be in the Navy. I wanted to be part of it. What we have done and what I see other people doing it makes me hugely proud.”
Three men were jailed for 10 years each in 2009 in relation to their part in Operation Seabight. Aboard the yacht were Philip Doo, (52), of Brixham, Devon; David Mufford, (45), of Torquay, Devon; and Christopher Wiggins, (45), of Estepona, Malaga, Spain.
The men travelled from Spain to Trinidad and Tobago, where Mr Doo purchased the yacht for €120,000. They later sailed to Venezuela to collect the drugs. Their destination was Caernarfon Bay, near Holyhead, Wales.
Each year FLY Racing develops, tests, and improves its products in a never-ending pursuit of the perfect racewear. The first to integrate The Boa® System, FLY racewear offers the unmatched comfort, performance and durability that make it an industry leader in technical racewear. For 2018 they've created their lightest, most comfortable and durable gear yet. Gear that lasts and gear that performs—ride after ride, race after race. Prepare, perform, and progress with FLY racing.
The Fly Racing Racer X Podcast comes in with the 100% creative director, and former owner of One industry, Marc Blanchard talking about his road from France to working with JT Racing to starting One, selling it, and co-creating 100% eyewear.
Click HERE to listen to the show or get it from iTunes under Steve Matthes Show. If you have a smartphone, get it from the Stitcher or Pulpmx Apps.
A 75-year-old Trump supporter is accused in a lawsuit of assaulting a Black female protester at a March 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky. But the veteran says he's not responsible for the attack, pointing a finger of blame at President Donald Trump.
NBC News reports that Alvin Bamberger filed a cross claim Friday arguing that he would not have shoved Kashiya Nwanguma if Trump hadn't directed supporters at the rally to remove the protesters.
Donald Trump supporter Alvin Bamberger is accused of assaulting a protester at a 2016… https://t.co/nBxXy6VEN1 pic.twitter.com/kLC79iFSC5 — Shihtzuman (@shihtzuman) April 16, 2017
Bamberger's response to the federal lawsuit states he “would not have acted as he did without Trump and/or the Trump Campaign's specific urging and inspiration.”
Nwanguma was one of three peaceful protesters at the rally who sued Trump, Bamberger and another audience member identified as Matthew Heimbach. It accuses Trump of inciting the crowd to assault them.
In a video of the incident, Trump is heard telling his supporters to “get them out,” pointing to the three protesters.
Bamberger's attorney argues in the cross claim that Trump is liable, in part, because he “promised to pay the legal fees of those who — following Trump's urgings — removed the protesters at multiple rallies.”
Remember Alvin Bamberger, the vet who assaulted Kashiya Nwanguma at a Trump Rally? Read this→https://t.co/rp4KuqjzPJ #Resist #TheResistance pic.twitter.com/jHR1hzVuiT — Chet Powell (@ChetPowell) April 16, 2017
The cross claim comes two weeks after a federal judge rejected Trump's free speech defense and ruled that the lawsuit against the president, Bamberger and Heimbach could move forward.
The judge wrote: “It is plausible that Trump's direction to ‘get 'em out of here' advocated the use of force. It was an order, an instruction, a command.”
Judge Says It's Plausible Trump's 'Get 'Em Out of Here!' Comment Incited Attack on 3 Protesters https://t.co/dVfsWHKXmk — IJR (@TheIJR) April 3, 2017
SOURCE: NBC News
SEE ALSO:
Black Protester Assaulted At Trump Rally Seeks Hate Crime Charge
North Carolina Deputies Disciplined Over Handling Of Trump Rally Assault
Join the Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce for an Issue and Policy Roundtable luncheon on “Education in Goleta” from noon to 1:15 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 6 at the Elephant Bar , 521 Firestone Road in Goleta.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
While most Leaving Certificate students spent the June Bank Holiday studying, James Roe Jr competed in the third round of the British Formula Ford 1600 Championship at Knockhill Racing Circuit in Fife in Scotland.
The 18 year old exam student at Newbridge College in Kildare is one of Ireland's most exciting young motorsports talents, having first competed in the 2014 Ginetta Junior Ireland Championship, aged 15, where he was a race winner and lap record holder.
One of just three Irish race drivers selected for the Team Ireland 2017 elite programme, James Roe Jr is competing in both the 2017 British Formula Ford 1600 Championship and the Northern Ireland FF1600 series too.
Credited for his flashes of blinding pace, and mooted as ‘one to watch in 2017' by motorsports aficionados, James Roe Jr has bigger worries than next month's motor-racing or his exam papers in the coming weeks. So far in 2017, Roe has scored 9 podiums from 15 races- and impressive achievement in such a competitive class.
The best way to come to terms with the tragic loss of a loved one is to talk with others who have lived through it
[Noozhawk's note: On Sept. 15, 2011, Yale University School of Music employee John Miller died in an apparent suicide on campus. The incident spurred a Yale Divinity School student to share her own story, and we're sharing it with our readers.]
I did not know John Miller. Judging by the accounts I've read, he was extremely talented. Given the work he did in New Haven schools, I imagine he was also funny, fun, full of life and self-giving to a fault.
My son, Seth Alan Peterson, was like that, too. He was also like John in another way. He committed suicide, dying at age 24, two years and seven months ago. Finishing up his theater studies at NYU and living in Brooklyn, he had a bright future ahead of him. In the summer of 2008, he was chosen as one of Broadway's Rising Stars and performed on stage at Broadway's Town Hall, demonstrating his extraordinary voice and acting talent. Seven months later, he was dead.
Suicide brings on a very particular and peculiar kind of grief. The guilt and second-guessing and pure horror that someone could end one's own life cause excruciating pain for family and friends. I have learned more about this than I care to know in the time since Seth died. Although we still know very little about John's tragic passing, I thought it might be helpful to share some of that hard-earned knowledge.
You could not have prevented it. Even if you think that you could have on that particular occasion, there is no guarantee that it would not have happened some other time. If you are wondering why you didn't go with John or ask him to come over if he seemed out of sorts, don't blame yourself. Seth's roommate was in an adjoining room when he died. Having someone nearby made no difference at all.
If you're trying to make rational sense of how something like this could happen to someone with such talent and such a bright future, you really can't think about it rationally — there is no rational explanation. Normal people, those who are not sick in some way, do not kill themselves. Our most basic human instinct is for survival, so to cause one's own demise subverts that in ways our healthy intellects can't imagine.
If you're thinking that John made a choice to end his life, I can't agree. Whatever was tormenting him — depression, mental illness, some event that threw his mental wiring off kilter — that is what took him. As I said before, it isn't a rational choice. Suicides are committed by people driven by a distorted mental and emotional reality. It isn't really a choice.
The best way to come to terms with the death of someone who simply did not wish to live any more is to talk with others who have lived through it. I could not have survived my son's death without the support of family and friends, my church community and the care of others who have lost loved ones to suicide. It won't make the pain go away, but it does help to know that you're not the only one asking crazy questions and having morbid thoughts and trying to figure out the inexplicable.
I knew that Seth had contemplated suicide. I knew that he already decided how he would carry it out. At the time of his death, however, he was on an upswing: According to his therapist, he was not a danger to himself. So even though he had a plan, the act itself was impulsive.
In that moment, I don't think the thought of those he would leave behind in broken grief even occurred to him. Nor did my making a pact with him to call me if he reached that point. This is the nasty reality of suicide prevention. People have to be reached before they get to that point of no return. There is help available here on campus, through your own health-care professional or through organizations such as the National Alliance on Mental Illness or the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention. Raise your awareness. Talk to someone. And know that those worst moments do pass.
When I heard the news of John's death, I was taken back to the interminable car ride my husband and I made to Brooklyn in the wee hours of the morning, hoping that Seth was still alive up to the moment we received a phone call from a police detective telling us he didn't make it. John's parents made a similar car ride to New Haven, Conn., from Poughkeepsie, N.Y.
That horror, that unimaginable grief, however, was not the end of the story. There is life after death. While I still don't fully understand how I am supposed to make some good out of the tragedy of my son's death, at the least I can bear witness that, even in its worst times, life is good and worth living.
» Click here for free suicide prevention resources that are available 24 hours a day.
— Elaine Ellis Thomas is a second-year student at Yale Divinity School in New Haven, Conn. This column originally appeared in the Yale Daily News and is republished with permission.
In some ways this cluelessness in Washington may be a good thing: malevolence may indeed be tempered by incompetence
When I travel to Asia, I'm fairly often met at the airport by someone holding a sign reading “Mr. Paul.” Why? In much of Asia, names are given family first, personal second — at home, the prime minister of Japan is referred to as Abe Shinzo. And the mistake is completely forgivable when it's made by a taxi driver picking up a professor.
It's not so forgivable, however, if the president of the United States makes the same mistake when welcoming the leader of one of our most important economic and security partners. But there it was: Donald Trump referring to Abe as, yes, Prime Minister Shinzo.
Abe did not, as far as we know, respond by calling his host President Donald.
Trivial? Well, it would be if it were an isolated instance. But it isn't. What we've seen instead over the past three weeks is an awesome display of raw ignorance on every front. Worse, there's no hint that either the White House or its allies in Congress see this as a problem. They appear to believe that expertise, or even basic familiarity with a subject, is for wimps; ignorance is strength.
We see this on legal matters: In a widely quoted analysis, the legal expert Benjamin Wittes described the infamous executive order on refugees as “malevolence tempered by incompetence,” and noted that the order reads “as if it was not reviewed by competent counsel at all” — which is a good way to lose in court.
We see it on national security matters, where the president continues to rely on a chief adviser who, suspicious closeness to the Kremlin aside, appears to get his strategic information from right-wing conspiracy theorists.
We see it on education, where the hearings for Betsy DeVos, the education secretary, revealed her to be completely ignorant about even the most elementary issues.
We see it on diplomacy. How hard is it to ask someone from the State Department to make sure that the White House gets foreign leaders' names right? Too hard, apparently: Before the Abe flub, the official agenda for the state visit by Theresa May, the British prime minister, repeatedly misspelt her name.
And on economics — well, there's nobody home. The Council of Economic Advisers, which is supposed to provide technical expertise, has been demoted from Cabinet rank, but that hardly matters, since nobody has been nominated to serve. Remember all that talk about a trillion-dollar infrastructure plan? If you do, please remind the White House, which hasn't offered even a ghost of a concrete proposal.
But let me not be too hard on the Tweeter-in-chief: disdain for expertise is general in his party. For example, the most influential Republican economists aren't serious academics with a conservative bent, of whom there are many; they're known hacks who literally can't get a number right.
Or consider the current GOP panic over health care. Many in the party seem shocked to learn that repealing any major part of Obamacare will cause tens of millions to lose insurance. Anyone who studied the issue could have told them years ago how the pieces of health reform fit together, and why. In fact, many of us did, repeatedly. But competent analysis wasn't wanted.
And that is, of course, the point. Competent lawyers might tell you that your Muslim ban is unconstitutional; competent scientists that climate change is real; competent economists that tax cuts don't pay for themselves; competent voting experts that there weren't millions of illegal ballots; competent diplomats that the Iran deal makes sense, and Putin is not your friend. So competence must be excluded.
At this point, someone is bound to say, “If they're so dumb, how come they won?” Part of the answer is that disdain for experts — sorry, “so-called” experts — resonates with an important part of the electorate. Bigotry wasn't the only dark force at work in the election; so was anti-intellectualism, hostility toward “elites” who claim that opinions should be based on careful study and thought.
Also, campaigning is very different from governing. This is especially true when the news media spend far more time obsessing over your opponent's pseudo-scandals than they do on all actual policy issues combined.
But now things have gotten real, and all indications are that the people in charge have no idea what they're doing, on any front.
In some ways this cluelessness may be a good thing: malevolence may indeed be tempered by incompetence. It's not just the court defeat over immigration; Republican ignorance has turned what was supposed to be a blitzkrieg against Obamacare into a quagmire, to the great benefit of millions. And Trump's imploding job approval might help slow the march to autocracy.
But meanwhile, who's in charge? Crises happen, and we have an intellectual vacuum at the top. Be afraid, be very afraid.
— New York Times News Service
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18ory
— The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile.
So concludes an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. Among the findings:
— Nearly one in five workers — a share the study calls "disturbingly high" — say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work, which can include sexual harassment and bullying. Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse.
— Nearly 55 percent say they face "unpleasant and potentially hazardous" conditions.
—Nearly three quarters say they spend at least a fourth of their time on the job in "intense or repetitive physical" labor. "I was surprised at how physically demanding jobs were," says lead author Nicole Maestas, a Harvard Medical School economist.
—Telecommuting is rare: 78 percent say they are required to be present in their workplace during working hours.
—Only 38 percent say their jobs offer good prospects for advancement. And the older they get, the less optimistic they become.
—About half say they work on their own time to meet the demands of their job.
"Wow — (work) is pretty taxing place for many people," Maestas says. "I was surprised by how pressured and hectic the workplace is."
In many cases, less-educated workers endure tougher working conditions. For example, fewer than half of men without college degrees can take a break whenever they want to, compared to more than 76 percent of men with college degrees. Likewise, nearly 68 percent of men without degrees spend at least a fourth of their time moving heavy loads.
Maestas wonders whether toxic working conditions are keeping Americans out of the labor force. The percentage of Americans who are working or looking for work — 62.9 percent in July — has not returned to pre-recession levels and is well below its 2000 peak of 67.3 percent.
The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low, and many employers complain they can't fill jobs.
"There's a message for employers here," Maestas says. "Working conditions really do matter."
Not everything about American workplaces is grim. Workers enjoy considerable autonomy: more than 80 percent say they get to solve problems and try out their own ideas. Moreover, 58 percent say their bosses are supportive, and 56 percent say they have good friends at work.
The first-time survey of Americans ages 25-71 was carried out in 2015. It is similar to a long-running European survey, and researchers plan to conduct another survey next year and eventually to draw comparisons between U.S. and European working conditions.
SWANSEA, Wales (AP) " Bayern Munich has given assistant manager Paul Clement permission to hold talks with Swansea over becoming manager of the English Premier League club.
The 44-year-old Clement would be the south Wales team's third manager this season, with Francesco Guidolin and then Bob Bradley fired.
Swansea is in danger of being relegated after six seasons in the Premier League, with the team bottom of the standings.
Clement has less than one season's experience as a head coach, leaving second-tier English club Derby in February 2016 after eight months.
But the Englishman has worked alongside Carlo Ancelotti at Chelsea, Paris Saint-Germain, Real Madrid and, this season, Bayern.
Illinois protests challenge racism after Virginia violence
hello
CHICAGO -- Hundreds of people marched in Chicago as part of efforts to take a stand against racism in response to a white supremacist rally that spiraled into deadly violence in Virginia.
Sunday's march in Chicago started at Millennium Park and continued to near Trump Tower. No arrests were reported.
The Chicago Tribune reports Kate Mauldin of Chicago was among those at the protest. She held a sign that read "My grandpa fought Nazis so I wouldn't have to," She said both of her grandfathers fought in World War II and says: "I can't imagine what they would think today."
In Springfield, The State Journal-Register reports hundreds of people chanted "racism is wrong," ''white supremacy is unacceptable" and "we won't tolerate it here" during a Sunday vigil.
A month ago on one of those typical cold, lonely Noozhawk writer's Saturday nights, I was browsing through the evening's available entertainment (provided by Netflix) and stumbled across an interesting documentary called Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead. Now I have to monitor how much food- and nutrition-related documentaries I watch in any given period because of the high levels of emotion they evoke.
I watched Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead and found it to be very inspiring. It's the story of a successful Australian businessman who is suffering from being overweight in addition to an autoimmune issue that manifests in the form of a painful skin rash.
This gentleman wanted to put himself through the experiment of consuming only freshly juiced fruits and vegetables for 60 days to see if his body could heal itself of these ills. I should probably add that he was also taking large amounts of Prednisone to manage the skin issue and didn't want to be reliant on the drug for his continued survival.
Off he went on a 60-day tour of the United States, stopping along the way to chat with our fellow countrymen and women on our thoughts regarding food, nutrition, health and the like. I won't tell you the outcome of the film, but I do implore you to watch it for yourself as it is monumentally eye-opening in addition to its inspirational value.
The 180-degree health shift that the protagonist experienced moved me to quickly beg my business partner, Eric Malzone, to watch the film. He did and then proposed that we both try a 10-day juice fast. This would give us insight into what would happen if two healthy, active individuals tried to live off juice and juice alone, allowing us to have firsthand, personal experiences to share with clients in the future.
Bam! That was all the persuasion I needed. A 10-day juice fast was in the works!
I busted out my trusty juicer, donated a large portion of money to Whole Foods, and was stocked with a fridge full of delicious organic fruits and vegetables and a healthy dose of excitement.
Fast forward to 9:17 a.m. on Day 1. I am hungry. I am very, very hungry. This is not good. The previous day's excitement has quickly given way to a longing for food that I have experienced very few times before. To be completely honest, the feeling was less a desire for food and more the desire “to eat something.” Yes, it was more the physical act of placing food into my mouth, chewing it and swallowing it that I wanted more than the sensation of being satiated.
I cannot count how many times in the next 72 hours where I stood up to go to a refrigerator or a cabinet with the intention of “grabbing a snack.” I did this in between phone calls, in between emails, when a commercial came on during a football game, when I was bored, when I couldn't think of the next line in a brilliantly worded Noozhawk article, etc. Eating, I was learning, was equally mental and emotional as it was physical.
Understandably, if you've read this far you're hoping that there is something here for you to walk away with, and here it lies. At the end of five days, both Eric and I were very much alive. We had continued to work out, and although we would need to add some caloric modifications to allow us to further train the way that we do, by Day 5, Eric had lost five pounds (he had lost eight pounds by Day 7 with the addition of small amounts of lean protein) and I had lost three pounds. Weight loss was not our intent or our goal, but it was a very real effect for two guys who don't have a lot of weight to lose to begin with.
Would I recommend a juice fast to a client or patient who was strictly interested in losing weight? Absolutely. By bombarding your body with massive amounts of phytochemicals, nutrients and vitamins while eliminating unhealthy common food items that keep weight on people, I believe you've got yourself a healthy way to drop a few pounds quickly. Get yourself a juicer, some organic fruits and vegetables and a copy of Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead, and give it a try. You know what you have to lose!
Have at it.
— Traver Boehm is co-owner and coach at Crossfit Pacific Coast, has a master's degree in Chinese medicine, is a licensed acupuncturist at Alki Wellness, and a nutrition specialist. He can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
THE High Court yesterday dismissed an application by the MDC-T faction led by Advocate Nelson Chamisa, which had taken its rivals to court in a fight over ownership of the party name, trademark, signs and symbols. The bitter wrangle involves a group led by Adv Chamisa and his rival Dr Thokozani Khupe.
Bulawayo High Court judge Justice Francis Bere ruled that there is a constitutional crisis in the MDC-T and there was no urgency in the matter because Adv Chamisa had not been confirmed by an impartial body to be the rightful heir to the MDC-T throne.
“There is a constitutional crisis in the MDC-T which must be urgently resolved first to determine the legitimacy to one of the competing parties to the leadership of the party. That resolution is the only one that must confer legitimacy to one of the competing parties to the leadership of the MDC-T,” he said.
Justice Bere said until legitimacy to the leadership is confirmed through a court process or arbitration, none of the MDC-T factions can claim to be the lawful authority of the party.
“It therefore makes sense to put that dispute before an impartial body to give guidance or lasting solution to the conflict. Issues of legitimacy in the MDC-T cannot be resolved on the basis of popularity or lack of it,” he said.
The judge said those who desire to get legitimacy to the leadership of the MDC-T must demonstrate “an insatiable appetite for constitutionalism.”
“There should be no room for the subversion of that constitution by any of the factions or any member of the party, and whenever that happens, it would be a serious violation of the rule of law. The issue of a trademark is a peripheral one that should resolve itself once the substantive issue of the legitimacy to the MDC-T leadership is resolved,” he said.
“Whichever faction is determined to be the legitimate claimant to the MDC-T throne will automatically lay claim to the party's trademark.
“The applicants and their locus standi in even bringing this application, is therefore questionable. The applicants and the respondents are in equal standing until a proper determination as regard to their status in the MDC-T is made by an independent competent body,” said the judge.
Justice Bere said the issue that has created the two MDC-T factions must be resolved urgently.
“This case cannot go beyond preliminary points by the respondents. I uphold the points in limine. Accordingly, the application is dismissed with costs on that basis,” ruled Justice Bere.
Adv Chamisa's camp, through its lawyers Atherstone and Cook Legal Practitioners, last week filed an urgent chamber application citing Dr Khupe together with her two allies Mr Abednigo Bhebhe and Mr Obert Gutu as respondents.
The Adv Chamisa led MDC-T last month fired Dr Khupe as the party's co-deputy president together with Mr Bhebhe and Mr Gutu following a national council meeting.
Prior to his dismissal, Mr Bhebhe was the party's national organising secretary while Mr Gutu held the post of national party spokesperson.
Dr Khupe was last Saturday elected substantive president of her camp at an extraordinary congress at Stanley Square in Bulawayo's Makokoba suburb.
The MDC-T split into two factions, one led by Adv Chamisa and the other by Dr Khupe as a result of power struggles that followed the death of its founding president Mr Morgan Tsvangirai on February 14.
Adv Chamisa was elevated by MDC-T's organs to be the party's leader while Dr Khupe remained with another faction where she declared herself acting president with the backing of other senior party members who included Mr Bhebhe and Mr Gutu.
In his founding affidavit, MDC-T acting chairperson Mr Morgen Komichi said the respondents were infringing on their registered trademark in pursuit of their political agenda by continuing to unlawfully exploit party symbols and signs despite their expulsion.
Mr Komichi said Dr Khupe and her allies were causing confusion and misleading MDC-T followers by continuing to use the party trademark, symbols and signs.
They sought an order interdicting the respondents from “unlawfully exploiting and abusing its registered MDC-T trademark, symbols and signs.”
Adv Chamisa's group argued that they were the rightful owners of the trademark, which the respondents are unlawfully exploiting, including the open palms symbol.
They accused their rivals of creating their own political structures in the name of the MDC-T, including making use of the party's registered trademark and their derivative marks, symbols and colours.
Mr Komichi said Dr Khupe portrayed herself as the leader of the MDC-T and the party's presidential candidate in the forthcoming harmonised elections.
Dr Khupe's camp through its lawyer Professor Lovemore Madhuku insisted that she was the president of the MDC-T.
Prof Madhuku argued that the application was not proper before the court.
He said Dr Khupe became acting president of MDC-T by operation of law in terms of Article 9.21.1 of the party constitution, upon the death of Mr Tsvangirai.
Dr Khupe said her rivals whom she accused of purportedly acting on behalf of MDC-T, chose to defy her and walked away claiming they were party members.
She also accused Adv Chamisa of imposing himself and seeking to consolidate his “coup d'état” efforts by refusing to follow the dictates of the party constitution.
Dr Khupe said her group was the genuine MDC-T and accused her rivals of being rebels bent on destroying the party and causing divisions ahead of elections.
She argued that any possible confusion arising from the use of party names and symbols would be resolved in accordance with the provisions of the Electoral Act.
Since Mr Tsvangirai's death, the opposition party has been a rocked by an acrimonious wrangle to succeed him.
The latest developments in the opposition party mark the third split of the original MDC, formed in 1999. Chronicle
JACKSONVILLE, N.C. (WNCT)–More than three weeks after Sergeant Joseph Murray returned to Jacksonville, his body made its final journey on Monday to its resting place.
Dozens of Jacksonville Patriot Guard Riders suited up for the final leg of their journey to escort Sgt. Murray's body to Arlington, Virginia.
“We make it so it's honorable for the family and for the departed,” rider Emmett Solas said.
The trip is over 300 miles and will take the riders from Jacksonville to Highway 70 to I-95.
For the Patriot Guard Riders who have been a part of Sgt. Murray's procession from the very beginning, it's a personal mission.
“I just think it's an honor to show respect to our veterans,” rider Dale Abernathy said. “I just want to make sure I show respect and to help the family through their grief with a turnout like this.”
Sgt. Murray was killed in the KC-130T crash on July 10th.
His body returned to Jacksonville nearly three weeks ago. The Patriot Guard Riders escorted it then, during his funeral ceremony and for his final trip.
“He's a Marine,” Salas said. “We always honor our Marines whether during their service or in this case, he gave his ultimate sacrifice for our freedom.”
The Patriot Guard is made up of many retired military members who protect the family members of the fallen during the funeral and grieving process.
Folks from the Jacksonville community lined the streets to say their final goodbyes.
Sgt. Murray's burial service is scheduled for Tuesday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You are falling to asleep, but you jolt back upright and suddenly remember you have failed to do one thing: plug your phone in to charge.
We all put our charging cables into our phones overnight, don't we?
It helps make sure you wake up with a device ready to go and last throughout the day, or until lunch-time at least.
Obviously, plugging your phone in to get some juice through the night is handy and convenient.
After all, you aren't having to walk around using your apps.
But this is the wrong way, we have now been reliably informed.
(Image: Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images)
Cadax , a company that offers devices that test smartphone and other batteries, runs a free educational website called Battery University .
As spotted by BusinessInsider , it offers a host of tips for prolonging the life of your phone, reports the Mirror.
Charge your phone little and often
We're all used to plugging in our mobiles for the long, overnight charge.
But it turns out that juicing up frequently and in small doses might actually be the best option for your battery's health.
It doesn't matter if you only charge up 10% or 20% as, according to Battery University: "Partial charges cause no harm."
Don't let your phone run out before you plug it in
We're often told that you should fully deplete your battery before you charge it right back up again.
Again, this isn't ideal.
According to the experts, a "deep-discharge" where you run it down to a fraction of its power is actually bad for batteries and will wear them out quicker.
So avoid the red warning if at all possible.
Keep your phone's battery between 65% and 75%
It turns out there's an optimal point to maintain your phone's power - kind of like the optimal speed limit for burning gas and covering distance in a car.
According to the team at Battery University, the sweet spot is between 65% and 75% of your battery's full charge.
Best keep that power pack handy.
Never fully charge your battery
This one might seem a bit counter-intuitive - but it appears that you should never charge your phone up to 100%.
That's because modern lithium-ion batteries do "not need to be fully charged, nor is it desirable to do so."
The website states: "In fact, it is better not to fully charge, because a high voltage stresses the battery".
You don't need to remove the charger when it's full
If you do decide to ignore the point above, the good news is that you don't have to remove the phone after you've hit 100%.
Battery University points out that the charger automatically turns off when it hits 100% so you're not doing any extra damage by leaving it connected to your device.
That being said, if you're not doing the battery any good by keeping it at 100%, it might be best to leave it alone overnight.
Although some big brands use Instagram Stories, it remains somewhat of a mystery to many small business marketers. How can the Stories feature be used, and is it effective?
And, starting with the basics, what are Instagram Stories?
"Instagram Stories is a collection of 15-second photos or videos that stay viewable for just 24 hours," according to an infographic on the topic by Headway Capital. "It gives you an opportunity to informally promote your business and brand identity, but using it to connect without being too pushy is key."
The infographic explains which icons and buttons to use within the Instagram app to create your story. It then goes on to explain some story strategy, such as how long to make stories and when to post them.
And the graphic wraps up with explanations of some additional features, such as geotagging, and tips on how to use your stories for marketing, such as going behind the scenes, hosting a takeover, and using polls.
To see how to get started with Instagram Stories for your business, check out the infographic:
Gardaí are appealing to the public for assistance in locating a teenager who has been reported missing from Portarlington, Co Laois.
Ronan Quinn (13) was reported missing to gardaí on Monday, May 28th and was last seen at approximately 8.30pm on that date in Portarlington. He is known to frequent Athlone and Dublin city centre.
He is described as approximately 5ft in height, of slight build with brown hair.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Portlaoise Garda Station at (057) 8674100, the Garda Confidential Line at 1800 666 111 or any Garda Station.
Illinois, 30 May 2018(News)- The virtual private network (VPN) market is an extension of a private network which is widely used among industries for secure data transmission via different portals. The VPN allows users to access data remotely with secure tunneling and encryption methods which also reduces the internal staff costs and enables business expansion.
The VPN enhances the productivity of the organizations as the data is encapsulated into network protocols through a secure passage thereby minimizing and reducing the chances of data breaches and cyber-attacks. The VPN secures the private business data which might include customer information, product catalog, employee and customer information along with company projections. The VPN allows data sharing with a particular subset of stakeholders thereby helping in business continuity and reliability. Brown Bear Corporation (dealing in manufacturing, utility, and environmental applications) makes use of the VPN by allowing the supervisory staff to connect via VPN to the office or the Brown Bear store to increase the management efficiency and reduce the drive time.
Get Free Sample Report: https://www.prominentmarketresearch.com/sample-report/global-virtual-private-network-market
Key Players:
The prominent players in the Virtual private network Market Microsoft Corporation (U.S), Private Internet Access (U.S), CyberGhost S.A. (Romani), NordVPN (Panama), Purevpn (Hong Kong), IPVanish (U.S), Golden Frog, GmbH (Switzerland), Buffered VPN (Hungary), SaferVPN (Israel), NetGear, Inc. (U.S) among others.
Global Virtual Private Network Market Analysis & Forecast to 2022:
• To provide a detailed analysis of the market structure along with a forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the virtual private network market
• To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth
• To analyze the virtual reality market based on Porter's five force analysis etc.
• To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments concerning four main geographies and their countries- North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East and Africa
• To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future perspective
Key Findings:
• The global virtual private network market is expected to reach USD 41.70 Billion by 2022 with 18.22% CAGR.
• By type, the market was dominated by hosted VPN, which has reached 5.52 billion in 2016. The cloud VPN is expected to show the highest growth rate.
• By deployment, on premises is dominating the market of VPN and has reached USD 9.87 billion in the year 2016. The on-cloud is expected to show the highest CAGR.
• By product, switches are dominating the market of VPN and have reached USD 5.14 billion in the year 2016. The firewalls are expected to show highest CAGR.
• By verticals, the government is dominating the market of VPN by verticals and has reached USD 3.05 billion in the year 2016. BFSI is expected to show highest CAGR
• Geographically, North America has dominated the VPN market in 2016, followed by Europe. Whereas, Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market.
Get Free Customized Report Sample: https://www.prominentmarketresearch.com/inquiry-report/global-virtual-private-network-market
Regional and Country Analysis of Global Virtual Private Network Market Estimation and Forecast:
Global Virtual Private Network market, by region, was led by North America in 2016. In the forecast period, the technological advancements, increasing awareness regarding safety and security and increasing demand for cybersecurity will help the market in North America. Europe stands on the second position in virtual private network market globally in 2016. Asia Pacific among all the regions is considered to be the fastest growing market for the Virtual Private Network. Developing network infrastructure, and increasing adoption rate of data transmission via the internet are some of the prominent factors propelling the high market growth of VPN in the region.
• North America
o U.S.
o Canada
o Mexico
• Europe
o U.K.
o Germany
o France
o Rest of Europe
• Asia Pacific
o China
o Japan
o India
o Rest of Asia Pacific
Buy Report: https://www.prominentmarketresearch.com/checkout/475
About Prominent Market Research:
At Prominent Market Research, we are committed to provide the best possible service and recommendations to all our customers. You will be able to speak to seasoned analyst who will understand your research needs accurately. We make it our business to look after yours, with an efficient and friendly team always available to help you.
Contact Us:
Robin Hood,
Sale Manager,
sales@prominentmarketresearch.com
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Trump, Putin, Xi and the rise of nostalgic nationalism
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
PARIS/BAGHDAD - The United Arab Emirates will finance a $50.4 million project to rebuild Mosul's Grand al-Nuri Mosque, famous for its eight-century-old leaning minaret, that was blown up by Islamic State militants last year, the United Nations said on Monday.
Reconstruction and restoration of the mosque and al-Hadba minaret will be in partnership with the UN cultural agency UNESCO, Iraq's culture ministry and the International Centre for the Study of the Preservation and Restoration of Cultural Property (ICCROM), Dubai's media office said in a Twitter post.
Islamic State demolished the Grand al-Nuri Mosque, which dated to the 12th century, in the final weeks of the US-backed Iraqi campaign that ousted the jihadists from Mosul, their de facto capital in Iraq, last July.
The protracted and fierce urban warfare largely reduced the historic landmarks of Iraq's second city to rubble.
Paris-based UNESCO said the project would take at least five years, with the first 12 months focused on clearing districts of debris. Other sites including historic gardens will be rebuilt and the plan includes the building of a memorial and museum.
Mosul needs at least $2 billion of reconstruction aid, which would unblock streets and rebuild destroyed homes among other things, according to Iraqi government estimates. About 700,000 of Mosul's population, estimated at 2 million before Islamic State seized the city in 2014, is displaced.
It was from the mediaeval mosque in mid-2014 that Islamic State's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi declared a self-styled "caliphate" spanning parts of Syria and Iraq that the jihadists had overrun in a shock offensive.
The mosque was named after Nuruddin al Zanki, a noble who fought the early crusaders from a fiefdom that covered territory in modern-day Turkey, Syria and Iraq. It was built in 1172-73, shortly before his death, and housed an Islamic school.
By the time renowned mediaeval traveller and scholar Ibn Battuta visited two centuries later, the minaret was leaning. The tilt gave the landmark its popular name - the Hunchback.
The minaret was composed of seven bands of decorative brickwork in complex geometric patterns that have also been found in Iran and Central Asia.
BALCONY PLUNGE: The 18-year-old fell from the fifth floor
A BRITISH teenager has survived after plunging from the fifth floor of a Magaluf hotel whilst celebrating England's World Cup win over Colombia.
The 18-year-old was taken to hospital after falling from the Flamboyan Caribe hotel where he had been partying with his friends and girlfriend.
A kebab shop worker called an ambulance after finding him lying outside the hotel.
According to reports he was in a “serious but conscious” condition when he was taken to Son Espases Hospital in Mallorca.
It is believed the young England fan fell at around 1.30am, just hours after England beat Colombia on penalties to earn their place in the quarter finals.
Thousands of British holidaymakers poured into bars at the Punta Ballena strip near the hotel to watch the game.
The Guardia Civil have launched an investigation in a bid to rule out foul play.
Two British people have already died in falls in Magaluf this year.
President Mnangagwa yesterday said Zanu-PF National Assembly candidates sitting on the fence will be dismissed from the party if they are not devoted to its principles.
Addressing winning and losing Zanu-PF candidates in Harare, the Zanu-PF First Secretary said the party had democratised its primary elections, a move that saw many people contesting.
As a result, President Mnangagwa said, some of those who won reportedly had sinister motives, which he said would come to naught.
“I get intelligence that some of those who have won those primary elections have two minds,” he said.
“They have joined the Zanu-PF wagon using various tricks, money included, to be elected with a possible view that once elected in Parliament they will come together and move a motion of impeachment. There are two things I would want those among you to know would happen. First you must realise that the constitution provides the basis of impeachment and such basis must be fulfilled before impeachment proceedings begin.
“Secondly our constitution provides an instrument to chuck out from Parliament any member whom we think is not Zanu-PF anymore. Saka iwe nemoyo wako, nengirozi yako, nemudzimu wako ziva paumire.”
President Mnangagwa said those elected should attach “uttermost importance” to the principles of the party and the interest of the masses. “Our people aspire for a decent life, we as the party and its leadership must pledge to help achieve this,” he said.
“To do so we must be willing to serve the people, to be servants of the people, to be loyal to the people and serve them wholeheartedly. I challenge us as the leadership and those elected to always realise that all power belongs to the people. The people will always take it away when they think it is necessary to take it away.”
He added: “The expectation is on us to deliver not only to our party but to the multitudes of our people throughout the country and abroad. Let us commit and pledge to rebuild every facet of our country. We carry the hope of Zimbabwe.”
President Mnangagwa said “empty talk and empty promises” would never take the country forward.
“You have to be consistent, hard workers and tackle issues that affect people the most,” he said.
“We must not draw back from the focus to improve the people's standard of living. Economic development must now take the front seat in our national agenda.
“Politics must now be in the back seat. You as leaders need to be politically reliable, upright and trusted by the people. The days of absentee leaders and Members of Parliament must be a thing of the past.”
He said candidates should be able to explain the party's policies and programmes as outlined in the manifesto. Herald
Critically acclaimed composer Matthias Pintscher, among today's most sought-after young classical music stars, will conduct the West Coast premiere of his newest work, bereshit, at the Music Academy of the West's Hahn Hall on Monday, July 1.
Also featuring Ravel's Le tombeau de Couperin as well as Stravinsky's neoclassical masterpiece Pulcinella, the performance will begin at 8 p.m. Tickets cost $40.
The German-born Pintscher has garnered considerable renown, along with commissions from the likes of the Cleveland Orchestra, Carnegie Hall and the Berlin Philharmonic. Steeped in French Impressionism, his music is heavily influenced by Ravel, Stravinsky and Debussy. The title of his newest work, finished only this year, refers to the opening words of the Torah, translated as “in a beginning.”
Following its world premiere by the St. Paul Chamber Orchestra in May, the St. Paul Pioneer Press described the composition as “gripping” and “hypnotic.” “It's a piece well worth hearing,” Pioneer Press critic Rob Hubbard wrote.
The recipient of last year's Roche Commission, Pintscher has served since 2007 as artistic director of the Heidelberg Atelier of the Heidelberg Spring Festival, now known as the Heidelberg Young Composer's Academy. His composition Chute d'Étoiles: Hommage à Anselm Kiefer for two trumpets and orchestra was premiered at the Luzern Festival in August 2012 by the Cleveland Orchestra. Subsequent performances took place at Severance Hall in Cleveland and at Carnegie Hall in New York. Since 2011 he has curated the musical segment of the Impuls Romantik Festival in Frankfurt.
Also highly regarded as a conductor, Pintscher regularly leads the world's finest orchestras. This past season alone saw him make conducting debuts with the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, the New World Symphony, the Colorado Symphony and the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome. Recent appearances also have included the New York Philharmonic, the Milwaukee Symphony, Mariinsky Theatre Orchestra, Deutsches Symphonie-Orchester Berlin, the Frankfurt and Stuttgart Radio symphony orchestras, and the WDR Symphony Orchestra Cologne. He will become music director of Ensemble Intercontemporain this autumn, and is into his third season as artist-in-association with the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra.
The concert on July 1 is generously supported by Linda and Michael Keston.
The Music Academy of the West's 2013 Summer School and Festival began June 17. Over the course of this year's eight-week season, the Music Academy will present some 200 events, including a new production of Mozart's beloved opera The Magic Flute. Additional highlights will include performances by violinist Midori, pianist Jeremy Denk, baritone Vladimir Chernov and Brooklyn Rider, as well as conducting turns by Larry Rachleff, Leonard Slatkin, James Gaffigan, Nicholas McGegan, Warren Jones and Tito Muñoz. Featuring the academy's exceptionally talented Fellows, together with illustrious guest performers and faculty, the events will be presented at the academy's scenic Miraflores campus and in venues throughout Santa Barbara.
For tickets and information, call 805.969.8787. Free parking is available on the Music Academy campus at 1070 Fairway Road in Santa Barbara. Information is also available online by clicking here.
— Tim Dougherty is the communications manager for the Music Academy of the West.
The global barley market is segmented by type, grade, and application. The Barley Malt product type segment is likely to emerge as the most popular segment within the assessment period. This segment dominated more than 30% share of the global barley market in 2016 and is projected to register a CAGR of 3.5% in terms of value during the forecast period. The Barley Malt segment is expected to witness a substantial growth in revenue share during the period of assessment.
Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2972
Western Europe expected to be the dominant market in terms of value and volume throughout the forecast period
The Western Europe market led the global barley market in 2016 with more than 25% market share. This market is anticipated to reach a market valuation in excess of US$ 8000 Mn by 2026, recording a value CAGR of 3.7% during the forecast period. Besides Western Europe, the North America, Latin America, and the Asia Pacific and Japan barley markets are projected to witness good growth during the period of assessment. Rapid increase in the usage of barley in the food and beverages industry is expected to fuel market growth in these regions.
Within the Latin America region, Argentina is anticipated to be the highest contributor to regional market growth in terms of revenue, registering a value CAGR of 3.1%. The Argentina barley market is estimated to record incremental value of more than US$ 225 Mn between 2016 and 2026. Mexico is also expected to witness significant growth in the coming decade. The Mexico barley market is estimated to represent incremental opportunity in excess of US$ 140 Mn between 2016 and 2026 and register a CAGR of 3.4% in terms of revenue during the forecast period.
Send An Enquiry: http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/2972
Growing awareness regarding the health benefits of barley coupled with an easy availability of grains is anticipated to boost revenue growth of the Mexico barley market. The Brazil barley market is expected to project exponential growth in terms of revenue during the forecast period. This market is estimated to register a value CAGR of 3.6% during the forecast period.
Mergers and collaborations strengthening the framework of the global barley market
Cargill Incorporated offers a broad range of malt products derived from barley. The company has a strong sales network in Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Canada, Germany, Japan, Russia, Spain and the U.S. In 2010, the company formed a joint venture with Grupo Modelo, S.A.B. de C.V., a Mexico-based beer manufacturer, to form InteGrowMalt LLC, to produce malt and barley products. This JV was in line with the company's organic strategy of acquisitions and collaborations to enhance its product offerings. GrainCorp, a leading food ingredients and agribusiness company with presence in over 30 countries globally, offers a wide range of malt products derived from barley and wheat. The company has malt production facilities in Australia, Canada, the U.S., the U.K. and Germany. In 2011, the company acquired German Malt GmbH and Co., a Germany-based company, with an objective to expand its malt business in Europe. The company focusses on establishing new production facilities to cater to an increasing demand from the global market. In 2015, Malteurop Group, another leading global barley malt manufacturer with presence in more than 14 countries across Europe, North America, Oceania, and Asia announced plans to upgrade its production facility in Geelong, Australia to cater to an increasing demand for malt in the Asia Pacific market.
Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/barley-market
“The global barley market is shifting rapidly. A high usage of barley in alcoholic products is likely to boost revenue growth of the barley market in the Latin America region. However, in the developed regions, usage of barley will be predominantly witnessed in the animal feed industry.” — Analyst – Food and Beverages, Future Market Insights”
About Us
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: http://www.mrrse.com/
Future Market Insights' newly published market report, “Natural Cinnamic Aldehyde Market: Global Industry Analysis and Forecast, 2018-2028” examines the natural cinnamic aldehyde market and offers crucial market insights for the next 10 years. According to the report, the flavoring agent application segment of the natural cinnamic aldehyde market is expected to dominate the market, accounting for around 76.2% share of the overall market value by 2028 end while registering a CAGR of 3.1% during the forecast period (2018 – 2028). The estimated value of the global natural cinnamic aldehyde market in 2018 is expected to be US$ 927.6 Mn and the market is projected to reach US$ 1,327.4 Mn by the end of 2028.
Global Natural Cinnamic Aldehyde Market: Dynamics
The global natural cinnamic aldehyde market is estimated to be driven by growing demand from the rapidly growing food & beverages and perfume industries. Also, progress pertaining to increase in demand for food additives among customers is expected to result in demand rise in the natural cinnamic aldehyde market. Major players involved in the natural cinnamic aldehyde market are channelizing efforts to inculcate advanced process developments and strengthen their production infrastructure to make the available products more pure. This will encourage sales volume growth of natural cinnamic aldehyde across regions. Moreover, emphasis on mergers and acquisitions in the perfume and food & beverages industries is also expected to gain momentum during the forecast period, thereby further pushing revenue growth of the global natural cinnamic aldehyde market.
People across the world are becoming more heath conscious and choosing healthy diets to maintain their healthy lifestyle. Cinnamic aldehyde has powerful medicinal properties — it has anti-inflammatory properties, it lowers the blood sugar levels and helps in treating neurodegenerative diseases. Various research publications and strategically sponsored advertisements by prominent market players and institutions have immensely influenced people to include cinnamic aldehyde in their diet.
A sample of this report is available upon request @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6979
The global fragrances market was worth US$ 48 Bn in 2016. Many luxury brands have expanded into fragrances as entry points for customers. Fragrances are often more affordable than luxury goods, such as bags or shoes, allowing these brands to tap into middle- and lower-income consumer segments. Almost, in all perfume production facilities, cinnamic aldehyde is utilised for its sweet and natural scent.
Global Natural Cinnamic Aldehyde Market: Forecast
On the basis of application, the flavouring agent segment is expected to witness the highest growth in terms of volume during the forecast period. As per the forecast, the flavouring agent segment is estimated to account for more than 3.9% share in the overall market value by the end of the forecast period. This is largely due to the massive applications of natural cinnamic aldehyde in various food products.
On the basis of region, North America is anticipated to dominate the global natural cinnamic aldehyde market throughout the forecast period. The region's market is expected to expand at a CAGR of around 3.8% during the forecast period. SEA & Pacific region is anticipated to display relatively higher CAGR during forecast period in the global natural cinnamic aldehyde market. These two regions along with Western Europe are expected to register attractive growth rates in the global natural cinnamic aldehyde market during the forecast period.
Global Natural Cinnamic Aldehyde Market: Competitive Landscape
Some of the players reported in this study on the global Natural Cinnamic Aldehyde market are Robertet SA, WEN International Inc., Fleurchem, Inc., Sunaux International, Graham Chemical Corporation, Indukern F&F, Aurochemicals, Elan Chemical Company Inc., ERNESTO VENTOS SA and Finoric LLC, among others. Industry players, over the recent past, have been channelizing efforts to embrace advanced technology to optimise their performance. Manufacturers have been focussing on strategic acquisitions to rapidly strengthen their business. These factors are expected to positively impact the global Natural Cinnamic Aldehyde market in the near future.
To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-6979
Ezypromos knows that corporate wear can greatly improve the branded identity of a business, and are proud to offer the largest range of promotional corporate wear in the industry. When you buy your promotional corporate wear from Ezypromos, you can feel confident that you have some of the highest quality corporate wear out there.
Why Purchase Corporate Promotional Wear From Ezypromos?
Ezypromos have one of the largest ranges of promotional corporate wear across the whole of the web. You can find a variety of amazing clothing products to be used for promotion on site, including:
– Bathrobes
– Business shirts
– Hoodies
– Footwear
– Jackets
– Ponchos
– Polos
– Singlets
– T-shirts
– Vests
– Workwear
You can take any of these items and personalize them as you see fit, making them more suitable to your business brand.
Why Is Corporate Wear Important?
Corporate wear can be important for a number of reasons. This sort of clothing helps you and the public to identify your staff when you're out of office at an event. You can find wear suited for any occasion at Ezypromos, so whatever you have in mind, you can find something to suit. For example, you may need something more comfortable than what you'd usually wear in the office; perhaps a comfortable promotional item to wear while your business staff takes part in a charity fun run. This way, people will recognise you during your run and you'll find it easier to stick together. Not to mention it's amazing advertising for your business both in person and in photographs!
In some cases, promotional wear can even be used as a gift to the customer, helping to advertise your business and improve customer loyalty. A comfortable polo top with your logo on it could become something that a customer wears regularly, if you design it right.
Custom Corporate Wear
Custom corporate wear is perfect if you need something specific that you just can't find online. You can call Ezypromos to discuss your custom needs and get your order placed right away. Ezypromos can make the design in your head a reality.
If you need more information on what's available from Ezypromos you can get in touch with them using the information below.
Contact:
Rita Zammit
Company: Ezypromos
Address: Suite 52, 63-85 Turner St, Port Melbourne, VIC 3207, Australia
Telephone: 1300 706 966
Email: marketing@brandrepublic.com.au
Website: https://www.ezypromos.com.au/apparel/
China may be eager to sell Waldorf Astoria after seizing control The Chinese government just took control of the Waldorf Astoria — but it doesn't seem to be interested in revamping the lobby or improving the room service. Industry insiders say...
De Blasio overhyped affordable housing protections at Stuy Town: watchdog Mayor de Blasio overhyped the number of affordable apartments City Hall allegedly protected at Stuyvesant Town when it was sold to developers who got $220 million in taxpayer subsidies, according...
Tax curbs on debt deductions may sting some buyout firms As corporate America celebrates one of the biggest-ever cuts to its tax bill, one corner of Wall Street is fretting over the impact the reforms will have on its ability...
Carlyle Group's founders step back for new leaders in shakeup After leading the Carlyle Group for 30 years, David Rubenstein is stepping down from day-to-day management of the private equity powerhouse he co-founded in 1987. But the 68-year old executive...
Blackstone Group's $3B bid for Burkle's Americold gets nixed Ron Burkle has rejected a $3 billion-plus binding offer for his Americold refrigerated warehouse business from Stephen Schwarzman's Blackstone Group, The Post had learned. The Los Angeles billionaire now plans...
Schwarzman, Burkle in billionaire stare-down Steve Schwarzman and Ron Burkle are now in a billionaire stare-down, The Post had learned. Schwarzman's Blackstone Group has made a $3 billion-plus binding offer for Burkle's Americold, but the...
Chemical company prodded by Ackman will split off agriculture division A chemical giant that's under pressure from activist investor Bill Ackman has decided to split itself into two separate companies, The Post has learned. Platform Specialty Products is expected to...
Blackstone nears $4B-plus deal for Ackman's chemical company Buyout king Stephen Schwarzman's Blackstone Group has advanced into the final stages of a $4.25 billion auction for half of a chemical company whose biggest shareholder is Bill Ackman, sources...
Leon Black's Apollo raises the biggest buyout fund ever Billionaire Leon Black's private-equity firm Apollo Global Management has raised a record $23.5 billion for the world's biggest-ever buyout fund, according to a report. The boffo raise eclipses the previous...
Project info
The festive S. Agata is the most important religious festival in the city of Catania in Sicily. It is celebrated in honor of the saint patron of the city, and is one of the most Catholic religious holidays, because of the number of people that involves and attracts.
Every year from 3rd to 6th Febuary come to Catania more than a million faithful.
The young Agata was part of the christian minority and lived in the 3rd century. The roman governor wanted her for himself, but Agata refused.
She was persecuted and martyred by cutting of her breast until she was put to death on Febuary 5th.
According to some chronicles after eruption of the Enta volcano in the 12th century the lava stopped just at the church where the faithful were in prayer for the celebration of the martyrdom of St.Agata.
The photo series portrays the attenders and observer of the procession and festivity by day and night until dawn.
THREE OF THE BEST: NJFM group leader Ian Mackenzie, centre, with Howard Parker, left, and ‘Ellis', right
THERE is no better way to end the year than with a good old sing-song – and nobody appreciates that more than members of Javea U3A's Not Just Folk Music group.
The group – affectionately known as NJFM – celebrated the festive season with its annual Christmas soiree at its regular meeting place, the Inn on the Green.
Orchestrated by group leader Ian Mackenzie and his right-hand man Howard Parker, fellow artistes performed a variety of Christmas songs as well as other popular favourites to a small but enthusiastic audience.
For more details of the Not Just Folk Music group and a host of other U3A activities, visit the website www.u3ajavea.org.
By Festus Ahon, Akpokona Omafuaire & Ochuko Akuopha
ASABA—NIGERIA Union of Journalists, NUJ, Delta State Council, has urged the state government to synergise with security agencies to curb the menace of herdsmen to prevent it from degenerating into a full blown crisis in communities across the state.
The union, in a communiqué at the end of its monthly congress, lamented the incessant harassment and killing of farmers by herdsmen in the state.
The communiqué by the Chairman, Michael Ikeogwu, and Secretary, Churchill Oyowe, “condemned the attitude of some security agents who willfully molest members of NUJ in the course of performing their legitimate duty.
“Both parties should see themselves as partners in progress.
“Congress commended the Delta State Government for taking the bold step in re-awarding failed projects at the Asaba International Airport and the deplorable Maryam Babangida Way in Asaba to a competent contracting firm, Setraco.
“It also thanked the state government for its effort at finding lasting solution to the perennial flood in Asaba through the construction of deep drains and giving priority attention to construction/ rehabilitation of major roads in Asaba capital territory.
“Congress, however, implores the state government to explain the current situation of Delta Line Transport Company since it was concessioned with a view to highlighting how much value has been added to the company.”
St Paul: Zach Parise scored twice and Devan Dubnyk made 30 saves to help the Western Conference-leading Minnesota Wild beat the Detroit Red Wings 6-3 on Sunday.
Charlie Coyle added a goal and an assist, and the Wild scored three power-play goals in four chances. Minnesota lead Chicago by five points and have played two fewer games than the Blackhawks.
Anthony Mantha had a goal and an assist for Detroit, Henrik Zetterberg and Andreas Athanasiou also scored, and Jared Coreau made 23 saves. The Red Wings have lost four straight and have the worst record in the Eastern Conference.
Parise made it 4-2 early in the third off a scramble behind the net. Coreau tried to clear the puck around the boards, but Jason Pominville intercepted it and quickly fed it out front to Parise, who punched it into the open net.
Parise capped the scoring on the power play midway through the third period. Coreau deflected Jared Spurgeon's slap shot behind the net, but Eric Staal knocked it in front of the net and Parise whacked it out of the air for his 13th of the season.
Minnesota struck first on Mikael Granlund's power-play goal with 6:59 remaining in the first period. Mikko Koivu fired a shot from the right face off circle that skidded through traffic. Granlund's tip attempt trickled off the left post, but he got a second chance and poked it in with a two-handed lunge for his 16th goal of the season.
Nino Niederreiter pushed the lead to 2-0 less than 3 minutes later with his team-leading 19th goal, also on the power play. Koivu fed the puck across the front of the crease and Niederreiter buried it into an open net.
Detroit cut the lead to 2-1 at 6:56 of the second period as Anthony Mantha took advantage of a missed defensive assignment to score his 13th of the season. At the end of a long shift for the Wild, Xavier Ouellet found a wide-open Mantha in front of the net, and he tucked the puck between Dubnyk's pads.
Charlie Coyle restored Minnesota's two-goal lead with a breakaway goal at 14:14 of the second. Jason Pominville flung an outlet pass that Coyle corralled as he danced around defenceman Nick Jensen. Coyle then deked twice and fired a wrist shot over Coreau's left shoulder.
— AP
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
On a snowy day last week, in a fancy hotel suite in Manhattan I controlled Kratos in his newest PlayStation adventure. The new God of War is out in a month, yet the public has seen very little of it. The game is a drastic stylistic departure from the previous games in the series, so I figured you all might have some questions. I asked you on Twitter to ask me about the game. I answered a lot of your questions in my video.
A lot of you just wanted to talk about Kratos's beard. Even more of you wanted to talk about Kratos's son Atreus, wording the question “Is he annoying?” about two dozen different ways. He's not annoying. I like the kid. He's a good kid.
Many of you asked about the combat. A lot of you were concerned that it might be too different from other games in the series. Well, it's different.
It's very different.
I absolutely love the combat. It feels hard, heavy, loud, personal, and real. Heck, it feels so real there isn't even a combo meter on the screen anymore.
Advertisement
Kratos' new weapon, the Leviathan Axe, suits his new, thicker physique and old-manny beard. Every swing of the axe is a crunching delight.
I derived extreme pleasure from throwing the axe. You hold the L2 trigger to aim, and then press either attack button (you attack with R1 and R2) to throw the axe. I love the way it flips end over end as it flies. Press the triangle button to summon the axe back to Kratos's hand. It comes flying like Thor's hammer. If the axe's return flight path intersects with the positions of any enemies, it damages them as it flies back. Once I found out you could do that, it sure became the only thing I wanted to do for the rest of the day.
As you'll see if you kindly click “play” on the video, you can add abilities and properties to the axe. One of these is a freeze ability. If the axe hits an enemy, it'll freeze them in place. Now, as long as you don't retrieve the axe, the enemy stays frozen. While you don't have the axe, Kratos can fight with his hands.
Advertisement
I'd say the God of War series has made the transition to an over-the-shoulder camera with tremendous grace. While playing, I was always mindful of where Kratos was, where my son was, where my axe was, and where the enemies were. The action always felt personal and immediate. Blocking with the shield felt good. Shield-bashing felt good. Aiming and commanding my son to fire arrows in a specific direction to distract a bigger enemy made me feel like some sort of smart guy. Locking on is intuitive—click the right analog stick to lock onto the nearest enemy and then flick the right analog stick to change targets.
A game that tests the limits of the player's spatial awareness as acutely as this one needs a quick 180-degree turn move, so of course it has one of those, too (press the down directional button). Of course, since “no camera cuts ever” is one of the developers' promises, doing a quick turn results in a super-fast camera whip. I love it.
I want to talk about this game all day. I want to talk about the excellent title screen. I want to praise its old-timey vintage pulp fantasy fiction tone, and the sleek, tasteful classiness of the opening moments of its narrative. I really want to tell you about the boss I fought. Like, when I was fighting him, I was like, “[Laughing wise guy voice] Wow, who the heck is this guy?” And then, hours later, I was like, “[Brooding philosopher voice] Hmm. Who the heck was that guy?” I'll save this talk, though, because the game is out soon enough, and I don't want to spoil anything for anybody. Also, Sony asked us nicely to not spoil story stuff.
Advertisement
I'm excited to be this excited to play all the way through a game and talk about it with people who have done the same.
God of War is out April 20. I am going to play it in 4K HDR on my PlayStation 4 Pro, in the dark.
You could subscribe to our YouTube channel, by the way! All our videos are on there, just for you!
Iranian Ambassador in Pretoria Mohsen Qomi Movahedi said South Africa enjoys proper situation for exporting Iranian commodities and services.
Qomi Movahedi said the ground is prepared for exporting the Iranian commodities to all African countries including South Africa, Kenya, Tanzania, Algeria, Egypt and Tunisia, IRNA reported.
He added that among the African counties, South Africa enjoys the best markets for exporting Iranian goods and services.
The Iranian diplomat said bitumen, oil, petrochemicals, construction materials, foods, carpets, oil and gas industries as well as the technical and engineering services could be exported to South Africa.
He added that Iran's Port and Maritime Organization also has voiced its willingness to export the Iranian commodities to the South African ports.
Recently, Iran Chamber of Commerce, Industries, Mines and Agriculture's Director General for Arab and African affairs said Iran and South Africa are planning to achieve $2 billion trade exchanges by 2021.
“In spite of strong cultural and political ties and high capacity for cooperation, the two countries' economic and trade level is not desirable,” Shahram Khassi Pour, Iran Chamber of Commerce, Industries, Mines and Agriculture's Director General for Arab and African affairs said, referring to lack of proportionality in the volume of Iran-South Africa trade.
“Expanding commercial and economic Iran-South Africa ties is of major importance for the Islamic Republic of Iran,” he added, referring to South Africa as one of Iran's targets to expand relations in Africa.
South Africa, as one the greatest economic systems of the world and a member of BRICS (an association of five major emerging national economies: Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa), has an important position in Africa's market, Kassi Pour noted.
A bunch of Apple code that prematurely found its way into the hands of the public continues to yield great clues about what to expect from the forthcoming iPhone.
Since it was leaked earlier this month, developers and programmers have been combing through a new version of firmware for Apple's HomePod speaker, looking for secrets it might reveal about the company's new flagship device due out later this year.
The clues include a basic design image pointing to a bezel-less face as well as code that appears to reveal a new feature that would let you unlock the iPhone with your face, dubbed BKFaceDetect.
And the latter could allow for a pretty cool feature in which the iPhone will automatically silence audio notifications if you're looking at the device.
Advertisement
The potential feature - and the underlying code - was shared on Twitter last week by developer Guilherme Rambo.
Apple has long been rumoured to follow Samsung by producing a device with facial recognition technology.
However the company famously refuses to comment on speculation or leaks, and guards its secrets with serious intent.
If Rambo is correct, it would certainly be a nifty feature and a cool way for Apple to use the new facial recognition software.
Apple still hasn't announced a launch date for the highly anticipated 10th anniversary device. But the tech giant usually showcases a new iPhone in September so it shouldn't be long until all is revealed.
Gerald A. DeBoer
After wandering the desert for what seems like days, you come to an oasis. At the oasis, you encounter a stone altar, too heavy to move, a ziggurat of pebbles, and a pitcher of water cemented to the top of the altar. You're incredibly thirsty, but unable to reach the water because the level is too low and you cannot overturn the pitcher because it's stuck in place. How can you quench your thirst?
The above scenario is a version of Aesop's fable The Crow & the Pitcher. An ancient Greek fable which apparently can be solved by raccoons, according to Animal Cognition. This is the Library of Congress' rendition of the Greek fable:
“In a spell of dry weather, when the Birds could find very little to drink, a thirsty Crow found a pitcher with a little water in it. But the pitcher was high and had a narrow neck, and no matter how he tried, the Crow could not reach the water. The poor thing felt as if he must die of thirst. Then an idea came to him. Picking up some small pebbles, he dropped them into the pitcher one by one. With each pebble, the water rose a little higher until at last, it was near enough so he could drink.”
Research completed by a team of researchers from the University of Wyoming and the USDA National Wildlife Research Center built a similar scenario: eight raccoons were put in a room with a pitcher of water and pebbles. Atop the water, the researchers floated a whole bunch of marshmallows. In order to reach the marshmallows, the raccoons would have to figure out how to raise the water level. (FYI: The marshmallows were not Peeps—which plenty of people hate for many reasons.)
After some human tutoring (the researchers placed the pebbles on the rim of the pitcher), four of the eight little furry bandits were able to eat the marshmallows. Two of the raccoons were able to replicate the results in a second trial without the pebbles balanced on the rim. One raccoon had no regard for science and tipped over the pitcher to get the marshmallows.
In later tests, the raccoons were given both larger stones and more massive objects but were unable to get the marshmallows. It's theorized that they didn't understand the fundamentals of the problem itself, but might have just created an association. Pavlov's dog associated a bell with treats, raccoons associated small pebbles with marshmallows.
So now you have every reason to incorporate “if you put enough raccoons in a room, you can get marshmallows,” into your vocabulary. (Interested in some more animal-related puzzles? Try and find this turtle among the lily pads or the snake in this photo.)
[Source: IFL Science]
The Daily News can report that senior secret service operatives who were put on one-year renewable contracts after reaching their retirement age have now been released from the CIO.
Reports also suggest that there are some senior officers whose employment contracts were terminated as well even though they were still to reach retirement age, although this could not be verified at the time of going to print.
“Most of the people were given their letters of termination last week. Those who were affected had, in most cases, reached the age of 55. There were some, however, who had not reached that age but were also affected by the changes,” a high-level source told the Daily News last week.
“Most of those affected had retired and were on yearly contracts... Most of those affected are war veterans and other career agents who were hanging onto their jobs because of the camaraderie that existed between them and their superiors”.
Efforts to get a comment from Vice President Constantino Chiwenga, who is responsible for both the intelligence and defence portfolios, were fruitless. The new CIO director-general, Isaac Moyo, was also not available for comment.
Since assuming office late last year, Mnangagwa's administration has made far-reaching changes in the security services, perhaps to get loyalists in strategic positions while getting rid of those who were sympathetic to his predecessor — ousted former president Robert Mugabe.
In the CIO, Mnangagwa appointed Moyo — the country's former ambassador to South Africa — to head the secretive spy service ahead of Aaron Nhepera whom many thought was a shoo in for the position.
Nhepera was the acting spy chief until December 8 when Moyo was made CIO director-general.
Mnangagwa also rang changes in the Zimbabwe Defence Forces and the Zimbabwe Republic Police where long-serving commissioner-general Augustine Chihuri was retired.
The changes, according to analysts, are meant to strengthen Mnangagwa's hand by getting rid of spies perceived to be loyal to Mugabe and the vanquished Generation 40 (G40) cabal.
G40 had fought a bitter war of attrition against Team Lacoste but could not stand a chance when the military showed its muscle last November by staging a soft coup that targeted its members, including Mugabe.
Several G40 functionaries were arrested on a litany of allegations during the month-long military intervention, while others had to skip the country.
The changes in the security sector are also meant to support Finance and Economic Development minister Patrick Chinamasa's austerity measures that include trimming government expenditure.
Currently, over 70 percent of the national budget is going towards staff costs.
To rein in runaway expenditure, Chinamasa has adopted a policy to retire those who have reached the retirement age.
While the retirement age for civil servants is 65, in the secret service officers can exit the service at 55, if not earlier.
Because of the mistrusts currently obtaining between Mnangagwa's administration and security personnel who were close to Mugabe, the changes do not come as a surprise.
University of Zimbabwe political science lecturer Eldred Masunungure opined recently that after going through a transition of the nature witnessed in Zimbabwe, it was inevitable that such clean-up of State security institutions would follow.
Mnangagwa rode to power with the help of the military after his Team Lacoste faction had been completely overwhelmed by G40.
When it stepped in, the military did not seek assistance from the police or the CIO.
In fact, it clamped down on these two security institutions because they were thought to be loyal to Mugabe and G40.
Masunungure has observed that the Lacoste faction was now cleaning any G40-infested institution, among them the police and the CIO, which is now headed by a Mnangagwa loyalist.
“The CIO was also perceived to be a pillar of the G40 camp. I don't think it will end there but will extend to other departments of government — it was expected that the vanquished faction will pay a heavy price,” said Masunungure.
Other analysts have criticised the shake-up of security services as akin to a cleansing exercise targeting those who supped with the G40 faction.
They argued that security sector reform entails reorienting, retraining officers, changing training curriculums to embrace more rights based and non-adversarial approaches, changing service charters, among other things.
Political analyst, Maxwell Saungweme, argued recently that what is currently obtaining is political factional cleansing and purging of G40-aligned service women and men, adding that the whole exercise does not transform the security sector into a professional outfit but politicises it.
“The idea is to remain with Lacoste aligned and loyal service women and men. These reduce our security service to be political running dogs of the ruling faction than a professional service loyal to country.
“Calling what is happening security sector reform is ignorant and uninformed. Proper reforms are preceded by proper human resources and skills audit of the force, consultation around which model of reforms is ideal and then do the reforms.
“What is happening is just like how G40 ministers were chased around. That was not reform but factional purging,” said Saungweme. Daily News
Los Angeles Lakers' Brook Lopez, left, goes to the basket against Indiana Pacers' Myles Turner during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Indianapolis. Darron Cummings AP Photo
Officials at a Sarasota, Florida, high school are investigating a racist "promposal" sign that went viral. The image reportedly shows a Riverview High School student, identified as 18-year-old Noah Crowley, holding a sign that reads: "If I was black I'd be picking cotton, but I'm white so I'm picking u 4 Proms?"
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
According to WFLA, the acting school principal, Kathy Wilks, sent a message to parents and students Monday to make everyone aware of "the situation."
"It was racial in nature and administration became aware of it last night," Wilks said in her message. "Many who saw the post are understandably upset with its contents as well as the subsequent commentary to the post. Riverview High School absolutely does not condone or support the message conveyed in this post."
The recipient responded with heart-eyed emojis, but students in the community are upset about the contents. “I think it is actually important that this issue occurred on some level,” Riverview senior Anton Kernohan told the Herald-Tribune. “It shows that racism is still alive and well in our society, and it shows that racism is still alive in my generation, and it is something that we as the youth will have to continue to fight against.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The school administration is now investigating the social media post and Wilks said "appropriate action" will be taken. The student who made the "promposal" sign has apologized on social media.
″I want to sincerely apologize if I have offended anyone with the picture going around. That was not my intention. Anyone who knows me or ... knows that that's not how we truly feel,” he said, according to WTSP. “It was a completely [sic] joke and it went too far.
Other students at the school were surprised by the sign, but still offended. "We've known him since freshman year. I never thought he would say something like that,” student Nolan Perez said.
Another student commented that it was a bad joke gone wrong. "I think it was something that he thought was gonna be funny, but its not,” student Erin Williams said.
School officials are working with local and national civic leaders, including the NAACP, to develop a district-wide round table forum to discuss the issue of race.
From: WBAL TV
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Behavioral Rehabilitation Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Acadia Healthcare, Universal Health Services, Magellan Health, Psychiatric Solutions, CRC Health, Aurora Behavioral Health System, Behavioral Health Group, Haven Behavioral Healthcare, Springstone, American Addiction Centers.
The report begins with introducing the global Behavioral Rehabilitation market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Behavioral Rehabilitation report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-behavioral-rehabilitation-market/5889/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Behavioral Rehabilitation Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Inpatient, Residential, Outpatient.
Behavioral Rehabilitation Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Anxiety Disorders, Mood Disorders, Substance Abuse Disorders, Personality Disorders, Attention Deficit Disorders.
Key points in the Behavioral Rehabilitation Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-behavioral-rehabilitation-market/5889/#inquiry
From all of this Behavioral Rehabilitation market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Behavioral Rehabilitation market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Behavioral Rehabilitation distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
SLO High junior and PAC 8 Player of the Year Brooks Lee throws out a runner as his team hosts Oxnard in the first round of the CIF-Southern Section Division 3 baseball playoffs. David Middlecamp 05-18-2018
Gifted singer Doreen Donalee makes a praiseworthy debut with “Ojoro Bobo”.
The afro-pop audio delight is produced by GospelOnDeBeatz, and arrives with a music video directed by Unlimited L.A.
Listen, watch, download, share and enjoy!
http://tooxclusive.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/Doreen-Donalee-Ojoro-Bobo-Prod.-GospelOnDeBeatz.mp3
Doreen Donalee – “Ojoro Bobo”
Watch music video below!
The post VIDEO: Doreen Donalee – “Ojoro Bobo” (Prod by GospelOnDeBeatz) appeared first on tooXclusive.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Alkaline Colloidal Silica Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report AkzoNobel, Grace, Nalco, Fuso Chemical, Nissan Chemical, Evonik, Klebosol(Merck KGaA), Adeka, BIOTEC Machinery and Chemicals, Remet, Nyacol, Chemiewerk Bad K?stritz, Sterling Chemicals, DKIC, Guangdong Well-Silicasol, Qingdao Kido, Yinfeng Silicon, Zhejiang Yuda Chemical, Qingdao Haiyang Chemical, Fuzhou Sanbang Silicon Material, Qingdao FSK Foundry Materials, Qingdao Bangsen Silica Gel Desiccant.
The report begins with introducing the global Alkaline Colloidal Silica market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Alkaline Colloidal Silica report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-alkaline-colloidal-silica-market/5914/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Alkaline Colloidal Silica Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: 20 nm.
Alkaline Colloidal Silica Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Investment casting, Catalysts, Textiles & Fabrics, Refractories, Polishing (Electronic), Paints and Coatings, Others.
Key points in the Alkaline Colloidal Silica Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-alkaline-colloidal-silica-market/5914/#inquiry
From all of this Alkaline Colloidal Silica market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Alkaline Colloidal Silica market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Alkaline Colloidal Silica distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Cooks Global Foods, which owns the master franchise rights for the Esquires Coffee chains outside of New Zealand and Australia, posted a wider net loss and lower revenue in 2016 as it wrote down the value of its Chinese assets.
Sales fell 13.2 per cent to $5.3 million in the year to March 31, 2017, while the net loss grew to $12.2m from $7.9m a year earlier. Most of the revenue decline was due to negative currency conversions from its operations in the UK and Ireland as their currencies dropped post-Brexit, it said, while the wider net loss reflected $4.5m in non-cash writedowns.
Cooks' chairman Keith Jackson said he wants shareholder approval to commit $10m of new equity to the company, and will launch a share purchase plan in early July to "reduce debt, provide capital sufficient to fund future growth and provide the back-office infrastructure necessary to support that growth." The company issued 3.9 million shares in 2016, bringing the total on issue to 416.6 million shares.
The company wrote down the value of its Chinese coffee store operations by $4m ahead of its expected sale into a new joint venture in China, and wrote down the carrying value of the Progressive Processors supply business by $450,000 after it was sold. In exchange for its Chinese assets, which includes 26 stores, Cooks gets 30 per cent of the company which will own the Esquires brand in China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.
Advertisement
Revenue from its operations in the UK and Irish markets grew in local currency terms but the gains were erased by falls in the pound and the euro following the Brexit vote last June, Jackson said. After conversions, sales from Britain decreased 13 per cent to $1.5m, compared to a 22 per cent gain in local currency. The company now has 29 stores open in the UK, four more than a year earlier. Irish revenue rose 12.5 per cent to $668,000, behind the 15 per cent gain on a local currency basis.
The company also has 25 outlets in the Middle East, four more than in 2016, where it said it continues to face a challenging trading environment as falling oil prices have weighed on disposable incomes, particularly in the UAE. Its combined revenue from the Middle East, South East Asia and Canada dropped 21 percent to $2.5m in the year.
The shares last traded at 6.9 cents, and have declined 23 per cent this year.
A review of alleged sexual harassment at law firm Russell McVeagh will be released to the public this morning.
Dame Margaret Bazley was appointed to lead the external review, looking at incidents which occurred through 2015/16.
Alleged incidents include male employees taking part in sexual acts with female intern students who were part of the summer law-clerk programme. There were accusations of a culture of inappropriate sexual behaviour at the firm.
Media have been invited to Russell McVeagh's Wellington headquarters, where the results will be released at 10am this morning.
Advertisement
Russell McVeagh staff will only be formally briefed on the results after the press conference.
The law firm pledged at the outset to give Bazley full access to any material she needed, as well as any staff who wished to participate.
The review will cover sexual harassment claims over the summer of 2015/16, the firm's responses to those claims, as well as any other claims of improper conduct.
Bazley was asked to consider the overall culture of the firm, as well as the firm's standards, systems, and policies for the management of staff.
Former staff and summer clerks were invited to take part.
When the review was announced in March this year, Russell McVeagh chairman Malcolm Crotty said the women who had been subjected to any form of sexual harassment would want to be assured that the review would be thorough.
Russell McVeagh senior partner Pip Greenwood said they were grateful to Dame Margaret for agreeing to conduct the review.
"We recognise that the incidents of sexual harassment that have occurred at our firm have had a profound effect on the women involved and we are all truly sorry and horrified that they occurred."
At least two staff members from Russell McVeagh left after allegations of sexually inappropriate behaviour towards young, female law-clerk students.
Bazley previously headed the Commission of Inquiry into Police Conduct in 2007, was a member of the Royal Commission on Auckland Governance, and reviewed the Legal Aid system in 2009.
She also reviewed the Wellington Rugby Football Union process and protocols for player recruitment, and the management and monitoring of player behaviour, in 2016.
All six of New Zealand's law schools have cut ties with Russell McVeagh in the wake of a series of accusations that a culture of sexual harassment was rife within the firm.
In the wake of allegations against the law firm being made public, up to 17 formal complaints of a sexual nature were lodged with the Law Society.
Law Society president Kathryn Beck told Newsroom the 17 allegations had been lodged, with at least one believed to be from a former summer intern.
A spokesman told the Herald they could not give out information relating to a particular complaint or say whether or not they had received any.
"The legislation sets certain parameters and we're obliged to work within that,'' he said.
"That related specifically to confirming whether or not particular complaints have been received.''
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of his party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. He said Buhari and his APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit him in London. General Overseer o...
The 16-year-old girl who suffered severe burns Tuesday afternoon during an Orcutt house fire has been transported to the burn unit of a Los Angeles hospital, where she remained in “critical guarded” condition Wednesday.
Jazzmin Landey, who suffered burns on 90 percent of her body, was moved late Tuesday from Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital to LAC+USC Medical Center, said Rosa Saca, a hospital spokeswoman.
Santa Barbara County Fire Department investigators on Wednesday continued working to determine the cause of the blaze, which began at 3:45 p.m. Tuesday at a residence on the 4500 block of Edenbury Drive in the Foxenwood neighborhood.
Fire Capt. Paul Christensen told Noozhawk that crews first on scene found Jazzmin on the lawn in front of the two-story residence, which was “well-involved” in fire.
Landey was transported via CALSTAR to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital with critical injuries.
A man and three boys — ages 6, 8 and 10 — were able to escape uninjured from the blaze through a bedroom window after they were alerted by a smoke detector, Christensen said.
The man was about to re-enter the home to rescue the girl when he saw the teen emerge from a second-story window and onto the roof, where she then jumped to the lawn, Christensen said.
Firefighters contained the blaze within 20 minutes of arrival, although crews and investigators remained on the scene well into Tuesday night.
The blaze caused extensive damage to the home. Investigators have not offered any information on a possible cause or where it might have originated.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Primarily driven by increasing instances of fractures due to road accidents and sports related injuries, the global market for orthopedic trauma devices is anticipated to expand at a promising CAGR of 6.8% over the next decade. By the end of 2028, the orthopedic trauma devices market is estimated to attain the global revenues beyond US$ 14 Bn. As per the research presented in a recently published report by Future Market Insights, titled “Orthopedic Trauma Devices Market: Global Industry Analysis 2013 – 2017 and Opportunity Assessment, 2018 – 2028,” the market will also continue to be driven by impactful presence of some of the local players within respective regional markets.
“While the advent of 3D printing technology is likely to present the market a heap of new growth opportunities in 3D printed orthopedic implants, another significant opportunities lies in the popularly trending reverse shoulder arthroplasty. The rise of digital orthopedics will continue to fuel market growth through to 2028,” states a research analyst at Future Market Insights.
Based on the regional analysis, the global orthopedic trauma devices market will continue to witness dominance of North America, which currently accounts for a major portion of the total revenues. With around 48% value share observed in 2017, North America's orthopedic trauma devices market is estimated to attain a value in excess of US$ 6 Bn by the end of 2028. Western Europe is also identified to be a key market, holding the second largest position in terms of value. Manufacturers will however discover attractive opportunities in developing economies, including Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East and Africa. Among the emerging regional markets, Asia Pacific excluding China and Japan (APECJ) is likely to emerge at a relatively higher pace, followed by MEA. China is expected to be the most lucrative market owing to the highest estimated CAGR value over 2018-2028. Strong presence of key companies will reportedly uplift the markets in North America and China.
A majority of the key companies operating in the global orthopedic trauma market are opting for strategic mergers and acquisitions, in addition to new product launches. According to the report, most of the revenue is contributed by the tier 1 companies, followed by the tier 3 players. The tier 1 includes DePuy Synthes Inc., Stryker Corporation, Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc., and Smith & Nephew Plc., which collectively represent nearly 70% share of the total market revenues. Among these, DePuy and Stryker will continue to remain the top players worldwide over the next decade. Tier 3 accounts for a relatively decent revenue share and includes brands such as Arthrex, Inc., RTISurgical, Medartis, Integra LifeSciences Corporation, Japan MDM, S. H. Pitkar Orthotools Pvt Ltd, Weigao Group Co Ltd, and Invibio Ltd.
Read more Information @https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/orthopedic-trauma-devices-market-expected-to-account-for-us-14-bn-by-2028-682064521.html
Others operating in the global orthopedic trauma devices market include Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc., Wright Medical Group NV, B. Braun Melsungen AG, Orthofix International, and OsteoMed. Growing outpatient surgical procedure demand and boosting funds for delivery of the top-notch trauma care are foreseen to collectively create a lucrative pool of opportunities for the leading bunch of companies in the global marketplace. The market is also witnessing the development of novel and effective products for use in trauma care, which stands to be another important opportunity.
Win A Trip To Las Vegas During The FightEnter now for your chance to be a part of the fanfare in Las Vegas!
Corona Light Find Your BeachCorona Light wants to help you FIND YOUR BEACH!
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida.
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan? No problem! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry.
WQAM (AM) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM (AM) (the “Station”), these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station. These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors.
Get CBSLocal iPad App For FreeCBSLocal is CBSMiami's new iPad app: Updated 24/7 with news, sports, weather, traffic & more.
Cruel bully or modern-day Wyatt Earp? Sheriff's mixed legacy
hello
FILE - In this Feb. 4, 2009, file photo, Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, left, orders approximately 200 convicted illegal immigrants handcuffed together and moved into a separate area of Tent City, for incarceration until their sentences are served and they are deported to their home countries, in Phoenix. Arpaio has left office with a mixed legacy on immigration, jails and other key issues. Critics accused him of being a publicity-driven bully who treated powerless people harshly because it was popular with voters. His supporters counter that heâs a standup guy who did what the public wanted and was the only local police official in Arizona to move against illegal immigration. Associated Press
FILE - In this Dec. 15, 2016, file photo, Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio listens to a video presentation of the findings from a five-year investigation into the authenticity of President Barack Obama's birth certificate during a news conference in Phoenix. Arpaio has left office with a mixed legacy on immigration, jails and other key issues. Critics accused him of being a publicity-driven bully who treated powerless people harshly because it was popular with voters. His supporters counter that heâs a standup guy who did what the public wanted and was the only local police official in Arizona to move against illegal immigration. Associated Press
PHOENIX -- Critics have accused metro Phoenix Sheriff Joe Arpaio of being a publicity-driven bully who treated powerless people harshly because it was popular with voters.
His supporters counter that he's a standup guy who did what the public wanted and was the only local police official in Arizona to move against illegal immigration.
Sunday marked the end of Arpaio's 24-year tenure as the top law enforcer in the region.
Along with the immigration crackdowns, his legacy includes housing jail inmates in tents, dressing them in pink underwear and making them work on chain gangs - tactics that kept him popular among voters who believed jail wasn't supposed to be easy on criminals.
Now, Arpaio is leaving office after being charged with a crime himself - misdemeanor contempt-of-court for prolonging his immigration patrols against the orders of a federal judge.
The 84-year-old Arpaio has acknowledged the contempt violation but says it wasn't intentional.
___
Follow Jacques Billeaud at twitter.com/jacquesbilleaud. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/jacques-billeaud.
BERLIN (AP) — Budget airline Ryanair says it is taking an initial 24.9 percent stake in an Austrian-based airline being set up by former Formula 1 driver Niki Lauda.
It plans to raise its holding to 75 percent.
LaudaMotion is the successor to Niki, long a subsidiary of bankrupt Air Berlin, which Lauda bought back after it fell victim to its parent's financial woes. It plans to operate scheduled and charter flights from Germany, Austria and Switzerland to largely Mediterranean destinations.
Ryanair said Tuesday that it plans to increase its stake to 75 percent "as soon as possible," subject to European Union approval.
Advertisement
It said that the total stake will cost it less than 50 million euros ($61.5 million), but it will invest another 50 million euros in startup and initial operating costs.
Donna Jean Books is offering the best and most straightforward way to download free books pdf fro, a single resource.
One way or the other, it is rather challenging to argue with the fact that we all live in a technologically advanced society. People these days are constantly using all sorts of technological advancements, which are significantly easing up their day-to-day living. Hence, it is no wonder that conventional books and paper in general is becoming extinct. Why bother when you can fit more than a thousand books in a single electronic reader? It is just so much more convenient indeed.
With that said, if you are a proud owner of an electronic reader, odds are, you are going to be off looking for the best format, which will not let you down. PDF happens to be the most adaptive as well as genuinely flexible format, which was designed specifically to satisfy just about any reader's needs and requirements indeed. And, of course, if you are interested in finding the best source of free books pdf, it would be highly advisable for you to learn much more about the amazing Dona Jean Books at the earliest opportunity. That is right – regardless of what kind of books you may be off looking for – the given resource will allow you to really make the most from your needs and your requirements and will get you the books on all topics possible in no time at all. Finding the best ebooks pdf will not be all that challenging and you will definitely be able to make the most from your download as well. The website is very easy to navigate through and is filled up with all kinds of content for all of the most refined minds and readers indeed.
Unlike many other similar web resources, Donna Jean Books is there to deliver the ultimate PDF book reading experience that will not let you down and will allow you to read all the greatest books in the best format possible at no cost – what more could you possibly wish for?
About Donna Jean Books:
Donna Jean Books is designed to provide the readers with a one of a kind opportunity to download all the books they like and need within the very least amount of time possible. The online resource is featuring plenty of different books on all kinds of topics and you can take a look at all the available literature on your own as well.
Contact:
Company Name: Donna Jean Books
E-mail: donnajeanbooks@gmail.com
Contact Person: Donna Jean
Full Address: 4736 Poplar Lane, Miami, FL 33127, United States
Phone #: 802-450-5891
Website: http://donnajeanbooks.com
Plateau United manager, Kennedy Boboye has said his side have shifted focus to the Caf Confederation Cup after exiting from the Caf Champions League at the hands of Tunisian side, Etoile du Sahel.
The Jos team pipped the north African side 1-0 in the reverse fixture clash of the Caf Champions League first round tie on Sunday at the side's temporary ground, Sani Abacha Stadium in Kano.
The result proved inadequate to see the Tin City side progress to the lucrative group stages of the competition, falling 2-4 to the Tunisian side in Sousse, thereby losing out on 3-4 aggregate.
The Nigerian champions have now dropped to Africa's second tier club competition, the Caf Confederation Cup playoff stage.
Boboye said his side gave the campaign their very best as first timers and inexperienced in the continent's top club competition, but felt unlucky not to have made it to the group stage.
“Plateau United are young team and I guess first timers in the Caf Champions League compared with their opponents, Etoile du Sahel.
“They tried their best but could not progress to the group stage, I give the players kudos.
“Now we are going to compete in the Confederation Cup and I know that our experiences in the matches we played in the Champions League will help us greatly in the Confederation Cup”.
“We have shifted our focus to the Confederation Cup as well as the league as we still want to excel in those competitions.
“We have three outstanding matches to play against Go Round FC, Yobe Desert Stars and Kwara United.
“We must work hard to get something from those matches to help improve on our standing on the league log.
“A side that aspires for the summit cannot afford to drop points irrespective of where the match is played,” said the former Sunshine Stars and Abia Warriors coach to supersport.com.
Other Nigerian campaigners MFM FC, Akwa United and Enyimba are competing in Africa's second tier club competition.
NEW YORK (AP) — Major U.S. stock indexes gave up an early gain Tuesday, but smaller and more domestically-focused companies are rising. Investors are applauding strong first-quarter results from companies including heavy machinery maker Caterpillar and appliance maker Whirlpool. Bond yields continue to rise and the 10-year Treasury note reached 3 percent for the first time in more than four years. Alphabet, Google's parent company, slid after it reported greater revenue but also an increase in spending.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 index lost 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,667 as of 11:25 a.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 36 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,412. The Nasdaq composite dropped 49 points, or 0.7 percent, to 7,079.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks rose 6 points, or 0.4 percent, to 1,568. American consumers got more confident in the economy in April, according to a survey by the Conference Board. Its consumer confidence index is near 18-year highs. Meanwhile the Commerce Department said sales of new home jumped in March.
Among smaller banks, Simmons First National rose 3.8 percent to $30.05 and Banner gained 4.4 percent to $58.26. In the technology industry, electronics manufacturer Sanmina-ICU jumped 20.2 percent to $33.30.
Advertisement
MACHINE POWER: Caterpillar said the strong global economy helped its sales of construction and energy industry machinery and it raised its forecasts for the year. It also said prices rose and its stock jumped 2.5 percent to $157.87. Appliance maker Whirlpool also surpassed expectations and rose 5.9 percent to $159.17. Aircraft maker United Technologies rallied 1.1 percent to $124.82 after its report and competitor Boeing gained 0.4 percent to $340.32. Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies picked up 3 percent to $90.64.
MISPRINT: Alphabet slid 4.6 percent to $1,024.89 after the company said ad revenue climbed, but expenses also rose. Google's parent company benefited from strong digital ad sales as well as an accounting change.
Scientific equipment maker Waters said sales to industrial customers decreased, and analysts were also disappointed with its sales to the pharmaceutical industry. The stock plunged 8.3 percent to $192.27. 3M, which makes Post-it notes and industrial coatings and ceramics, shed 6.9 percent to $201 after it cut its annual forecast.
BONDS: Bond prices kept slipping. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.99 percent and peaked at 3 percent. It finished at 2.98 percent on Monday and stood at 2.43 percent at the beginning of the year.
The yield on the 10-year note is a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages, and it's been climbing because investors expect greater economic growth and faster inflation. It hadn't reached 3 percent since early January of 2014.
Since the global financial crisis in 2008-09, a combination of low inflation expectations and a bond-buying program by the Federal Reserve have helped keep bond yields low, but they have climbed this year as inflation has picked up.
SHIRE'S WILD RIDE: Drugmaker Shire rallied again as the company said it is considering a new offer from Japanese rival Takeda. Bloomberg News reported that the companies are close to a deal and the shares rose 2.9 percent to $164.69.
Shire has rallied in the wake of Takeda's earlier offers, which Shire said weren't good enough. Shire briefly made big gains last week after Botox maker Allergan said it was considering making its own bid, but the stock dipped again after Allergan decided not to make an offer.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 109.14 yen from 108.65 yen. The euro rose to $1.2216 from $1.2205.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil gained 3 cents to $68.67 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 0 cents to $74.91 per barrel in London.
OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX lost 0.4 percent while the French CAC 40 dipped 0.3 percent. Britain's FTSE 100 rose 0.2 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.9 percent, helped by the weaker yen. The Kospi in South Korea lost 0.4 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 1.4 percent.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Abu Dhabi: The Abu Dhabi Swimming Festival, sponsored by Daman's ActiveLife, returns on March 11 and for the first time it will take place in conjunction with the Abu Dhabi leg of the FINA 10km Marathon Swimming World Cup.
The open-water, mass-participation event will be held at the Emirates Palace Bay for the fourth time and will see swimmers take to the water in the morning, before professional athletes from around the globe compete in the second event of the 2017 FINA 10km Marathon Swimming World Cup Series.
The event offers a choice of disciplines for individuals, families, teams and clubs from the age of eight-plus. With the Abu Dhabi Mile and Half Mile distances, the Junior Splash Dash races of 100 metres, 300 metres and 500 metres, and the Parent & Child or Adult Relays, the event offers something for all swimming abilities, organisers say. Once the amateur races are over, participants will be able to relax on the exclusive Emirates Palace Bay beach where there will be a variety of activities and food stalls on offer, while they watch the professional swimmers compete in the tough marathon distance.
Aref Hamad Al Awani, General Secretary of Abu Dhabi Sports Council (ADSC), said: “The Abu Dhabi Swimming Festival is a very important event for us, as it encourages all segments of the community in Abu Dhabi to practice swimming. We at ADSC are keen to strengthen our partnerships with all bodies that organise events aiming to encourage everyone to practice sporting activities and lead healthy lifestyles.”
Almost 1,000 swimmers took part in last year's hugely successful Abu Dhabi Swimming Festival by Daman's ActiveLife and the 2017 ambassador, 2016 Olympic gold medallist in the women's 100-metre butterfly, Sarah Sjostrom, said she hopes this year's event can attract even more competitors. “I am thrilled to be the international ambassador for this established mass participation swimming event. It is great to see people of all ages in Abu Dhabi being encouraged to take part in a sport that I love and I hope we will see over 1,000 people at Emirates Palace on March 11.”
Abdullah Al Wahaibi, Vice-President of the UAE Swimming Federation, added: “We are delighted to bring the FINA 10km Marathon Swimming World Cup event to the Emirates Palace Bay this year alongside the reputable Abu Dhabi Swimming Festival. It is a spectacular venue and will provide a new challenge to the athletes returning to Abu Dhabi.”
For information on how to enter Abu Dhabi Swimming Festival by Daman's ActiveLife, visit www.swimabudhabi.com or go to Facebook or Twitter using #swimAD.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Automotive Leaf Springs Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Jamna Auto Industries, Rassini, Hendrickson, Olgun Celik, Dongfeng Motor, Sogefi, Sogefi, IFC Composite, Fangda, Fawer, RSA, Shuaichao, Eaton Detroit Spring, Chongqing Hongqi, Hubei Shenfeng, NHK Spring, Leopord, Mitsubishi Steel, Shuangli Banhuang, Standens, Owen Springs, Hayward, Hunan Yitong, Anhui Anhuang, Shandong Fangcheng, Zhengzhou Xinjiaotong, Jiangxi Automobile Leaf Spring, Eagle Suspensions.
The Automotive Leaf Springs Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Automotive Leaf Springs industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-leaf-springs-market/10157/#requestforsample
The Automotive Leaf Springs Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Automotive Leaf Springs Market Products Type Segmentation : Mono Leaf Springs, Multi Leaf Springs.
Automotive Leaf Springs Market Applications Segmentation : Passenger Cars, Light Duty Vehicles, Medium & Heavy Duty Vehicles.
Key Highlights of the Automotive Leaf Springs Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-leaf-springs-market/10157/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Automotive Leaf Springs market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Let's talk today of Abi Harding, erstwhile saxophone player with Liverpool indie triers the Zutons. The Zutons were a decent band, if sometimes a bit plodding, but they were elevated by frequent Harding-led forays off into “brassland”.
Their best moments always had her parping undercurrent dragging them along and it presumably never hurt their cause that she was steal-your-eyes gorgeous.
When the Zutons lined up on stage, she was always front and centre, next to band leader and vocalist Dave McCabe. In another band, she might have been shoved to the back of the stage and maybe brought out for the odd solo. But the Zutons knew that without her, they were just another lumpen gang of grizzly-faced Talking Heads fans whose ceiling was most likely the backing track for a car ad somewhere.
They came to Dublin around 2004 to play in the Ambassador. The merits or otherwise of that gig have long since drained from the memory bank, but the one thing from that night that has always stayed with me is the fact that you were offered a refund as soon as you walked into the building.
Harding hadn't made the trip because of illness and the band or the promoter or whoever decides these things had put posters up everywhere saying that if you wanted your money back, you could have it there and then. We spent a lot of that gig trying to come up with another band who would offer a full refund for the sax player not being on stage.
I always had a soft spot for the Zutons after that. Maybe it was just so out of kilter with the grasping mood of the times, but the whole idea of selling a show and then offering a refund because one of the stars didn't make it on stage seemed wildly unusual and yet completely logical at the same time. It could never catch on.
ADVERTISEMENT
Star men
The Zutons sprang to mind over the past week while watching a couple of the depressingly one-sided Pro12 rugby matches. Munster ran up a bonus-point win over a Leinster team that wasn't allowed to play its best side on St Stephen's Day.
Leinster reintroduced their heavy gang for the game against Ulster on Saturday but this time it was the Northerners who were down their star men, and the result was every bit as predictable. Thomond Park and the RDS were packed to the gills both times.
So here's the thing. Everyone knows these games have been decimated in recent years because of the player welfare system that keeps front-line players in cotton wool to help the Ireland team. And while you wouldn't say that everyone accepts it, it's fair to say there's a creeping acquiescence to it. Certainly there's rarely anybody crying about the player welfare system in the middle of the Six Nations. Fine.
However, given that it's an accepted fact that these games will take place without front-line players from one side or another, why is it okay for them to be sold every year as if we were about to see a galaxy of stars paraded? Presumably Leo Cullen knew from a fair distance out that he wasn't going to be bringing Jamie Heaslip and the boys to Limerick last week, so should this information not be available to the paying public as well?
Same with Les Kiss and his use – or non-use – of Rory Best, Paddy Jackson and Iain Henderson on Saturday. It's not as if Ulster were told on Friday morning just before they named their team that Best, Jackson and Henderson wouldn't be available.
So why are clubs allowed to sell tickets to these games without laying out exactly who won't be on show? Shouldn't there be disclaimers, at the very least?
Biggest crowd
Thomond Park sold out on St Stephen's Day for the biggest crowd in Pro12 history. Munster put up the “sold out” signs on December 19th, seven days ahead of kick-off.
Even in the week running up to the game, the Munster Twitter feed was hyping it up with pictures of Garry Ringrose, Jamie Heaslip, Seán O'Brien and Dominic Ryan. Of those, only Ryan saw gametime, the last 16 minutes off the bench. It's not credible that everyone who bought a ticket knew Leinster would be bringing a scratch side.
The RDS was sold out two days in advance of the Leinster v Ulster game. The Ulster team was named the next day. Caveat emptor and all that, but is it really fair or reasonable that buyers should beware the intricate internal rules of Irish rugby?
These stadiums don't sell out every week, so there were obviously a fair amount of day-trippers there both days. Why not tell them in advance that they won't be seeing what they might imagine they will?
Why not have the equivalent of GAA star games, wherein it is designated at the start of the season which club league games will be played without intercounty players? That way, people know ahead of time and can make up their own minds.
Or how about an Abi Harding-style refund? How about you get to the ground and see that half the people you came to watch haven't made the trip and so you queue up at the ticket office and get your money back? Why would that be so unusual?
Too logical, maybe.
View 1 more event available today1 more event available today
Choose from our full range of coverage
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stan Collymore might be football's equivalent to Marmite - but there is no doubting his passion.
Especially when you combine two of his favourite things - football and Cannock.
The former Aston Villa striker was captured on the terraces at the World Cup as England took on Colombia for a place in the quarter-finals.
Like everyone else, Stan was swept up in the emotion as England progressed to the next round.
The video above shows Stan wildly celebrating after Harry Kane's penalty early in the game.
He clings proudly to his fellow supporters - and that Cannock flag!
You can take the boy out of the 'nock'.
A painful one to take
Aston Villa supporters have expressed their collective disappointment after witnessing Sam Johnstone make the move to West Midlands rivals West Bromwich Albion.
Johnstone has signed a four-year contract at The Hawthorns, moving permanently from Manchester United for a fee in the region of £6m having spent the last 18 months at Villa Park on loan.
Johnstone, 25, played a significant role in between the sticks as Villa reached the play-off final - he kept 22 league clean sheets last term.
It's pained many a Villan, then, that the keeper has pitched up down the road.
Villa have been unable to do any business so far this summer having been crippled by financial problems - missing out on Johnstone, then, was inevitable.
Here is what the fanbase is saying.
Five-Star Footy: Gutted I'm a villa fan. He was amazing last season. Lucky club! #wba. #avfc. He's mint!
Adam Waters: He wanted to stay with us but knew that we couldn't sign him so he had to sign for a club near us so he can come to watch us.. he'll get booed now he's signed for wba
Jordan Treveil: Pathetic from Sam Johnstone. No ambition
Keith : Johnstone gone to Albion. Just the beginning of many wretched things to come over the next few months.
Laura Mosedale: Gutted villa couldn't sign Sam Johnstone permanently. Definitely one the best GK villa have had in ages. This is going to be one tough season
James Tyler: This hurts... @Dr_TonyXia whatever needs doing to fix this faster, do it. For the love of the club just do it.
Matthew Sabin: Gutted about @samjohnstone50 joining the baggies, they've gone and got themselves a truly great young keeper! Wish him all the best apart from the 2 games against us!
Danny Smith: Sad state of affairs when we can't compete with other championship sides
Gareth Marsh: Can't understand all the fuss being made over Sam Johnstone. We knew we wouldn't sign him when he said his goodbyes after losing the play-off final and that was before the mess we now find ourselves in
James Crosby: Gutted we couldn't sign him to due our crazy financial mismanagement. Bargain price and will get England caps for sure.
Jonny Gilkes: Unbelievable that we've spent 2 seasons developing SJ only to watch him join the baggies in the Championship. Really hopeful that the T/O rumours are true. TX has gone from hero to zero and there's clearly no coming back
What Albion are saying about Sam
Darren Moore has hailed Sam Johnstone as "the shape of things to come" after snaffling him from under the noses of rivals Aston Villa.
Johnstone is the first signing of Moore's reign and the Baggies boss is delighted to land the goalkeeper from Manchester United.
The 25-year-old has agreed a four-year deal at The Hawthorns, having spent the last 18 months on loan at Villa in the Championship.
It is understood the fee is in the region of £6 million.
"Sam is young and determined to be the best keeper he can possibly be - he's hungry to do that with us at Albion," said Moore.
"We've had him targeted from the outset and we're all delighted to have him on board.
"He buys into exactly what we are trying to achieve and will hopefully represent the shape of things to come."
WHAT JOHNSTONE SAYS
"I'm happy to be here. I've spoken to a lot of people about the club and heard nothing but good things.
"It's good to get through the door. I've played Championship games and won a promotion from League One with Preston but always seemed to end back at Manchester United or going somewhere else.
"Now it's time to settle down and take my game up to the next level which I believe I can do here."
On the move
Andi Weimann has joined Bristol City.
The 26-year-old striker has left Derby County to join the Robins on a three-year deal.
Weimann came through the ranks at Villa to become a first teamer and also had a spell on loan at Wolverhampton Wanderers.
He has been allowed to leave as new Rams boss Frank Lampard continues his summer overhaul at Villa Park.
Former Villa team-mate Darren Bent has also left Derby.
City boss Lee Johnson said: “We are delighted Andreas is joining us and I am excited to work with him.
“He is a really good player with good experience. His work rate is second to none and he is someone who will add knowhow to our group.
“We are bringing him in primarily as a striker, who can also play wide if necessary, and I am confident his attributes will enhance the squad and our team.
“With our system and shape, I believe he can be a goalscorer that can blend in with the other four senior strikers we have on our books.”
Wolves fancy Adama
Wolves are lining up a sensational £18m swoop for explosive Middlesbrough winger Adama Traore.
The former Barcelona and Aston Villa youngster has a clause in his Boro contract that allows him to talk to other clubs when a £18m bid is made.
The Sun reports today that Wolves and Huddersfield are both very keen on signing the 22-year-old Spaniard after he missed out on promotion from the Championship last season.
The report also claims that Boro boss Tony Pulis will be given funds from the sale to boost a stronger push for promotion in the coming season.
Nuno Espirito Santo will already be familiar with Traore, at times in their second game against Boro last season, Traore was a constant torment to the Wolves defence with his gung-ho style and turn of the pace.
He will have made a mental note of that and if the Sun report is to be believed, it has impressed him enough to want that dynamic approach in his own side.
School will be out for the summer, what then for the kids? Patti Blake AP
Germany's Alexander Zverev sprung a surprise in the Rogers Cup final in Montreal as he beat Roger Federer in straight sets.
Twenty-year-old Zverev defeated the Swiss 19-time Grand Slam winner, who turned 36 earlier this week, 6-3 6-4 in an hour and eight minutes — only Federer's third loss in 38 matches this season.
Zverev, the world number eight and fourth seed, grabbed a quick break to go 3-1 up en route to securing the first set.
His first service game of the second then saw Federer earn three break points, but Zverev saved them all and subsequently took advantage of errors from his second-seeded opponent to break for 4-3 before wrapping up the win.
It takes Zverev level with Federer at the top of the ATP titles leaderboard this year with five each.
World number three Federer, who was playing this week for the first time since winning a record eighth Wimbledon, will battle with Rafael Nadal at the Cincinnati Masters next week to replace Andy Murray as world number one.
New Delhi, October 6, 2017: Coming on the back of a stellar quarterly performance – a 40% growth in revenues, 2x traffic and a 66% expansion in its app consumer base vs. last year – India's leading fashion e-tailer, Jabong, is all set for the festive season and expects to see doubling of revenues. Its core consumer base, the more affluent, well-travelled and fashion-forward women and men, continues to be both loyal and growing. Jabong is over-indexed on affluent and educated consumers with Sec A1 penetration in its customer base standing at 2x of the e-commerce industry average. This is the segment of consumer which shops for exclusive styles online and Jabong is their most preferred shopping destination. Catering to the requirement of its shoppers, Jabong has launched five limited edition stores, viz. FESTIVE, FORMAL, PARTY, ETHNIC and BEAUTY on its platform.
“Coming on the back of a 40% YoY growth in the second quarter and an 85% YoY growth in September, we expect a 2x revenue jump this festive season and the highest ever traffic on our platform! Our focus is to provide a complete range of fashion solutions for our core consumer base – the modern women and men who are free spirited and confident of their choices, be it in fashion or otherwise.” says Gunjan Soni, Head of Business, Jabong.
This festive season, Jabong has come up with a triple punch to target its core customer base:
1. A 360-degree nationwide brand campaign “You Are The Festival”. The campaign depicts Jabong's unique and quirky take on fashion, and aptly celebrates its target consumers' individuality with a display of a wide range of fusion wear. The campaign will be aired on all leading TV channels with 10,000 spots in primetime. It will also be supported by print, cinema, CRM, social media and promotions within key cinemas halls.
2. A host of new features on its app to make the shopping easier and the product experience more fun. These include voice search, visual filters, reduced load time, and popularity index amongst others. It also has plans to launch +90 brands in October with a focus on premium international brands.
3. Innovative ways to provide faster deliveries and offer a seamless delivery experience – next day delivery in its key markets, option to cross exchange without having to return the product first, faster refunds etc.
A federal judge today gave lawyers for Michael Cohen, US President Donald Trump's longtime personal lawyer, a little more than two weeks to finish reviewing material seized from his office and residences to determine what is protected by lawyer-client privilege.
The June 15 deadline was set during a hearing in Manhattan that focused on the status of these seized materials and featured sparring between Cohen's lawyers and Michael Avenatti, a lawyer for Stormy Daniels, an adult-film actress to whom Cohen paid US$130,000 after she alleged she had an affair with Trump.
Avenatti had sought to join the case but withdrew his motion after US District Judge Kimba Wood warned that Avenatti would have to end his "publicity tour" if she granted him standing.
Avenatti did not elaborate on his decision in his motion to withdraw, noting that he could refile it "if necessary, at a later time," depending on what happens with Daniels' motion to intervene in the case. That motion has been held pending discussions between Avenatti and federal officials, according to court records.
Advertisement
Avenatti pointed to that motion, rather than the judge's scepticism in explaining why he suddenly withdrew.
"It is no longer necessary in light of the motion to intervene, which may not be necessary, being delayed," Avenatti wrote in an email. "We will refile it when and if the motion is taken up."
Cohen, who attended the hearing but did not speak, is being investigated for possible bank and wire fraud and campaign finance violations as part of a probe looking at his efforts to suppress damaging stories about Trump - such as Daniels' claims of a sexual encounter with him years earlier - just before the 2016 presidential election.
As part of the probe, federal agents seized Cohen's records and documents on April 9, prompting a legal fight over who would get access to the materials and when.
Cohen and Trump both argued that their lawyers should get to review the materials to see what is privileged before investigators get them. Wood appointed Barbara Jones, a former federal judge, as special master to go over the documents before they are turned over to federal prosecutors.
Jones wrote in a filing that after her reviews so far, the US Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York has been given access to more than 292,000 items, and more than 1 million items "not designated privileged or highly personal" were expected to be released today.
Michael Avenatti, lawyer for porn actress Stormy Daniels. leaves Federal Court, in New York. Photo / AP
Lawyers for Cohen and Trump had said many of the seized documents and records could be protected by lawyer-client privilege. Jones noted that so far, only 252 items had been flagged as privileged by lawyers for Trump or Cohen, and she said she expected to make a recommendation about those materials by next Tuesday.
Jones also reported having received additional electronic data over the past two weeks, including "data from a video recorder, two computers, and mobile storage devices" that "includes various video, electronic communications and documents as well as data typically associated with computer usage."
A significant amount of material still needs to be reviewed. In court yesterday, Todd Harrison, a lawyer for Cohen, said his team had received 3.7 million files, about 1.3 million of which had already been turned over to Jones.
Harrison argued against a mid-June deadline, saying that "we are moving heaven and earth" to rapidly complete a privilege review. He said his firm had 17 people evaluating the materials, which came from 13 mobile devices and 19 other digital-media devices.
Michael Cohen and his attorney "should release all of those audio recordings to the American people and to Congress" - Michael Avenatti reveals Cohen has tapes that could relate to Trump: pic.twitter.com/tMJpTMFNS7 — TheBeat w/Ari Melber (@TheBeatWithAri) May 30, 2018
"We have people who are working all night," Harrison said. "We have people who are sleeping on couches."
Wood was not persuaded, dismissing Cohen's concerns and those of a lawyer for the Trump Organisation who argued that a faster pace might degrade the review.
Rachel Maimin, an assistant US Attorney, said her office was still trying to access files from two Blackberry devices, which Cohen believed belonged to his wife nearly a decade ago, and the contents of a shredding machine. This material, she said, would be turned over to Cohen's team as soon as possible.
Wood set the June 15 deadline for lawyers for Cohen, working with lawyers for Trump and his company, to determine what is privileged and turn it over to the special master. Anything not sent to Jones by that date gets handed over instead to a "taint team" of prosecutors who are not part of the investigation into Cohen and would work to determine what is covered by privilege.
Welcome to today's Aston Villa live blog! We will have all of the fallout from the defeat to Cardiff City as well as the latest transfer news.
Steve Bruce is expected to dip into the market before the window closes, while a number of Villa's out of favour stars are looking to secure moves away from Villa Park.
Ross McCormack, Gary Gardner and Tommy Elphick are all expected to leave before the transfer window closes on August 31 and are attracting interest from some of Villa's Championship rivals.
Leandro Bacuna's departure to Reading was confirmed yesterday and the midfielder could even line up against Villa for Reading on Tuesday evening after signing a four-year deal with the Royals.
Stay tuned for all the latest AVFC news...
Iran's president and foreign minister extended their congratulations to their Lebanese counterpart on the 11th anniversary of the country's great victory in the 2006 war waged by Israel.
In his Monday message to Michel Aoun, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said the “valuable victory” once again proved the “invincibility” of the Lebanese people's will in defending their land.
Rouhani added that the victory was achieved through sacrifices and acts of bravery made by resistance fighters and Army forces, in addition to the Lebanese nation's courage and support of the government.
About 1,200 Lebanese, most of them civilians, lost their lives during the 33-day war on Lebanon.
According to the 629-page Winograd Report by the Israeli regime itself, Hezbollah fighters involved in defending Lebanon against the Israeli war defeated the enemy and Tel Aviv was compelled to withdraw without having achieved any of its objectives.
UN Security Council Resolution 1701, which brokered a cease-fire in the 2006 war, called on Israel to respect Lebanon's sovereignty and territorial integrity.
Zarif's messages
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif also on Monday sent separate messages of congratulations to his Lebanese counterpart Gebran Bassil and Secretary General of the Lebanese Hezbollah movement Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah and hailed the glorious victory against the Israeli regime in the war.
In his message to the Lebanese foreign minister, Zarif said the victory was the outcome of the bravery of the heroic Lebanese nation and national unity among all ethnic groups and the leaders of political and popular forces in the country.
It would further boost Lebanon's power in the face of the Israeli regime's excesses and expansionism, he added.
In his message to Nasrallah, the Iranian minister said Hezbollah chief's prudence and the sacrifices and martyrdom-seeking spirit of the Islamic Resistance's fighters as well as resistance of all the Lebanese people resulted in such a great victory against the Israeli regime and its supporters.
This triumph along with other achievements by the Islamic resistance's fighters have further disappointed regional and international supporters of the Tel Aviv regime, he added.
In a speech on Sunday on the anniversary of Israel's defeat in the 33-day military onslaught against Lebanon, Nasrallah said Israel is not able to launch a new war on Lebanon, because it knows that Hezbollah is much more powerful than 2006 and any such war would cost Tel Aviv dearly.
The Hezbollah chief added that the main reason behind the victory of Hezbollah fighters in the war with Israel was their patience, steadfastness, valor and faith.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent, pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for him to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump, who has been at his New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But he will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for his initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which he blamed bigotry on "many sides."
His attorney general, Jeff Sessions, vigorously defended Trump in a nationally televised interview Monday morning, saying that Trump had "clearly" denounced such violence and "he totally opposes" the values of white supremacy organizations.
In an interview that aired on NBC's "Today" show, Sessions also said Trump will be conferring with advisers and that the president would "do what is correct" in connection with the Virginia incident. The attorney general said a more sweeping condemnatory statement released by the White House on Sunday, a day after Trump's remarks, reflected the president's views.
The White House statement came as Trump aides tried to stem the damage. Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows, yet they struggled at times to explain the president's position. The new White House statement explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself.
Vice President Mike Pence, traveling in South America, condemned "these dangerous fringe groups" and said they "have no place in American public life and in the American debate."
Trump said nothing, save for a few retweets. One was about two Virginia state policemen killed in a helicopter crash while monitoring the Charlottesville protests, another about a Justice Department probe into the violence.
In the hours after a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that he condemns "in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
Speaking slowly from his New Jersey golf club while on a 17-day working vacation, Trump added: "It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump. Not Barack Obama. It's been going on for a long, long time."
The White House statement Sunday went further. "The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups." It added: "He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
The White House did not attach a name to the statement. Usually, a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual's responsibility for its truthfulness and often undercuts its significance.
Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said Sunday that he considered the attack to be terrorism. On Saturday, Trump had not responded to reporters' shouted questions about terrorism.
"I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear, it is terrorism," McMaster told ABC's "This Week." ''It meets the definition of terrorism. But what this is, what you see here, is you see someone who is a criminal, who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans."
The president's homeland security adviser, Tom Bossert, defended the president's initial statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent, too. When pressed during a contentious interview on CNN's "State of the Union," he specifically condemned the racist groups.
The president's daughter and White House aide, Ivanka Trump, tweeted Sunday morning: "There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis."
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, said he spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and that he twice told the president "we have to stop this hateful speech, this rhetoric." He said he urged Trump "to come out stronger" against the actions of white supremacists.
Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists. Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo. said on NBC Sunday that "This isn't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines. This is a time to lay blame."
The president did not have any public events on Sunday. White House staff did not share any information on his activities except that he and his staff were monitoring the aftermath of the violence in Virginia.
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee. Counter-protesters massed in opposition.
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations. Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to "fulfill the promises of Donald Trump."
Trump's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer, which wrote: "Trump comments were good. He didn't attack us. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. ... No condemnation at all." The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its "Summer of Hate" edition.
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer, a Democrat, slammed Trump's stance toward hate groups, saying on NBC's "Meet the Press" that he hopes Trump "looks himself in the mirror and thinks very deeply about who he consorted with."
"Old saying: when you dance with the devil, the devil doesn't change, the devil changes you," Signer said.
In Cartagena, Colombia, Pence responded to a reporter's question about the violence in Charlottesville and said, in part: "We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Trump, as a presidential candidate, frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer his condemnation of white supremacists. His strongest denunciation of the movement has not come voluntarily, only when asked, and he occasionally trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during his campaign. His chief strategist, Steve Bannon, once declared that his former news site, Breitbart, was "the platform for the alt-right."
___
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
It achieved distinction in an era of elemental riffs, and journeyed effortlessly to and fro across the Atlantic. It also marked a turning point in the career of the greatest guitarist who ever lived: Jimi Hendrix. FT pop writers Peter Aspden and David Cheal discuss "Wild Thing" 50 years after Hendrix's groundbreaking performance at the Monterey Pop festival.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alfie Evans' dad has claimed his son's life support has been turned off - but the tot has been breathing unassisted for nine hours.
Speaking outside Alder Hey Children's Hospital this morning, Tom Evans said the terminally ill toddler was still fighting against the odds.
He said his son was still breathing and his mum Kate James is lying next to him.
The father said yesterday doctors at Alder Hey were refusing to provide the 23-month-old with oxygen.
However, the situation seems to have changed overnight, according to reports in The Mirror .
Tom said it became obvious he was breathing "within a few minutes" of life-support being withdrawn, although doctors re-intervened after he asked them to help.
Speaking to Good Morning Britain today, Tom said: “Nine hours Alfie has been breathing for, and he's still breathing now.
“It's come to a point where his mum is sleeping next to him, she's actually going to sleep. She feels comfortable with him.”
Tom claimed doctors re-intervened when he sat them down and said the situation was, in his opinion, becoming "unlawful".
He said the tot was then given oxygen and water but urged his son needed "some form of life support in the next couple of hours".
He said: "I sat down with the doctor, it was a lengthy talk for about 40 minutes and he ended up saying that I'm right, and I was right, I've always been right."
"They say Alfie's suffering. Well look at him now. He's not even on a ventilator and he's not suffering."
Asked what intervention doctors had made, he replied: "They left him for six hours without food, water and oxygen.
"I felt blessed when they confirmed they were going to give him his water and his oxygen.
"He's now on oxygen. It's not changing his breathing but it's oxygenating his body."
"He is still working, he's doing as good as he can," Tom added.
(Image: Mirror / Phil Harris)
"But we do need him to be supported...in the next hour it's going to be hard but we will need him to be supported in the next hour or two.
"Because he's been doing it for nine hours totally unexpected, the doctors are gobsmacked and I do believe he will need some form of life support in the next couple of hours and I think he ought to be respected and given that."
Posting on the dedicated Alfies Army Official Facebook page this morning, Alfie's mum Kate wrote: “Alfie has been allowed oxygen and water!!
“How amazing is he... no matter what happens he has already proved these doctors wrong... how beautiful does he look.”
Abrahahaminte Santhathikal - Oru Police Story is one among the highly anticipated ventures of Mammootty and the film will mark the directorial debut of Shaji Padoor, who has had years of experience working as an associate director in Mollywood.
The shoot of the film had commenced early in the month of January 2018. Now, according to the latest reports, the shoot of the film has been completed and the same was announced through the official Facebook page of the movie.
Take a look at the Facebook post regarding the same..
Abrahaminte Santhathikal was shot in various locations in and around Kochi. Nothing much has been revealed about the storyline of the Mammotty starrer, which has been scripted by The Great Father fame Haneef Adeni. Earlier, it was announced that the satellite rights of the film have already been sold. Reportedly, the satellite rights of the film have been bagged by Surya TV.
Mammootty's look from the film has been kept under the wraps and is yet to be revealed officially. The audiences are also eagerly looking forward for the first official poster of this much awaited venture. Ineterstingly, the fan made poster of the film also had gained a lot of attention. Reportedly, Mammootty will be seen essaying a character named Derick Abraham, who is an Assistant Commissioner Of Police by profession. Abrahaminte Santhathikal is being produced by TL George and Joby George under the banner Goodwill Entertainments.
Apart from Mammootty, young actor Anson Paul will also be seen essaying a crucial role in this much awaited venture. Abrahaminte Santhathikal also features Kaniha, Siddique, Renji Panicker, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Kalabhavan Shajon etc., in important roles. Editor-turned-filmmaker Mahesh Narayanan, whose directorial debut Take Off emerged as a big commercial and critcal success, will be handling the editing department of the movie. The makers are yet to make an official announcement regarding the exact release date of the movie.
Hard drives have a lot of drawbacks. They break, external drives disappear, they're noisy and power-hungry. No wonder more and more people are looking to the cloud for their storage needs. But the price for secure, high capacity cloud storage is often steep. That makes this deal from Zoolz a must-see for anyone looking to []
(via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens)
CALGARY, AB--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Aveda Transportation and Energy Services Inc. ("Aveda" or the "Company") (TSX VENTURE: AVE), a leading provider of oilfield hauling services and equipment rentals to the energy industry, is pleased to announce that pursuant to the terms and conditions of its restricted share unit plan, Aveda has granted 343,400 restricted share units ("RSU") to certain officers of the Company. The RSUs vest immediately and have a term of three years.
About Aveda Transportation and Energy Services
Aveda provides specialized transportation services and equipment required for the exploration, development and production of petroleum resources in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin and in the United States of America principally in and around the states of Texas, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Wyoming and North Dakota. Transportation services include both the equipment necessary to move the load and a trained, professional driver capable of securing, moving and manipulating the load at its origin and destination. Aveda's rental operations include the rental of well-sites, tanks, mats, pickers, light towers and other equipment necessary for oilfield operations.
Aveda was incorporated in 1994 as a private company to serve the oil and gas industry. In the spring of 2006 the Company went public on the TSX Venture Exchange. Aveda has major operations in Calgary, AB, Leduc, AB, Edson, AB, Pleasanton, TX, Midland, TX, Pecos, TX, Marshall, TX, Williamsport, PA, Casper, WY, Williston, ND, and Oklahoma City, OK. Aveda is publicly traded on the TSX Venture Exchange under the symbol AVE. For more information on Aveda please visit www.avedaenergy.com.
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
LOS ANGELES, CA and LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Unitas Global, the leading enterprise hybrid cloud solution provider, and Canonical, the company behind Ubuntu, the leading operating system for container, cloud, scale out, and hyperscale computing, announce they will provide a new fully-managed and hosted OpenStack private cloud to enterprise clients around the world.
This partnership, developed in response to growing enterprise demand to consume open source infrastructure, OpenStack and Kubernetes without the need to build in-house development or operations capabilities, will enable enterprise organizations to focus on strategic Digital Transformation initiatives rather than day-to-day infrastructure management.
This partnership, along with Unitas Global's large ecosystem of system integrators and partners, will enable customers to choose an end-to-end infrastructure solution to design, build, and integrate custom private cloud infrastructure based on OpenStack. It can then be delivered as a fully-managed solution anywhere in the world allowing organizations to easily consume the private cloud resources they need without building and operating the cloud itself.
Private cloud solutions provide predictable performance, security and the ability to customize the underlying infrastructure. This new joint offering combines Canonical's powerful automated deployment software and infrastructure operations with Unitas Global's infrastructure and guest-level managed services in data centers globally.
"Canonical and Unitas Global combine automated, customizable OpenStack software alongside fully-managed private cloud infrastructure, providing enterprise clients with a simplified approach to cloud integration throughout their business environment," explains Grant Kirkwood, CTO and Founder, Unitas Global. "We are very excited to partner with Canonical to bring this much-needed solution to market, enabling enhanced growth and success for our clients around the world."
"By partnering with Unitas Global, we are able to deliver a flexible and affordable solution for enterprise cloud integration utilizing cutting-edge software built on fully-managed infrastructure," comments Arturo Suarez, BootStack Product Manager, Canonical. "At Canonical, it is our mission to drive technological innovation throughout the enterprise marketplace by making flexible, open source software available for simplified consumption wherever needed, and we are looking forward to working side-by-side with Unitas Global to deliver upon this promise."
To learn more about Unitas Global, visit www.unitasglobal.com.
For more information about Canonical BootStack, visit https://www.ubuntu.com/cloud/openstack/managed-cloud.
About Unitas Global
Unitas Global is a leading provider of enterprise hybrid cloud solutions. The Unitas Enterprise Private Cloud (EPC) solution provides clients with custom, highly secure and dedicated cloud-based IT environments that are easy-to-consume, fully managed and backed by an end-to-end SLA, guaranteeing application uptime. By offloading day-to-day infrastructure operations to Unitas Global, our clients are able to refocus and optimize their internal IT resources toward their business-centric initiatives. Unitas is headquartered in Los Angeles, with clients and locations spanning the globe. For more information, please visit www.unitasglobal.com.
About Canonical
Canonical is the company behind Ubuntu, the leading OS for container, cloud, scale-out and hyperscale computing. 65% of large-scale OpenStack deployments are on Ubuntu, using both KVM and the pure-container LXD hypervisor for the world's fastest private clouds. Canonical provides enterprise support and services for commercial users of Ubuntu. Canonical leads the development of Juju, the model-driven operations system, and MAAS (Metal-as-a-Service), which creates a physical server cloud and IPAM for amazing data centre operational efficiency. Canonical is a privately held company.
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican Pause
1:44 Trump administration putting 'Iran on notice'
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
1:17 White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
FORT WALTON BEACH, Fla. — Authorities say a Florida couple lied to their 13-year-old son about having brain cancer so they could use his fictitious illness to raise money for nonexistent medical expenses.
The Okaloosa County Sheriff's Office says on social media that 34-year old Ginny Long and 47-year old Robert Long were arrested Thursday and charged with one count of child abuse and nine counts of fraud.
Detectives say the Longs set up a T-shirt fundraiser for the boy at his school last May and shared the bogus cancer diagnosis on their Facebook accounts. A GoFundMe site was also set up for the boy. The sheriff's office didn't say how much money was raised.
The sheriff's office began investigating in November, after school resource officers began to suspect the boy was being exploited.
Jail records didn't list attorneys for the Longs.
SEOUL, South Korea — Intelligence officials believe North Korean agents assassinated leader Kim Jong-un's exiled half brother, but if the whodunit seems settled, a very big question still looms: Why now?
Kim Jong Nam, reportedly killed by two female agents in a cloak-and-dagger operation in a Malaysian airport, had long been an embarrassment to North Korea's government — humiliated during a failed attempt to sneak into Japan to visit Disneyland and outspoken in opposing the rise to power of his brother, who had his uncle executed after taking over.
But the overweight gambler and fading playboy had kept his head down in recent years from his base in Macau. Kim Jong Nam was seen by many outsiders as only a minor distraction for North Korea's leaders, and certainly not an existential threat worth the risk of a potentially embarrassing assassination caper on foreign soil.
The spotty South Korean intelligence community ascribed the North's motivation in killing Kim Jong Nam, without any elaboration, simply to Kim Jong-un's "paranoia." There is a more intriguing possibility floating around Seoul, however: The tipping point in North Korea's bloody calculations may have been a largely ignored South Korean news story from last week.
A national daily, the Kyunghyang Shinmun, reported that Kim Jong Nam tried to defect to South Korea several years ago and had served, in the 2000s, as a middleman between disgraced current South Korean President Park Geun-hye and officials in North Korea.
Kim Jong-un may have clenched his teeth and carried on when he heard reports of his half brother's exploits in Macau casinos, and even when Kim Jong Nam, often photographed in an expensive, untucked, button-down shirt and newsboy cap, questioned in 2010 the need for a third generation of the Kim family to rule in Pyongyang.
But public reports in rival South Korea of alleged close dealings between a direct relative of North Korea's ruling dynasty and high officials in Seoul — and possible attempts to defect to the South — could have represented a serious challenge to a leader who portrays his family as the only legitimate power on the Korean Peninsula.
If a person with the blood of North Korea founder Kim Il Sung flowing in his veins was considering defecting to prosperous, democratic South Korea, what message did that send to North Korea's elite, or to the millions of poor and dissatisfied?
South Korea's spy agency, the National Intelligence Service, which has a spotty record in reading the goings-on in North Korea and often tries to paint the leadership as unbalanced, denied any defection attempt by Kim Jong Nam.
But Cheong Seong-Chang, an analyst at South Korea's Sejong Institute, raised the possibility that the assassination was linked to the newspaper report, which cites interviews with anonymous officials from the Europe-Korea Foundation, where Park served as a board member for a decade before stepping down ahead of the presidential election in late 2012, and computer files and emails that showed exchanges between Kim Jong Nam and the foundation's officials.
The newspaper reported that Kim Jong Nam, who was then living in Beijing, delivered a letter that Park wrote to Kim Jong Il, North Korea's second leader and Kim Jong-un's father, in 2005. The letter, according to the newspaper, showed Park requesting help on cultural exchange programs pushed by the foundation.
Jeong Joon-Hee, the spokesman of South Korea's Unification Ministry, previously said the government doesn't believe such a letter from Park, who has been impeached over a corruption scandal, was delivered to North Korea.
The newspaper also cited anonymous sources to report that Kim Jong Nam explored the possibility of defecting to South Korea, and also to the United States and Europe, in 2012 before giving up. The sources said Kim's talks with South Korea and the United States eventually fell through because of his excessive demands.
While the South Korean news report is a fascinating potential explanation for Kim Jong Nam's death, there are other possibilities — including that Monday's killing was the culmination of years of effort by North Korea.
Seoul's spy service told lawmakers Wednesday that North Korea had for five years tried to kill Kim Jong Nam, who had kept a low profile since his uncle and former protector, the North's former No. 2, Jang Song Thaek, was executed by Kim Jong-un in 2013.
The NIS, according to lawmakers, cited a "genuine" attempt by North Korea to kill Kim Jong Nam in 2012, but didn't elaborate. The lawmakers said the NIS told them Kim Jong Nam sent a letter to Kim Jong-un in April 2012, after the assassination attempt, begging for the lives of himself and his family. The letter said, "I hope you cancel the order for the punishment of me and my family. We have nowhere to go, nowhere to hide, and we know that the only way to escape is committing suicide."
Kim Jong Nam's links with China may have also played a role.
Beijing had long protected Kim Jong Nam, according to South Korea's intelligence service. China may have been interested in propping up Kim Jong Nam as a future North Korean leader should the current government in Pyongyang collapse.
Kim Jong-un would not have been pleased by knowledge that his brother was being used by Beijing as a pawn and potential replacement.
Chinese President Xi Jinping is displayed on a big screen as he delivers a speech at the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Ng Han Guan AP Photo
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Confederate Army Gen. Robert E. Lee was vilified during the Civil War only to become a heroic symbol of the South's "Lost Cause" — and eventually a racist icon.
His transformation, at the center of the recent violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, reflects the changing moods in the United States around race, mythology and national reconciliation, historians say.
Lee monuments, memorials and schools in his name erected at the turn of the 20th Century are now facing scrutiny amid a demographically changing nation.
But who was Robert E. Lee beyond the myth? Why are there memorials in his honor in the first place?
___
THE SOLDIER
A son of American Revolutionary War hero Henry "Light-Horse Harry" Lee, Robert E. Lee graduated second in his class at West Point and distinguished himself in various battles during the U.S.-Mexico War. As tensions heated around southern secession, Lee's former mentor, Gen. Winfield Scott, offered him a post to lead the Union's forces against the South. Lee declined, citing his reservations about fighting against his home state of Virginia.
Lee accepted a leadership role in the Confederate forces although he had little experience leading troops. He struggled but eventually became a general in the Confederate Army, winning battles largely because of incompetent Union Gen. George McClellan. He would win other important battles against other Union's generals, but he was often stalled. He was famously defeated at Gettysburg by Union Maj. Gen. George Meade. Historians say Lee's massed infantry assault across a wide plain was a gross miscalculation in the era of artillery and rifle fire.
A few weeks after becoming the general in chief of the armies of the Confederate states, Lee surrendered to Union Gen. Ulysses S. Grant at Appomattox Court House in Virginia on April 9, 1865.
___
THE SLAVE OWNER
A career army officer, Lee didn't have much wealth, but he inherited a few slaves from his mother. Still, Lee married into one of the wealthiest slave-holding families in Virginia — the Custis family of Arlington and descendants of Martha Washington. When Lee's father-in-law died, he took leave from the U.S. Army to run the struggling estate and met resistance from slaves expecting to be freed.
Documents show Lee was a cruel figure with his slaves and encouraged his overseers to severely beat slaves captured after trying to escape. One slave said Lee was one of the meanest men she had ever met.
In a 1856 letter, Lee wrote that slavery is "a moral & political evil." But Lee also wrote in the same letter that God would be the one responsible for emancipation and blacks were better off in the U.S. than Africa.
___
THE LOST CAUSE ICON
After the Civil War, Lee resisted efforts to build Confederate monuments in his honor and instead wanted the nation to move on from the Civil War.
After his death, Southerners adopted "The Lost Cause" revisionist narrative about the Civil War and placed Lee as its central figure. The Lost Cause argued the South knew it was fighting a losing war and decided to fight it anyway on principle. It also tried to argue that the war was not about slavery but high constitutional ideals.
As The Lost Because narrative grew in popularity, proponents pushed to memorialize Lee, ignoring his deficiencies as a general and his role as a slave owner. Lee monuments went up in the 1920s just as the Ku Klux Klan was experiencing a resurgence and new Jim Crow segregation laws were adopted.
The Robert E. Lee statue in Charlottesville, Virginia, went up in 1924. A year later, the U.S. Congress voted to use federal funds to restore the Lee mansion in the Arlington National Cemetery.
The U.S. Mint issued a coin in his honor, and Lee has been on five postage stamps. No other Union figure besides President Abraham Lincoln has similar honors.
___
A NEW MEMORY
A generation after the civil rights movement, black and Latino residents began pressuring elected officials to dismantle Lee and other Confederate memorials in places like New Orleans, Houston and South Carolina. The removals partly were based on violent acts committed white supremacists using Confederate imagery and historians questioning the legitimacy of The Lost Cause.
A Gen. Robert E. Lee statue was removed from Lee Circle in New Orleans as the last of four monuments to Confederate-era figures to be removed under a 2015 City Council vote.
The Houston Independent School District also voted in 2016 to rename Robert E. Lee High School, a school with a large Latino population, as Margaret Long Wisdom High School.
Earlier this year, the Charlottesville, Virginia, City Council voted to remove its Lee statue from a city park, sparking a lawsuit from opponents of the move. The debate also drew opposition from white supremacists and neo-Nazis who revered Lee and the Confederacy. The opposition resulted in rallies to defend Lee statues this weekend that resulted in at least three deaths.
___
Associated Press writer Russell Contreras is a member of the AP's race and ethnicity team. Follow Russell Contreras on Twitter at http://twitter.com/russcontreras
Yet another big, free update for Gran Turismo Sport , the PlayStation 4-exclusive driving simulator, and it adds a track that, frankly, should have been there from the start: Circuit de la Sarthe. The track is the enormous course used for the 24 Hours of Le Mans . And while we complain that it should have been there from the beginning, we can't be too upset when it has been added back for free.On top of the addition of the track, nine new cars become available, some of which include Le Mans greats from the late '80s and early '90s. Among those are the 1988 Jaguar XJR-9, 1989 Sauber Mercedes C9, and 1992 Nissan R92CP. A couple of Italian classics make an appearance in the form of the 1968 Fiat 500 F and 1967 Lamborghini Miura P400 Bertone prototype, plus some more modern vehicles such as the 1996 Mitsubishi Lancer Evo IV, 2015 Subaru BRZ , 2016 Renault Sport Clio RS 220 EDC Trophy, and the 2011 Renault Sport Megane Trophy Gr. 4 race car.Rounding out the update are three new single-player race series, and a number of extra events for existing series. There are more locations for taking virtual photos of cars, too.
Sierra Leone's new president will follow through with campaign promises to review mining contracts and consider changes to the law that would ensure the West African nation benefits from its natural resources, his spokesman told Reuters..
As commodities recover from a collapse in 2015 cash-strapped governments in Mali, Tanzania, Zambia and Democratic Republic of Congo have demanded a bigger share of the proceeds by increasing taxes and in some cases banning exports.
Extractives – mostly diamonds, iron ore and mineral sands – constitute more than 80% of Sierra Leone's exports but generate only 15% of its total revenues, according to official figures.
In an address to lawmakers earlier this month, President Julius Maada Bio, who was elected last month, denounced what he said was an “extreme lack of transparency” in the sector under his predecessor Ernest Bai Koroma.
He called for an immediate review of both the 2009 Mines and Minerals Act and the individual licenses of mining companies.
“We have to look at these agreements, and we have to look at the laws that govern them,” Yusuf Keketoma Sandi, the president's press secretary, told Reuters on Thursday.
“There have been many issues in terms of how concessions were given to mining companies and treatment of workers that people deemed unfair,” he said.
Major companies operating in Sierra Leone include China's Shandong Iron and Steel which owns the Tonkolili iron ore project. BSG Resources-controlled diamond miner Koidu Holdings Ltd is a supplier to Tiffany and Co.
Sierra Minerals, owned by Dutch industrial group Vimetco NV, runs the country's only bauxite mine. Australia's Iluka Resources mines mineral sands via a subsidiary.
Those companies either declined to speak about the pending reviews or did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
“We have to remember that mining companies are here for business, to make profit at the end of the day,” Sandi said. “At the same time, as a government it's our job to ensure that they display proper corporate social responsibility and comply with international best practices.”
Democratic Republic of Congo's unilateral move to increase mining taxes and deny mining companies the right to short-term getout clauses enraged mining executives, but it also has the potential to stir up resource nationalism across the continent.
Mali's government said in March that it was negotiating with mining companies to draft a new mining code but would move to implement a new law unilaterally if no compromise is reached.
However, Sierra Leone faces the tricky task of squeezing more revenues from the extractives sector while attracting new investment after a years-long slump in commodities prices stalled projects and bankrupted some companies.
Its economy contracted by more than 20% in 2015 at the height of the Ebola epidemic and Bio promised voters a national renaissance.
His plans include new legislation that would consolidate all mining revenues into a single account from which funds could be allocated to health and education projects in mining communities.
Sierra Leone mining law expert Sonkita Conteh told Reuters that cleaning up legislation and properly enforcing regulations should draw the investors the country desperately needs.
“We've been mining in Sierra Leone for the past 80 years, and it's very hard to point to the tangible differences,” it has made to people's livelihoods, he said.
“This is the time to step back and really look with a fresh eye at all of these activities and see whether the mining is of benefit to these communities rather than a few select people and companies.”
-Reuters
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says she doesn't regret moving from California to New Jersey so her daughter could receive care after being declared dead.
Nailah Winkfield told reporters Tuesday that she gave up everything for daughter Jahi McMath, but it was worthwhile. The San Francisco Chronicle reports that Jahi will be buried Friday in Hayward, California.
Winkfield says doctors declared Jahi dead on June 22 after an operation to treat an intestinal issue.
McMath had already been declared dead in December 2013 after suffering irreversible brain damage during routine surgery in California when she was 13.
Advertisement
Winkfield refused to accept the conclusion and took McMath to New Jersey, which accommodates religions that don't recognize brain death.
By Adekunle Adekoya
LAGOS — The last is yet to be heard of controversies surrounding the sale of troubled telco, Emerging Markets Telecommunications Services Ltd, trading as 9Mobile, as indications have emerged that the board of the company may have been interfering with the bid process.
These indications are contained in a letter from Barclays Africa (financial advisors to the sale), to GT Bank Plc. GT Bank is the Facility Agent to Syndicate Lenders in the bid process.
The Barclays letter, dated 28 February 2018, copied to the board of 9Mobile was signed by one Hasnen Varawalla as Managing Director/Co-Head, Africa Banking.
In the letter, Barclays protested an earlier letter from the board of 9Mobile which it said was dated February 18, and which the bank replied in another letter dated February 19, 2018.
In the Feb. 19 letter, Barclays Africa wrote, among others: “The instructions in the letter are not in line with the process letter dated 26 January 2018, as approved by the Board and issued to each bidder and will effectively amend the same”.
Lamenting that its advisories were being ignored by the 9mobile board, the bank noted thus: “We further note that on Tuesday, 20th February 2018, and based on an updated proposal from Smile Telecoms Holdings Limited, we updated our analysis of the comparison of the two offers received from the Bidders (Teleology and Smile) and forwarded the updated comparison to the Board via email. We further requested clarification from the Board on paragraph 3 of the 19th February 2018”.
Barclays is also worried that contrary to the rules guiding the transaction, the Sales Purchase Agreement (SPA) has not been signed.
Rules governing the bid process state that on the day of award (which was Feb 26) the SPA should be signed. The SPA earlier sent to all bidders by Barclays on January 26th directed the bidders to review and send their remarks back so that it will be ready for signature on the day of the award.
It had announced Teleology Holdings as the preferred bidder for the sale of 9mobile through a letter it transmitted to the company on February 21, 2018, and gave it 21 days to pay a non-refundable cash deposit of $50 million.
Another issue at stake is the simple matter of when the 21-day timeline expires. Counting from February 22, the 21-day window within which Teleology was supposed to pay the $50 million lapsed March 14, but another interpretation insists it is 21 working days, weekends and public holidays excluded since banks don't work on those days. That gives Teleology, the preferred bidder till March 22 to pay up.
Future Market Insights (FMI) delivers key insights on the global in-mold labels market in a new report titled “In-mold Labels Market: Global Industry Analysis (2012–2016) and Opportunity Assessment (2017–2027).” The global in-mold labels market is estimated to be valued at US$ 967.6 Mn by 2017 end, and is expected to expand at a 3.2% CAGR over the forecast period (2017–2027), to be valued at US$ 1,320.9 Mn by the end of the forecast period. Some of the key trends defining the global in-mold labels market include the adoption of digital printing for in-mold labels, use of barrier in-mold labels, IML inspection technology, innovation in offset and digital printing machines, and type of material used.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2621
Global In-mold Labels Market: Segmentation & Forecast
The market is segmented based on process type, material, end-use industry, printing technique and region.
Based on process type , the global in-mold labels market is segmented into blow molding, injection molding and thermoforming. Among all the process type segments, the injection molding segment is estimated to account for the highest revenue share of more than 65% in 2017, and is expected to retain its dominance throughout the forecast period.
Based on material , the global in-mold labels market is segmented into polypropylene, polyethylene terephthalate, polystyrene, polyethylene, barrier IML, paper & others. The polypropylene segment is expected to contribute the largest share of more than three fourths of the global in-mold label market during the forecast period.
Based on printing technique , the global in-mold labels market is segmented into gravure, offset, flexography, screen, digital and others. The offset and flexography segments together are anticipated to contribute a combined market share of around 70% in the global in-mold labels market during the forecast period.
Based on end-use industry, the global in-mold labels market is segmented into food, beverage, pharmaceuticals, domestic care, cosmetics and personal care and others. The pharmaceutical segment is anticipated to register the highest growth in terms of revenue and is expected to witness an incremental opportunity of US $ 96.9 Mn over the forecast period.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2621
Global In-mold Labels Market: Regional Forecast
Globally, in terms of revenue, Western Europe is estimated to account for the highest market share of 44.8% in 2017, followed by North America with a value share of 25.3%. Revenue from the market in APEJ is expected to expand at CAGR of 5.2% over the forecast period. North America, Western Europe and APEJ are expected to be the most favourable regions in terms of incremental opportunity lying ahead for high revenue generation.
Leading Companies Operating in the Global In-mold Labels Market
Some of the major players in the global in-mold labels market that are covered in this report include CCL Industries Inc., Multi-Color Corporation, Verstraete IML N.V., Korsini Ambalaj San. Tic. A.S., Duratech Industries Inc., Tasus Corporation, Walle Corporation, Admark Visual Imaging Limited, Aspasie Inc., General Press Corporation, Precision Press Inc., Serigraph Inc., Smyth Companies, LLC, Hammer Packaging, Corp., Inland Label and Marketing Services LLC, Yupo Corporation, Vibrant Graphics, Ren-Form CC, John Herrod & Associates Pty Ltd and Canyon Graphics Inc. In this report, we have discussed individual strategies followed by these companies in terms of enhancing their product portfolio, creating new marketing techniques, mergers and acquisitions. A competitive landscape is included to provide report audiences with a dashboard view and company share collectively.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/in-mold-label-market
Santa Barbara-based AmeriFlex Financial Services has announced its newest team member, Corrine Barroso.
Barroso is a graduate of San Diego State University,where she earned a bachelor's in business administration-finance with an emphasis in financial services. She received a master's degree of business administration in finance from California Lutheran University in Thousand Oaks.
Marketing its silver anniversary this year, AmeriFlex Financial Services is a privately owned financial planning and wealth management firm based in Santa Barbara since 1988. The company provides financial confidence to businesses, nonprofit organizations, families and individual investors.
Barroso brings more than eight years of experience in the financial services industry to the position of wealth manager at AmeriFlex.
“Her investment knowledge and expertise in financial planning and client relationship management will help AmeriFlex continue to deliver a platinum level of service to clients,” said Bibi Taylor, AmeriFlex wealth manager. “In addition, she is integral to the team focusing on the financial needs of women and the launch of the new Woman Investor program.”
AmeriFlex Financial Services is a privately owned financial planning and wealth management firm based in Santa Barbara. Its team of professionals has provided financial confidence to businesses, nonprofit organizations, families and individual investors since 1988. Click here for more information.
— Bibi Taylor represents AmeriFlex Financial Services.
Dr Michael Greger is the leading voice for the healing power of diet and lifestyle newly releasing a recipe book packed with tasty meals to make it easier to eat a wholefood, plant-based diet.
Here he explains how a plant-based diet can protect you and your family against lung disease:
The worst death I ever witnessed was that of a man dying of lung disease. He was wide-eyed, gasping for air, his hands clawing at the bed. His lungs were filling with fluid and he was drowning.
Very sadly, there was nothing I could do. Our gaze remained locked as he suffocated in front of me. It felt like watching someone being tortured to death.
Advertisement
So go ahead and take a deep breath. Now imagine what it would feel like not to be able to breathe. We all need to take good care of our lungs.
In the UK 10,000 people are newly diagnosed with lung disease every week, and somebody dies from some sort of lung condition every five minutes — it represents 20 per cent of UK death from disease.
But a plant-based diet could help. Studies show a healthy diet may help mitigate the DNA-damaging effects of tobacco smoke, as well as perhaps help prevent lung cancer from spreading.
Unfortunately, there is no cure for COPD (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease), which, in addition to shortness of breath, causes severe coughing, excess mucus production, wheezing, and chest tightness. But there is some good news: a healthy diet may help to prevent it or keep it from getting worse. This could be very important news for the 1.2 million sufferers in the UK.
Studies show that the consumption of cured meat (bacon, ham, and sausages) may increase the risk of COPD. It's thought to be due to the nitrite preservatives in meat, which may mimic the lung-damaging properties of the nitrite by-products of cigarette smoke.
But data going back 50 years shows a high intake of fruit and vegetables is associated with good lung function. Just one extra serving of fruit each day may translate into a 24 per cent lower risk of dying from COPD. The more the better!
With each breath, we take in thousands of bacteria. Most microbes are harmless, but some cause potentially deadly diseases, such as influenza and pneumonia.
A plant-based diet may be able to boost your immunity and offer protection. In a 2012 study elderly volunteers given five or more servings of fruit and vegetables daily had an 82 per cent greater protective antibody response to a pneumonia vaccine compared to those who ate two or fewer servings a day.
ASTHMA
Asthma is an inflammatory disease characterised by recurring attacks of shortness of breath, wheezing, and coughing, which are caused by narrowed, swollen airways.
It affects 5.4 million people in the UK and claims three lives every single day. However, even asthma may be largely preventable with a healthier diet.
A study of more than 100,000 adults in India found that those who consumed meat daily, or even occasionally, were significantly more likely to suffer from asthma than those who excluded meat and eggs from their diets altogether.
Eggs (along with fizzy drinks) have also been associated with asthma attacks in children, along with respiratory symptoms. But removing eggs and dairy from the diet can improve an asthmatic's lung function in as few as eight weeks.
The explanation for why diet affects airway inflammation may lie with the thin coating of fluid that forms the interface between your respiratory-tract lining and the outside air.
The antioxidants in fruit and vegetables could help support the defensive action of this fluid, which acts as your first line of defence against the free radicals that contribute to asthmatic airway hypersensitivity, contraction, and mucus build-up.
Certainly, research suggests a few extra daily servings of fruit and vegetables can reduce both the number of cases of childhood asthma and the number of asthma attacks among people with the disease.
When researchers in Australia tried removing fruit and vegetables from asthma patients' diets to see what would happen, they found symptoms grew worse after just two weeks.
This occurred when they cut back to just one piece of fruit and two servings of vegetables per day — hardly a restriction by Western dietary standards. When they greatly increased fruit and vegetable consumption (as recommended by my Daily Dozen) to seven servings a day, asthma rates were cut in half.
SMOKING
A plant-based diet can protect you and your family against lung disease. Photo / Getty Images
If, despite all the evidence and warnings, you're currently a smoker, the most important step you can take is to stop. Now. Please.
The benefits of quitting are immediate because the human body possesses a miraculous ability to heal itself as long as we don't keep reinjuring it.
Just 20 minutes after quitting, your heart rate and blood pressure drop. Within weeks your blood circulation and lung function improve, and within months, the sweeper cells that help clean the lungs, remove mucus, and reduce the risk of infection start to regrow.
After a year without cigarettes, your smoking-related risk of coronary heart disease drops to half that of current smokers. Within about 15 years of stopping smoking, your lung cancer risk approaches that of a lifelong nonsmoker — your lungs can clear out all that tar buildup and, eventually, it's almost as if you never smoked at all.
But while you wait, be reassured that simple dietary changes may help to roll back damage wrought by the carcinogens in tobacco smoke.
Researchers rounded up a group of longtime smokers and asked them to consume 25 times more broccoli than average (just a single stalk a day). Compared to broccoli-avoiding smokers, the broccoli-eating smokers suffered 41 per cent fewer DNA mutations in their bloodstream over ten days.
It is clear broccoli boosts the activity of detoxifying enzymes in the liver, helping to clear carcinogens.
So, as well as quitting, keep a close eye on your Daily Dozen to effortlessly boost your intake of vegetables such as broccoli, cabbage, and cauliflower to help prevent further damage.
WHY BROCCOLI IS THE MOST MAGICAL VEGE OF ALL
Broccoli is truly incredible. Studies show it can help prevent DNA damage and the spread of metastatic cancer.
Research also suggests it can activate defences against pathogens and pollutants; help prevent lymphoma; boost the enzymes that detoxify your liver; target breast cancer stem cells; and reduce the risk of prostate cancer progression.
The key plant component responsible for all this is thought to be sulforaphane, a substance that is formed almost exclusively in cruciferous vegetables such as rocket, Brussels sprouts, cabbage, cauliflower, spring greens, horseradish, kale, mustard greens, radishes, turnip tops and watercress.
Sulforaphane may also help protect your brain and your eyesight, reduce nasal allergy inflammation and manage type 2 diabetes.
To get the full benefit of the sulforaphane, you should ideally eat cruciferous vegetables raw. Alternatively (and more deliciously), try adopting what I call the 'Hack and Hold' veg prep method.
There's a key enzyme that doesn't activate the sulforaphane until the vegetable is chopped or chewed, and that enzyme is destroyed by cooking — unless you're prepared to wait about 40 minutes before putting it in the pan or oven. What about frozen broccoli? Sadly, commercially produced frozen broccoli lacks the ability to form sulforaphane, as the vegetables are flash-cooked before they are frozen.
After that, it doesn't matter how much you chop or how long you wait — you won't get any sulforaphane.
But there is another way. The enzyme you need for the sulforaphane is also contained in mustard powder. You can therefore sprinkle mustard powder overcooked broccoli — even the frozen variety — and activate the sulforaphane.
Cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli have also been shown to boost the effectiveness of a special type of white blood cell that is the first line of gut defence against pathogens.
But it's not just broccoli that's loaded with health benefits — plenty of other fruits and vegetables are, too.
Blueberries have been shown almost to double our levels of natural killer cells, which are an essential part of the immune system's 'rapid response team' that fights against viruses and cancer cells.
Red cabbage, meanwhile, provides some of the highest levels of antioxidants very cheaply — three times as many as blueberries per pound. Tomatoes also appear to have special immunity-enhancing powers: drinking tomato juice can rescue the immune function of people who have not had any fruit or veg for two weeks, while carrot juice apparently can't.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia is warning bankers that legislation rolling back financial rules put in place after the 2008 economic crisis could stall.
Warner says legislation revamping the law known as Dodd-Frank "will not pass if it comes back to the Senate" for another vote.
Warner's comments are a warning shot to House Republicans. They want to amend Senate-passed legislation that would provide regulatory relief for banks.
But Warner tells members of the American Bankers Association that 17 Democrats who voted for the Senate bill have taken "an awful lot of heat." They're not anxious to revisit the debate.
Advertisement
The bankers are in Washington for a conference. Warner tells them the Senate bill contains several House provisions and "we've stretched this about as far as we can go."
MACKINAW CITY, Mich. (AP) — Officials say underwater photos show two electric cables were severed in what Michigan's attorney general says was a tugboat anchor strike in the waterway that connects Lake Huron and Lake Michigan.
An investigative team led by the U.S. Coast Guard said Tuesday a remotely controlled vehicle had obtained images of the damage site beneath the Straits of Mackinac. The two severed cables were among six owned by American Transmission Co. that are stretched along the lake floor.
Officials said with the visual assessment finished, the company and its contractors plan to cap the ends of the damaged cables to prevent more pollution. About 600 gallons (2,270 liters) of mineral oil insulation fluid spilled into the water when the cables were struck April 1.
Crews have removed about 590 gallons (2,230 liters) that didn't leak.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:01 Parker Jones's steal, free throws save the day for Mission Prep in win over SLO High
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
1:38 Flying over Paso Robles in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about his priorities in Congress
Program Will Provide Information on EV Benefits, Impact on the Grid
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Owners of electric vehicles in New York City and Westchester County can earn e-gift card rewards and get valuable information about their charging habits by participating in a new Con Edison program.
Con Edison and FleetCarma, a company that specializes in electric vehicle technology solutions, are seeking participants for a program called SmartCharge New York that will pay EV owners to charge their vehicles at times when demand for power is not highest.
(Interested drivers can get more information and apply at www.fleetcarma.com/smartchargenewyork.)
"We expect the number of electric vehicles to increase the next few years as drivers realize the economic and environmental benefits," said Matthew Ketschke, Con Edison's vice president, Distributed Resource Integration. "We see EVs as another technology that is helping us build a cleaner, more efficient energy future in which customers have access to the choices they want."
Participants in the program will get valuable information. They'll have access to FleetCarma's online portal where they can get data on their driving energy efficiency, carbon footprint, battery health and more. They'll also be able to track rewards earned and share and compare experiences with an online community of EV drivers.
The program is open to all EV owners, both residential and fleet, that charge in the Con Edison service territory. It is not necessary to be a Con Edison customer and an EV owner can enroll more than one vehicle in the program.
Here's how the program will work: Each participant will get a free cellular-enabled, FleetCarma C2 connected device that plugs into the on-board diagnostic port or connector of the vehicle and collects charging and driving data. Drivers will be able to see their information via the online portal.
Just for enrolling in the program an EV owner will earn $50 in SmartCharge Rewards. The owner will then get $5 in rewards in each month that they charge in the Con Edison service territory.
An EV owner will earn 5 cents in rewards for each kilowatt hour of charging during off-peak hours. Off-peak hours are from midnight to 8 a.m.
From June to September, an EV owner may earn an additional $20 a month for not charging between 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. weekdays.
SmartCharge Rewards can be redeemed for an assortment of e-gift cards, digital pre-paid cards, and nonprofit donations.
Con Edison's goal is to gather insights on how the growing popularity of EVs will impact its electric-delivery system. Con Edison can use that information to help guide investments in its system and maintain its industry-leading reliability.
The timing of the program coincides with a New York State incentive. The Drive Clean Rebate offers a discount of up to $2,000 for those who buy a qualifying electric vehicle from a dealership registered with the state. In addition, the federal government offers a tax credit of up to $7,500.
Con Edison is a subsidiary of Consolidated Edison, Inc. ( NYSE : ED), one of the nation's largest investor-owned energy companies, with approximately $12 billion in annual revenues and $48 billion in assets. The utility delivers electricity, natural gas and steam to about 3.4 million customers in New York City and Westchester County, N.Y. For additional financial, operations and customer service information, visit conEd.com. For energy efficiency information, visit coned.com/energyefficiency. Also, visit us on Twitter and Facebook.
CONNECT WITH US:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ConEdison
Twitter: https://twitter.com/conedison
YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/conedisonny
Flickr: http://www.flickr.com/photos/conedison/sets/72157627767618832/
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135967/Images/electriccar-2e87d4a91479af33a223fbe1c8724665.jpg
Call of Duty's first DLC pack is here, and it brings some much-needed variety to the maps and a (slightly) more interesting Zombies experience. “The Resistance” arrived on January 30 for PlayStation 4, and should be available on Xbox One and PC one month from now.
Resistance includes four multiplayer maps and one Zombies map that continues the storyline from The Final Reich. Here's what I thought of the new maps.
Advertisement
Standard Multiplayer
With a meager nine maps that shipped with WWII, the game sorely needed more to round out the playlist. It got three. Four multiplayer maps per map pack has been the standard for Call of Duty for some time, but one of the four is now reserved for WWII's War mode.
Anthropoid is inspired by “Operation Anthropoid,” which was the code name for a famous assassination attempt on high-ranking German officers in Prague. It's also now WWII's largest standard map. There are several sniper points and plenty of routes to flank your opponents. You can even drop down into the water for a swim or sneaky snipe from the river. Anthropoid serves well for intense objective gameplay, but with a map of this size, you have to be fast at playing the objective of collecting enemy dog tags in Kill Confirmed.
Advertisement
Occupation is a remake of the Resistance multiplayer map from Modern Warfare 3 and puts players on the streets of Paris. To reskin feels spot on with the classic map, providing nostalgia for old-school fans. Oddly enough, this map was just remade in the Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare DLC last year, but that version was heavily changed and didn't flow as well. WWII's remake is far superior and plays great for objective modes.
Valkyrie draws inspiration from The Wolf's Lair, a collection of bunkers in East Prussia that served as headquarters for Hitler. The arrangement of bunkers makes a deadly playground for anyone wielding a shotgun. There are also mounted MGs and plenty of cover. I personally enjoy the look and flow of the bunkers on this map. However, the spawns are very limited unless you're playing Hardpoint, so it's really easy to spawn trap the enemy team or become the victim of spawn traps.
Advertisement
War Mode
WWII only shipped with three War maps, and the expansive Battlefield-style mode has been feeling a little stale. “Resistance” adds one more map. Operation Intercept serves at the new team-objective War map, and while one objective is now to rescue or hold hostages, this new addition to War feels like more of the same. The buildings of Operation Intercept provide great cover for the defending team, and you really have to attack with tactical teamwork, often feeling as frustrating as the attacking side of Operation Neptune. Smoke is definitely your friend on this map.
Zombies
The Darkest Shore brings the next chapter of Sledgehammer's Zombies storyline. Taking place just days after the horrific events of The Final Reich, the map available at launch, the crew now follows intel that leads them to a foggy island north of Germany.
Advertisement
Given that Sledgehammer Games' co-founders and many other members were once the team behind the Dead Space franchise, it's not surprising to see a new creature with extra limbs that is reminiscent of the Necromorph.
As long as you have ammo in your gun, zombies aren't really a huge problem. The threat comes during intervals of nasty fog. You literally can only see two steps in front of you, and when the undead are chasing you, it's a really bad time to run into a dead end.
Advertisement
Pair the hindrance of thick fog with the narrow passages of the bunkers and trenches and The Darkest Shore can feel claustrophobic and very unforgiving. The eerie ambiance of The Final Reich carries over to the DLC, but the map's layout makes high rounds a little more challenging this time around.
The wonder weapon is a saw melee weapon that can be upgraded to shoot saw blades, so that's pretty cool. There's also a minecart system that provides helpful navigation across the map.
Unfortunately, better Zombies is still not great Zombies. The mode continues to lack the addictive replayablity of Treyarch's iconic Zombies modes, or even Infinite Warfare's goofy version. WWII Zombies still doesn't seem to resonate well with the casual players or long-time fans of Zombies. And Sledgehammer even removed a few of the positive features from The Final Reich by excluding a casual Easter Egg and removing the notebook guide for the objectives. The notebook is there, but it won't guide players anywhere. Why fix something that isn't broken?
Advertisement
Overall, I'll call the Resistance DLC a welcomed addition to WWII simply because the game desperately needed larger multiplayer maps. The launch offerings suffered from lack of variety since many of the nine maps were on the smaller size, and Anthropoid and Occupation have a good size and layout to serve most game modes and playstyles. A more interesting and challenging Zombies mode is also nice, but The Darkest Shore doesn't really bring much hope for Zombies fans looking for more fun and higher replay value.
Something to look forward to: After news that its high-end PCs helped it to yet another successful quarter, HP has just made a couple of announcements that should be of interest to gamers. In addition to a new Omen 15 laptop, the company has revealed a headset that features a unique cooling solution.
At the HP Gaming Festival in Beijing, the firm revealed its new Mindframe headset. It uses a patented active cooling system to keep users' ears from feeling like they're in an oven—often a problem with large over-the-ear headsets, especially in warm environments.
HP says the Mindframe keeps ears cool using a "thermoelectric device inside the earcup that conducts heat from the acoustic chamber towards the outside." It can be controlled via the Omen Command Center software, which should allow users to select a temperature level they find comfortable.
The headset also has a self-adjusting lightweight suspension headband for even weight distribution, noise cancelation, 3D audio with 7.1 virtual surround sound, DTS Headphone:X support, software-controlled RGB lighting, a noise-canceling unidirectional microphone, and a USB 2.0 Type-A connector. No word on a price, but it will launch in the second half of this year.
One of the other products HP unveiled was the latest version of its Omen 15 laptop. The top-spec version of the machine boasts Nvidia's GTX 1070 with Max-Q design, allowing for more power within a slimmer chassis. The device now features a smaller footprint and reduced bezels around the 15.6-inch IPS display.
HP has included several options when it comes to the Omen 15's panel. Users can pick from 60Hz or 144Hz at 1080p, or 60Hz at 4K—Nvidia's G-sync is available on the 144Hz@1080p configuration. It can also be fitted out with Intel's 8th-gen i5 or i7 quad- and hexa-core CPUs, up to 32GB of RAM, and a variety of HDD, SDD, Optane, and combination storage options. In addition to the 1070 GPU, buyers can opt for a GTX1060 (6GB) or a GTX 1050 Ti (4GB).
Other features of the new Omen 15 include a 70WHr battery with “up to six hours and 15 minutes” of mixed usage, an aluminum keyboard area with 26-key rollover and four RGB lighting zones, and an improved cooling system with extra vents.
The Omen 15 will be available on July 29, 2018, and starts at $979 for the base i5-8300H/1050 Ti model.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City have made 14 signings this season in the Sky Bet Championship.
All of their incoming business was done during the summer transfer window with no arrivals during January.
Blues brought in nine players on permanent deals while five joined on loan.
Here's a list of those that joined and from which club.
Craig Gardner (WBA)
Marc Roberts (Barnsley)
David Stockdale (Brighton & Hove Albion)
Cheikh Ndoye (Angers)
Isaac Vassell (Luton Town)
Harlee Dean (Brentford)
Maxime Colin (Brentford)
Jota (Brentford)
Jason Lowe (Blackburn Rovers)
Cohen Bramall (Arsenal) Loan
Sam Gallagher (Southampton) Loan
Carl Jenkinson (Arsenal) Loan
Jérémie Boga (Chelsea) Loan
Liam Walsh (Everton) Loan
Podcast
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
Birmingham City - a quick guide
Blues were founded in 1875.
Similar to the formation of many football clubs at the time, members of the local cricket side wanted to play a sport in the winter. The team based at Holy Trinity Church, Bordesley, on the east side of Birmingham, decided to form a football team.
Under the initial name of Small Heath Alliance their early games took place on a piece of waste ground off Arthur Street, then at a field in Sparkbrook, before they moved to Muntz Street in 1877 paying rent of £5 per year.
They became the first football club to become a limited company with a board of directors, under the name of Small Heath F.C. Ltd in 1888 before moving to St Andrew's in 1906 after changing their name to Birmingham Football Club.
(Image: David Rogers/Getty Images)
The name Birmingham City F.C was adopted in 1943.
Their blue kit colour was established right from the start with the first strip a dark blue shirt with a white sash and white shorts.
Several variations were worn but the royal blue stuck and has been the club's main kit colour for well over 100 years.
Blues' most famous achievement was lifting the League Cup at Wembley in 2011. They beat Arsenal 2-1 in the final, with Obafemi Martins scoring the winning goal after Robin van Persie's strike has cancelled out Nikola Zigic's opener.
That was the second time Blues lifted the trophy after their 1963 success. Blues have been FA Cup runners-up on two occasions and won the Second Division four times.
The club have spent most of their history bouncing between the top two divisions and in 1956 became the first English club side to take part in European competition.
Blues' home ground St Andrew's has a capacity of 29,409.
If one has been a football or soccer enthusiast for the longest period then it's about time that he considers earning some money through soccer bets. One ought to not place to waste each and every hour that he spends watching every of this soccer match. One particular could place that to fantastic use and earn some money by putting soccer bets. Winning all one's bets just isn't uncomplicated to complete and there is no guarantee of that but if one particular is well-informed and sensible with regards to the game then putting soccer bets with higher odds of winning ought to become rather effortless. Listed below are a couple of football betting tips that a single could contemplate. Get much more details about ufabet
To start generating soccer bets, one needs to place with each other some cash. The amount that one particular wants to use for his football depends upon oneself. Then once again, it's generally a sensible choice to only use one's extra money. One of the powerful football betting strategies is to by no means use money that a single ought to be spending for his day-to-day living fees using the wish of doubling-up the amount. A single will be additional able of generating sensible choices on his football bets if one is relaxed & free from whichever pressure to win for the reason that all of one's money is at stake on such bet. Bookmakers typically accept bets as low as a dollar. As a novice, one ought to only bet the amount of money that 1 is comfortable with.
After settling on how much cash one particular could spend on his soccer bets, 1 could get started looking for a site where 1 could place his bets. A single could either place his bet with a bookmaker/bookie or he could do this on an internet gambling site. There are a lot of sites that take for all with the soccer competitions. If one particular is online then he could simply create an online account and utilizes that to place his football bets. All a single requires accomplishing is place the quantity of one's soccer bet and then click a button to place his bet. It truly is really effortless and very simple since 1 does not have to leave his house or make a phone call to place his bet. One could place his bet anytime, whether it be night or day, as long as one particular has an internet access and a computer that he could use to log in to his account.
When making football bets, 1 could by no means be too sure what he would win on every single single bet that he makes. This is the reason why it is usually sensible to place a limit for oneself and to really stick to it. No matter how enticing it really is, one ought to stick to the cash quantity that one has set for himself. One particular ought to in no way bet an quantity of money that he knows is properly beyond his means.
You're next step? To begin utilizing these football betting strategies and begin earning big while enjoying your favorite sport.
As attitudes about marijuana shift around the world, researchers are warning parents that it's risky to keep it around children, especially those who are too young to know what it is.
The number of children who were admitted to emergency rooms for marijuana intoxication increased by 133% in France over an 11-year period, according to a new study.
Marijuana intoxication can occur when a child accidentally ingests a marijuana product or inhales marijuana smoke. Symptoms can vary based on the child's age and size but often include sleepiness, difficulty breathing, seizures or even coma. Effects usually last six to 24 hours.
Cannabis is illegal in France, but it has the highest rate of marijuana use in Europe, said Dr. Isabelle Claudet, lead author of the study, published Monday in the journal Pediatrics.
"And that means we are facing an increase in emergency admissions of marijuana intoxication and an increase in severe symptoms seen in children," said Claudet, a pediatric emergency physician in Toulouse.
She and other researchers analyzed the number of French children under 6 admitted to pediatric emergency departments because of unintentional cannabis intoxication and the number of cannabis-related calls involving children to French poison control centers.
From 2004 to 2014, 235 children were admitted to ERs with cannabis intoxication, and there was a 133% -- or 13 times -- increase in the admissions rate for it. The number of calls to poison control centers related to cannabis exposure in children increased by 312% in the same period.
What concerns Claudet the most is that the concentration of the psychoactive chemical tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, has been increasing in cannabis products in France.
"THC concentration in cannabis products has increased from 9% in 2004 to 20% in 2014," she said. "I believe that's why we're facing more adverse effects in children."
Over the 11-year span, the severity of symptoms in children admitted to emergency departments because of marijuana intoxication also increased.
Twenty times more severe cases were reported in 2014 compared with 2004, and and four times more severe cases were reported in 2014 compared with 2013. Of the 32 children reported to have gone into comas, 53% were admitted in 2014, and there were more cannabis-related admissions than any other type of pediatric emergency room admission.
The main cannabis product circulating on the French market is hashish or cannabis resin, a solid and very concentrated form of cannabis extract, usually sold in the form of sticks or balls. Users break off pieces, roll them in tobacco papers and smoke them.
Claudet believes the best way to decrease the number of pediatric marijuana intoxication cases in France is to decrease the concentration of THC in cannabis through regulation.
"And we have to also warn consumers and parents that it could be very dangerous for children to eat such products," she said. "Because usually, parents think it's not very harmful because they're smoking it, and it relaxes them. But if a child ingests one stick or ball, they can become comatose."
What about children in the US?
Recreational marijuana is legal in eight US states and the District of Columbia, and medical marijuana is legal in 29 states and D.C. Cannabis product trends in the United States are quite different from those in France, though high concentration of THC is still a concern, especially in edible products.
"The results of this Pediatrics study also makes sense with what we've been seeing in Colorado. With the marijuana industry increasing, there are a lot of new products, a lot of concentrated products, that people vape or ingest, like the edible products, that are high in THC," said Dr. G. Sam Wang, a pediatric toxicologist at Children's Hospital Colorado in Aurora.
"And so we've been seeing a lot of kids who are more symptomatic and more intoxicated," said Wang, who was not involved in the French research.
Wang has conducted several studies of US trends in pediatric marijuana intoxication, as well as trends in Colorado.
He found that in states where recreational or medical marijuana is legal, the number of pediatric marijuana intoxication cases reported to poison control centers increased by 30% each year from 2005 to 2011. Children in states where marijuana was legal had more severe symptoms and were more likely to be admitted to a critical care unit compared with those in states where marijuana was not legal.
In his Colorado study, Wang found that in the two years leading up to when recreational marijuana became legally available for purchase in 2014 and the two years after, rates of marijuana exposure cases in children increased. On average each year, there was a 34% increase in calls to poison control centers about marijuana exposures in Colorado and a 19% increase across the US. Forty-eight percent of the cases in Colorado were attributed to the ingestion of an edible marijuana product.
Wang said the higher number of cases in states where marijuana is legal can in part be attributed to the increased availability of marijuana products and the attractiveness of edible product labels, which often look like normal candy or cakes to a child.
"Usually, kids get into things that become more available, and usually, that happens when it's a household product, like those laundry detergent pods, which were attractive," Wang said. "It's kind of the same situation with marijuana, where we think in states with legal marijuana, probably more households have it in their home, especially the food or edible marijuana products with bright labels, that makes it easier for kids to get into them."
The US National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, or NORML, says that it is concerned about the inadvertent ingestion of cannabis products by children in both the US and France but that more regulation could help provide a solution: "It is our contention that the frequency of these incidences can be mitigated by the imposition of stricter regulatory controls, such as more stringent and overt product labeling and by limiting such products to single serving sizes."
Wang believes the key to ensuring the safety of children living around marijuana products is a combination of outreach and education. He tells parents to treat the marijuana like any other prescription or over-the-counter drug and keep it out of reach of children.
"Parents need to understand that kids can actually get sick from this stuff," he said.
Several states with legal recreational marijuana, including Colorado, Oregon and Washington state, have also made child-resistant packaging a requirement for certain products.
Wang thinks this is also a step in the right direction, especially as other states or countries may be looking to legalize marijuana.
"They need to think about the unintended consequences of legalization, such as marijuana intoxication in children. So whether that's education, packaging regulations, dose regulations," he said. "Colorado had some of that in the beginning of legalization, but we also made mistakes. But I'm hoping that other places can learn from those mistakes and implement programs or rules at the outset."
Very small aperture terminal (VSAT) is a communication system that is operated through the satellite. It serves businesses and domestic users. The end-user of a VSAT requires a box that interfaces an outside antenna with the user's computer with the help of a transceiver. The transceiver sends the received signal to a satellite transponder in the sky. The satellite receives and sends the signal that comes from the earth's station's computer which acts as a core for the system. Each end-user is connected with the core station with the help of a satellite connected in the form of a star topology. For the end-users to connect with each other, each transmitted first goes to the hub station, which is then re-transmitted to the receiving end-user's VSAT via the satellite. VSAT handles video, voice and data signals. With the help of VSAT, companies can have complete control of their communication systems, without depending on other IT companies. Domestic users and businesses also can get higher speed than regular telephone services.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/enterprise-vsat-market.html
The global enterprise VSAT market has been segmented on the basis of categories, hardware & services, and geographies. On the basis of categories, the market has been segregated into products and services. The services segment accounted for a dominant market share in 2015. This is attributed to clinics and hospitals enabled with satellite broadband services, which help them maintain direct two-way data exchange and communication. In addition, satellite broadband services also help security agencies and intelligence services improve their data analysis systemsthat help them in deciphering the information more accurately.Government agencies as well as maritime and military sectors are major end-users of VSAT as a service. Therehas been continued demand from this segment, which is driving the market. On the basis of hardware & services, the global market for enterprise VSAT has been divided into ARUP VSAT terminals and ASP VSAT terminals.
A major driverfor the growth of the global market for enterprise VSAT is the provision of practical, cost-effective solutions for individual end-users, who require a self-regulating communications network through which a number of remote sites are connected. In addition, the VSAT network offers satellite-based, value-added services such as voice/fax communication, LAN services, data transmission, and internet access along with public and private network communications. Emerging technologies such as high throughput satellite (HTS) technology is a major restraint to the growth of the global enterprise VSAT market. Service providers are likely to integrate their current operations with these emerging technologies.
Geographically, the global market for enterprise VSAT has been segregated into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa, and Latin America.North America held the dominant share of the global market in 2015.The market in the region is projected to witness steady growth during the forecast period. This is attributed to high adoption of satellite services for various applications such as inspection of historical monuments, vegetation identification, volcano monitoring, and disaster management in case of stormsand hurricanes. The market in Asia Pacific is estimated to witness speedy growth during the forecast period, owing to increase in government initiatives to connect schools and colleges in countries such as India, China, and Australia.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=19814
Major players operating in the global enterprise VSAT market include Gilat Satellite Networks(Petah Tikva, Israel), Hughes Communications (Maryland, the U.S.), SageNet (Oklahoma, the U.S.), ViaSat Inc. (California, the U.S.), VT iDirect (Virginia, the U.S.), Comtech Telecommunications Corp. (New York, the U.S.), Bharti Airtel (New Delhi, India), Embratel (Rio de Janeiro, Brazil), ND SatCom GmbH (Baden-Württemberg, Germany), NewSat (Melbourne, Australia), Newtec (Sint-Niklaas,Belgium), Orion Satellite (Perth, Australia), Polarsat (Quebec, Canada), Primesys Solucoes Empresariais (São Paulo, Brazil), Signalhorn (Stuttgart, Germany), SpeedCast (Wanchai, Hong Kong), SkyCasters (Ohio, the U.S.), Tatanet Services (Mumbai, India), Telefónica, S.A (Madrid, Spain), and Telesat Holdings (Ontario, Canada).
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
A group of men who were sexually abused in schools as children gathered at Leinster House on Wednesday ahead of a Dáil debate on whether the State is liable for their abuse.
In 2014 Louise O'Keeffe brought a case to the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) which found the State had a duty of care towards her when she was abused at her Kinsale school in 1973 and that it was liable for what she suffered.
The State agreed to set up a redress scheme which would make settlements of up to €84,000 to people with cases similar to Ms O'Keeffe's.
However, the scheme was limited to cases where there had been a prior complaint against the abuser, ie that someone else had made a complaint against them which wasn't acted upon.
John Allen and several other abuse survivors are campaigning to have the “prior complaint” clause dropped from the redress scheme.
On Monday evening Mr Allen and members of his campaign group, Victims of Child Abuse in Day Schools (VOCADS), met politicians including Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin and Minister for State for Disability Finian McGrath ahead of a debate on the issue.
Convicted abusers
VOCADS represents survivors of abuse in schools whose abusers have been convicted.
The Dáil will vote on Thursday on whether to remove the clause from the scheme which would open the way for about 180 people to seek redress.
The Government argues they cannot dispense with the prior complaint clause as it was set by the ECHR following the O'Keeffe case.
“The prior complaint puts the onus on me to show someone else was abused before me,” Mr Allen said.
Campaigners argue the Carrigan Report in 1931 demonstrated to the Government that sexual abuse was rife in schools and that this qualified as “prior complaint”.
Mr Allen said he was confident of winning the vote. “The fear is they won't implement it.
“The State, instead of standing next to us, have stood in front of us and blocked us and said we will not vindicate your constitutional right under Article 40, the right to bodily integrity.”
The programme aims to help those who have difficulty getting access to education
The Vodafone Foundation has expanded its education programme to benefit more than five million children in sub-Saharan Africa with limited access to education.
The ‘Instant Schools For Africa' campaign aims to provide children across the Democratic Republic of Congo, Ghana, Lesotho, Mozambique and Tanzania with access to online learning. Children, young people and educators will get free unlimited access to the campaign. It is also available offline to help support those without internet access. A similar campaign in South Africa has already benefitted 215,000 children, claimed the operator.
Vodafone has developed the latest programme in partnership with charity Learning Equality. Subjects in the campaign include maths and science, with levels ranging from primary to secondary school standard. The network claims sub-Saharan Africa has the lowest rate of primary school enrolment, with 34 million children out of primary school.
Vodafone Foundation Director Andrew Dunnett, said: “From refugee camps to remote parts of Africa with few schools, connectivity gives children the opportunity for a better future. Instant Schools For Africa has the potential to transform the lives of millions of children excluded from education, giving them free access to the same materials used by children in developed markets to help them achieve their ambitions.”
Amy Beth Bennett-Pool/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — Florida Judge Elizabeth Scherer has found Nikolas Cruz to be indigent and the 19-year-old will keep his public defender, the State Attorney's Office told ABC News today.
Cruz is accused of fatally shooting 17 students and staff of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, on Feb. 14.
This is a breaking news story. Please check back for updates.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anthony Joshua has denied taking steroids in response to Joseph Parker's accusation ahead of their heavyweight unification fight that he uses performance-enhancing drugs.
The unbeaten rivals clash at Cardiff's Principality Stadium on March 31 when Joshua's IBF and WBA belts will be at stake against the WBO crown held by Parker.
In a radio interview given in his native New Zealand on Monday, Parker called his opponent the "king of steroids", adding "if you are that big and that muscly, there's something wrong" and "there are a lot of ways you can dodge drug testing".
AJ, meanwhile, has been busy posting snaps of himself on Instagram - including one of him chowing down on his breakfast, which seemed to comprise of only fresh fruit.
In the build up to the clash, the 28-year-old has revealed what he eats for breakfast with the Watford-born boxer opting for a healthy fruit platter.
In the snap posted onto his official Instagram, Joshua is seen chomping down on some grapes, raspberries, banana, kiwi and melon accompanied by a green smoothie.
"I've heard so much in boxing trash talk that nothing's new any more. It's a fairly serious charge to make. Can I sue Parker?! No, I'm joking," Joshua said.
"I know my records are clean. Every time I'm tested, and I know what I've paid to be voluntarily tested. That's why I don't bite at what he says.
"If I'm not clean, you'll find out during this fight. If I haven't been clean for all my other fights, you'll see me struggle against Parker because anything I have been taking will be out of my system.
"You'll find out in this fight whether I'm the super-human or I've got something pushing on this super-human power that he claims I have."
When the issue of Tyson Fury's back-dated ban for drug-taking was raised, Joshua stressed that the implications of using steroids in boxing extend beyond the ethical.
The British rivals are on a collision course if Fury is granted a boxing license and makes a successful comeback having served the retrospective suspension issued by UK Anti-Doping and dispelled more than two years of inactivity.
"If it was me I'd get a lot more stick. Fury's lucky. It's not good because in this sport your life is on the line," Joshua said.
"Anything to do with that type of stuff you have to be careful. People's lives are on the line.
"It's not like a game of golf where it's just the minds. This is physical and there's real damage. It's a shame people get caught up in that kind of stuff."
Parker, who has won all 24 of his fights and amassed 18 knockouts, adopted a far more diplomatic tone when meeting Joshua for the first time on Tuesday.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Instead, Higgins took on the role of antagonist by leaping on Joshua's knockdowns as an amateur and by Wladimir Klitschko as evidence he is vulnerable, adding that the 28-year-old from Watford has "mental weaknesses".
"Do you know what I learned when I was dropped in the Klitschko fight? That it will take more than a human stop me from getting where I'm destined to be," Joshua said.
"I've learned not to walk with sight on this journey, but with faith. The rumours that you have heard are fake news, hand on heart. I've learned from adversity and through going through the storm.
"I'm not into the verbals. I'd fight him in the car park for free, it doesn't matter to me. That's what a fighter's mindset is."
WEST POINT, N.Y. (AP) — Simone Askew marched into history Monday as the first black woman to lead the Long Grey Line at the U.S. Military Academy.
After an early morning 12-mile march back to the grey stone academic complex with 1,200 new cadets she led through the rigors of basic training at “Beast Barracks,” the 20-year-old international history major from Fairfax, Virginia, assumed duties as first captain of the 4,400-member Corps of Cadets. That's the highest position in the cadet chain of command at West Point.
“It's humbling, but also exciting as I step into this new opportunity to lead the corps to greatness with my teammates with me,” a beaming Askew, still in camouflage fatigues from her march, told reporters.
As first captain, Askew is responsible for the overall performance of the Corps of Cadets. Her duties also include implementing a class agenda and acting as a liaison between the cadets and the administration.
“Simone truly exemplifies our values of Duty, Honor, Country,” said Brig. Gen. Steven W. Gilland, commandant of cadets.
“I can't believe this has happened in my lifetime,” said Pat Locke, one of two African American women in the first class of women to graduate from West Point in 1980. “When I entered the Academy in 1976, the men did not want us there. Now 40 years later, everybody recognizes the talent and skills women bring to the game.”
Gen. Vincent K. Brooks, commander of U.S. Forces Korea, was West Point's first African American first captain in 1979. The first female in that role, in 1989, was Col. Kristin Baker, now commander of the Joint Intelligence Operations Center Europe, Analytic Center.
Women make up about 20 percent of cadets, who are usually commissioned as first lieutenants in the Army upon graduation. The academy created a diversity office in 2014 with the goal of recruiting more women and African Americans and increasing diversity among department heads and other leaders.
Pam Askew, of Fairfax, says her daughter is a natural born leader with incredible drive.
“That leadership is something I've seen throughout her life — wanting to be first, wanting to be the best, wanting to win, in sports, in academics, in every aspect of her life,” Askew said. “And to serve others, as well.”
Askew's appointment comes a year after a photo of 16 graduating black female cadets raising their fists drew criticism from online commentators who accused them of supporting the Black Lives Matter movement. Supporters said they were making a gesture of solidarity and accomplishment as graduation drew near. West Point investigated and determined they hadn't violated any Army rules.
“What that photo said to me was how few black women are graduating,” Locke said. “We average less than 20 African American women graduating each year out of a class of 1,000. And yet, out of that 20 we got a first captain. Isn't that amazing?”
Locke, a West Point volunteer who has been a mentor to Askew and other cadets, said she'll hold her up as a role model for girls when she holds workshops on leadership and academics at schools in inner cities around the country.
Asked for her advice to young people aspiring to excel, Askew said: “Allow yourself to be a vessel. Throughout my cadet career I've just really focused on being poured into, seeking advice, seeking development, leadership mentors wherever I could. Just truly be a vessel and be poured into.”
(WSVN) - When patients are hospitalized, they often rely on doctors there to prescribe powerful medication to stop their suffering. But a critical shortage of the vital drugs has hospitals scrambling. 7's Brian Entin investigates.
Diren Chetty has been through a lot over the last several months.
First, a car accident that put him in the hospital for weeks.
Diren Chetty, hurt in accident: “I had 12 broken ribs. A fractured bone in my spine.”
And a month later, Diren had a major stomach operation at a different hospital.
Both times, he says nurses told him they were running out of some pain medications.
Diren Chetty: “She came and she told me that she can't get the morphine because the pharmacy doesn't have any right now.”
Brian Entin: “What did you think?”
Diren Chetty: “I was like, you know, this is absurd.”
Hospitals are dealing with an opioid shortage.
Not pain “pills” — but the injectable, liquid versions of morphine, fentanyl and dilaudid are at critically low levels.
Dave Lacknauth, director of pharmacy services at Broward Health: “There are shortages of all three, yes. One day we can order a thousand, the next day it's two.”
It's a problem nationwide.
At Broward Health, pharmacists are having to come up with alternatives to the IV painkillers.
Dave Lacknauth: “We're probably seeing one of the worst times around shortages that I've ever seen in the history of being in pharmacy.”
Why the shortage? It's complicated.
There have been manufacturing setbacks and delays because of the government's push to more heavily regulate opioids.
And even if hospitals do get the IV drugs, there's another problem. Pharmacists call it “the perfect storm.”
Hurricane Maria damaged or destroyed many of the manufacturing plants in Puerto Rico where IV bags are made.
Dave Lacknauth: “So, when that supply doesn't get to us, we cannot let that patient go without treatment. So, we then have to put our health care heads together to figure out what is the alternative.”
All of the South Florida hospitals we've reached out to say they are combatting the shortage the same way by using alternative pain medications and constantly training doctors on those new medicines. What is most troubling, the hospitals say, is they haven't been given a timeline on when the shortages will end.
Diren Chetty: “How can you be short for a whole country?”
Last week, because of the shortage, the DEA eased some of their restrictions on opioid production. But relief for hospitals is still months away.
CONTACT 7INVESTIGATES:
305-627-CLUE
954-921-CLUE
clue@wsvn.com
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp insists he will not sacrifice quality over quantity despite suffering a ‘world record amount of setbacks' since joining Birmingham City.
The 70-year-old wants reinforcements to top up his threadbare squad and give Blues the best possible chance of mounting a promotion push.
Bringing players in has been difficult so far as a number of targets have slipped away at the last-minute in favour of bigger moves.
Clearly Redknapp is frustrated but he reserved praise for his current crop who recorded a 2-1 win against Bristol City on Saturday.
And after landing striker Isaac Vassell from League Two side Luton Town, he stressed he would not panic-buy as the close of the transfer window draws near.
“I've been close to getting so many in this summer - I must have broke the world record for being close!
“We're trying because we know we need to strengthen.
“And (missing out on players) is not through a lack of effort.
“We have certainly tried.
“But we've had loads of meetings and then we can't get anywhere.
“Players have said, yes I'm coming and then they go somewhere else.
“It's the way it's been.
“We've gone in for good players and getting those in through the door is difficult because there is always competition for them.
“We've found it hard to get them into the Championship.
“Maybe we've been aiming high.”
So is it a case of the club not being a big enough pull for the players Redknapp has targeted, or are the wages on offer elsewhere just simply too good to turn down?
“This is what it's like, it's got tougher," he admitted.
“If they get an opportunity to go to a big Turkish club with big money or somewhere like that, they go...
“We have aimed very high because we want players to take the club forward.
“Anyone can buy six or seven bang average players but we didn't want to do that.
“But the players we've gone for we just haven't quite been able to get them over the line.”
Despite all of that, Redknapp is enjoying his time at St Andrew's and happy to return for another home clash against Bolton Wanderers tomorrow night.
“I've enjoyed it here. The people are great and I just want to be successful now.
“It's the only thing that makes me get up a 5.15am every morning is that I want to be successful.
“I was delighted with the lads on Saturday, to pull off a win against a very good Bristol City side, to go 1-0 down and then win with ten men, it was great.
“Now we've got Bolton and we want to continue where we left off.”
CASPER — On May 28th, 2018 a fatal crash occurred at milepost six on Highway 257 near Casper, Wyoming. At 6:35 p.m., Wyoming Highway Patrol troopers were dispatched to the area for a one-vehicle rollover.
A 1969 Pontiac GTO was traveling northbound on Highway 257 when the vehicle exited into the northbound right of way. The driver over-corrected, which resulted in the vehicle entering back onto the highway.
The vehicle then crossed both lanes of travel and entered into the southbound right of way before it overturned one and a half times, coming to a rest on the vehicle's roof. The driver succumbed to his injuries on scene. Speed and alcohol use are being investigated as possible contributing factors to the crash
Advertisement - Story continues below...
The driver has been identified as 65-year-old Casper, Wyoming resident Gary Stewart.
This is the 39th fatality on Wyoming's highways in 2018 compared to 39 in 2017, 24 in 2016, and 49 in 2015 to date.
Victor Ponta: “It stands for some values of the modern European social democracy, the centre-left, which have been abandoned by my previous party and a lot of not only young people but pro-European citizens in Romania are looking for this kind of new politics and we hope to be successful because it's a big struggle.
“My ex-party has slipped to an ideology and policies that are very close to those promoted by Mr Orban in Hungary.
“We just hope to bring back on the European track Romania and Romanian politics.”
It's just a rebranding of the ruling party, PSD, isn't it? How is it different?
“It's not actually. We've just had a very harsh reaction from the new leadership of my former party. As I was telling you because they slipped so much on the extremes and they are following those policies which you have already been confronted with in Hungary and some politics from Poland.
“That's why we want to keep the ground on the pro-European centre-left and we are very committed to fight for it."
How ambitious are you for the party, what can you realistically achieve at the next election?
“Realistically we will first have the European elections next spring, then presidential and then parliamentary [elections] in 2020.
“We are just building this alternative party and of course I'm not so optimistic to say we will win the next election but we will play a very important role in keeping Romania on the European path."
And you might have to form a coalition with your former party?
“For the time being this is not on the table but I'm ready to do it as soon as a new leadership of my former party will bring them back on this progressive, modernising European path which has been abandoned lately."
I understand there have been defections from the social democrats to your party and it's hit their majority in parliament. What impact might that have on Romania more generally?
“I have been trying to get around me a team formed mostly from the ex-cabinet people who I have been working within promoting modern policies. I understand very well that for being effective we need a team and we need to stand the ground for progressive policies."
“For the time being the new group has 12 MPs but maybe more people will join us as soon as they will have trust in our commitment.
“And then in the parliament we will try to change the majority in what regards the most important issues on the table, for example keeping the independence of the judiciary, fighting against this idea of the government to give up the private management pension fund, the idea of continuing IPOs [initial public offerings] and private management for state-owned companies.
“Policies that I have implemented as prime minister and that have been abandoned lately with this slip to radical, populist policies which are not promoted by my ex-party."
You were expelled from PSD. How much is PRO Romania about doing something genuinely different and how much is it just trying to get back at your former party?
“When I started the new project I was just saying very clearly — or as clearly as possible — that we want to have and to promote centre-left, pro-European policies. My former party is of course full of people who are looking very carefully at this new project. But also people that prefer to go back to the past, to go back to very populistic [sic], very unrealistic, very undemocratic and very unprogressive politics and I'm sure that it is just a matter of time until they will lose on this path to the past of Romania and people will understand that if we want to continue to develop, to progress as a European country we need to fight these ideas and not to always turn around to populistic policies."
When you say 'populistic policies' what are you referring to?
“I'm referring to this political speech that has been borrowed from Hungary and a bit of Poland. The idea that all the bad things are coming to Romania from Brussels, international companies and foreigners. My ex-party is now fighting for a referendum to go back to this tradition of family. Also the lack of stability and predictability in the fiscal rules. I was very much in favour — and I fought for — stable and predictable policies and that's why Romania not only respected the European standards of deficit and investment but also we have succeeded to be the fastest-growing economy. Now the idea that we do not continue with structural reforms, we do not continue to be competitive, we just bribe people to come and vote, sharing profits that are not sustainable, this is a very short-sighted policy and I think sooner or later we could go back to the bad times of economic and social crisis which we, unfortunately, we still remember from 2010 and 2011."
You say you're pro-European, aren't Romanians more concerned about jobs and good healthcare?
“Yes they are and that's why being pro-European is offered as a policy. When I was prime minister heading the government we increased economic reforms, jobs, salaries and decreased taxation. We made the Romanian economy very competitive. Now I see that this competitiveness is going down, that health and education have no more investments and the only focus of the government is how to stay in power and how to protect their leaders in front of different allegations."
Corruption is one of the key concerns for Brussels. Do you support the work of under-fire anti-corruption investigator Laura Kovesi?
“I did support her and I'm a former prosecutor. I did support the idea of an independent judiciary and as you know there are a lot of positive results but also negative ones. I'm the best example on this. I was accused of something, I just played by the rules, meaning I stood down from my position. I did not change the law, I went to the court and I was very happy to receive the decision of being absolutely clean and not guilty. But here it's very important to have a responsibility of politicians to accept this idea of political responsibility. Also prosecutors shouldn't try to be politicians and to make files only to be in the media. They should remain independent. But they should be more responsible in terms of professionalism and applying the rule of law."
So do you think Kovesi should be removed or not?
“She's going to finish her mandate and I just hope that the next chief prosecutor will be more effective and be less involved in politics."
You resigned as prime minister in 2015 after a nightclub fire linked to corruption. You've also been under investigation for corruption, but recently cleared. Nevertheless, won't Romanian voters see you as damaged goods?
“I think once again I've played by the democratic rules. I did not change the law. I did not attack the judiciary. I just spent all of my days in front of the judges and they decided I was innocent. I think this is a good example of independent judges applying the law. But it's also a good example that politicians and prosecutors should be responsible. Then corruption and the fight against corruption is one of the key issues in Romanian society but that should go hand-in-hand — and it is going hand-in-hand — with our potential to develop and our capacity to be a stable and predictable society. And to stand and remain or even play a much higher role on the European construction."
There have been rallies in Moldova about reunification with Romania. Where do you stand on this issue?
“I still consider all the people in the Republic of Moldova as our brothers. If they will, in the end, on the basis of a referendum, decide to reunite with us it would be an historic moment for our people. But we should not push this. First of all we should give a very honest hand for them to modernise their society and to improve the economy and to strengthen the institutions and to become ready to not only reunify with Romania but also to be part of the European Union. This is not the easy part, this takes time, money and effort and Romania and the Romanian people are ready to do it."
So the Moldovans have to want to unify with Romania and be in the EU?
“They have to reform their country and they have to be more competitive and a democratic society and it's our obligation as brothers and neighbours to help them make this road faster than they are doing now.”
If your favorite celebrity didn't show up on the Disney Channel at some point, then they definitely showed up on Nickelodeon. It's just the laws of Hollywood! (And some people, like Ryan Gosling, showed up on both, but Ryan Gosling is special.) Here, a look back at some of the best Nickelodeon cameos you might have forgotten.
In light of recent events, it's probably not that much of a surprise to see Donegal chancing their arm this week. Their recent statement in relation to the first weekend of the GAA's new football championship experiment, when they play Dublin in Croke Park on Saturday evening next, says that they hope to sit down with the GAA “to seek clarification on how any county may use a ground as both {a] neutral and a home venue”.
“The intention of the meeting is to ensure a level playing field for every team who will qualify for the All-Ireland quarter-final group stage and ensure that no team has any advantage over any other team.”
The fly in this ointment is that nowhere does the original motion that passed at Congress mention a neutral venue. It mentions one home game, one away game, and one game at Croke Park. This escaped many people's attention, including many of those of Congress apparently, but there it is.
Super 8s
It wouldn't be an issue if Dublin hadn't qualified for the Super 8s (a name that I know many in Croke Park aren't that wild about – maybe Donegal felt they'd have more chance of actually getting their meeting if they used the phrase “All-Ireland quarter-final group stage” in their statement).
But we can all say with a large degree of certainty that Dublin will be around for the next few iterations of whatever it is you want to call the upcoming round-robin phase – the GAA can hardly claim to be blind-sided by the recent upturn in Dublin's footballing fortunes.
Pretty much everyone else appears to be had been caught cold, however. As is repeatedly the case in the GAA, the outrage arrives far too late for anything to be done about it. And I think that's because we find it rather difficult to get outraged about the abstract.
But this particular outrage now has a name . . . and it's Donegal. It's very unfair on Donegal, isn't it? And it'll be just as unfair on Armagh or Roscommon, who have to play Dublin on their home/neutral/shared-with-the-Gaels-of-the-world ground in the last round of games. But that's not for another few weeks, so we can get annoyed about that later.
To be fair, Colm Parkinson of Joe.ie had peered into his crystal ball, was able to predict that Dublin would in fact scrape into the Super 8s, and was asking Paraic Duffy about the unfairness of Dublin playint two games in their home ground last September. But it just all seemed so . . . far away. I'm sure that'll work itself out, we might have said, going against all known form.
This Donegal statement didn't happen in a vacuum, of course. They were no doubt emboldened by Kildare's success in bringing Mayo to Newbridge last Saturday (and then going on and illustrating the benefit both of home advantage and a cause to defend on the pitch).
Also thrown into the mix was the Leinster hurling final replay being fixed for Thurles, and then Waterford's situation in the Munster hurling championship, when they weren't allowed to move their “home” games out of the province, was also thrown into the hopper. It seemed as if the GAA couldn't put a foot right, all of a sudden.
Kildare
The GAA certainly made a rod for its own back in Waterford by making the decision, but the Leinster hurling final being played in Thurles is not unfair. It might not be all that logical. It might not have been necessary to move it out of the province. But it's not unfair. No team gains an advantage by it being played there.
Kildare were right to put their foot down last week because they had won the right to play that game at home. Similarly, in the interest of fairness, every team in the Super 8s gets one home game, one away game, and one game where neither side has home advantage – basically, the neutral round that wasn't called a neutral round in the original motion, because it stipulated that those games be played in Croke Park.
Dublin fans, and ex-players like Alan Brogan, pointing out that Croke Park is not Dublin's home ground, are living in make-believe. If you play all your home league games in a ground, that's your home ground.
Brogan tried to make the qualification that Dublin didn't train in Croker, therefore it couldn't be their home ground. But lots of counties don't train on their nominated home ground – they have centres of excellence for that. To argue otherwise is to insult the intelligence of your audience.
This doesn't tarnish Dublin's legacy, as Jim McGuinness suggested. But it further tarnishes the idea of fairness. Nothing will happen this year, because we only recently figured out who was getting screwed here. But if Galway and Kerry can meet in a neutral venue, then so can Dublin and Donegal.
The School Feeding Field Monitors of a Non-Governmental Organisation, Connecting Gender for Development (COGEN), on Wednesday alleged that teachers are taking the rations meant for pupils in some schools in Kaduna State.
Ms Rachael Musa, one of the monitors said during a Town Hall Meeting on the Federal Government's Homegrown School Feeding Programme in Kafanchan, Jema'a Local Government, said the ration do not usually go around.
Musa also said although every child was supposed to be given an egg once week, the eggs do not usually go round because of short supply.
Similarly, Mr Monday John, another monitor alleged that some politicians were collecting money from food vendors on the ground that they were not members of the ruling All Progressive Congress.
John also said that some members of the Peoples Democratic Party have equally stopped their children from eating the food, saying it could be poisoned.
He described the development as serious, and urged those involved to stop the act so as not to sabotage the programme.
Mrs Esther Gushe, Assistant Head Teacher, Aduwan III Primary School, confirmed that eggs were always in short supply in her school.
Mr Yakubu Kyari, the Desk Officer of the programme in the local government, said he receives between 300 and 400 crates of egg weekly instead of the 730 crates for the 177 schools in the area.
Kyari said teachers eating up food meant for pupils have been warned to desist from the act or risk sanction.
COGEN Head of Programmes, Mr Ebenezer Omolekun, told the town hall meeting that findings by the NGO revealed that one egg is being shared for between two to four pupils in 46 schools, while two pupils share juice and biscuit in 26 schools.
He explained that the meeting with the theme, “Together We Can Build Our LGA and Make it More Prosperous” was primarily organised to mobilise communities and stakeholders to monitor the implementation of the school feeding programme.
He explained that COGEN, with support from MacArthur Foundation is tracking the programme in 60 schools, 20 each in Kaura, Jema'a, and Zangon Kataf Local Government Areas.
He said that the goal was to ensure successful implementation of the programme in promoting learning, enrolment, retention and completion of primary schools by pupils.
The official said that similar town hall meetings were organised in Kaura and Zangon Kataf to enlist community support in monitoring the programme.
“What we want is to ensure transparency, accountability and responsiveness by all stakeholders involved in the programme,” Omolekun said.
Also speaking, the Chairman of the Local Council Mr Peter Averik, commended the NGO for supporting the Federal Government initiative and pledged their support “because the programme is for the benefit of
our children and our community.”
Also, Mr Hosea David, District Head of Ambam Kaninkon, commended the NGO for creating the needed awareness on the programme and enlisting their support to ensure success.
Four hundred and twenty schools in the state are being tracked by five NGOs with support from Macarthur Foundation. (NAN)
The World Health Organization (WHO) says more than 500,000 people have been affected by Cholera in war torn Yemen since the epidemic broke out in late April, as the waterborne disease has killed nearly 2,000 others in the impoverished nation during the past four months.
According to a statement released by the United Nation health agency on Monday, a total of 503,484 cases, suspected to be infected with Cholera, and 1,975 deaths, attributable to the outbreak, were documented during the period in Yemen.
Caused by ingestion of food or water contaminated with the bacterium Vibrio cholerae, cholera infection first became epidemic last October and spread until December when it dwindled, but only to worryingly resurface again in late April.
The statement added that the overall caseload had decreased considerably since July, but warned that the disease was still infecting an estimated 5,000 people each day.
“The spread of cholera has slowed significantly in some areas compared to peak levels but the disease is still spreading fast in more recently affected districts, which are recording large numbers of cases,” it further said, adding that more than 14 million Yemenis remain cut off from clean water and sanitation, and waste collection has no longer been carried out in major cities.
The agency went on to say that around 30,000 critical health workers had not been paid salaries during the past year and critical medicines were lacking.
“These doctors and nurses are the backbone of the health response – without them we can do nothing in Yemen. They must be paid their wages so that they can continue to save lives,” said Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, WHO Director-General.
Since March 2015, Yemen has come under heavy airstrikes by Saudi Arabia's fighter jets as part of a brutal campaign against the Arabian Peninsula country in an attempt to crush the popular Houthi Ansarullah movement and reinstall the former president, Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, a staunch ally of Riyadh. More than 12,000 people have been killed since the onset of the invasion and much of the country's infrastructure has been ravaged in Saudi airstrikes.
The relentless aerial aggression has put well more than half of all health facilities in Yemen in a state of complete or partial shutdown. Furthermore, there are critical shortages in medical staff in over 40 percent of all districts, according to Yemen's Health Ministry.
Last year, Hadi, who has occupied Yemen's southwestern port city of Aden with the help of Riyadh, his loyalists and militia, moved the country's central bank from Sana'a to Aden, creating a growing economic crisis in the country.
Hadi claimed that Houthis, which is in control of large swaths of Yemen, including the capital, looted the bank; an allegation that was categorically rejected by the Houthis, who has been running state affairs and defending the nation against Saudi military campaign over the past two years.
The US and the UK have been providing the bulk of the military ordnance used by Saudi Arabia in the war. London has licensed 3.3 billion pounds worth of weapons since the beginning of Saudi war on Yemen.
Washington also sealed a multibillion arms deal with Riyadh when US President Donald Trump made his maiden visit abroad in May. The deal, which is worth $350 billion over 10 years and $110 billion that will take effect immediately, was hailed by the White House as a significant expansion of the security relationship between the two countries.
LOS ANGELES — The Los Angeles Dodgers placed right-hander Kenta Maeda and infielder Chase Utley on the 10-day disabled list on Wednesday.
Maeda was diagnosed with a mild left hip strain while Utley has a sprained left thumb. Right-hander Carlos Santana and ambidextrous pitcher Pat Venditte were recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City on Wednesday.
With Maeda headed to the disabled list, that makes four of the Dodgers' five starters from their opening-day roster are sidelined with an injury. Also on the DL are Clayton Kershaw (left biceps strain), Rich Hill (left middle finger blister) and Hyun-Jin Ryu (left groin strain). Kershaw is expected to return from the DL on Thursday and start against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Utley has just one start since May 22 and is in an 0-for-14 slump. Since getting two hits against Cincinnati on May 10, Utley is 2 for 29 over a 12-game stretch. He is batting just .137 over 51 at-bats in May.
Maeda was removed from his start Tuesday against the Phillies in the second inning. He received a visit on the mound from the team's medical staff on consecutive batters and came out of the game after striking out pitcher Jake Arrieta.
Manager Dave Roberts sounded optimistic that Maeda would miss just one start, but admitted that he would not rush his right-hander's return.
"I felt the sensation at the end of my last outing and worked on it between starts," Madea said through a team interpreter. "I thought I could pitch through it but as I was in a game situation, I felt it getting worse and worse and I think my teammates and coaches started to realize that."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Doug Padilla, The Associated Press
By Jay Akbar
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un unveiled his deadly Special Forces unit for the first time this weekend in an apparent show of force against US President Donald Trump.
The menacing and "highly trained" troops yelled patriotic slogans as they carried rifles fitted with grenade launchers through the streets of the Pyongyang during a military parade on Saturday, according to Daily Mail.
The crack team, said to be the best equipped in the Korean People's Army, had night vision goggles affixed to their helmets and handguns strapped to their chest.
"Once Supreme Commander Kim Jong-un issues an order they will charge with resolve to thrust a sword through the enemy's heart like lightning over Mount Paektu [the country's highest peak]," a broadcaster announced on North Korean state TV.
Its presence at this weekend's Day Of The Sun celebrations comes amid rising tensions with the United States and President Trump, who has refused to rule out a pre-emptive strike if Kim reaches for the nuclear button.
North Korea's Special Forces unit is on standby to defend the country from elite US soldiers who are practicing to "remove" Kim Jong-un from power should war arise, an analyst with South Korea's Yonhap news agency claims.
A Pentagon report singled out the soldiers as "among the most highly trained, well-equipped, best fed and highly motivated" forces in North Korea's army, CNN reported.
It said the highly secretive force, which is said to have carried out covert missions in South Korea, "appear designed for rapid offensive operations" and defence against foreign attacks.
Continued below.
Related Content North Korea on the agenda as Foreign Affairs Minister Murray McCully heads to Hawaii People Googling 'World War 3' more than ever Video Watch: Mike Pence highlights the importance of the joint US-South Korean mission
The report went on to say the Special Forces "operate in specialized units, including reconnaissance, airborne and seaborne insertion, commandos and other specialties".
It also predicted that North Korea was "committed to developing a long-range, nuclear-armed missile that is capable of posing a direct threat to the United States".
In Saturday's parade celebrating the 105th birthday of North Korean founder Kim Jong-ul, his grandson also unveiled a "game-changing" ballistic missiles which Pyongyang claims can travel thousands of miles.
The intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM) heightened fears the reclusive state is preparing for a possible attack on Washington.
They were revealed as Kim Jong-Un warned of deploying them for an an "annihilating strike" if the US attacks his country.
The two new kinds of ICBM were enclosed in canister launchers mounted on the backs of trucks as they were paraded in front of cheering crowds.
Pyongyang has yet to formally announce it has an operational ICBM but experts believe they the new rockets could be liquid-fuelled intercontinental ballistic missiles, or an early prototype.
Submarine-launched ballistic missiles were also on show for the first time, indicating an improving technological capability that could help it evade anti-missile systems.
Meanwhile a gleeful looking Kim, wearing a Western-style suit as he stood over Kim Il-sung Square, saluted formations of soldiers who yelled, "Long live!", to their despotic ruler.
Kim has accused President Donald Trump of provoking his nation with a series of increasingly aggressive moves, including sending the USS Carl Vinson to the Korean peninsula.
One of Kim's top officials, Choe Ryong Hae, today vowed North Korea would "beat down enemies with the power of nuclear justice".
US Vice President Mike Pence today warned the "era of patience" with Kim Jong-un is over and insisted America's commitment to South Korea is "iron-clad".
Pence, speaking in the perilous Demilitarized Zone separating North and South Korea, reiterated that "all options are on the table" to deal with the threat posed by Pyongyang.
After travelling to the region with his family, Pence said Donald Trump is hopeful that China will now use its "extraordinary levers" to pressure the North to abandon its nuclear and ballistic programme.
This morning he warned Kim Jong-un not to "test the resolve" of the US President and insisted any use of nuclear weapons by the secretive state would be met with "an overwhelming and effective response".
The visit came shortly after a failed North Korean missile launch that some claim may have been "thwarted by cyberattacks from the US."
Trump has ordered a naval strike group, led by the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier, to the region, though the vessels remain a long way from the peninsula.
But this morning, Japanese media claimed both China and Russia had dispatched intelligence-gathering vessels from their navies to chase the "armada" amid mounting concern over the US deployment.
The claims were made by multiple sources of the Japanese government, according to The Yomiuri Shimbun.
- Daily Mail
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. — Lane Kiffin isn't sticking around to run Alabama's offense in the national championship game, bringing an end to a successful but sometimes tense three-year pairing with Crimson Tide coach Nick Saban.
Saban said Monday that Kiffin will leave to focus on his new job as Florida Atlantic's head coach. Incoming offensive coordinator Steve Sarkisian will replace him for the Jan. 9 game against Clemson in Tampa, Florida.
Kiffin and Saban said they made the decision after meetings following the Peach Bowl win over Washington.
“We appreciate all that Lane has done for our football program over the last three years,” Saban said. “We sat down following the Washington game and talked about the time demands of managing both jobs, and we recognized that it is best for our players, and for Lane, that we allow him to turn his full attention to his new head coaching role at FAU.
“This wasn't an easy decision and we appreciate the way Lane handled this in terms of doing what is best for our team. At the end of the day, both of us wanted to put our players in the best position to be successful.”
Sarkisian, who was fired from USC last season, had already been announced as Kiffin's successor. He's been working as an offensive analyst for the Tide since the week after the opener against the Trojans and now has only a week to prepare for the national title game.
Kiffin said it became apparent over the last couple of weeks that it would be better for both programs if he focused solely on the Florida Atlantic job. After meeting with Saban Sunday night and Monday morning, “We mutually decided that it was in everyone's best interests for the players and the program for Coach Sarkisian to take over all responsibilities as offensive coordinator for the championship game.”
“This was a very difficult decision, but it's a decision made in the best interests of the program,” Kiffin said. “I look forward to helping Alabama win another championship, and would like to thank Coach Saban, the staff, and all the players and fans for the past three years at UA for an unforgettable time and championship run. Roll Tide!”
Saban hired Kiffin months after his firing at USC — famously at the airport after a late-night flight back from a game. The position gave him the chance to revitalize his career.
The pairing worked well on the field, when the Tide won three Southeastern Conference titles and earned a shot at a second national championship. But it was often tense.
Saban could be seen a number of times on the sidelines giving Kiffin an earful during games.
Kiffin was asked before the Peach Bowl if he could recall the happiest moment with Saban in a game.
“I don't recall a happy moment,” he said, adding that he only remembers the many times he was chewed out. “I won't take that part of the process with me, though.”
Moderator Angie Slavenans, Managing Director Universal consulting (left), with panellists — Fahed Salem Al Wahedi, Capt Adil Al Maazmi, Brian Hait, Hassan Armaneh, Hamed Al Raisi and Youssef Bouslikhane during the Middle EastSulphur 2017 conference in Abu Dhabi yesterday.
Abu Dhabi: Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (Adnoc) plans to double production of sulphur in the coming decade on the back of growing demand in local and foreign markets, a senior official said on Monday.
It is also targeting new markets in Africa, Asia, South America and Australia.
“Today, we produce 6 million tonnes of sulphur per year but over the coming decade we expect this number to almost double,” said Omar Suwaina Al Suwaidi, gas management director at Adnoc while speaking at the Middle East Sulphur conference.
He said they are trying to increase the volume of sulphur produced from the existing and upcoming sour gas processing facilities to meet the growing local energy needs and those of Adnoc's international customers.
“Not only will this further cement our position as the number one sulphur exporter, it will also make us the largest producer of sulphur in the world,” he added.
The company is also planning to enter into partnerships in markets importing its sulphur to manufacture phosphate based fertilisers in Africa, Asia, South America and Australia.
“Our partners will enjoy a reliable supply of competitively priced sulphur, backed by robust infrastructure and logistical networks. This will enable Adnoc to easily respond to market conditions, quickly and efficiently.”
Improve margins
Adnoc believes sulphur is a commercially viable commodity that offers the company opportunities to create added value from its resources and improve margins.
“In the lower for longer oil price environment, it is imperative to effectively manage costs and seize value opportunities where they arise,” Al Suwaidi said. “It is about unlocking the full potential of every single asset and maximising returns for Abu Dhabi, Adnoc and the nation.
A by-product of oil and gas industry, sulphur is widely used in agriculture as a fertiliser and also in the construction and in the industrial sector.
In the UAE, sulphur is produced at Habshan and Shah fields in the western region of Abu Dhabi. Adnoc is planning to expand the Shah gasfield to increase the sour gas processing by fifty per cent of the existing capacity of one billion cubic feet per day.
Al Suwaidi said the expansion of sulphur processing capabilities opens up new business possibilities for Adnoc to capitalise on.
“In addition to expanding our exports of sulphur we will support the development of a local sulphur products industry. This will not only generate additional revenue, it will also contribute to the UAE's strategic objective of diversifying the nation's economy.”
According to Dr Peter Harrison, a sulphur expert, the UAE is expected to become the biggest exporter of sulphur in the world by 2020.
“According to current forecasts, the UAE will continue to see supply growth throughout the next year with the region becoming an increasingly important origin for sulphur supply in the global market.”
The total production of sulphur in the world is estimated to be about sixty million tonnes, Dr Harrison said at the conference.
DEAR CAROLYN: I just got a Facebook friend request from an old classmate. This woman was my main tormentor in 8th grade, and while I managed to steer clear of her through much of high school, I still wince at some of the public humiliation she put me through. (I was not her only victim by any means.)
My first instinct is just to delete the request, but now I'm wondering if there's any reason to accept. I mean, it has been decades, and I assume she's not planning to pick up where she left off. Should I take the request itself as an olive branch? Or should I just let this be?
Return of the Mean Girl
Related Articles Carolyn Hax: I'm scared to try again for a baby but my husband is pushing
Carolyn Hax: Is it true that ‘once a cheater always a cheater,' even if he didn't cheat on you?
Carolyn Hax: Relative with anxiety says talking with friends is all she needs
Carolyn Hax: If I go to her wedding, I'm afraid he'll do this
Carolyn Hax: Making your peace with Cereal Night (and other parenting shortcuts) DEAR RETURN: There are no “shoulds” in baseball. If you don't want any part of this person ever again, then delete the request. This downside of Facebook, at least, we can bat away like a gnat.
Besides, it's possible she is just on some reunion committee.
Or she did the touch-screen equivalent of butt-dialing you. Butt-friending.
And/or she is the same kind of mean, only time-lapsed.
Even if it is a bona fide olive branch, remember too: Such an offer is largely for the benefit of the person offering it — to soothe a guilty conscience, presumably, but there could be some other motive — and so you're under zero obligation to accept it.
Still, there are other reasons to crack open this door. To witness a tormentor's regret can be healing in ways that surprise you even if you've imagined the scene for years. It can also help to treat her as someone you're not afraid of anymore.
So make a risk vs. reward calculation. What is the worst case — besides burning even this much of your remaining time on earth thinking about this — and what is the best? Then click as you see fit.
DEAR CAROLYN: I am 43 and I'm divorced, as is my boyfriend of four years. I've always struggled with his communication style. He talks constantly, in excruciating detail about boring topics, expecting active interest and comment from me. Yet many a time there is no active listening on his part at all, including flat-out silence and no acknowledgment that I've even said anything. Often he'll just start to talk about something else.
At the same time, he gushes about how much he loves me, and is extremely physically affectionate.
I like those aspects of our relationship, and it's kept us going for a long time, but the lack of substantive two-way conversation grates on my nerves.
We've spoken at length about this problem, but this seems very ingrained in his personality — a disability of some kind, I've often wondered.
How long should one stick around in a relationship that is great in some ways but excruciatingly boring and unfulfilling in others? A weekend away can quite literally be torture for me to sit through.
Bored
DEAR BORED: Stick around forever, or not for another day.
I know, I know, I'm sorry.
But there's no other answer. Only you can decide when you've hit the point where this pairing takes more from you than it gives.
Certainly you can try to change the terms — no travel, for one — but I don't recommend merely postponing your chance to find someone you actually like.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Toshiba shares plummet on new fears over future of business
Amir Khan and wife accuse HIS FAMILY of leaking his sex tape
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The wife of Amir Khan, Faryal Makhdoom, has posted a string of loved up videos of her and husband.
Faryal took to Snapchat to post the shots - including a close up of her ENORMOUS wedding and engagement rings.
The model, whose relationship with the boxer's family has been fraught with tension over the past few months, uploaded the touching tributes to their love on Tuesday.
Faryal showed off her huge diamond rings, which together are almost half the size of a human finger, with four diamond emojis on the caption.
She then documented the pair's plane ride to San Francisco, where Amir is taking part in a training camp.
A picture of two iced drinks were posted with the caption ‘Back to SF', with a video of Amir on the plane posted shortly after.
It was Faryal sharing her Valentine's wishes, with a video showing Amir on the plane looking sleepy and adorable with a little sticker of a pink bow on his head, before zooming in on his pretty eyelashes and lipstick from the Snapchat filter.
She captioned the clip ‘Happy Valentine's Day babe!! Lol'.
But that wasn't the end of it.
The couple did some face swap videos, Faryal stuck a banana filter on Amir's head so he had fruit for a face, and gave him her eyelashes.
She also shared a video of a young relative ‘praying in Medina for her uncle Amir to win his next fight.'
It comes after an intense period for the married couple after Amir's family criticised her for dressing immodestly and, as Faryal claims, even assaulted her - although no charges have been brought by police.
It comes after an intense period for the married couple after Amir's family criticised her for dressing immodestly and, as Faryal claims, even assaulted her - although no charges have been brought by police.
Last month, Khan appeared in his first TV interview since an alleged 'sex tape' showing the sports star was leaked.
The former world champion appeared, speaking to Philip Schofield and Holly Willoughby on This Morning, via a live link from San Francisco, in the US.
The clip, which has reportedly surfaced on a major US porn website, allegedly shows the former world champion boxer chatting with a female model on Skype.
Reports suggest the footage features an American woman and happened weeks after his wedding to Faryal in 2013.
Faryal even hinted that a family member could've leaked the explicit material.
I love this!! It's Christina Aguilera's turn to help James Corden "get to work." She joined James for Carpool Karaoke and had a little help from Melissa McCarthy! set list for their ride about L.A. included "Fighter," "Dirrty," "Genie in a Bottle," and "Beautiful." Corden asked Aguilera if she ever had a crush on Ryan Gosling when they co-starred on The Mickey Mouse Club as kids. "I think there were crushes, but I wasn't on the train," Xtina replied, adding that Gosling had a crush at the time on another co-star, Britney Spears.
Video of Christina Aguilera Carpool Karaoke - Extended Cut
Get Nuru massage by the world famous escorts from east and elite escorts in Dubai….And get your mind ,body and soul in elixir and relaxing mode.
Website:- http://dubaimassage101.com
Phone +971509579927
Anti-counterfeit printing technology is utilized widely in fields wherein fake making and infringement occurs frequently. Counterfeiting has become a worldwide epidemic and the dangers it poses are vast. Counterfeiting threatens public health through the production of inferior medicines, and foods and beverages; causes taxes to increase by sidestepping official channels; increases public spending by boosting law enforcement to counter the illicit trade; and raises the price of legitimate products as companies seek to recoup their losses. It affects currencies, negotiable securities, licenses, seals, etc.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/anti-counterfeit-printing-ink-market.html
Anti-counterfeiting products such as printing inks play an important role in curbing such activities. Anti-counterfeiting technology is a conventional ink anti-counterfeiting technology with strong adaptability, high technical level, and low cost. Anti-counterfeit ink offers some special physical and chemical properties of ink; most of these are used in ordinary ink to add special functional materials for anti-counterfeiting performance. Anti-counterfeit ink displays fluorescent nature.
In terms of type, the global anti-counterfeit printing ink market can be segregated into water based and UV curing. The UV curing segment is expected to expand during the forecast period. In terms of application, the global anti-counterfeit printing ink market can be segmented into government department, educational certificates, retail security, electronics brand protection, wine & spirit authentication, and others. Educational certificates and government department segments are anticipated to expand during the forecast period due to the increase in imitation activities in degree certificates.
In terms of region, the global anti-counterfeit printing ink market can be divided into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. The global anti-counterfeit printing ink market is estimated to expand at a significant pace during the forecast period.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24749
In terms of demand, North America is projected to be the dominant region in the market in the near future. The anti-counterfeit printing ink market in Asia Pacific and Latin America is also likely to witness substantial growth during the forecast period. Manufacture of inks for packaging offers promising opportunities to the global anti-counterfeit printing ink market. Companies need to develop a technology that can provide a lock-and-key approach for securing and authenticating packaging. However, anti-counterfeit technology cannot be applied in medicines, as security inks on packaging of medicines cannot provide assurance of the authenticity of contents.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
NZME's Newstalk ZB and Radio Sport will team up with TVNZ for exclusive live coverage rights of Team New Zealand's America's Cup defence in Auckland.
The announcement will come as a blow to MediaWorks, which is understood to have been hotly contesting the rights.
Newstalk ZB and Radio Sport, which have covered the America's Cup since 1983, has partnered with TVNZ and secured exclusive audio rights to the cup defence in March 2021.
The deal also extends to coverage of the preceding America's Cup World Series in 2019 and 2020, the Christmas Cup in December 2020 and the Prada Cup Challenger Selection series in January and February 2021.
Advertisement
Listeners will also be able to tune in on iHeartRadio to hear Emirates Team New Zealand defend the Auld Mug in the 36th America's Cup in Auckland.
TVNZ will screen all event races live on free to air television and streamed across its platforms.
NZME CEO Michael Boggs said the exclusive audio coverage meant New Zealanders would not miss a moment of the racing.
"We are incredibly excited to be offering exclusive radio commentary to New Zealanders for this series that unites the nation," he said.
"The teams are incredibly passionate about sharing every moment, every detail with listeners, from the second the challengers arrive on our shores until the cup is won.
"Our platforms mean Kiwis all over the country will be able to stay up to date with the events."
Radio Sport is New Zealand's only 24-hour sport station and last year delivered 1186 hours of live sport commentary.
Newstalk ZB is New Zealand's number one commercial radio station and NZME as a network reaches more than 3.2 million Kiwis.
TVNZ chief executive Kevin Kenrick said the state broadcaster would deliver viewers extensive cup coverage across TVNZ 1, DUKE and TVNZ OnDemand.
"The event returning to TVNZ brings to mind Peter Montgomery's iconic TV commentary – 'The America's Cup is now New Zealand's Cup' – because it brings the whole country together and as a nation we're really invested in the team's success," he said.
"We're going to push the boat out to make our coverage accessible to the biggest audiences so everyone feels part of the action.
"From the first boats hitting the water to the final cup race, we're committed to bringing New Zealanders every moment of the America's Cup. Every regatta and every race will be screened live and free across a range of platforms and devices."
Since the founding of the state, more than 700 new towns and cities have been built for Jews, while no new cities have been built for Arabs
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel is expected to visit Washington this week to meet with President Donald Trump, presumably to discuss the political philosophy they share: power through hate and fear. A government that bars refugees and Muslims from entering the United States has much in common with one that permits Israeli colonists to steal land from Palestinians, as a new law that Netanyahu's coalition pushed through Parliament last week did.
Like Trump, Netanyahu used blatant race-baiting tactics to win his last election, in 2015. Since then, he has made discrimination against Palestinian citizens of Israel central to his agenda. This takes many forms; a particularly painful one is his government's racist, unjust land use and housing policies.
Arabs in 1948 areas make up one-fifth of Israel's population, yet only 2.5 per cent of the state's land is under Arab jurisdiction. And since the founding of the state, more than 700 new towns and cities have been built for Jews, while no new cities have been built for Arabs. In Arab towns, the government has made building permits so difficult to obtain, and grants them so rarely, that many inhabitants have resorted to constructing new housing units on their properties without permits just to keep up with growing families that have nowhere else to go. As a result, Arab communities have become more and more densely populated, turning pastoral villages into concrete jungles.
In southern Israel, more than 100,000 Arabs in 1948 areas face a particular crisis. In the Naqab desert, known in Hebrew as the Negev, there are 35 villages that are officially “unrecognised” by the state. The residents of these unrecognised villages have Israeli citizenship, yet the state has refused to provide even basic services like water, electricity utilities, paved roads and schools.
Worse, because the Israeli government refuses to recognise these villages' existence, they all live under the shadow of demolition orders from the state. Residents never know when the police will come to evict them and bulldoze their homes. These policies have existed for decades, but Netanyahu has turned them into a political bludgeon. Several weeks ago, when it became clear that the government would be forced to implement an Israeli High Court ruling to evacuate Amona, an illegal colony in the occupied West Bank built on land stolen from Palestinians, Netanyahu vowed to destroy Arab homes throughout Israel in retribution.
The prime minister soon made good on his threat. That was why, a few weeks later, a huge force of armed police arrived to destroy homes in the unrecognised village of Umm Al Hiran. I first visited Umm Al Hiran not long after I had been elected secretary-general of the Hadash party. I spent several weeks living in the Naqab and took part in a non-violent protest against the demolition of another village, Al Araqib. I was beaten by police and arrested. I had to call my wife, Nardin, from jail.
After a long legal battle, the government has moved to destroy Umm Al Hiran so that a religious Jewish community can be built in its place. This new town would erase all traces of Arab presence, even replacing the town's name with the more Hebrew-sounding Hiran.
Grim farce
The residents suggested a compromise: Create an Arab neighbourhood within the new town so that their community could remain intact. The state rejected this idea: Hiran was to be for Jews only. A few weeks ago, I had reason to call my wife from the Naqab again. This time, I was in an ambulance on the way to the hospital. On January 18, as I stood with the residents of Umm Al Hiran, Israeli police who had arrived to demolish the village pepper-sprayed me and then shot me in the head and the back with baton rounds. These bullets, which are about 3 inches long and one-and-a-half inches in diameter, have a hard plastic base and a high-density foam tip. Supposedly non-lethal, they have caused numerous serious injuries, including skull fractures and eye loss, and have been associated with at least one fatality. In my case, the bullet missed my eye and only grazed my skull.
More grave, police actions that day resulted in two deaths: Yakoub Abu Al Qai'an, a math teacher from Umm Al Hiran, was shot and killed while driving, and Erez Levi, a police officer, was hit by Abu Al Qai'an's car after he was shot. Police put out a false narrative that this was a terror attack. The Joint List, the group I lead in the Knesset, Israel's Parliament, has called for a full inquiry into the day's events
In the Naqab, the state claims “planning irregularities,” trespassing or environmental concerns as justification for refusing to recognise the villages and for destroying them. This is a grim farce. The reality for Arabs in 1948 areas is Kafkaesque: The state refuses to create municipal plans to accommodate growing communities, and instead destroys homes that are built without permits it makes impossible to obtain. Is this a way for a state to treat its citizens? The government must meet the housing needs of Arab communities. I have proposed a two-year moratorium on demolishing illegally built homes, together with a public campaign to discourage illegal building. During that time, the state should create municipal plans for every Arab city and town and ensure that there is proper accommodation for expected growth.
This plan has the support of both relevant ministries. But Netanyahu is ignoring it, just as he ignores our proposal to recognise the Arab villages of the Naqab
Treating the Arab population as an enemy within is racist in itself, but it is also a political manoeuvre. Netanyahu knows that his opponents on the left will not regain power without cooperating with Arab parties. The opposition Labour Party knows this, too. But instead of acting with integrity, Labour has mimicked Netanyahu's strategy, treating us not as valued allies but as untouchables. The very existence of unrecognised villages is perhaps the most blatant example of the government's cruelty toward its Arab citizens. There is room enough for all of us, in the Naqab and throughout the state. In this moment, it is our moral responsibility to build a principled opposition strong enough to overpower the politics of hate and fear. I will continue to work toward a just and democratic shared future.
— New York Times News Service
Ayman Odeh, chairman of the Hadash party, leads the Joint List, the third-largest bloc in the Knesset, Israel's Parliament.
Seattle Police officers stood just outside Costco's back door waiting for a group of thieves to emerge on March 14, 2018. According to a statement from Seattle Police, “Loss Prevention officers inside the store recognized one of the suspects inside and said he had previously stolen items in the past and run out the fire exit.” Officers began to question a woman parked behind an emergency exit when they heard someone trying to open the emergency doors from inside the store. They then apprehended two additional suspects attempting to leave the store with roughly $2,200 in merchandise. One 30-year-old man, an 18-year-old woman, and a 21-year-old woman were all arrested in the incident.
WASHINGTON — A man arrested near the White House on Sunday morning is a former Memphis police officer who had an arsenal of weapons in his car and believed the CIA had implanted a chip in his head, according to court documents.
Timothy J. Bates, 37, of Collierville, Tenn., appeared in a District of Columbia court Monday morning on charges of illegally carrying a rifle or shotgun.
According to court documents, Bates was approached by uniformed members of the Secret Service on Sunday at the corner of 17th Street NW and Pennsylvania Avenue as he appeared to be publicly urinating. He told the officers he was trying to reach Defense Secretary James Mattis or NSA Director Mike Rogers “for advice on missing paychecks and how to get the dog chip out of my head.”
Bates gave officers permission to search his illegally parked car and they discovered nine firearms, including a Bushmaster assault rifle and a loaded AK-47.
According to testimony by the arresting officers detailed in the court documents, Bates told the Secret Service officers that he had been offered $28.7 million by the Department of Homeland Security and the state of Tennessee to participate in the CIA's “MK Ultra” program and that he had a chip planted in his head that was causing him “severe headaches, shaking and convulsions.”
Bates told the officers that he had driven from Tennessee to seek advice from Mattis and Rogers on how to remove the chip and recover the promised payment.
The court documents state that Bates is a former police officer who was “medically retired” in 2013 and that he was “involuntarily committed for mental health reasons” in February 2017.
It was not immediately clear if Bates had his own defense attorney.
The charge of illegally carrying a rifle is a felony with a statutory maximum of five years in prison and a fine of up to $5,000. The court documents state that Bates had been placed under observation for mental illness.
Q My legs and feet are very puffy and swollen after I run, like water retention at the end of the day. Quite tight, not quite a full cankle, but near enough. – Sarah Tucker
A: Love that word – cankle – and have not heard it in a long time, so thank you for that, Sarah. Wiktionary definition: (plural: cankles) (slang, pejorative) An obese or otherwise swollen ankle that blends into the calf without clear demarcation.
The last thing any woman desires is an obese pair of ankles. During these “summer” months – when the ankle gets maximum exposure – what it requires is the clearest demarcation from its attendant calf. The cankle is not the must-have summer accessory for the beach holiday or school fair. The prospect of a cankle is enough to turn any newbie away from the sport for good. So well done, Sarah, for soldiering on and asking for help.
You are most likely suffering from a very common side effect – edema – that afflicts many a newcomer to running. What has happened is that your muscles, as yet unused to such vigorous exercise, have been overexerted, resulting in an abnormal fluid build-up. It can happen in your thighs and calves as well, but build-up in the lower legs and feet is more common, simply due to gravity making it more likely for the fluid to pool there.
If you are in your 40s or over, overweight and out of condition, these factors will increase your risk of the dreaded cankle. The latter two risk factors will of course be reduced by your continued commitment to the sport: the more you run, the better your weight control will become, and the fitter you'll get – two great reasons to persevere.
Do talk to your doctor first to rule out any sinister causes (such as serious heart or vasculature problems). Once you get the nod from the doc, these five simple tips will help you stay on top of the swelling, so you can continue to run regularly and enjoy cankle-free legs all summer.
After a run:
1. Apply a cold or ice compress to the swollen areas for 20 minutes.
2. Elevate your feet on pillows at night and immediately following your run. Getting your feet above heart level passively drains excess fluid from your limbs (with gravity). And, let's face it, who doesn't want another legitimate reason to put their feet up right now, preferably outdoors and on a sun lounger?
3. Limit your daily salt intake. According to the American Heart Association's guidelines, we should aim for less than 1,500mg per day (equivalent to ¾ of a teaspoon). Be vigilant, because mind-boggling amounts of salt are added into processed foods such as supermarket pizzas, pies and ready meals, condiments, jars and sauces. Check labels, and try not to eat heavily processed foods if you can avoid them.
4. Make sure your running clothes are really loose. Restrictive clothing acts like an elastic band on the skin, preventing fluids from returning to the heart during exercise.
5. Apply support stockings on both feet and legs. They are available at most retail pharmacy stores. The gentle compression will help reduce swelling. Support stockings may not be the best summer look, but they beat a pair of cankles hands down.
The Grit Doctor says: Stick with the runs, Sarah, and afterwards, put your feet up
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
Triple doubles are nice, but Kiwi centre Steven Adams has again demonstrated how a big man can dominate a little man in the sport of basketball.
As his Oklahoma City Thunder capitulated 118-87 in the opening game of their NBA Western Conference playoff series against Houston Rockets, Adams stood his ground - literally - to send a message to his rivals.
I'm not backing down.
With the Thunder still only trailing by five points in the third quarter, Adams set a brutal mid-court screen for point guard Russell Westbrook, completing obliterating Rockets guard Patrick Beverley and helping set up a three-pointer for OKC forward Andre Roberson to narrow the margin.
Beverley, who is also known as one of the league's most physical backcourt defenders, stayed down for a few seconds and seemed to indicate he wanted to leave, but quickly gave a "thumbs up" and continued.
Pat Beverley "Steven Adams laid a good one on me" pic.twitter.com/soiDMaSr6Q — Jesse McKenzie (@OnTheMac) April 17, 2017
"Steven Adams sat a good one on me, but I'm a dog, so none of that matters," Beverley said, after the game. "I'll be alright."
Beverley had the last laugh, though, finishing the game with 21 points and 10 rebounds, while Adams had an otherwise quiet outing, scoring six points and grabbing five boards.
Westbrook led the Thunder with 22 points. 11 rebounds and seven assists, but was overshadowed by MVP rival James Harden, 37 points/nine assists/seven rebounds.
- NZ Herald
Expert tasks FG on establishment of national blood transfusion service
Prof. Yetunde Aken'Ova, Head, Department of Haematology, University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, has urged the Federal Government to establish a national blood transfusion service to encourage voluntary blood donation in Nigeria. Aken'Ova made this charge at the symposium organised by the department to mark this year's World Blood Day with the theme: “Blood connects us…
The post Expert tasks FG on establishment of national blood transfusion service appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Global sales of moulded fibre pulp packaging was valued at more than US$ 6,000 Mn in 2015 and is projected to reach nearly US$ 11,500 Mn by 2026. Sales revenue is projected to register a CAGR of 5.8% in terms of value during the forecast period (2016–2026). In terms of value, the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market is estimated to create incremental opportunity of nearly US$ 5,500 Mn and expand at 1.7X between 2016 and 2026. In terms of volume, the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market is anticipated to exhibit a CAGR of 4.9% during the forecast period.
Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2966
Global Moulded Fibre Pulp Packaging Market Analysis, by End Use
F&B packaging segment expected to register a significantly high CAGR during the forecast period
The F&B packaging segment is anticipated to continue to dominate the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market during the forecast period, driven by an increase in the consumption of eggs and fruits. However, the segment is expected to lose 159 basis points during the forecast period. In terms of value, the CDEG packaging segment was estimated to constitute 9.8% share and be valued at more than US$ 600 Mn by 2016 end. The segment is projected to register a moderately high CAGR of 6.6% during the forecast period, owing to increasing adoption of moulded fibre pulp packaging in electronics items such as TVs and mobile phones.
Due to reduced shipping and freight costs, moulded fibre pulp packaging is expected to gain high traction over the forecast period
The consumer durables and electronics goods packaging segment was valued at nearly US$ 600 Mn in 2015 and is projected to exhibit a CAGR of 6.6% to reach nearly US$ 1,200 Mn by 2026 end. In terms of volume, the segment is likely to register a CAGR of 5.7% during the forecast period. In terms of value, the segment is expected to create incremental opportunity of nearly US$ 600 Mn between 2016 and 2026.
In terms of value, mobile phones sub-segment is anticipated to expand 1.8X between 2016 and 2026
In terms of value, the tube light & bulbs sub-segment dominates the moulded fibre pulp packaging market. The sub-segment was anticipated to account for 42.2% value share by 2016 end and is estimated to reach more than US$ 500 Mn by 2026 end. In terms of revenue, the mobile phones sub-segment is projected to account for 27.9% share of the global CDEG packaging segment and is expected to register a moderately high CAGR of 6.7% by 2026 end.
Growing concerns over sustainable retail packaging projected to drive sales revenue of moulded fibre pulp packaging
The food & beverage packaging segment was valued at more than US$ 4,000 Mn in 2015 and is expected to exhibit a CAGR of 5.6% to reach nearly US$ 8,000 Mn by 2026 end. In terms of volume, the segment is anticipated to register a CAGR of 4.7% during the forecast period. In terms of value, the segment is estimated to create incremental opportunity of nearly US$ 4,000 Mn between 2016 and 2026.
Send An Enquiry: http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/2966
Moulded fibre pulp packaging is expected to gain high attraction in the F&B industry, due to feasibility in shaping the products with a variety of configurations
In terms of revenue, the egg packaging sub-segment dominates the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market. This segment accounted for more than 50% share of the market in 2016. The sub-segment is expected to be valued at nearly US$ 4,000 Mn by 2026. In terms of revenue, the fruit segment is projected to account for more than 31% share of the global F&B packaging segment and is expected to be valued at nearly US$ 1,000 Mn by 2026.
Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/moulded-fibre-pulp-packaging-market
Analyst Viewpoint
Growing adoption of moulded fibre pulp packaging in emerging markets
Asia Pacific offers significant opportunities in the moulded fibre pulp packaging market. This is attributed to rapid urbanisation, growing population, and increasing consumer influence. The region accounts for over 60% of the global egg production – China is the largest egg producer in the world. Moreover, other countries such as Vietnam and Malaysia present high growth opportunities in the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market due to advancements in technology, manufacturing, and packaging tools in these countries.
About Us
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: http://www.mrrse.com/
Two local roads will be temporarily closed this Saturday during the fifth annual Tri-the-Bull Triathlon & 5K presented by the City of Santa Maria Recreation & Parks Department.
Panther Drive will be closed from 6:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. between Pioneer Valley High School and Centennial Street. Also, Bull Canyon Road will be closed during the same time, from Suey Crossing Road to Highway 166. Alternate roads will be open to area residents.
Residents who live near Panther Drive will have an alternate route to get in and out of their neighborhood. For locals, Panther Drive will remain open to Centennial Street. Residents have been notified by mail of these temporary road closures, and signs will be posted.
The triathlon consists of a quarter-mile swim, 10-mile bike ride and three-mile run. Nearly 200 athletes are anticipated to participate in the event.
For more information, call the Recreation and Parks Department at 805.925.0951 x260.
— Dennis Smitherman is a recreation supervisor for the City of Santa Maria.
Antidepressant use right before and during pregnancy may be linked with a higher risk of an autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in children, hints a new analysis of past research.
But pregnant women on antidepressant medications should not stop taking them, because the data that tie their use in pregnancy to ASDs are weak, said the study's senior author, reuters.com wrote.
Additionally, there could be consequences to not treating depression during pregnancy.
Dr. Florence Gressier, of the Bicetre University Hospital in Le Kremlin-Bicetre, France, said, "Each prescription should be evaluated individually.”
Gressier and colleagues wrote in JAMA Pediatrics that up to 15 percent of women have depression during pregnancy.
Women with untreated depression are at an increased risk of complications and poor follow up for a number of chronic health conditions like diabetes and high blood pressure.
The use of antidepressants during pregnancy is increasing around the world, wrote the researchers.
The most popular ones, known as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), are linked to a number of risks and some benefits during pregnancy.
The researchers add that other research suggested children exposed to antidepressants in the womb are at an increased risk for ASDs, which the US National Institute of Mental Health said are a group of developmental disorders that may affect communication, social and other skills.
For the new analysis, the researchers combed academic databases for studies that examined the link between antidepressant exposure in the womb and the risk of ASDs. They found 10 studies with mixed results.
When the researchers looked at six studies with 117,737 participants that compared people with autism to people without, they found that children were 81 percent more likely to be diagnosed with an ASD if they were exposed to antidepressants during pregnancy.
Some of that excess risk, however, could be explained by the mothers' past history of mental illness.
The researchers found similar results when they looked at antidepressant exposure during specific trimesters.
There was no link between antidepressant use during pregnancy and ASDs when the researchers looked at two studies that followed 772,331 children over time.
Data from four studies did show 77 percent higher odds of ASDs among children born to women who used antidepressants before pregnancy, however.
The slowness in the Rangers' all-around game has seeped into their power play, which has gone 0-for-10 with the team down 2-1 in its best-of-seven, first-round series against the Canadiens.
So going into Game 4 on Tuesday night at the Garden, the hope is that the man-advantage can start making quicker decisions. It began with about 20 minutes of work on it during Monday's practice.
“Throughout the season, every day that we practice, we work on speciality teams, any extent [between] 20-30 percent of practice,” coach Alain Vigneault said. “[Monday] was no different. We did work on our execution on making a couple quicker plays.”
The power play was especially poor when the unit went 0-for-3 in the disheartening 3-1 loss in Game 3 on Sunday night at the Garden. And the performance was even more impactful when compared to the Canadiens going 2-for-3, scoring the first goal on the man-advantage for either team this series.
“There's no doubt, the game, they scored two power-play goals and our power play doesn't execute and really doesn't get us a scoring chance,” Vigneault said. “We're aware of that, we're going to work on being better [Tuesday]. That's what we can control right now.”
Vigneault also did change the makeup of the units. He inserted rookie Pavel Buchnevich into the first unit with Ryan McDonagh, Mika Zibanejad, Chris Kreider and Mats Zuccarello. Buchnevich was a healthy scratch for the first three games of this series.
The second unit was Brady Skjei, J.T. Miller, Kevin Hayes, Rick Nash and Derek Stepan.
After benching defenseman Nick Holden in place of Kevin Klein for Game 3, it seemed like Vigneault was set to go back to Holden for Game 4. Although not disclosing any lineup information, Vigneault put Holden back on the right side with Marc Staal, while moving Brendan Smith back with Skjei and Klein to play with depth defenseman Steven Kampfer.
“I still do like his game,” Vigneault said of Holden, who wasn't scratched scratch once even though he struggled for about the final month or so of the regular season. “He's a dependable, good, steady defenseman that can move the puck when the pressure is on. Like any player in any year, he has good moments and some other moments might be a little more challenging.
“If he plays [in Game 4], I'm going to expect him to be good.”
Vigneault changed his forward lines in practice, which might or might not mean anything after he ran out some fake lines in warm-ups before Game 3. But he did have Buchnevich rotating with Tanner Glass on a line with Kreider and Zibanejad, as well as combinations of Jimmy Vesey-Stepan-Nash, Miller-Hayes-Zuccarello and Michael Grabner-Oscar Lindberg-Jesper Fast.
Come and indulge yourself with salubrious drinks only at Henpecked-Eat Drink & Obey, a restaurant offering farm to fork dining experience situated in the heart of Mumbai. Beat the heat with spiffing cocktails only @ 900 without burning a hole in your pocket.
Come & experience exceptional cocktail menu to quench your thirst like Scarecrow- which is a blend of lime, Old monk, palm sugar, Sugarcane Juice & is loaded with minerals like potassium, iron and copper, vitamin C and antioxidants. While, Kambucha is a combination of Blue Curacao, Orange Juice, Lime Juice, Tequila & Kambucha.This drink offers a plethora of health benefits to keep you active and hydrated all day long.
So, head to Henpecked to satiate your thirst this scorching summer with most refreshing cocktails.
A T6 Geico sky-typing plane with the words “U.S.S. Intrepid” on the fuselage crashed in a wooded area on Long Island Wednesday afternoon, killing the pilot, according to authorities. The plane appeared to break into pieces before it hit the ground, according to a spokeswoman for the Town of Huntington.
Officials confirmed one fatality — the pilot, who the only person aboard the plane. The pilot's name has not been identified pending notification of family.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Part of the Geico Sky-Typing & Air Show Team, the Plane Involved in the Crash was a World War II Trainer Craft
The SNJ-2 plane was part of the Geico sky-typing and air show team and was one of some flying in formation shortly before it plummeted from the sky and went down just off of Northcote Drive in Melville around 1:55 p.m., officials said.
According to NBC New York, the plane involved in the crash was a T6 Texan, a high-performance World War II trainer craft.
“The plane was based out of Republic Airport and was thought to be a skytyper plane that was part of the canceled Jones Beach Air Show last weekend.”
Bystander Lou Scaglione was out to lunch when he saw a formation of what he described as five World War II planes, according to Newsday. When he looked back at up, there were only four planes remaining. Then, he saw smoke over the trees.
“It's heartbreaking,” Scaglione, 53, told Newsday. “These planes are part of Long Island. It's a shame that one of them is down over there.
Al Alami, 21, of Queens, was landing at nearby Republic Airport in East Farmingdale in a Piper Warrior when he saw the plane that crashed spiraling downward. Alami said he is studying to be an airline pilot and came to the crash site hoping his fellow airman was alright. pic.twitter.com/z8dcvxyh6J — Janelle Griffith (@janellefiona) May 30, 2018
Mike Jewels, 22, who lives down the street from the crash, said he was on his way home from work when he heard the loud sound of a plane overhead.
“I turned down the block and saw all these flames and smoke,” he said.
2. The GEICO Skytypers Perform the Same Maneuvers of a Fighter Plane, but at Slower Speeds
The GEICO Skytypers Air Show Team are an aerobatic team that perform at airshows around the United States using six SNJ-2 World War II-era planes, according to PR Newswire. The team was recently sponsored by GEICO.
“The SNJs flown by our team were originally used as training aircraft for WWII and Korean Conflict pilots,” says Team Flight Lead Larry Arken, according to PR Newswire.
“During our air show performances, we are able to demonstrate the amazing capabilities of these vintage warbirds on behalf of our sponsor, GEICO. The 75-year-old SNJ aircraft are a testament to the engineering genius of the Greatest Generation.”
As training aircraft, the SNJ can perform all the maneuvers of a fighter plane, but at slower speeds. “The historic sound of the vintage engines fills the air as the team demonstrates more than 20 different tactical maneuvers.”
3. The Team Sky-Types Giant Messages in the Sky That Can Be Seen from 15 Miles Away
With the right conditions, the team can also sky-type giant messages for the crowd below. The fleet of aircraft ascends to 9,500 feet to fly in a “line-abreast formation” to type messages over 1,000 feet tall, according to PR Newswire.
The messages are actually taller than the Empire State Building, so people can view the messages from up to 15 miles away in any direction.
“In less than two minutes, 20-25 characters are generated utilizing a patented program to generate smoke releases at timed intervals,” according to PR Newswire. “Because the typing speed is 17 times faster than traditional skywriting, viewers are often drawn in to guess words, similar to playing “Wheel of Fortune” style games.”
4. The Skytypers Have Performed the “Missing Man Formation” for Many Deceased Pilots
In April 2007, the GEICO Skytypers performed the missing man formation in a special tribute to Kevin “Kojak” Davis who was killed in the 2007 Blue Angels South Carolina crash, according to Wikipedia.
Another missing man formation was dedicated to Jan Wildbergh, who was killed while returning to the runway after a successful rehearsal for the annual Naval Air Station Oceana Air Show in Virginia on September 7, 2007. Wilbergh wasn't able to complete the break in formation after the final maneuver and lost altitude until the aircraft hit the ground. According to the team spokesman, Wildbergh was too low to use his parachute and did not have an ejection seat.
In May 2016, the Skytypers performed another missing man formation at the Jones Beach Air Show for pilot Bill Gordon, who passed away the day before in a P-47 crash into the Hudson River.
On June 4, 2016, the Skytypers performed a missing man formation at the Great Tennessee Air Show in Smyrna, TN for USMC Capt Jeff Kuss. Capt. Kuss was a pilot for the US Navy Blue Angels but was killed during a practice run after he had inaccurate altitude information and forgot to reduce throttle before colliding his F/A-18 into a golf course.
5. The Skytypers Have Already Done a Variety of Shows This Year, with Plans to Perform a Rare Air Vs. Sea Duel
The Skytypers have done a variety of shows across America since the early 2000's. They have opened the season in Florida at the Vero Beach Air Show, performed at the inaugural Wings Over Myrtle Beach Air Show and are planning on having The Miss GEICO offshore racing team join the Skytypers at special events throughout the year.
“The 10-time world championship offshore racing team will compete against the solo pilots for the Skytypers racing in their 47-foot Victory watercraft powered by twin 1650 stern drives producing more than 3,300 hp. The air vs. sea duel is a rare event and will only take place during the Ocean City, Atlantic City, and Baltimore air shows,” PR News writes.
It is unknown how the crash will affect any upcoming shows at this time.
This is a developing story. Heavy will update as soon as more information is known.
SYDNEY (AP) — Paul Gray, lead singer of the 1980s Australian pop band Wa Wa Née, has died of cancer, his brother said on Wednesday. He was 54 years old.
He musician died on Tuesday of multiple myeloma, his brother and fellow band member Mark Gray said in a statement.
"It is with deep sorrow and a heavy heart that we announce that Paul Gray passed away peacefully," Mark Gray said.
"We would like to thank all the doctors, hospital staff, relatives, friends and fans for the overwhelming support given to Paul and our family while he heroically battled multiple myeloma," he added.
Advertisement
Wa Wa Née formed in the early 1980s and had an Australian hit with their single, "Stimulation," in 1986.
The band later charted in the United States with the song "Sugar Free."
The band's broke up in 1989, but re-formed in recent years to perform at 1980s revival concerts and to support British group The Human League on their Australian tour last year.
SALINAS, Calif. (AP) — A jury in Northern California convicted a 20-year-old man of torturing, starving and beating two children whose bodies were found in a storage unit.
The jury on Monday found Gonzalo Curiel guilty in the 2015 killings of a 7-year-old boy and his 3-year-old sister. They also convicted him of torturing their older sister in their Salinas apartment, KSBW-TV reported.
Curiel's former girlfriend and the children's relative, Tami Huntsman, 42, pleaded guilty in February to two counts of murder. Huntsman had agreed to care for the three children after their mother was killed in a car accident and their father — who is related to Huntsman — was sent to prison.
An officer found the oldest child, then 9, with bruises and a broken collarbone in the backseat of a locked SUV in December 2015. Officials later located the tiny bodies of her siblings in plastic containers inside a storage unit in Redding, about 300 miles (483 kilometers) north of Salinas.
Advertisement
The child told investigators that Huntsman and Curiel killed her younger siblings on Thanksgiving after she was caught stealing a bagel. The girl, now 12, was the primary witness in Curiel's trial.
She told jurors she and her siblings were stripped naked, sprayed down with cold water, beaten with a shower head, and locked in a tiny bathroom for extended periods of time as punishment.
Curiel was a "sadistic" person who "enjoyed controlling and hurting children," Monterey County Assistant District Attorney Steve Somers said.
Curiel was a minor when the killings occurred. He was tried as an adult, but prosecutors were not able to seek the death penalty under California law. He and Huntsman were scheduled to be sentenced next week.
___
This story has been corrected to show Gonzalo Curiel's first name was misstated as Gustavo.
___
Information from: KSBW-TV.
The decision by An Bord Pleanála to grant planning permission for a €220 million upgrade of the N28 road from Cork to Ringaskiddy has been welcomed by the Port of Cork and business interests, but has been greeted with dismay by local residents.
An Bord Pleanála confirmed on Wednesday it had granted planning permission with conditions under the Strategic Infrastructure Act for the motorway, which will run from the Bloomfield Junction on the South Ring Road at Bloomfield Junction to Ringaskiddy in Cork Harbour.
The upgrade will involve the construction of approximately 11 kilometres of standard dual-divided motorway, with two lanes and a hard shoulder in each direction from Douglas to the outskirts of Carrigaline. There will also be 1.6 kilometres of single carriageway from near Carrigaline to Ringaskiddy.
The decision followed a recommendation by An Bord Pleanála Inspector Mary Kennelly, in a 425 page report, that planning permission be granted for the project. It will involve the acquisition of 141.5 hectares of land from over 80 landowners under Compulsory Purchase Orders.
Report
In her report, Ms Kennelly, who chaired an oral hearing into the project that ran for 12 days last November and December, said she was satisfied the community need for the project had been established and the compulsory purchase of the land was necessary to facility the upgrade.
Ms Kennelly found the proposed road and service area in Ringaskiddy would “not result in significant adverse environmental impacts” and she concluded the project was “acceptable in environmental and planning terms”.
Cork County Council, Cork City Council and Transport Infrastructure Ireland all welcomed the decision by An Bord Pleanála, saying the upgrade to motorway status will increase the capacity and safety of the route which links Cork city to Ringaskiddy.
They pointed out that the upgrade will facilitate the decision by Port of Cork to relocate its container terminal from Tivoli on the northern bank of the Lee to Ringaskiddy. This will, in turn, free up 220 hectares of land on the northern banks of the Lee, near the edge of Cork centre for development.
“Regionally, it delivers critical infrastructure for the Port and for the industries . . . on the Ringaskiddy peninsula. The M28 is the transport infrastructure that can lead to improved capacity in the various industries as they continue to compete within their own sectors.
“Nationally, in a post-Brexit era, the Port of Cork is increasingly important as the closest port to mainland Europe and to EU markets. Improved access to Ringaskiddy has been specifically identified in Government's National Planning Framework - Project Ireland 2040, as a key growth enabler for the Cork region.”
Cork Chamber
An Bord Pleanála's decision has also been welcomed by Cork Chamber whose Director of Public Affairs , Thomas McHugh pointed out that the proposed motorway would be “a key infrastructural project (that is) needed for all of Munster and for Ireland”.
Port of Cork chief executive, Brendan Keating also welcomed the news saying that “an adequate road network will enable the Port to provide an efficient service to our customers and to continue to meet the economic needs of the region and future proof Cork as an international gateway for trade.”
However Gerard Harrington, Chairman of the M28 Steering Group, which represents up to 10,000 residents in Rochestown and Douglas opposed to the project, said he was disappointed but not at all surprised by the decision, given recent decisions by An Bord Pleanála.
“An Bord Pleanála when it gave the decision on the incinerator last month mentioned the upgrade of the N28 so I wasn't surprise, but I was flabbergasted when I read in the order that the proposed development would have ‘no significant negative effects on the local community in the vicinity'.
“I wonder was I at the same oral hearing at all because we showed clearly at the oral hearing that the proposed motorway would have a huge impact on the local communities in Rochestown and Douglas in terms of increased traffic, noise and visual amenity - it's as if we were just ignored.”
Mr Harrington said the M28 Steering Group would meet over the weekend and consult with their legal advisors on whether or not it may be possible to mount some legal challenge to the decision, as people in the area were bitterly disappointed.
Paying to water the grass is the hardest thing I've experienced as an Irish homeowner in Connecticut. But after five years of re-seeding burned patches of lawn, I gave in and paid to install an irrigation system. It was just one of the many adjustments I would have to make as an Irish homeowner in the US. On top of the initial adjustment to the process of buying from renting, an Irish buyer must learn a new set of terms – faucet, garbage, closet, etc– and cope with many other cultural differences.
My first experience of house-hunting in the US is fresh in my mind, although it was more than 10 years ago now. We had been renting for around five years in Darien, CT, a leafy town about an hour from New York. Rents were high and we finally decided it made more sense to buy.
We met our realtor outside a house she described as a “fixer-upper”. She marched through the dilapidated Colonial house, pointing out what she thought we should do – put up a portico, take down a wall, butler's pantry here, Jack-and-Jill bathroom there, while we stood open-mouthed, barely understanding what she was talking about.
Out back I struggled with her description of the grassy lawn as a yard. I listened to the not-so-distant hum from the highway while she rattled off all the tests we would need to do – termites, lead, radon, asbestos. It all felt very overwhelming.
My husband was more concerned about where he would put the pool of his dreams but even his enthusiasm was curbed by the news that there were zoning setbacks and possible wetlands which might result in more setbacks and no room for a pool. I remember going back to the rental house thinking that we would be better off just renting.
The overriding novelty is often the sheer size of everything
We did eventually buy, falling in love with a location and a kitchen. We paid for an appraisal, carried out all the tests and were relieved when everything came back fine. We went to the closing with our realtor, the seller's realtor, and two attorneys and before we knew it we were homeowners. It's a heady feeling buying property, putting down roots; essentially committing to calling another country home.
Spaces
We now had a house with an open-plan kitchen, a family room with a cathedral ceiling and a fully finished basement. My mother's reaction to this space was that it was like another whole house underneath the house. Initially it seemed to be an obscene amount of space and we certainly had no furniture to fill it. But a few trips to Costco and we were well on our way.
Having grown up with six people sharing one bathroom and a toilet downstairs – pretty normal in Ireland at the time – we now had five sharing two full bathrooms and two half-baths or powder rooms. That certainly felt like luxury.
There are many cultural differences to come to terms with as an Irish person buying in America. One Irish buyer in Connecticut said what struck her most when she moved into her house was that there were no doors on the ground floor. Everything was open. Another surprise was the lack of curtains on the windows.
It's almost invasive, the litany of questions you have to answer on some of the application forms
Another Irish buyer said she had to adjust to there only being lamps and no overhead lighting in the bedrooms, bug screens on the windows and often no fences around the “yards”.
Culturally, though, the overriding novelty is often the sheer size of everything – bigger washing machines, bigger dryers, bigger fridges – and, ultimately, bigger bills. The maintenance on houses in Connecticut tends to be a lot higher than in Ireland. Outside maintenance – lawn care, spring and fall clean-up of leaves, fertilisation, pest control such as tick spraying, tree pruning, window-cleaning, gutter cleaning, and snow clearing in the winter – can add up. Inside the home, the oil fired-furnace and the air conditioning units have to be serviced before every season.
Private information
Another key cultural difference for Irish people is getting used to the public access to what they might consider private information. Sold prices are public as are all mortgages, loans and liens on properties. Anne Flanagan, an Irish agent working for Berkshire Hathaway New York Properties, says she finds the biggest issue for Irish people renting or buying in New York is the level of information required.
By the time I was ready to list our own house, I had learned enough American real estate vocabulary to describe our flat back yard with its newly installed irrigation system
She says Irish people will want “to run for the hills” when faced with questions on an application form for a Co-op, such as what alumni network you belong to, what foundations you support and what stocks and bonds you own. “It's almost invasive, the litany of questions you have to answer on some of the application forms,” Flanagan says, “but on a positive side it's very streamlined and protective.”
Real estate licence
In 2017 I got my real estate licence in Connecticut and listed and sold our house. The process of buying and selling a house in the US differs from that in Ireland because the buyer is represented by one real estate agent and the seller, in theory, by another. (Connecticut does allow dual agency where the same brokerage can handle both sides of the transaction.)
The seller pays the commission, which is generally split between the two agents, while the buyer pays nothing. The process is designed to protect both sides, with each having access to a professional who will represent their interests.
Today, the search for a house begins online and most properties will have a lockbox containing the key, located on the premises, which can be accessed only by licensed realtors who are members of the Multiple Listing Service. The process makes it easier to go to see houses but can make the homeowner feel more exposed.
By the time I was ready to list our own house, I had learned enough American real estate vocabulary to describe our flat back yard with its newly installed irrigation system. I pointed out things that had once seemed utterly alien– such as the his-and-hers walk-in closets and the wet bar, the garbage disposal system and the laundry chute. I had even added a portico (otherwise known as a porch) for the kerb appeal.
Clodagh McCoole is an Irishwoman and real estate agent living in Connecticut.
Lost in Translation – agent speak
American: Irish
Yard: Garden
Garden: Vegetable patch
First floor: Ground floor
Jack-and-Jill : Bathroom shared by two bedrooms
Siding: Material on the side of the house
Mudroom: Cloakroom
Washer: Washing machine
Walk-up: Attic accessed by stairs
Pull-down: Attic accessed by ladder
EIK: Eat-in kitchen
Setbacks: Minimum distance from neighbour
Butler's pantry/Wetbar bar: Drinks area with wine fridge
Crown molding: Cornices etc
Farm house sink: Belfast sink
As her hand touched Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern's pregnant belly, Chelsea Manuel immediately felt a twinge of regret.
"I thought ... 'oh my goodness, what did I do?'", the mum-of-seven said.
A parliamentary services' MP support worker who had only once, briefly, met Ardern before, Manuel touched the Prime Minister's abdomen as she formally welcomed her onto the marae at Ratana Pa last week.
Ardern, who is five months pregnant with her first child, was gracious, Manuel told the Herald on Sunday this week.
Advertisement
"She gave me a big hug and had a bit of a giggle and put her arm around me, and that's how we walked towards the marae, so I felt really comfortable that she also felt safe and comfortable with me doing that."
Ardern wouldn't comment, but it's something she will undoubtedly have to deal with again in the coming months. And midwives said she was far from alone in her experience.
The midwives said there was no excuse for unwanted touching — in fact, a police spokeswoman confirmed it could be investigated as assault, although she was not aware of any previous complaints — but they also said the desire to touch the baby bumps of expectant mums came, in most cases, from a place of love and a desire to connect with new life.
Chelsea Manuel touches Jacinda Ardern's belly as she welcomes the Prime Minister on to the marae at Ratana Pa.
That was why she touched the Prime Minister's belly, Manuel said.
Her culture and upbringing taught her to embrace and acknowledge others, including "babies in the tummies of their mothers", although she was not thinking that when she touched Ardern.
"It just happened. I didn't even think about it. I was just overwhelmed that we were so blessed to be in the presence of our Prime Minister, who for me is a really beautiful soul, and to know that she is now the carrier of such a treasure ... I was moved by my spirit, and also by being able to connect with her and with that beautiful baby that we were welcoming onto our marae as well.
"I'm so sorry if I have caused anything. I hope I haven't offended anybody."
Nga Maia Maori Midwives Aotearoa chief executive Jean Te Huia said she'd heard many stories from expectant mums of people touching their baby bumps without permission.
Pregnancy etiquette had been lost, Te Huia said, so people now felt they could make comments and questions about expectant mums' size, length of gestation or birth plans.
"People feel an intense interest in pregnant women and their puku and anything that's coming out of there. But does that really give you permission to touch somebody?"
Ardern is already popular — crowds of fans regularly surround her, some touching her, at public events.
Celebrities can well attest to the desire of others to touch the famous, including Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt star Ellie Kemper, who told American media she had been touched on the belly while pregnant.
Photo of Ellie Kemper as Kimmy Schmidt in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
"I don't know what goes through a person's mind, a stranger's mind, no less, when they think, 'Oh yes, your stomach is now something that belongs to me and I can touch it'."
CNN reported in 2013 that a Pennsylvania man could face harassment charges after twice touching the belly of a pregnant stranger, who complained to police.
Over the Atlantic, royal etiquette should protect the Duchess of Cambridge, pregnant with her third child, from unwanted touching.
Outsiders are supposed to limit touching of the Royal family to handshakes only, although several people, from Michelle Obama to two Australian Prime Ministers, have fallen foul.
Te Huia said in her 24 years as a midwife pregnancy had gone from something not especially visible, to something — thanks to more photos of pregnant bellies and more revealing clothes — much more visible.
"It's beautiful, it's how we've moved and I suppose, well, has that physical exposure of the tummy then given permission for people to say 'oh look, she's hapu and she's proud of it and there's her puku showing and we can touch it. Maybe that?"
She understood people's desire to connect with the excitement of a new baby, but permission was a must.
"I think generally they're coming from a sense of love and support."
New Zealand College of Midwives midwifery advisor Alison Eddy said she had experienced unwanted belly touching when pregnant herself, and as a midwife had heard many similar stories from other women.
"It can be complete strangers in public places. It's unacceptable. It does seem there's a public ownership in pregnancy, but it wouldn't be acceptable if you weren't pregnant."
A better way to support pregnant women was to offer congratulations and support.
If a woman realised someone was about to touch them without permission, she could turn away and, politely but firmly, tell the person no, Eddy said.
On question and answer website Quora, a poster said there could be social-evolutionary reasons for all members of a community to feel protective towards a pregnant woman, and to feel a pregnancy was a common social asset of the group.
Autonomy — a woman's right to be free of touching — was a more recent value, the poster wrote.
In the last six months the #MeToo movement for social change over unwanted sexual touching has also spread around the world, sparked by allegations of sexual misconduct by powerful Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein and dozens of other powerful figures.
University of Waikato clinical psychology training director Carrie Cornsweet Barber said she was not aware of any research on unwanted baby bump touching.
She didn't know why people did it, but thought some might sense the unborn baby was going to be a part of a community, and they wanted to connect with that.
"I do think usually it's well intentioned, so it is a sort of innate 'it takes a village and ok, now I'm trying to help you'. It doesn't necessarily come across as helpful."
She had not experienced unwanted touching while pregnant, but had heard stories from others.
"It's interesting, that experience that many people talk about, of becoming public property when you're pregnant. People intrude in a way, whether it's verbal or physical, that they wouldn't otherwise."
You have to admire the Fujifilm, launching an analogue camera in a digital world, ploughing its own path, one instant photo at a time.
The Instax Square SQ6 is the kind of camera we rejected because the digital cameras we were getting were newer, shinier, more high tech and far more convenient. Remember the days when Polaroids were the only way you could get an instant photograph? By 2008, the company had filed for bankruptcy a second time and a new campaign to save the technology was under way.
Ten years on and, kind of like vinyl, instant film cameras have had a bit of a comeback. Fujifilm Instax is not Polaroid. But it's a similar technology. You snap the photograph, it pops out of the camera, and you wait for the photograph to appear on the paper. It's not exactly instant, but “takes a couple of minutes to develop” film doesn't have quite the same ring to it.
The Instax cameras have been around for a couple of years, joined by photo printers, and use two different types of film – the original Instax Mini and the square format.
The SQ6 uses the square film. The advantages are obvious: more space means you line up shots more easily; and you don't get to decide between landscape or portrait when capturing your images.
The SQ6 is the new kid on the block. It's not the most subtle of cameras – bigger film means bigger camera body – so it's not one you can slip into your pocket and go. But it certainly proves a talking point. The version of the camera tested here is the blush gold one, and it is definitely eye catching. On the occasions I used it in public, people wanted to know what it was I was using.
When it comes to ease of use, this camera has it nailed. The film comes in a cartridge that you simply pop in the back. Like old-school film, once you've done this, don't open the back again or you'll expose the film.
Shooting with it is a breeze too. There aren't any fancy electronic viewfinders or LCD panels, but there's an automatic function that picks out the best settings for your shooting conditions, adjusting the shutter speed and flash.
My three year old is obsessed with photographs, from selfies on my phone to watching what she refers to as “magic pictures” developing right before her eyes.
Even she managed to get the hang of this camera, although it was a little on the large side for her.
There is a selfie mode, with a mirror that helps you line up the shot, located on the camera lens. Your selfie game has to be on point though; there are no second chances with this camera, unless you're feeling flush and have invested in a lot of film.
If you are feeling creative, there is a double exposure mode that will overlap two pictures on the same film. My experiences with this were mixed, but it was more to do with a lack of skill and poor picture framing than any fault on the camera's part. Digital photography has made me a little lazy; knowing I can always reshoot or edit the final image means I don't have to take as much care lining up shots.
There's a landscape mode and a macro one too, and you can change up the look of your shots with one of the three coloured filters included in the box for the flash.
The good:
Fun, easy to use and you get your photos in a few minutes. No longer are your photos marooned on your cloud storage, never to be looked at again. Plus it makes you hone your skills, as you have limited film and burst shots aren't a possibility.
The not so good:
In a world where we are used to digital images, the idea that you now have to ration your pictures because it will cost you a small fortune in film will be a bit of a mindshift. On the positive side, you won't force your entire friends list on Facebook to look at 30 pictures of the same scene, each from a marginally different angle. Plus if you are in any way concerned about waste, there's a lot to deal with here – the plastic cartridges, the wrapping.
The rest:
The different modes can be changed with a button on the back, and a small light shows you which mode you are using.
The verdict:
Overall, it's a fun camera that is easy to pick up and use, regardless of your level of ability. But if you want to get a bit creative, you'll have to work at it a bit.
Four year deal will contribute to the ambition to reach 100 per cent renewable electricity by 2020 from BT
EE has signed a four year renewable electricity deal with energy provider npower.
The deal will power over 500 retail locations with green sources such as wind farms and solar plants.
npower will supply 680 gigawatts of renewable electricity and move BT a step closer to the target of powering operations with 100 per cent renewable energy.
Last year BT sourced 82 per cent of its electricity with renewable energy with the telecoms giant also aiming to reduce carbon emissions by 87 per cent by 2030.
EE chief financial officer Stephen Harris said: “An organisation the size of ours has a responsibility to conduct business sustainably and this new deal, whilst also making sense from a business perspective, reaffirms our commitment to doing just that.
“This is just the latest step in working towards our renewable energy goals and ultimately a low-carbon business model.”
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
Cuesta College and its faculty union have reached a salary agreement that will result in a 4 percent increase over two years, pending a vote of union members and approval from the school's board of trustees.
The increase comes after the district and union met with a mediator in late February — the third time an impasse has been declared since 2013 — but were unable to reach an agreement based on the fact-finder report.
The two sides reached a compromise during a face-to-face negotiation and avoided a potential faculty strike, said Debra Stakes, an earth sciences professor who serves as president of the Cuesta College Federation of Teachers.
The union had previously requested a 2.5 percent salary increase (5 percent over two years), while the district offered a 1 percent raise.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
"Four percent over two years is pretty good," Stakes said. "It was better than we had asked for. And the fact that we get it over two years means that faculty can go back to their classrooms and just worry about teaching for a while, which is the other thing I wanted to accomplish."
The agreement includes the following:
A 1 percent on-schedule salary increase on all faculty salary schedules retroactive to July 1, 2016
A 3 percent on-schedule salary increase on all faculty salary schedules retroactive to January 1, 2018
Temporary faculty who have an assigned teaching load of 20 to 39.9 percent will receive 0.5 office hour per week beginning fall 2018 semester
Stakes said more than half of the classes currently offered at Cuesta College are taught by part-time faculty, and only full-time faculty members have been compensated for meeting with students during office hours. Under the new agreement, all faculty will be paid for time spent in office hours.
Once the ratification vote is complete — it must be submitted by April 25, Stakes said — the agreement will go into effect and faculty will get retroactive pay added to their paychecks.
"We're really committed to having that happen this semester," Stakes said. "But all of the salary enhancements that we won are permanent enhancements to our salary schedule, so they don't go away."
Cuesta College assistant superintendent/vice president of administrative services Dan Troy said the school is committed to providing fair compensation for all employees, "especially given the local cost of living and inflation."
"The district feels this agreement is fair and fiscally responsible to the taxpayers, given the college's enrollment challenges and lack of growth in total students, which is the primary driver for increased state funding of ongoing dollars," Troy said in a statement.
Cuesta College reported in January that it is projecting a $551,000 budget deficit for the current fiscal year as enrollment has dropped and mandatory spending has increased.
Stakes said with the recent hiring of Jill Stearns to become Cuesta College's next president before the 2018-19 school year, the union felt it "was important to start with a clean slate."
The current two-year agreement will end June 30, and Stakes expects to start negotiating a new deal next fall.
"The new president has a pretty good track record of being very collaborative in dealing with faculty," Stakes said. "It seemed like we should keep our powder dry and just see what we could close with and then start again."
Vikings QB coach has weathered the storm in Minnesota
hello
Minnesota Vikings quarterback coach Kevin Stefanski watches practice during an NFL football training camp Thursday, July 27, 2017, in Mankato, Minn. Stefanski is the longest-tenured member of the coaching staff, dating back 12 years when he joined the organization as an office assistant to former coach Brad Childress. Now he is in charge of the quarterbacks, his fourth different job for his third different coach in the organization. Associated Press
Minnesota Vikings quarterback coach Kevin Stefanski watches practice with quarterback Sam Bradford during NFL football training camp Thursday, July 27, 2017, in Mankato, Minn. Stefanski is the longest-tenured member of the Vikings coaching staff, dating back 12 years when he joined the organization as an office assistant to former coach Brad Childress. Now he is in charge of the quarterbacks, his fourth different job for his third different coach in the organization. Associated Press
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Vikings' great survivor was 23 years old when he came to the Twin Cities unaware of where his new job would take him.
Kevin Stefanski packed up his car and headed to the Midwest with new coach Brad Childress, not to join the coaching staff or the front office, but to sit in a desk outside Childress' office and take care of the day-to-day tasks that were beneath the head coach's purview.
Since those modest beginnings, Stefanski has held four different coaching positions, endured two coaching changes and weathered some chaotic moments over the last 12 years. Now 35 and with gray flecks in his beard, Stefanski is the longest-tenured coach on the Vikings' staff and in charge of the most important position on the field - the quarterbacks.
"It's wild. I didn't set out for that," Stefanski said. "I got out here when I was 23 years old. I'm standing in a meeting making an announcement and there's Brad Johnson who is 38. I'm thinking, 'Is this guy even going to listen to me?'
"But my mentality was day to day, week to week and year to year. Now to sit back and look at it and say I've been here 12 years, I can say that is unique. But it's not some magic trick. You kind of just show up."
A former standout defensive back for Penn and the son of longtime NBA executive Ed Stefanski, Kevin got his start with the Vikings by putting together travel itineraries, taking marketing and public relations meetings, assembling scouting reports and organizing schedules, a jack-of-all-trades position that gave him an up-close view of the daily demands that a head coach faces.
"Being able to be in the nitty gritty of that was so important," Stefanski said. "I learned as much in those years as any other job, to see each one of those circumstances and how those are dealt with."
Occasionally Childress would allow Stefanski to break down film on a player or prospect to get his feet wet on the coaching side. Eventually he was promoted to assistant quarterbacks coach in 2009, the year that Brett Favre arrived. He held on to that job during Leslie Frazier's three-year run as coach, and has coached tight ends, running backs and now QBs under Mike Zimmer.
"He'll be a coordinator at some point," tight end Kyle Rudolph said. "He's just a great football mind. There's a reason he's withstood all the coaches he has."
Not just coaches but drama. In Stefanski's time with the Vikings, he has watched Favre come in, lead the team to an NFC title game and then exit the next season while being dogged by salacious off-the-field headlines. He saw the Metrodome roof collapse in a snowstorm and a new stadium open, and Adrian Peterson tear his ACL, win the MVP the next season after a 2,000-yard year and miss a season while facing child abuse charges. He worked under accomplished offensive coordinators Darrell Bevell, Bill Musgrave, Norv Turner and now Pat Shurmur.
"In terms of the things that have gone on, I've kind of seen it all. I've gotten a front-row seat in the NFL and year to year you never know what the season is going to bring," Stefanski said. "We don't know the things that are going to happen this year or last year. Just be able to rally no matter what happens."
He has taken over a position group with an element of uncertainty simmering just beneath the surface. Sam Bradford set an NFL record for completion percentage last season but is entering the final year of his contract. Teddy Bridgewater, once deemed the future face of the franchise, is still recovering from a traumatic leg injury last August that forced the Vikings to trade for Bradford in the first place.
Bridgewater will start the season on the physically unable to perform list but has been pushing team officials to get him cleared to return to action this season. It all adds up to a potentially awkward room. But Stefanski has made a good first impression.
"I think those meetings with him have been some of my most enjoyable times spent in a quarterback room," Bradford said.
Stefanski said he has tried to make things as collaborative as possible among Bradford, Bridgewater, veteran backup Case Keenum and developmental prospect Taylor Heinicke.
"It's fun being back in that quarterback room because you can really dive into the rabbit hole here and get into the deep parts of the game, understanding the coverages and protections," Stefanski said. "For me it's been fun being back in that room. I feel comfortable in there. It's nice to have four guys really pushing each other."
___
For more AP NFL news: http://pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Amazon in the fourth quarter generated a net sales increase of 38 percent – from $43.7 billion in Q4 2016 to $60.5 billion in the most recent quarter. Net income, meanwhile, was $1.9 billion for the fourth quarter, or $3.75 per diluted share, compared with a net income of just $749 million, or $1.54 per diluted share, in the same period a year earlier.
Q4 2017 also included a provisional tax benefit for the impact of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 of roughly $789 million.
For the full year 2017, Amazon reports that net sales increased 31 percent to $177.9 billion, up from the $136.0 billion generated in 2016. Excluding the $210 million favorable impact from year-over-year changes in foreign exchange rates throughout the year, net sales increased 31 percent compared with 2016.
Net income for the year was $3.0 billion, or $6.15 per diluted share, versus $2.4 billion, or $4.90 per diluted share, in 2016.
Amazon's accolades in 2017 were aplenty but what the company is perhaps most proud of is its success with Echo devices. CEO Jeff Bezos said their projections for Alexa were very optimistic and they far exceeded them. They don't often see positive surprises of this magnitude very often, adding that we can expect them to double down on it.
Outside of Alexa, Amazon added more paid members to its Prime service in 2017 than any previous year and managed to ship more than five billion items worldwide using the service.
Dubai: Strong policy response, primarily fiscal reforms to counter bulging budget deficits across the GCC in the context of reduced oil revenues are bearing fruit, but structural reforms could take longer as slowing economic growth could hold back pace of reforms, economists said a panel discussion at the 2017 IIF Mena Financial Summit.
GCC economies have recorded a slowdown in 2016 amid public sector spending cuts, tightening liquidity, and investor uncertainty. All GCC countries except Kuwait, had seen economic contraction in 2016.
“The UAE's growth remained somewhat resilient to lower oil prices because of its relatively more diversified economy and small population. But the non-oil growth faced challenges as external demand, mostly from the GCC were impacted because of various austerity measures and a strong dollar hurting sectors such as travel, tourism and hospitality sectors,” said Monica Malik, chief economist of Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank.
UAE's efforts in front loading some of the fiscal reforms such as subsidy reductions and introduction of market linked pricing of petroleum products and augmenting of government revenues through higher fees helped the country to manage its budget more efficiently.
“Although the UAE led the way in subsidy reforms, the country did not introduce all measures at one go. A gradual approach to reforms has helped in preserving domestic demand,” said Malik.
Kingdom's growth
Saudi Arabia's fiscal reforms ranging from cuts in government spending to salary cuts clearly impacted domestic demand and the GDP growth last year. The kingdom's economic growth was around 1.2 per cent last year. With improved banking sector liquidity and some amount of easing in the austerity measures Saudi GDP growth is expected to accelerate to 1.8 per cent in 2017.
“There is a strong correlation between government spending and GDP growth in Saudi Arabia,” said James Reeve, deputy chief economist, SAMBA.
Economists said 2016 was a transition period for Saudi economy in terms of finding a policy direction. “The Kingdom now has a clear direction in terms of fiscal reforms and structural reforms. The new policy favours reduced government spending and increased private participation in the economy,” said Fahad Al Turki, chief economist of Jadwa Investment.
While seeking more domestic private sector investments in the near term, in the long term Saudi reform plans are targeted at seeking more foreign investments. “Saudi Arabi's structural adjustment is geared more towards attracting foreign direct investments while transforming the domestic industrial sector government suppliers to exporters,” said Samba's Reeve.
Of course, such transformation is faced with challenges such as competitiveness. With most GCC currencies pegged to the dollar, a strong dollar could impact all levels of export driven economic activity.
There are many different things people look for and they go to great lengths to get the results they seek. If you want to find investors in Dubai so you can make the most of what you seek, you should use all the sources you have at hand for it. There are many people who are interested in an investment in Dubai, but you have to find the right ones.
But how can you be sure about the solutions you turn to? How will you know if you are making the right choice? It is hard to make a proper decision when you are not sure about the options you have in front of you. Since you do not want to take any chances, you should use every source you have at hand so you can find the best opportunities.
The web is one of the first options you have at hand for it. This is where you will be able to find just about any detail you had in mind about every investor you will get in touch with. There are some crazy things you will find over the web, but you have to know how to filter through the details you will find to use the ones that will not lead you astray.
The web also leaves quite a bit of room for error and you will be exposed to a hefty risk from the start. How will you be able to know the people you will get in touch with are really interested in any sort of investment in Dubai? How can you be sure you are not the victim of a hoax? You can put in a lot of time and energy into a lost cause.
But what if you will be able to create a bridge between the people who are willing to invest in Dubai and the ones that have a great solution you can make the most of? How will you be able to eliminate all the doubt that comes from dealing with complete strangers from any side? You have to find a source you can rely on for a real answer.
There is a platform that is meant to create that bridge between the people who want to find investors in Dubai and the ones who are willing to use their money to expand their portfolio. If you do not want to waste too much time in the process, you should visit the site of inv500.com and you will find all the answers you need to lead you to a result.
For instance, the people who create accounts here are verified and thus you will know the ideas you will find are real and the investors you get in touch with will not let you down. It will be very simple and you will be able to get the results you had in mind sooner than you might expect. No matter what side you are on, this is the solution you seek.
People who want to find investors in Dubai have to focus on the right sources from the start. There are quite a few options you can make the most of, but the platform named before can help you show off your opportunities for investment in Dubai easier than you think.
Like many people around the world, I watched the closing act of Usain Bolt's career with that peculiar feeling you have when any great athlete or team leaves the stage.
I am not an avid athletics fan but Bolt is one of those sports people who transcends their sport and engages people in an instinctive way. He was there in the background, winning races and breaking records with such effortlessness that it made you feel as if he would always be there.
Of course, that's not how it works. The arrow of time keeps on moving. And at the weekend, Bolt the sprinter was suddenly gone. It got me thinking about the upcoming All-Ireland semi-finals. I feel as if the country is waiting for these games and has been all summer.
Dublin-Tyrone, in particular, has the potential to be very explosive and competitive, which is not an environment Dublin have experienced much in recent years. Any All-Ireland semi-final is a big occasion but this game is unique because of the evolution of both teams over the past five years.
They are both chasing something special which could bring about a really intense, aggressive and relentless game of football. And I kept wondering what this means to the teams and managers now that they are in the final days of preparation. The word that kept coming into my head is: legacy.
Dublin are going for three All-Ireland titles in a row. They haven't lost a championship game since 2014 and a lot has changed in the game – and the world – since then. Now, they are narrowing in on two games to achieve this rare, rare feat. It would place them on the same plateau as Kevin Heffernan's team and their Kerry rivals of the 1970s. So clearly the stakes are very high for them.
Tyrone are looking to make a new breakthrough. But, then, Mickey Harte has won three All-Irelands with separate Tyrone teams in addition to seven Ulster titles. So if Tyrone win the next two games, it places their time under Harte in that rarefied place as well. Ever since Mickey Harte took over, Tyrone football has lived through an extraordinary period and this summer is the latest example of that.
One of the reasons that the GAA summer is so special is that the supporters live through the days almost as intensely as the players. They expend as much and in some instances more emotion than the players they follow.
I have this enduring memory of the Donegal boys trying to livestream Bolt's 100 metres in the London Olympics in 2012 while we were on the bus home on the night of the Kerry quarter-final. Everyone wanted to be in touch with this moment when the fastest man in the world did his thing.
We were hurtling through mid-Ulster that night, trying to leave our own mark. It was easy to forget, at that moment, that Bolt's time or unrivalled majesty was temporary. I thought about that night again watching Bolt losing his final race after pulling up injured in London this weekend. It wasn't the dream ending but his legacy had been set in stone by then and he had left his sport in a better place during a period when it badly needed a star.
The jersey
There is a book out on the All-Blacks called Legacy and it is essentially about leaving the jersey in a better place. Their big improvisation, under Graham Henry, was involving the players with huge levels of leadership and autonomy.
I am not sure how many coaches would have the capacity to extend that kind of responsibility to his or her players. It marked a shift from the manager to a dual-leadership model. He tried to create an environment where it was intellectually stimulating for the players.
And it makes sense: there is nobody more intelligent or with more craft knowledge of the sport than the players themselves. The big boundary for New Zealand is that no individual is bigger than the All-Blacks culture. The jersey is sacred. You have that jersey for a period of time and then you pass it on. And you could see that in Sonny Bill Williams' reaction on the bench after he was red-carded in the Lions game. He was distraught.
New Zealand have a legacy of winning gong back over a century, really, so they place a huge degree of importance in the idea of continuity as the legacy. The players pass through. The jersey and the culture and therefore the team is a constant.
If Jim Gavin's team win and complete the three-in-a-row, it would confirm their reputation as one of the greatest teams ever in the game. Photograph: Lorraine O'Sullivan/Inpho
There are countless examples of legacy in sport and the idea is relevant now that we have reached the last four of the All-Ireland. For Kerry, Mayo, Dublin and Tyrone, the next three weeks will shape their legacy. It's a tricky thing to deal with because it is about attending to the lasting relevance of your time playing while getting on with the hectic day-to-day nature of competition.
When we took over in Donegal in 2011, we had a 19-year losing gap to deal with. But for us it wasn't really about winning or losing at the beginning. It was just about trying to create a team that the people of Donegal could be proud of. And also being true to ourselves in terms of giving everything we had in our bodies at training every night. In a way, it was very simple stuff. But it wasn't easy to achieve. I believe that you don't have to win to achieve your absolute best.
Sometimes when you are watching a team unfold, you don't fully comprehend what you are looking at. When Usain Bolt was in his prime, did we fully appreciate what we were watching as he won time and time again?
On a more localised level, there was probably a time when we in Donegal felt that Colm McFadden and Christy Toye and Rory Kavanagh would be there forever. Again, that is not how it works. Athletes and players disappear. And it is only when the players – and the teams – disappear that this concept of legacy kicks in. You either leave one or you don't.
Huge honesty
I talk a lot with players one-to-one now. It's a constant question. What will your legacy be?
A professional footballer can leave the game now with a lot of money in the bank and be financially secure but they can feel very empty if they haven't fulfilled themselves in the game. When they start answering questions like this, they ultimately all want to wring their career dry. To squeeze every last ounce of it. If you do that, then you have achieved a lot. I feel that those Donegal lads felt that: they couldn't have got much more out of it. I think that is their legacy.
For me, personally, legacy is a different thing. It is about being part of something that is bigger than yourself. That's what legacy means to me now. If you can bring a group of people together and the core values are strong and there is a huge honesty and purity to what you are trying to achieve and you have setbacks and you develop and grow and experience success and failure together, all of that is much bigger than yourself. That is what you carry with you.
So when you sit back at 34 years of age and your sporting career is over, you think about the people you played with and the times that you had and how that makes you feel.
If a new-look Tyrone triumph this year it would be Mickey Harte's greatest achievement.
If Mayo wins the All-Ireland in September, their legacy will be that they never gave up until they won it. If they don't their legacy will for many people be that they didn't get over the line. That's a hard view and I don't think that it is fully fair. For real football people, this Mayo team will also be remembered for never giving up and not quite getting there. But for the masses, the perspective will probably be slightly colder and harder; they couldn't do it.
The key for me is the capacity of the Mayo players to realise this now.
For an athlete or a ball player, one of the most important things they can do is to have a vision of their legacy at the back of their minds as they move through their career. It is a very difficult thing to accomplish because sport – and particularly team sport – is about constant movement. There is very little opportunity for reflection. It is always about the next game.
But players and teams have to question themselves as they move through those weeks and seasons. How far can we push this? What do we want to achieve?
Every so often I encounter people who have that ability to stop themselves in their tracks all the time in the here and now and ground themselves and continue to project into the future. It is a very valuable ability to possess because I think a lot of other people go with the flow and just keep on moving with the water without really thinking about where it is carrying them.
It doesn't have to be an extraordinary or crowd-pleasing achievement that creates one's legacy. It could be a father or an aunt or a mother who put so much into their family and those around them that their worth is felt long after they are gone. That's a hugely significant legacy. And we see this in sport all the time; that feeling which teams and athletes grapple with and try to gauge as they go. It comes down to that question: What is left of you when you are gone?
No shame
It is fine lines and it is, of course, dictated by results in a way that sometimes can disguise the true legacy of a team. Winning this All-Ireland would be the crowning glory for Tyrone because their great team has come and gone. So if Mickey Harte can get this new team over the line, it would be an extraordinary achievement for him and everyone involved.
If Dublin wins, they will stamp their place as one of the very greatest teams in GAA history. If Kerry wins, then it becomes a different narrative in that they responded to the ferocity of the Dublin challenge and enhanced Kerry's legacy as the pre-eminent football county.
And Mayo is a classic example of a team that leaves a legacy regardless of the end result. Here they are: back in the last four after being written off several times this summer. They have won five provincial championships and keep getting knocked down. How many other teams would have the fortitude they have shown? I would suggest that there are very few. If they don't win, I feel their legacy should be that they had simply nothing left to give and it wasn't quite enough. And there is no shame in that.
Can Kerry bounce back and enhance their traditional legacy as the pre-eminent football county in the country. Tommy Grealy/Inpho
The pre-season forecast was for a Kerry-Dublin final. But it wouldn't surprise me to see Mayo in the final. And it wouldn't surprise me to see Tyrone in the final. My gut is telling me that there is the potential for huge, huge drama in both games. I think both games could provide fireworks. There is not a lot between the teams on the field of play. We have seen that much.
What we can't see is how the players in each team are thinking right now. I remember sitting with a friend one night – late one night – and whatever we were chatting about, he said: “If we only had hindsight at the time”.
It still makes me laugh when I hear him saying it but the odd thing is that in sport, you can have that hindsight. If you can understand the consequences of where you are at as you move through the defining days of your sporting life, it can put you in a deeper and a stronger place when you need it most.
That may make the difference as the teams turn the bend for home.
It is about who can see the end line most clearly.
The entrepreneur's superior woodworking skills come in handy in designing the interior of her olive store store in Paseo Nuevo mall
Entrepreneur Andrea Newville took a chance when she changed her career and moved to Santa Barbara. So far, it has paid off.
“Eleven months ago I moved here sight unseen,” said Newville, founder of Viva Oliva. “I just wanted to move to the coast, and there was one other olive oil store in town, so I started looking around Santa Barbara and wanted to go to the most trafficked area.”
Family-owned and operated Viva Olivia, located in the heart of the Paseo Nuevo mall at 207 Paseo Nuevo.
But before Newville's move, she literally had to build her success. The self-employed mother of three had a custom woodworking business in Prescott, Ariz., when she decided it was time for a change.
“It was a very successful business, but also very tough,” Newville said. “While it was fun, it was hard work and I was working too many hours, although it allowed me to raise my kids and make enough money to get them through life.”
Her daughter, Amanda Runyan, who works full time at the store and takes classes at SBCC along with her sister Ellie, is happy about the change.
“It was cool that she was a woman getting into something that was traditionally a male-dominated business, but I prefer this,” Runyan said. “It suits her better. It was really hard labor, and I didn't like that. With this she can still have as much fun and still have fun with her woodwork.”
Newville used her carpentry skills to handcraft each wood display in her store. She said a sleek design coupled with a health-conscious clientele and affordable prices translated into a successful business.
“(The business is) new and different, but people know the history of olive oil and its health benefits and the quality sells itself,” Newville said. “I'm able to keep prices low, which allows more people to enjoy my product — I can't believe how many college students come in.”
Olive oil's monounsaturated fatty acids and its antioxidants protect against heart disease by controlling cholesterol levels, and also ease digestion.
Viva Olivia gets its oil from a family-run supplier in Oakland, helping keep prices in the range of $15 to $30 a bottle. It also means its product is only several months old, unlike some grocery store varieties that lose their antioxidative substances after one year.
“They are the freshest oils and vinegars in Santa Barbara because the olives were harvested between April and June this year,” Newville said. “I have nonflavored, infused and fused oils and vinegars.”
Flavors include chocolate, blueberry, black cherry and blackberry ginger.
After its opening last October, Viva Olivia turned a profit in one month and its online business took off. Newville hopes to expand her product with oil-concentrated bath products and gourmet food, and eventually open another store.
“My daughters know my hard work always pays off, and I will do anything to make something work,” Newville said.
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
LONDON — When Thiago Silva moved to Russia more than a decade ago, tuberculosis nearly derailed his career.
This year, the Brazil defender will be back in the country playing at the World Cup.
The 33-year-old Silva joined Dynamo Moscow in 2005 but soon felt chest pain that needed to be checked out. It was found to be tuberculosis, which put him in the hospital for five months. Russian doctors even considered removing part of his lungs.
"That would have ended my career, I needed guardian angels to take me away," Silva said this week at the Brazilian team's training camp in London. "I was a bit overwhelmed in a friendly we played against Russia this year. It is different for me to play there. I hope I can erase that by lifting the World Cup trophy."
Silva, who now plays for Paris Saint-Germain alongside Brazil teammate Neymar, never played a match for Dynamo but ended up being the captain of his national team at the last World Cup. In Russia, though, Silva may struggle to find a starting position under coach Tite.
Another PSG player, Marquinhos, and Inter Milan defender Miranda have started most of Brazil's matches in the last two years.
When Silva had his health issues in 2005, it was Dynamo coach Ivo Wortmann who stopped the defender from having surgery on his lungs.
"I knew Thiago from Brazil, took him to Porto B and approved his transfer to Russia," Wortmann, who is also Brazilian, told The Associated Press.
Silva's mother, Angela, and his wife, Isabelle, also thought the surgery was unnecessary.
"I told them no one would open my husband up and end his dream," Isabelle said. "I am not a doctor, but no one believed he should go through surgery.
Digitisation, networking and big data are megatrends in the electronics industry, to which electronics manufacturers today should react quickly and with flexibility. Huge data volumes have to be managed and archived for the long term. At the same time, demands on performance are increasing. Rehm has developed a smart system software with the new ViCON that not only provides the best possible control of the VisionX series, but also increases machine uptime and efficiency with numerous analysis tools.
“As the volume of data in modern industrial plants increases, so too do the demands on machine control in today's digital transformation. We presented our new software to an international expert audience at this year”s “productronica”. The visitors were particularly impressed by the new tools that make everyday production easier. This shows that we as an industry leader and global player are in tune with the times with ViCON and are implementing new trends ready for series production,” says Johannes Rehm, Managing Director of Rehm Thermal Systems.
Keep the line running – a good basis counts
Rehm has achieved a small milestone in the development of modern operating concepts with the new software. ViCON stands out with a clearly structured interface design and intuitive touch control. All messages, commands and parameters are visible at a glance in the main screen with machine view. With numerous features, for example, a favourites bar that can be freely added, the unique grouping of parameters or the individual process monitoring and documentation, ViCON offers the operator optimum support for all manufacturing processes. Access rights, views and favourites are tailored exactly to each user. The objective is to depict the system”s current operating status clearly so that the operator can react quickly to status and alarm messages. Only the relevant information is displayed, and a cluttered software interface is a thing of the past.
In addition to the basic software, Rehm is developing additional features to increase efficiency, including monitoring tools from ViCON Analytics range, the ViCON Connect remote manager for monitoring the entire Rehm machinery and the ViCON App, which allows the operator to keep an eye on production in a mobile way.
ViCON Analytics: Greater transparency in the manufacture of electronics
What is happening in the reflow soldering system? What areas can be further improved? Where are the hidden potential savings? These questions can be answered quickly with ViCON Analytics. Special monitoring tools capture the plant”s data on quality, costs or performance and collate the results in clearly laid-out logs. This makes corresponding analyses possible and potential for improvement apparent.
ViCON Connect: Flexible operation – offline, online or on the system
Being able to access the machine from anywhere and at any time is essentially these days. With remote access via ViCON Connect, the operator can retrieve machine data at any time, switch directly to the system, and monitor production conveniently at the workstation. This makes it possible, in conjunction with a cross-divisional system, to maintain an overview of the entire production – even worldwide!
Mobile retrieval of system data with the ViCON App
The App – developed especially for ViCON – allows mobile access to all the relevant system information via smartphone. Operating status and alarms are visible at first glance. The responsive design ensures optimum display on varied devices, thus offering a convenient overview – system-wide for IOS, Android and Windows. The ViCON App is not restricted to a specific system; instead it represents all Rehm systems that are installed during the production and which have been connected to the App.
Latest NHL Power RankingsThe Predators are back on top as they play leapfrog with the Lightning.
Latest NBA Power RankingsThe Portland Trail Blazers have won 13 straight games to climb into third place in the West.
Top 5 NASCAR Drivers Of All Time
The Top 5 Wrestlers Of All Time
30 Players: NL Central Rich With Young PitchingLuis Castillo, Jameson Taillon, Josh Hader head the division's crop of flourishing arms all looking to try and chase down the Cubs.
30 Players: Ohtani, Barreto Top List Of Best Prospects In AL WestThe Angels made a big splash this off-season adding a big, young talent to their team.
WWE's Luke Harper Talks First Movie Role, Bludgeon BrothersLuke Harper talks about filming 'Mohawk' and the rise of The Bludgeon Brothers in WWE's crowded tag-team field.
(AUDIO) Juran Bolden Says Josh McCown Played with Conviction
Virginia Looks Ready For Deep Tournament RunIs this finally the year Tony Bennett's crew busts down the door and makes it to the Final Four?
Best NCAA Tournament Team-Name StoriesNCAA team names are among the more interesting in sports. From Boilermakers to Bulldogs, some origin stories aren't quite what you'd think.
Ireland have included a few exciting names in their squad for this week's Intercontinental Cup clash with the Netherlands, which gets underway at 11am in Malahide on Tuesday.
Ireland under-19 captain Jack Tector has impressed at all levels this summer and could take advantage of the absence of Paul Stirling at the top of the order against the Dutch.
Cricket Ireland confirmed on Monday that Stirling would miss the match despite playing two T20 matches for Middlesex last week. The all-rounder is following a “graduated return to play” schedule after suffering a calf injury in July and “it was felt that the demands and rigours of four-day cricket at this important stage of his recovery could put him at a greater risk of a recurrence of his injury”.
The other new name in John Bracewell's squad is Instonians' Australian-born seamer Nathan Smith, who has also stood out at interprovincial and ‘A' international level this summer.
Bracewell welcomes back all-rounder Kevin O'Brien and opening bowler Boyd Rankin after they missed the heavy defeat to Afghanistan in India at the end of March.
Ireland now trail the Afghans by a point, although the elevation of both countries to Test status in June has left the battle for the Intercontinental Cup title more a matter of pride that the previous high stakes of the winner earning a shot at Test status.
IRELAND (v Netherlands, ICC Intercontinental Cup, August 15th-18th, Malahide, 11am): William Porterfield (Warwickshire, capt), John Anderson (Merrion), Andrew Balbirnie (Pembroke), Peter Chase (Malahide), Ed Joyce (Leinster Lightning), Barry McCarthy (Durham), Jacob Mulder (North Down), Tim Murtagh (Middlesex), Kevin O'Brien (Railway Union), Boyd Rankin (Warwickshire), Simi Singh (YMCA), Nathan Smith (Instonians), Jack Tector (YMCA), Gary Wilson (Derbyshire).
More than 1,000 clerical staff are to be placed on a higher pay scale as part of a series of side deals agreed by the Government in tandem with the draft public service accord.
In addition, thousands of civil service personnel are to receive additional leave, while a number of allowances are to be restored for some groups of recently recruited employees.
The Department of Public Expenditure and Reform also said on Wednesday that prison officers and firefighters are to receive an extra €500 in rent allowance payments. This is similar to the rise in rent allowance secured by gardaí last November in a Labour Court recommendation that averted a threatened strike.
Open recruitment at executive officer level in the civil service is to be scaled back, in a move which would enhance promotional prospects for internal candidates.
The Government's concessions to a number of public service groups contained in previously undisclosed side agreements are conditional on the draft new public service agreement being accepted by State employees.
Abolished
The new measures are in addition to the terms of the draft agreement which was negotiated last week.
The department said on Wednesday that radiographers working for the BreastCheck service, who were appointed after 2012, were to receive allowances worth about €4,000 which were abolished in 2011.
Siptu, which represents radiographers, said the allowance was paid in respect of travel to mobile clinics operated by the BreastCheck service.
The Department of Public Expenditure also said that a livestock allowance for certain technical offers in the Department of Agriculture – which is understood to be worth about €3,000 a year – was to be restored for staff appointed after 2012.
It said a tool allowance for craftworkers in local authorities, the Office of Public Works and in the health and education sectors was also to be restored for staff appointed after 2012.
The department also said the number of clerical officers in the civil service who are on a higher pay scale is to be increased to 25 per cent by 2019.
The difference in pay between the standard and higher clerical officer rates is about €1,000, depending on where an individual is on the scale.
The department said that at present 15 per cent of clerical officers were on the higher scale.
“Following on from claims submitted to conciliation and arbitration and from discussions at general council, the department has now proposed that this will increase to 20 per cent in 2018 and by a further 5 per cent to 25 per cent in 2019.”
Additional leave
The department also said that from January of next year executive officers would receive one additional leave day after 12 years and another additional leave day after 14 years. This follows a claim brought by their trade union earlier this year.
The department said this provision for additional leave for those with longer service was now to be extended to clerical officers in the civil service.
In another side agreement, the level of open recruitment to executive officer posts in the civil service is to be scaled back.
“The ratio for recruitment at executive officer grade shall be changed from 50 (open): 25 (interdepartmental): 25 (internal) to 40:30:30 for the duration of the agreement,” the department said.
The Government has also formally agreed to the restoration of a number of allowances for recently recruited nurses in keeping with a deal reached at Relations Commission last March which headed off potential industrial action.
The department said the cost of side agreements reached in tandem with the draft public service accord would be less than €10 million.
Meanwhile, nurses said their initial assessment was that improvements in pay and conditions set out in the draft new public service agreement fell short of the requirements to address staff recruitment and retention difficulties.
However, the executive of the Irish Nurses and Midwives' Organisation has deferred until the end of a month a final decision on whether to recommend the proposed accord to members in a forthcoming ballot.
The union, which represents close to 40,000 nurses, said it was holding off on a final decision to allow for a consultation with key activists and to seek clarification from the Minister for Health on specific proposals in the agreement on recruitment and retention issues.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
The 10-year budget the Mayor Phil Goff will probably get passed by the Auckland Council today invites easy criticism. It fulfils his 2016 election promise to keep annual rate rises to no more than 2.5 per cent. But on top of that there will be a new dedicated rate for upgrading the city's drains, another for environmental problems such as kauri dieback and the regional petrol tax for scheduled transport projects.
It is the total bill that matters to ratepayers and the mayor will not expect much praise for keeping the letter of his promise rather than the spirit.
The stated purposes of the additional levies are not outside the normal range of council responsibilities that citizens expect their general rate to cover. It is reasonable to expect the council to meet these responsibilities by finding ways to operate more efficiently within its general revenue. If after ratepayers have seen such an exercise, the city is still unable to do everything they require, a rates increase becomes more palatable.
Nevertheless, there is much to be said for dedicated, or "targeted", rates. They can be tied to specific projects, giving ratepayers greater confidence that they will gain something of value from their additional outlay, and they can expire once they have covered the project's cost. But the additional rates Goff is putting before the council today are not well targeted to specific projects.
Advertisement
The fuel tax, for example, would be more palatable if it were to be tied to the cost of the central rail link now under construction. But the tax turns out to be dedicated to almost everything but that project, for which the council may still need to find a source of finance for its contribution.
The levy Aucklanders will soon be paying at petrol pumps has no fewer than 14 "targets", few of them being a specific construction. It is to be allocated for such things as "bus priority improvements", "improving airport access", "park and rides", "road safety", "active transport".
Under each heading some projects are specified but it is not these that will limit the life or the purpose of the tax. Most of its stated purposes are sufficiently broad to cover any number of future projects the council might decide to do. The levy on petrol looks purposely designed to become a permanent source of council finance, unlike the "interim transport levy" it replaces.
The additional rate proposed for "water quality" appears to be more precisely targeted to the problem of beach water contamination after heavy rain. It will provide $452 million to enable to reduce wastewater overflows within 10 years rather than the 30 years scheduled by Watercare Services under loans raised against water charges. Most Aucklanders might gladly pay an extra $66 a year for our beaches to be free of the health warnings that blighted them last summer but ominously the project does not promise to fix the problem, only "reduce" it.
Money alone does not fix anything, or course. It has to be used effectively. One of the best ways to see that it is used effectively it to earmark it for clearly defined work that can be seen to happen and its results measured. That is the test the mayor's budget should have to pass.
As the global transportation & logistic industry observes convergence through adoption of data-centric solutions, predictive analytics & simulation software are likely to be in great demand in the future. As a measure to improve efficiency of transportation operations, predictive analytics and simulation software use the captured data to determine patterns, and show future outcomes & trends related to transportation. Apropos the report published by Future Market Insights, rising number of connected vehicles will also be a key booster for adoption of transportation predictive analytics & simulation solutions. Since vehicle connectivity is on an upsurge, several automakers have modified their automotive offerings by instating features such as sensors and advanced tracking systems enabled with engine diagnostics.
According to Future Market Insights' report, connected cars are capable of generating information regarding traffic flow, engine performance, etc. in real time. This data can be extracted using transportation predictive analytics and simulation, thus providing better analysis of transportation authorities. In terms of value, the global transportation predictive analytics and simulation market was valued at US$ 1,550.0 Mn in 2016, and is expected to reach US$ 3,916.6 Mn by 2027-end. During this forecast period, the market will reflect robust growth at a CAGR of 8.9%.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2075
Increasing vehicular traffics witnessed across the globe, and the earnest need for saving costs through cost-effective data solutions, and thereby rendering operational efficiency in logistics sector are also observed as key drivers for growth of global transportation predictive analytics & simulation market. In the report, titled “Transportation Predictive Analytics & Simulation Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2017-2027,” North America is projected to remain the largest market for transportation predictive analytics and simulation solutions North America's transportation predictive analytics and simulation market will account for 35% of the market revenues by 2027-end. The region will also register the fastest revenue growth at 10.5%, while Japan and the Asia-Pacific excluding Japan region will reflect growth at more than 9% CAGRs.
The report emphasizes on how predictive analytics can help companies to maximise revenue and minimise transportation costs by predicting customer demand while dealing with any capacity limitations. They can help airline companies devise a business strategy such as adjusting flight schedules or flight fares during different demand periods, and help maximise revenues as well as increase customer satisfaction. In 2016, more than US$ 230 Mn worth of transportation predictive analytics and simulation solutions were deployed in airline transport sectors across the globe. Nevertheless, in the long run, roadways will remain the most crucial component of transport for adoption of predictive analytics and simulation solutions; global revenues from which will soar at 9.8% CAGR through 2027.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2075
Taking into account the rising use of microscopic transportation simulation platforms for infrastructure planning, more than one-third of global transportation predictive analytics and simulation revenues will be accounted by microscopic simulation throughout the forecast period. Demand for macroscopic simulation, however, is projected to witness marginal decline in terms of its global revenue share. The report also predicts that on-premise deployment models will lose traction, but will still dominate the market revenues. Meanwhile, cloud-based deployment of transportation predictive analytics and simulation in the forecast period will bring in over US$ 1,400 Mn in global revenues.
More than 90% of the global transportation predictive analytics and simulation market will remain dominated by software over services. And, the report has profiled leading developers of transportation predictive analytics and simulation software & solutions, which include, IBM Corporation, Xerox Corporation, SAP AG, PTV Group, Cubic Corporation, Space-Time Insight, Tiger Analytics Inc., T-Systems International GmbH, Predikto Inc., and Cyient-Insights.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/transportation-predictive-analytics-and-simulation-market
Behind the unflappably calm façade of Beauden Barrett burns a fierce desire to re-impose himself as the world's best player during the Rugby Championship.
He's not one to offer much, if any insight into his emotions. He's a straight bat sort of guy when he talks about the game - calm, relaxed, positive, respectful and never verbose to the extent there is never going to be any headlines based on what he says.
Which is deliberate because Barrett, who in no way craves the limelight, would rather that if he has to be in it, then it should be for what he does on the field.
And it would be apparent, despite Barrett's usual, easy-going exchange with the rugby media today that lying beneath the surface is an intensity to deliver a commanding performance in the opening Bledisloe Cup clash.
Advertisement
The dominant wow performance that he delivered almost every test last year, didn't materialise in the recent series against the British & Irish Lions.
The visitors shut down him down with their rush defence. The Lions got in his space, reduced his time on the ball and collectively the All Blacks didn't have either the skill execution of strategy to play their way out of trouble.
Barrett, therefore, was never able to stamp his authority on proceedings and the All Blacks, without their tactical director on the bridge as prominently as they would have liked, struggled to be in the right places and do the right things.
There was considerable disappointment within the All Blacks that they didn't find solutions to their problems during the series and Barrett unquestionably feels much of the responsibility for that failing.
"We were perhaps tested in areas where we haven't been before so that's exactly what we wanted," he said. "We ask those hard questions of ourselves and of our teammates and it gets the best out of the team. It is just what we needed.
"Some teams in Super Rugby adopt that style of defence too and we do understand that it puts the person with the ball under a bit more pressure, but there are opportunities elsewhere so if the Wallabies do bring that on Saturday we have learned ways to deal with that."
He says that with an intensity that gives away how much he wants to use the opening Bledisloe Cup clash to prove what he has taken on board. It's one thing to be talking about what has been learned, but it is emphatic and considerably more compelling to actually prove it with a definitive and commanding performance.
He feels much the same way about his goal-kicking, which was immaculate in the first test against the Lions and then patchy in the second and third. He can't go back in time to land those missed goals, but he can answer his critics in six days by improving his accuracy.
"There can only be one kicker mate and he's not here," Barrett said when asked whether the absence of younger brother Jordie puts added pressure on him.
"I have been goal kicking since I was six years old so I have always been analysing my technique and it is no different to any other skill set. I am excited about working hard on various areas of my game and excited by this weekend."
What's also driving Barrett's excitement is the opportunity to drive a big statement performance against the Wallabies.
However much Australian rugby may have its troubles at the moment, no one in the All Blacks is silly enough to believe they will face anything other than a highly motivated, well-drilled Wallabies team on Saturday.
An no one within the All Blacks has lost any of their enthusiasm for the rivalry. Barrett confirmed that he still can't shake the memory of John Eales landing that last-minute penalty in 2000 and that behind the World Cup, the Bledisloe is the trophy the All Blacks covet the most.
The analysts of Persistence Market Research have recently come up with a new publication titled “Organic Fertilizer Market: Global Industry Analysis and Forecast, 2017-2025.” The expert team of analysts has observed that the global organic fertilizer market is highly fragmented and the market players are focused on the expansion of production capacities and strengthening partnerships with distributors to enhance their global footprint. The analysts have further observed that Europe is projected to hold a significant market share in the global organic fertilizer market and will continue to exhibit its dominance throughout the assessed period.
Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2968
APAC is projected to exhibit higher growth as compared to other regions over the forecast period. While examining the strategies of the key players in this market, importance has been given to studying market trends and consumer demand patterns to continuously evolve in product offerings and ensure uninterrupted revenue generation and expansion of the distribution channel.
Current scenario of the global organic fertilizer market
The impending market change for organic fertilizers is supported by the demands for sustainable methods of agriculture in addition to further government initiatives via workshops and subsidies for encouraging the use of organic fertilizers. With significant shortages and a lower number of competitors in the market as compared to the broader fertilizer market, the global organic fertilizer market is poised to undergo significant changes with respect to product innovation, competitive landscape, and production.
Forecast factors and their relevance and impact on the global organic fertilizer market
There is a double-digit growth in the organic food and drink market, which is anticipated to create a heavy impact on the global organic fertilizer market. Organic agricultural land has shown an increase of about 30% in the last 10 years. This has a huge impact on the demand for organic fertilizers. The contribution of the agricultural sector to the GDP is an important factor that shows the region wise impact.
Send An Enquiry: http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/2968
Report Structure
The report begins with the market definition, followed by definitions of the different organic fertilizers in the market. The market dynamics section includes Persistence Market Research's analysis of key trends, drivers, restraints, opportunities and macro-economic factors influencing the development of the global organic fertilizer market. Also, the pricing analysis of different products in the segment is mentioned for upcoming products of organic fertilizers. The report analyzes the global organic fertilizer market on the basis of source, form, application and region and presents a forecast by value for the next eight years. The global organic fertilizer market has also been analyzed in terms of basis point share (BPS) to understand individual segments' relative contributions to market growth. This detailed level of information is important for identifying various key trends in the global organic fertilizer market.
Finally, a competitive landscape has been included in this report to provide report audiences with a dashboard view. Detailed profiles of the providers are included in the scope of the report to evaluate their long-term and short-term strategies, key offerings and recent developments in the global organic fertilizer market. Various barriers to entry in the industry are analyzed and rated on the basis of their impact on the competition level in the market.
Market Segmentation
By Source
Plant Origin
Animal Origin
By Application
Cereals and Crops
Fruits and Vegetables
Lawns and Turfs
By Form
Solid
Liquid
By Region
North America
Latin America
Europe
APAC
MEA
Research Methodology
The report focuses on highlighting consumption of primary organic fertilizers across the globe. Macro-economic indicators such as GDP and industrial production index have been considered while forecasting market numbers. The analysts have used the top-down approach to assess market numbers for each category, while the bottom-up approach has been used to counter validate the market estimations.
Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/organic-fertilizer-market
The sources that the analysts have used while examining the global organic fertilizer market are World Bank, IMF, company annual and financial reports and industry association publications. While doing primary research, the analysts have identified key opinion leaders, designed questionnaires and have conducted in-depth interviews. The company analysis comprises detailed information on business strategies, product offerings, key strengths and key focus segments. In-depth secondary research has been used to ascertain overall market size, top industry players, top products and industry associations.
About Us
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: http://www.mrrse.com/
Dr. Jack Friedlander, SBCC acting superintendent/president, has been asked by the Obama administration to participate in the Winning the Future initiative as a Champion of Change.
The initiative is part of President Barack Obama's plan to advance the goal of having the best educated and most competitive work force in the world.
Each week, the White House invites a group of Americans, businesses or organizations who embody the “Innovate, Educate and Build” motto for a discussion regarding their respective fields. Different groups are highlighted each week, ranging from educators to entrepreneurs to community activities.
Friedlander will attend Wednesday's session in Washington, D.C., to share ideas and best practices for innovation and higher education in the community college field with senior leaderships within the executive branch and other community college leaders.
This particular group will feature a number of administrators from the 10 community colleges nationwide, including SBCC, that were named the finalists for the prestigious Aspen Institute College Excellence Award Program. This project, which received endorsement from President Obama after the White House Community College Summit last year, recognizes extraordinary accomplishments at individual community colleges and carries a $1 million prize fund.
“Nothing is more critical at the moment to jump-start the nation's economy than adequately educating our work force to meet the job demands of the 21st century,” Friedlander said. “Being just average is not good enough anymore in today's environment, and Santa Barbara City College has always prided itself on being an exceptional institution that provides students with the outstanding education they need to successfully compete in today's competitive global market. I look forward to sharing what we have been doing at SBCC and learning more from my colleagues at these Champions of Change session at the White House.”
— Joan Galvan is a public information officer for SBCC.
Quality of life in military HIV patients affected by advanced disease and mental comorbidity
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Advanced HIV disease and mental or medical comorbidity may affect health-related quality of life in military HIV patients.
Modifiable factors associated with health-related quality of life in active military duty and beneficiaries with HIV include advanced HIV disease and mental or medical comorbidity, according to data published in PLoS One.
Leonard Emuren, MD, MPH, PhD, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, Dornsife School of Public Health, Drexel University, Philadelphia, and colleagues sought to determine the factors associated with health-related quality of life in military HIV patients and evaluate whether quality of life is affected by antiretroviral treatment.
Members of the United States HIV Natural History Study cohort who completed the Short Form 36 (SF-36) between 2006 and 2010 were included in the study. The researchers computed physical component summaries and mental health component summaries, and used multivariate linear regression models to estimate the association between selected factors and health-related quality of life scores.
The investigators found that antiretroviral therapy was not independently associated with health-related quality of life scores. Factors that were associated with the physical component summary were a CD4+ count <200 cells/m3 (β= -5.84), mental comorbidity (β= -2.51), and AIDS diagnosis (β= -2.38). Additional factors included military rank, marital status, and age.
The results also showed that factors associated with the mental health component summary included CD4+ count <200 cells/m3 (β= -1.93), mental comorbidity (β= -6.25), age (β= 0.37), and African American ethnicity (β= 1.55).
Reference
The first ever global business convention in Mizoram –The Magnetic Mizoram Investors Summit organized by the Government of Mizoram and its state partners Innovations India garnered immense response from the investors.
Pacts worth Rs 2,100 crores were signed in Solar Energy & Hospitality sectors. Speaking at the closing ceremony of a two day summit, Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla said, “The signing of pacts between the Mizoram Government and private companies for Rs 2,100 crore investments in Mizoram was an indication of the success of the summit.”
Rs. 600 crore projects for generating solar energy was signed between the Mizoram Government and Sungevity Enterprises, while Rs. 1,500 crore multifaceted hospitality project for creation of a Tourism destination and entertainment zone in Mizoram was signed between the Mizoram Government and Hospitality Doctor.
While expressing hope that both the state government and investors would benefit from the summit, Lal Thanhawla said that Mizoram is walking towards the path of development and measures are being underway to improve connectivity in the state to attract more investors.
He further stated that Mizoram would soon become an ideal place for investment as it will be a gateway and hub for border trade between India and South Asian countries. He also thanked all the delegates from different parts of India and abroad, who attended the two day summit in Aizawl.
The two day Magnetic Mizoram Investors Summit held at the picturesque Tourist Complex Convention Centre at Berawtlang on the outskirts of Aizawl was supported by State Bank of India, Airtel, NDTV Goodtimes, INDIA POST, ICFAI University, Leading Edge Adventures, IIM Kolkata, US India Strategic Partnership Forum and was attended by around 1,000 people including Investors & Industry leaders from India and abroad, Diplomats, Representatives of states and government, Senior policymakers, Leaders from the corporate world, Heads of International Institutions, policymakers, Academicians and Local Entrepreneurs.
The summit also marked the presence of Home Minister Sh.R. Lalzirliana, Finance Minister Sh. Lal Sawta, Industry & Commerce Minister Sh. H. Rohluna, Secretary Ministry of DoNER Sh. Naveen Verma, OSD(states) Ministry of External Affairs Sh. MLK Raja as well as almost all top bureaucrats of Mizoram.
Captain Rahul Bali, CEO of Magnetic Mizoram Investors Summit said, “It's indeed very heartening to see the overwhelming response and participation at this ambitious endeavor of ours. The convergence of so many Industry leaders from across the Business world testifies that Mizoram is the new hub for business and investments. The Summit has provided us with a strong impetus on our way to development ”
A total of 6 technical sessions and panel discussions by distinguished panelists with active participation of delegates from India and various countries like Germany, Russia, Poland and Singapore were conducted during the two-day summit that became a platform for deliberation on investments, new projects and to promote business cooperation across various sectors of trade and industry in Mizoram.
China: Steel play a crucial part in our lives, it is used in various electricity power line towers, utensils, gas pipelines, tools, machinery, weapons and many other things which make our lives comfortable. It is multi-functional and most flexible of all the metals. It is better in many ways and is used more widely than any other metal, it is also very convenient to use it, and its advantages are undoubtedly evident to all. It can be said that steel is the backbone of the developed economies. It has many positive characteristics like it is weldable, cold and hot formable, suitable machinability, corrosion resistant, tough and wear resistant.
It requires low production cost than other materials; it is environment-friendly and can also be recycled. The production of steel is 20 times higher than the output of all non-ferrous metals. With the high demand for steel items, several companies have emerged in last few years. Shanghai Metal Corporation is a leading manufacturing organization in Shanghai, China. It produces products different type of products including steel and which are essential for various industries.
The company makes the custom steel structure with the in-house steel fabrication, steel detailing and field installation. It provides technologically advanced products and stock steel, or structural repair needs to fabricate or design building projects requirements like columns, beams, solar array support frames, awnings, ladders and many more. For the government sector or contractors, it fabricates items like perforated casings, tanks, crossover platforms, access ladders, catwalks and many more.
The company manufactures light steel frame; these have a variety of uses. These are a site is ready to assemble kits; all the components are drilled, labeled, punched, marked and require screwing. These are available in a variety of unique and different foundation types. Light steel frame homes are also available, which are built with perfection and they are indistinguishable from traditional mortar or brick house.
The organization is also involved in light steel construction; it has various advantages. It can be useful for the job sites which are difficult to reach; it can reduce the time dramatically. These frames are far better than wooden structures, as they are dimensionally stable and it is less susceptible to weather, it is also resistant to vermin and pests. It is low cost with unlimited designs. Maximum producers of light steel frames make frames according to the specification of the customer, which means every profile is cut to size, with screw holes and service holes.
About Shanghai Metal Corporation:
Shanghai Metal Corporation was founded in 1980, Shanghai, China. Since then it is known for manufacturing products like machinery, mechanical products, medical, construction, containers and many more. To acquire enhanced details, visit their website.
Contact:
Person: Shanghai Metal
Company: Shanghai Metal Corporation
Add: 20 Floor, Yuan Mansion, 738 Dongfang Road, Shanghai, China
Tel: 8621-58309368
Site: www.shanghaimetal.com
Email: sales@shanghaimetal.com
0:15 An explosive way to get a bottle of sparkling wine ready for sale Pause
0:54 Dan Baum's advice for Top 20 Under 40 winners
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
1:53 Arty McGoo demonstrates how to decorate a Valentine's Day cookie
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A blaze on Saddleworth Moor which fire crews have been fighting for more than a week is being treated as arson.
Police say witnesses reported that people were lighting a bonfire on the moorland above Stalybridge, Greater Manchester, on the early evening of Sunday June 24 - about 50 minutes before the first emergency call to raise the alarm.
The fire on land at Buckton Vale, east of Manchester, later led two days later to the evacuation of dozens of homes in the village of Carrbrook as flames threatened to engulf properties and continued to spread as fire crews from across the country, with the assistance of the Army, successfully battled to keep the area safe.
On Wednesday with the fire still burning, although under control, Greater Manchester Police said the bonfire sighting was being pursued as a possible line of inquiry.
(Image: PA)
Chief Superintendent Neil Evans said: "The moorland fire is now being investigated as arson following information from local witnesses and initial inquiries.
"The scale of this fire is exceptional and we are treating it with the utmost seriousness.
"That said, we are under no illusion that solid evidence as to where the fire started and what was the cause will not be easy to establish."
WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. government's ethics watchdog urged the White House to investigate and possibly discipline President Donald Trump's counselor Kellyanne Conway for comments she made about Ivanka Trump's fashion line, according to a letter made public Tuesday.
The Office of Government Ethics wrote to White House attorneys that there was reason to believe that Conway violated the standards of ethical conduct for executive employees by endorsing the president's daughter's products during a television interview last week.
The government ethics office's recommendation was the latest in a series of complications for Conway.
Just Monday, Conway said in a television appearance that National Security Adviser Michael Flynn had Trump's full confidence, hours before Trump fired him. Over the past few weeks, Conway has also referred to a “Bowling Green Massacre” that never occurred, and she was caught up in a public feud with news network CNN, which said it decided not to have her on a Sunday show.
Asked about Conway's remarks on Flynn, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday that Trump's decision to ask for Flynn's resignation unfolded over time. “It was an evolving and eroding process,” Spicer said. “Once (President Trump) has determined he has made the decision on any subject, that's when he informs the staff. So, going into the day, it was an evolving situation.”
Conway has said she misspoke about the massacre and disputed CNN's characterization of why she didn't appear on their show, saying she was unavailable. In an interview on NBC's “Today” show on Tuesday, Conway denied that her comments about Flynn's future were inconsistent with his standing with Trump, saying “both were true.”
The comments that got Conway in hot water with ethics officials came during a Feb. 9 interview on Fox News.
Appearing from the White House briefing room, Conway urged viewers to “go buy Ivanka's stuff” before adding that she was going to “give a free commercial here. Go buy it today everybody, you can find it online.”
The comments came a day after Trump tweeted that he believed his daughter had been treated “unfairly” by the department store Nordstrom, which had recently dropped the fashion line. The company has said the decision was not political, but was based on declining sales.
In the letter to the White House, Walter Shaub, the director of the government ethics office, wrote that Conway's comments appear to be a “clear violation of the prohibition against misuse of position.”
Spicer, the White House spokesman, said last week that Conway has been “counseled” about her comments, but the government ethics office said it has yet to receive any guidance on what if anything happened as a corrective action. The White House didn't immediately respond to questions sent via email Tuesday.
The letter notes lawyers for the White House and the government ethics office spoke on Feb. 9, the day of Conway's interview, and that Rep. Jason Chaffetz, the Utah Republican chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform committee, and Rep. Elijah Cummings, the committee's ranking Democratic member from Maryland, asked OGE to follow up. Chaffetz has said that Conway's comments were “wrong, wrong, wrong” and “clearly over the line.”
The government ethics office is requesting that White House lawyers tell them in writing by Feb. 28 what they've done about Conway's comments. The office advises executive branch officials on abiding by ethics laws and rules but doesn't have investigative or enforcement authority.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Dr. Govinda KC spent 22 days lying on a gurney in a hospital in Nepal's capital Kathmandu, but he was not a patient. The orthopedic surgeon was on hunger strike.
KC has gone on hunger strike 10 times over the past four years in an attempt to pressure the government to improve healthcare in the impoverished Himalayan nation — and he is sure he will have to strike again, bangkokpost.com wrote.
"The hospitals and medical institutions, they don't have proper infrastructure. They don't have adequate manpower, adequate equipment," said KC from a hospital bed where he is recovering from his latest fast.
Nepal — a country of 28 million people — has only seven doctors, nurses and midwives, and 50 hospital beds, for every 10,000 people, according to the World Health Organization.
The WHO recommends at least 34.5 skilled healthcare professionals per 10,000 people.
The limited health sector was further strained after the devastating 2015 earthquake, which damaged nearly a third of public clinics and hospitals.
More than 80 percent of the population live in rural areas, reliant on rudimentary state-run clinics, while hospitals are concentrated in cities — and are mostly private.
"Private health care is linked to higher out-of-pocket payments, which leads to more people being impoverished as a result of health care," said Jos Vandelaer, country director for the WHO in Nepal.
Health Minister Gagan Thapa said that while Nepal has made improvements, reducing child and maternal mortality, healthcare remained limited — and expensive.
"You have one liver problem and you are back into poverty," he said.
Something of a medical Robin Hood, KC, 60, is well known in Nepal for his philanthropic work, traveling to some of the country's most remote communities to provide medical care and train local health workers.
He lives in doctors' quarters at the back of the hospitals where he works and spends less than a third of his salary on himself, using most of it to buy drugs and basic equipment for his clinics. His only luxury is a 20-year-old television.
He has traveled alone to help out in disaster zones around the world, offering his services to local hospitals in Haiti following the 2010 earthquake and the Philippines after Typhoon Haiyan.
Nepal has been plagued by political instability since it transformed from a Hindu monarchy to a federal state in 2008, two years after the end of the bloody decade-long Maoist insurgency.
The revolving door politics has seen competing parties seek to retain influence by stacking loyalists within the bureaucratic structures —including in the health sector.
A new constitution agreed last year included a pledge for universal healthcare, but the charter is yet to be implemented.
Private hospitals and medical colleges have mushroomed, filling a hole left by the limited government-run health sector, and often owned by the politically well-connected.
"It is supposed to be a service-orientated sector, but it has turned to be [a] profit making sector for the political parties, for the politicians themselves," said KC.
Top of KC's demands is an end to the political meddling that he says is putting business interests ahead of developing public health services.
Training is particularly contentious, dominated by fee-based medical schools which critics say lack basic facilities and enroll too many students each year.
"There is no commercialization of the medical education sector in the big developed countries, whereas in our country it is so rampantly commercialized," said KC, who trained in Bangladesh with residencies in Britain and Switzerland.
The global blockchain bases platform for culture and art industry.Myart project.
Myart: The global blockchain bases platform for culture and art industry.Revolutionizing culture and art industry with a sharing economy powered by blockchain technology,Myart offers one stop service fully integrated upstream and downstream industry culture art circulation system through track System ,appraise System ,bid System ,warehouse System,lending System,security System which can do make more realist and more effect for culture and art industry.The project has attracted the attention from investors the United States,Nepal,Belarus,Albania,Korea, Thailand,China Hong Kong and other countries and regions.
About Blockchain,Myart does make artwork information real and transparent.All people participate in community and assess.Conclusion is made by dozens of domestic and foreign authoritative appraisal institutions.Witnessed jointly by thousands of industry masters.All information will be stored in Myart public chain, and can be read but cannot be changed.Myart does make cultural artworks circulation more efficient and more convenient.Participation by all people.Huge market and user potential.Warehousing hosting makes cultural artworks achieve real digitization and more convenient circulation.Quick realization of pledge service.More efficient circulation,Full-range escort by safeguard service allows collection at ease.Perfect supporting mechanism.More efficient and more convenient circulation.
About Art,Myart signed up some of the Chinese best independent galleries, art dealers and collectors.Myart also worked with art institution and art university.eg Central Academy of Fine Arts arts management and education department,Professional committee of art industrial park of China culture management association,China arts industrial park alliance,President of the association of artists of Thailand-China the center for economic and trade exchanges,Hong Kong Chinese general chamber of commerce.The world famous cultural and trade organizations and other famous art institutions, colleges and universities have responded positively Myart project.
Check more about Myart Project
Our website
Myart.world
facebook
https://www.facebook.com/MYART.MYT
Our Twitter
Tweets by myart00434985
McDonald's has long wanted to add drive-through access at its restaurant in Camino Real Marketplace. It recently resurrected its plans and City of Goleta staff just finished an environmental review of the proposed changes.
The environmental documents for the 1997 Camino Real Development Plan included a drive-through restaurant, but McDonald's was built without one. An application to add a drive-through was submitted to the Planning and Environmental Review Department in 2010, and the project needs an amendment to the existing conditional-use permit and development plan, according to a city statement.
The 204-foot-long drive-through would require taking out some parking spaces, modifying the traffic signal at Storke Road and Marketplace Drive, making pedestrian improvements and changing some landscaping. To move forward, the project must be approved by the Planning Commission.
Planning staff analyzed potential environmental impacts but found no new or more significant impacts that weren't addressed in the other environmental impact report, according to the report.
Scroll down the page to read the entire EIR addendum. A copy also is available at City Hall, 130 Cremona Drive.
In terms of air quality impacts, the city reviewed the project plan to improve pedestrian access with new crosswalk striping and extending the median on Storke Road.
The review also states that adding a drive-through could decrease ozone precursors at the current site, citing a Santa Barbara County Air Pollution Control District document. In full, the APCD document states that ozone precursors may be lower for a project with a drive-through facility, but emissions of greenhouse gas pollutants may be higher, based on the assumption that more fuel is being burned while cars wait in line while idling.
The project plan includes mitigation measures for this and other issues, including the impact on traffic, biology, geology and drainage, aesthetics, noise and water resources.
A second McDonald's location in Goleta, at 146 S. Fairview Ave., already has a drive-up window.
Comments related to environmental issues related to the Camino Real Marketplace proposal can be submitted to Senior Planner Mary Chang at 130 Cremona Drive, Suite B, Goleta 93117 or emailed to .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Comments must be received by 4 p.m. July 22.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Camino Real Marketplace McDonald's Drive-Through Proposal: Final CEQA Addendum by Giana Magnoli
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automotive Wheels Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Accuride, Alcoa, AMW Auto, Borbet, Central Motor Wheel, CiTiC Dicastal Wheel Manufacturing, Enkei, Magnetto, Maxion Wheels, Mefro, Otto Fuchs, Ronal, Steel Strips Wheels, Superior Industries International, Topy Industries, Uniwheels.
The report begins with introducing the global Automotive Wheels market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automotive Wheels report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-wheels-market/5901/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Automotive Wheels Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Aluminum Wheels, Steel Wheels, Other.
Automotive Wheels Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Commercial Vehicle, Passenger Vehicle.
Key points in the Automotive Wheels Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-wheels-market/5901/#inquiry
From all of this Automotive Wheels market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automotive Wheels market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Automotive Wheels distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Research Report Insights in its report titled “Hybrid Vehicles Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016–2026” offers detailed insights and in-depth research on the global hybrid vehicles market over a 10-year forecast period 2016 – 2026. The report covers the important factors driving the growth of the global hybrid vehicles market, untapped opportunities for manufacturers, trends and developments shaping the dynamics of the global hybrid vehicles market and other insights across various key segments.
The report identifies the drivers and restraints affecting the growth of the global hybrid vehicles market. Changing trends are also analysed and incorporated in the report to equip the client with exhaustive information about the market resulting in better decision making. Macroeconomic factors that directly and indirectly affect the growth of the global hybrid vehicles market are also incorporated in the report.
Report For Report Sample with Table of Contents@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114789/Hybrid-Vehicles-Market
Global Hybrid Vehicles market segmentation
To understand and assess opportunities in the global Hybrid Vehicles market, we have divided the report into three sections based on market segmentation as under:
By Product Type
By Engine Type
By Power Train Configuration
By Vehicle Type
By Region
· Hybrid Electric Vehicle
· Plug–In Hybrid Vehicle
· Gasoline Hybrid
· Diesel Hybrid
· Parallel Hybrid
· Series Hybrid
· Power Split Hybrid
· Passenger Vehicle
· Light Commercial Vehicle
· Heavy Commercial Vehicle
· North America
· Latin America
· Western Europe
· Eastern Europe
· Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ)
· Middle East and Africa (MEA)
· Japan
The market value for all segments is taken in US$ Mn and the market volume is also identified in units for all the segments.
A section of the report highlights country-wise hybrid vehicles demand. It provides a market outlook for 2016–2026 and sets the forecast within the context of the global hybrid vehicles market, including the new technological developments as well as product offerings for niche applications in the global hybrid vehicles market.
In the final section of the report, a competitive landscape has been included to provide report audiences with a dashboard view. The report provides details market share analysis of the hybrid vehicles market on the basis of key manufacturers. Detailed profiles of manufacturers are also included within the scope of the report to evaluate strategies, key offerings and recent developments in the global Hybrid Vehicles market.
Request For Report Discount@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114789/Hybrid-Vehicles-Market
Our research methodology
Market volume is inferred through in-depth secondary research and validated from industry experts through primary interviews. Each interview is thoroughly analysed and average market volume is deduced and reconfirmed prior to incorporating in the report. The price of Hybrid Vehicles is deduced basis the tipping type, where the average price of each Hybrid Vehicles type is inferred across all the seven assessed regions. The market value of the global Hybrid Vehicles market is thus calculated from the data provided by the average selling price and market volume.
For the 10-year forecast of the global Hybrid Vehicles market, various macroeconomic factors and changing trends have been observed, giving an idea about the future of the market. Other important factors considered arriving at market forecast are the size of the current market, inputs from the supply side and the demand side and other dynamics shaping the scenario of the market.
In the compilation of the report, the forecast is conducted in terms of CAGR, while other important criteria such as year-on-year growth and absolute dollar opportunity have also been incorporated presenting the client with crystal clear insights and future opportunities as far as the global Hybrid Vehicles market is concerned.
Analyst Speak
What we have observed here is that these days hybrid vehicles are not only used on construction and mining sites but they are also used for internal transportation of materials in regions such as North America, Europe and APEJ.
The growing demand from the consumers to transport bulk amount of materials and goods is the chief driver for the global hybrid vehicles market. Furthermore, the rising infrastructure development in the emerging economies is expected to fuel the growth of the tipper bodies in the global market. Additionally, the growing trend to live healthily and keep the country & the surroundings clean is acting as a catalyst for the hybrid vehicles in the waste management sector.
Report Analysis@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114789/Hybrid-Vehicles-Market
About Us:
Research Report Insights (RRI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm.
We deliver a host of services including custom research reports, syndicated research reports, and consulting services which are personalised in nature.
RRI delivers a complete packaged solution to clients;this combines current market intelligence, technology inputs, statistical anecdotes,
valuable growth insights, 360-degree view of the competitive framework, and anticipated market trends.
Our research services cover global as well as regional emerging markets such as BRICS, GCC, and ASEAN.
Our offerings cover a broad spectrum of verticals which include Oil and Gas, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Technology, Automotive, and Retail.
The operating model of RRI blends cross-disciplinary research experience to deploy insightful, in-depth, and actionable research.
Contact Us:
Research Report Insights
42 joseph street,
Portcarling P0B 1J0,
Muskoka, Ontario
T: +1-631-721-4201
Email: sales@researchreportinsights.com
Web Site: http://www.researchreportinsights.com
All it takes is one crack for a stone wall to start crumbling. Nine months after the deadly Sept. 14, 2012, raid on Camp Bastion in Afghanistan, the families of two fallen Marines may finally get some answers. Real accountability, of course, is another story.
A formal internal investigation into lax security at the base — a British-run NATO compound that adjoins our Marines' Camp Leatherneck — is now under way. A few members of Congress are putting pressure on the Obama administration for the truth. And a couple of mainstream reporters are digging deeper.
More, please. And faster. Camp Bastion belongs in the bloody scandal lexicon with Benghazi and Fast and Furious. This trio of national security disasters under the Obama administration didn't just involve run-of-the-mill corruption and coverups. It cost American lives.
As I've been reporting in a series of columns and blog posts over the past year, the Taliban waged an intricately coordinated, brutal attack on Camp Bastion in Afghanistan last fall — three days after the deadly siege on our consulate in Libya and after months of prior security incidents and warnings. Fifteen jihadists disguised in stolen American combat fatigues penetrated the complex. They used rocket-propelled grenades, assault rifles and other weapons to wipe out nearly an entire squadron of Marine Harrier jets worth an estimated $200 million.
Along with the most devastating loss of U.S. air power since Vietnam, two heroic U.S. Marines — Lt. Col. Christopher Raible and Sgt. Bradley Atwell — were killed in the battle, and nearly a dozen others were injured. Military officials refused to release details of the fateful budget and strategy decisions that led to the attack. But Deborah Hatheway, Atwell's aunt and the family's spokeswoman, and other Camp Bastion families learned on their own that their loved ones were left vulnerable to attack by military leaders who outsourced watchtower security on the base to soldiers from Tonga.
The neglect of security at Bastion was widely known. Nick Francona, a former Marine Corps ground intelligence officer with 3rd Battalion, 4th Marines, who served as a scout sniper platoon commander in Helmand Province in 2011, recounted on Foreign Policy magazine's The Best Defense blog in April: “It was obvious to even a casual observer that many of the posts were unmanned and were comically left with a ‘green Ivan' silhouette target as a half-hearted attempt at deterrence.”
Francona added: “The attack only occurred because of an egregious failure in basic infantry practices. ... It is painfully obvious that this attack would not have been successful, or likely even attempted, if not for multiple security failures at Leatherneck/Bastion.”
The families zeroed in on Maj. Gen. Charles “Mark” Gurganus, who recently returned to the United States after commanding coalition forces in Afghanistan, as the man responsible for shortchanging security at Bastion. Gurganus was the same one who ordered Marines to disarm — immediately after a failed jihadi attack on then-Defense Secretary Leon Panetta last year — because he wanted them “to look just like our (unarmed) Afghan partners.”
The Camp Bastion families are not the only ones scrutinizing Gurganus' decisions. A few weeks ago, Washington Post reporter Rajiv Chandrasekaran reported that the U.S. military has finally launched a formal probe into whether Gurganus and his subordinates bear responsibility for lax security at Bastion. A planned promotion for Gurganus has been put on hold.
Chandrasekaran confirmed that watchtowers were indeed left to Tongans (notorious at the base for sleeping on the job). In addition, reports Chandrasekaran, “Security patrols of the perimeter, which were conducted by the Marines ... had been scaled back substantially in the months leading up to the attack.” Simply blaming the Tongans, however, is not accountability. U.S. staff decisions “made it easier for the Taliban to reconnoiter the compound and then enter without resistance,” according to Chadrasekaran's sources with direct knowledge of the incident.
While U.S. Central Command investigates, there is now movement on Capitol Hill to help Camp Bastion families whose information requests have been stymied. Rep. Todd Rokita, R-Ind., has written Marine/CENTCOM leadership on behalf of the victims' families. (Atwell and his family are from Indiana.) Rokita told me in a statement last week: “This is about transparency and accountability. I want to make sure that Sgt. Atwell's family, Lt. Col. Raible's family and the American people get the full truth about the Camp Bastion attack.”
It's a start. But as with Benghazi and Fast and Furious, getting the truth about Camp Bastion is only half the battle. Truth without consequences is a recipe for more dead Americans.
— Michelle Malkin is author of Culture of Corruption: Obama and his Team of Tax Cheats, Crooks & Cronies. Contact her at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , follow her on Twitter: @michellemalkin, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are her own.
German grocer ALDI is taking steps towards even greater customer service by offering delivery in Los Angeles, Atlanta, and Dallas, by month's end.
ALDI may expand delivery to more cities, but for now, these appear to be their test markets.
ALDI has partnered with “Instacart” for deliveries, which will charge a delivery fee. Some items may cost more than in-store. You will be able to order on Instacart's website or app. Same day delivery will be availab.e
ALDI currently has around 1,700 U.S. stores, and plans to expand up to 2,500 stores within in the next 5 years.
ALDI's announcement to deliver in Dallas is a wise decision as their German competitor “Lidl” is planning to open (7) North Texas locations.
Video will play in
Watch this video again
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's every driver's worst nightmare - crashing your new car on the motorway.
But for one motorist, a crash could leave them with a very expensive repair bill.
For this gleaming silver Maserati Ghibli - with a price tag of around £70,000 - was badly damaged in a New Year's Day crash.
The smashed happened on the northbound carriageway of the M6 between Great Barr and Spaghetti Junction.
It happened shortly after 3pm on Sunday and resulted in the brief closure of three lanes while the supercar was moved to the hard shoulder.
A spokesman for Highways England, said: “All lanes reopened within the hour and there were no residual delays.”
It isn't the first time a supercar has been involved in a smash on the region's roads.
In November, we reported how an Audi R8 was involved in a collision on Tanworth Lane, Shirley.
Earlier that month a £220,000 Lamborghini was smashed up after spinning off the road in Nechells.
According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research titled Global Market Study on Cleanroom Technology: Consumables to Witness Highest Growth by 2020, the global cleanroom technology market was valued at USD 3,156.0 million in 2014 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.2% from 2014 to 2020 to reach an estimated value of USD 4,290.1 million by 2020.
View Report Preview @ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/cleanroom-technology-market.asp
Cleanroom refers to an enclosed space constructed in such a manner so as to control the concentration of airborne particles such as particulates (dust, hair), chemicals (oil, grease), microorganisms (bacteria, fungus), and radiations. Additionally, temperature, humidity, pressure, electrostatic charge, magnetic flux, and other factors in cleanrooms can also be maintained as per the requirement.
Globally, the cleanroom technology market is witnessing significant growth due to growing regulatory concerns regarding the packaging, manufacturing, and processing of better quality products, and safety of the working personnel. Additionally, increasing demand for sterilized pharmaceutical formulations, and development of new biologics and its wide applications in the medical devices industry is driving the growth of the cleanroom technology market. However, factors such as lack of skilled professionals and high cost associated with the setting up and maintenance of cleanrooms are restraining the growth of the global market for cleanroom technology. The global cleanroom technology market was valued at USD 3,156.0 million in 2014 and is expected to reach USD 4,290.1 million by 2020, growing at a CAGR of 5.2%.
Request to View Sample of Research Report @ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3143
North America is the largest segment in the global cleanroom technology market. This is due to technological advancements and growing applications of cleanroom technology in the region. The North American market for cleanroom technology was valued at USD 1,209.3 million in 2014 and is expected to reach USD 1,580.8 million by 2020, growing at a CAGR of 4.6%. In terms of type, cleanroom consumables are the fastest-growing segment. In terms of construction, standard/drywall cleanroom is the largest segment in the global cleanroom technology market. Cleanroom technology has wide applications in the pharmaceutical industry.
Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Illinois Tool Works, Inc., and E.l. Du Pont De Nemours And Company are some of the leading players in the global cleanroom technology market. Some of the other major players in the cleanroom technology market are Azbil Corporation, Taikisha Ltd., Royal Imtech N.V., Ardmac, Ltd., M+W Group, Clean Air Products and Alpiq Group.
Buy now @ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/3143
I used a tweet from the now-infamous @TEN_GOP account as a sample of public opinion. I wasn't the only one. Kirill Kudryavstev/Getty Images
Recently, a study from researchers with the University of Wisconsin-Madison looked at how various U.S. news outlets unintentionally used tweets from the Internet Research Agency, the Kremlin-backed organization accused of meddling in the 2016 presidential election, in their reporting. The researchers examined 33 outlets, ranging from the Washington Post to Buzzfeed, and found that 32 had embedded an IRA tweet at least once. (The one outlet in their set that didn't fall for it: Vice.)
The findings, which authors discussed in a piece for the Columbia Journalism Review, show just how widespread tweets from IRA accounts were even in mainstream media. But how does a piece of Russian propaganda find its way into a legitimate journalistic outlet in the first place? It's actually pretty easy.
I should know—Slate was among the outlets included in the study. The researchers found that in a sample of about 116 Slate articles, there was one that included an embedded IRA tweet: a blog post I wrote in June 2017 on Johnny Depp joking about assassinating Donald Trump. That post constituted 0.86 percent of Slate's work in the sample, a relatively low percentage compared with some others on the list, but how it got there is a very familiar story.
The researchers found a few trends in its study across different outlets: The faux tweets in question often commented on real news rather than “fake news,” espoused partisan opinions, and were used to exemplify public response. And that's exactly what happened in my post about Depp's comments: After briefly summarizing the news story itself, I wanted to convey how Depp's comments were being received, so I embedded five tweets as a small sample of the wider backlash, including this now-unavailable one, from the IRA-backed @TEN_GOP:
Kathy Griffin: I ruined my career, no one can ever screw up as badly as I did. Reza Aslan: Hold my beer! Johnny Depp: Mind if I join you? — Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) June 23, 2017
Depp's comments in June had closely followed two other public figures who got in hot water for their own attacks on Trump: Kathy Griffin, who posed with a replica of his severed head, and Reza Aslan, whose CNN show was canceled after a tweet calling the president “a piece of shit.”
I may not have explicitly framed @TEN_GOP's as partisan opinion—plenty of people on the left thought Depp's comments were boneheaded, too—but the account does have “GOP” right there in the name, and the other four tweets I used were from figures on the right. @TEN_GOP's was sandwiched between tweets from Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel and Fox News' Greg Gutfeld.
Why include @TEN_GOP alongside those other, more obviously legitimate tweets? Well, when I'm putting together a Twitter roundup about public opinion on any subject, really, I usually look for at least one of three criteria:
• opinions from prominent, preferably verified voices
• tweets that make a specific point rather than just echoing the same argument as others
• tweets that have momentum, as indicated by a lot of likes and retweets
The @TEN_GOP tweet fell into those last two categories. I didn't mistake @TEN_GOP for the real Twitter account of Tennessee Republicans—it was missing the telltale checkmark, after all—but I also didn't think twice about including it, since it was a popular account (it had amassed more than 100,000 followers before it was suspended in August) making a point I'd seen in scattered tweets elsewhere on Twitter, pointing out how Depp's comments shortly followed those of Griffin and Aslan.
Unlike those other tweets, however, @TEN_GOP had summarized that point neatly—even cleverly—and had found a lot of support, or so it seemed. (Just as a high ratio of replies to likes and retweets is a pretty reliable indicator that a tweet is unpopular, the opposite still usually indicates that a tweet has resonated with a lot of people. In February, Twitter changed the way engagement counts are displayed when a tweet is embedded on another site, taking out retweets and instead saying how “many people are talking about this.”)
When the Columbia Journalism Review piece came out, I was surprised, but not shocked, to see Slate on the list of outlets that had reproduced Russian propaganda. We are, after all, in good company. However, I was definitely not expecting that the offending post that landed us on the would be one that I had written—I write about culture, not politics!
Then again, as the line between the two is increasingly blurred, it may be time to rethink that distinction and to be extra scrupulous about turning to Twitter as a source for public opinion. As far as Russian propaganda goes, a tweet making fun of Johnny Depp for making a stupid, politically volatile joke is fairly innocuous. But it does show how fake Russian accounts inserted themselves into Twitter discourse—and in some cases, into legitimate news outlets, too.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Start the countdown clock on a momentous two weeks for President Donald Trump and the GOP-run Congress.
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law this past summer. Voters who will decide which party holds the majority in next year's midterms elections are watching.
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown. An extension of the program that provides low-cost health care to more than 8 million children and aid to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida need to be addressed. And further complicating the end-of-year talks is the fate of some 800,000 young immigrants here illegally.
Lawmakers are trying to get it all done by Dec. 22.
Advertisement
A look at the crowded agenda:
___
TAXES
Republicans are upbeat about finalizing a tax bill from the House and Senate versions for Trump's first major legislative accomplishment in nearly 11 months in office.
"I feel very confident we're going to get this done ... at the end of the day we're going to get this to the president's desk and he's going to sign it," House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said Sunday in an interview on Fox News Channel.
The House and Senate bills would cut taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $20 trillion deficit. They combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals.
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California, New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes. Repeal of the deduction added up to $1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts.
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills — full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes, but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $10,000 in local property taxes.
And yet it's still not a done deal.
"There's a lot of conversation around the fact that in some of the blue states where the taxes are high, the property tax alone, they will not be able to use the $10,000 possible deductions," Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., said on NBC's "Meet the Press with Chuck Todd" on Sunday. "So allowing for income and property taxes, which would cost another $100 billion by the way, to be options for folks in those states would be a better solution. And we're looking at ways to make that happen."
Just a few weeks ago, lawmakers were unyielding on their insistence that the corporate tax rate be slashed from 35 percent to 20 percent. Now, one way to finance the changes on state and local taxes would be to cut the corporate tax rate to 21 or 22 percent instead.
___
GOVERNMENT SPENDING
Republicans and Democrats are trying to work out a sweeping budget deal. They got a temporary reprieve from a partial government shutdown when they passed a stopgap, two-week bill last Thursday.
Republicans want a major boost in defense spending. Democrats want a similar increase for domestic agencies.
Congress also has to figure out how much disaster aid should be directed to Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida. The Trump administration requested $44 billion last month, an amount lawmakers from hurricane-slammed regions say is insufficient. The latest request would bring the total appropriated for disaster relief this fall to close to $100 billion — and the government still must calculate how much it will cost to rebuild Puerto Rico's devastated housing stock and electric grid.
___
CHILDREN'S HEALTH
Fresh federal money for the Children's Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP, ran out on Oct. 1, a blow to the widely popular program that provides low-cost medical care to more than 8 million children. Some states have relied on unspent funds, while others that were running out of money got a short-term reprieve in the two-week spending bill.
Lawmakers hope to agree on a long-term budget solution for a program that's about $14 billion a year.
___
IMMIGRATION
Democrats want to act now to protect young immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children, with demands that a solution is included in any year-end spending deal.
"We will not leave here without a DACA fix," said Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., referring to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.
These young immigrants, often referred to as Dreamers, face deportation in a few months after Trump reversed administrative protections established by President Barack Obama.
Republicans say it can wait till next year and shouldn't bog down the broad budget agreement. However, House GOP leaders likely will require Democratic votes for the spending bill and they have to work out a deal with Pelosi.
___
Associated Press writers Marcy Gordon and Andrew Taylor contributed to this report.
Irro-Reisen is a reputable European company that delivers excellent services of bus charter Spain, perfectly meeting the customer's needs through the decades of stable operation. This exceptional bus rental services enable to travel around such beautiful cities as Barcelona and Madrid, while visiting the most popular places of interest, observing the greatest architectural monuments, and, finally enjoying your tour across Spain in the comfort of a luxury bus.
There're many different reasons why you can come to Spain. This can be whether a business, touristic, or even religious trip. In case you're traveling in group, the most appropriate option to travel around Spain or simply to arrive at a particular event or meeting, is to hire a reliable bus charter provider, and thus, be absolutely sure that you along with your tourist group or delegation will be met at airport and taken to hotel and other places you plan to come to.
It's obvious that searching for the best bus charter service provider, it's important to hire the one that boasts a large experience and excellent reputation. This provider is Irro-Reisen, the professional team of which delivers high-quality services around the whole Europe over 40 years. Choosing, Irro-Reisen, their clients obtain an excellent chance to plan their tours in accordance to their needs, remaining flexible and mobile throughout the entire journey. In such a manner, those who need to get bus charter Madrid, in order to visit the capital of Spain and also learn its rich culture and historical heritage, or perhaps think about how they can hire Bus Charter Barcelona in order to see the sights as well as most well-liked touristic places of Barcelona, can certainly rely on the competent staff of Irro-Reisen, while specifying their expectations concerning a thoroughly organized bus tour.
About Irro-Reisen:
Irro-Reisen, the official website of which is Bus-Spain.com, is the right destination for those, who are looking for an exceptional comfort during their tour around Spain as well as the whole Europe. This company owns an excellent fleet, while every bus is well-maintained and furnished with comfortable coaches of different size along with all the necessary facilities, including restroom, TV and DVD, seat belts, Wi-Fi, etc. Incorporating a large number of employees, who speak several languages, it's possible to choose the proper staff for your trip that will speak your native language. This bus charter provider offers its services at the most competitive rates in Europe.
Contact:
Company Name: Irro-Reisen Coach Charter Service
Address: Roland-Brandin-Str.2 D-29439 Luechow (Lower Saxony), Germany
Tel.: +49.5841-977.325
Fax: +49.5841-977.327
E-Mail: info@bus-spain.com
Website: www.bus-spain.com
The cream has started to rise to the top in the NRL after Easter weekend's round seven.
Defending premiers Cronulla, and early-season favourites the Broncos, Storm and Raiders really began to flex their muscles, while the Dragons continue to look every bit the competition heavyweights, despite lowly pre-season expectations.
The Cowboys continue to fall, as their injury toll mounts, while the Warriors couldn't stay with the Raiders in Canberra.
Kiwi Watch
Kiwi forwards Jared Waerea-Hargreaves and Sio Siua Takeiaho were strong for the Roosters, as they powered to a comfortable win over the Newcastle Knights. Knights hooker Danny Levi was tidy again in a losing cause and coach Nathan Brown commented that Levi wouldn't look out of place in the Kiwi side for the upcoming test match.
Winger Shaun Kenny-Dowall was heavily involved out of acting half for the Roosters.
Adam Blair was strong again for the Broncos against the Titans, while Kodi Nikorima impressed in his 2017 debut, filling in for the injured Ben Hunt at halfback.
Jesse Bromwich was a late inclusion in the Storm's win over the Sea Eagles and the incumbent Kiwi test skipper delivered a typically powerful performance.
Jordan Rapana was good again for the Raiders, even if he was out-shadowed by his close mate BJ Leilua. Joseph Tapine was solid after being promoted to start for the Raiders against the Warriors, while Iosia Soliola was impressive off the bench.
Kieran Foran and Issac Luke had quiet games for the Warriors, but Shaun Johnson looked dangerous with some running ball. Skipper Roger Tuivasa-Sheck had a huge first half, but was kept quiet in the second spell, as the Raiders took control.
Continued below.
Related Content Rugby: Kiwi Ben Te'o tipped for Lions tour, head-to-head with SBW NRL: Eels fight back to seize victory over Wests Tigers Speculation of Kieran Foran's departure premature, says manager
Lock Jason Taumalolo was quiet by his standards for the Cowboys against the Dragons - if running for over 150m can be deemed quiet. Fullback Kalyn Ponga looked sharp in notching over 200m in a losing cause.
The Kiwi contingent at the Panthers were kept fairly quiet by the Sharks and second rower James Fisher Harris injured his shoulder in the loss.
Best Performance
The Cronulla Sharks somehow went into their Easter Sunday clash with the Penrith Panthers as underdogs. I doubt that will happen again in a hurry.
The Sharks were superb, shutting down the high-octane Panthers attack, while constructing some nice tries themselves. The quality of the Sharks play has fluctuated a bit this season, but they have saved their best for the biggest games against the stronger opponents.
Unless injuries strike, it looks like the Sharks will be a serious chance of repeating their 2016 break-through premiership.
Standout Player
James Roberts proved the difference on Good Friday, as he bagged a hat-trick of tries against his old side, the Gold Coast Titans. The Broncos centre used his scintillating speed to great effect, as he tormented his former teammates.
To rub salt into their wounds, Roberts' pace saw him get to Kane Elgey's charged down kick a minute from fulltime and run untouched to score the match-winner.
Key Moment
Warriors skipper Roger Tuivasa-Sheck looked certain to score a vital try just before halftime in their clash with the Raiders in Canberra. Just as he got to the line, Raiders captain Jarrod Croker pulled off the tackle of the season to prevent Tuivasa-Sheck from getting the ball to the ground and ensure the home side remained with touching distance.
After the break, the Raiders clicked into gear and powered away to victory.
Controversy
The refereeing in the Raiders v Warriors game was very poor. Warrior fans will feel robbed, after a couple of dubious second-half decisions, but they ought to look closely at the first-half refereeing as well, which clearly favoured the visitors.
Ken Maumalo was ruled to have knocked the ball on, which ruled out a Solomone Kata try, while Josh Hodgson got away with a clear strip moments before the Raiders hooker scored an important try.
What some Warriors fans don't seem to acknowledge is that the Warriors' opening try was extremely dubious, with Ryan Hoffman appearing to bobble the ball into Jack Wighton. The Warriors were constantly offside in the first half and got away with murder whenever the Raiders bent the line.
In the end, the poor officiating evened itself out and the better side won the game.
Team of the Week
1. Billy Slater (Storm)
2. Nick Cotric (Raiders)
3. James Roberts (Broncos)
4. Joseph Leilua (Raiders)
5. Anthony Don (Titans)
6. Josh Reynolds (Bulldogs)
7. Chad Townsend (Sharks)
8. Jarrod Wallace (Titans)
9. Cameron Smith (Storm)
10. Junior Paulo (Raiders)
11. Wade Graham (Sharks)
12. Matt Gillett (Broncos)
13. Jake Trbojevic (Sea Eagles)
14. James Graham (Bulldogs)
15. Boyd Cordner (Roosters)
16. Tim Lafai (Dragons)
17. Gareth Widdop (Dragons)
Power Rankings
1.Storm (0)
2.Sharks (+2)
3.Dragons (-1)
4.Raiders (+2)
5.Roosters (0)
6.Broncos (+1)
7.Cowboys (-4)
8.Sea Eagles (0)
9.Bulldogs (+1)
10.Rabbitohs (-1)
11.Warriors (0)
12.Eels (+1)
13.Panthers (-1)
14.Tigers (0)
15.Titans (0)
16.Knights (0)
- NZ Herald
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa's shock loss at Bolton Wanderers has sent their odds of promotion plummeting.
Villa lost 1-0 away to the struggling side, while second-placed Cardiff City saw their match postponed.
The upshot is that Cardiff are now as short as 1/8 to be promoted to the Premier League.
Villa, meanwhile, are now fourth favourites with bookies, with Fulham now considered a 6/5 bet to go up.
Wolves are 1/100 with SkyBet to be promoted - but the team to join them is less clear.
Derby County have seen their odds of being promoted wane along with their form.
Tony Pulis's Middlesbrough, who have moved into playoff reckoning, are the same.
Sheffield United are now seen as long odds with the bookies to be promoted.
Gurugram, India, July 1, 2018 – Packaging Connections newsletter which was first sent
on 18th March 2005 has now completed more than 13 gold years. It has been sent to its
readers without any fail every Tuesday of the week. Among these years it has achieved
global reach of 100 thousand+ packaging professionals across 120+ countries. The
newsletter has got appreciations from many learned professionals worldwide. The original
name of the newsletter was “Good Morning Packaging” which was liked and well accepted
by everyone. To bring some change, it was renamed to “Packaging Connector” during
January 2017 till mid of year 2018. With effect from July 2018 the newsletter has got a new
name as “Packaging Ideas that Inspire”.
We mainly bring you the packaging information that could be useful to you. It may or may
not necessarily be the latest information but sometimes old ideas are also applicable in the
today's situation. So we can say that we present you packaging ideas that inspire. This is
the reason now the heading of this information bulletin has been changed to “Packaging
Ideas that inspire”, says Sandeep Goyal, CEO, Sanex Packaging Connections Pvt. Ltd. a
BALTIMORE (AP) — A grand jury has indicted four Baltimore teenagers accused of killing a Maryland police officer who was crushed by a stolen Jeep on a suburban cul-de-sac, authorities announced Wednesday.
In a statement, the Baltimore County State's Attorney's office said the grand jury indictments are made up of first-degree murder and burglary charges.
Baltimore County officer Amy Caprio died May 21 while responding to a report of a suspicious vehicle in the suburb of Perry Hall. Police accused 16-year-old Dawnta Harris of running her down in the stolen car as she tried to apprehend him.
The state was formally supervising Harris, who was wearing an ankle bracelet pending sentencing for auto theft when he was arrested in Caprio's death.
Advertisement
Also facing murder charges are his three alleged accomplices. They were allegedly committing a burglary in a nearby home when Caprio was run down on the street.
Under the state's felony murder law, if someone is killed during a burglary, accomplices can also be prosecuted in the slaying. All four teenagers involved are now charged as adults and being held in an adult lockup.
Prosecutors allege Caprio's body camera recorded Harris accelerating the Jeep at the officer as she tried to apprehend him.
A defense lawyer for Harris, J. Wyndal Gordon, has argued that the state agency tasked with managing and treating youngsters like his client clearly dropped the ball.
"They let Amy Caprio down," Gordon said recently.
In the days following the policewoman's killing, some authorities in Maryland blamed each other for having put Harris on home arrest while he awaited sentencing for auto theft.
2:55 University of Idaho President Chuck Staben on moving to the Big Sky Conference, Part 1 Pause
4:49 University of Idaho President Chuck Staben on moving to the Big Sky Conference, Part 2
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
1:23 Truckstop.com now hiring in Boise
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho's Teton Dam collapse
1:24 Virtual reality arcade opens in Eagle
2:50 Peek inside Velma Morrison's Boise home, hear the YMCA's plans
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The 1982 European Cup final will surely never be eclipsed as the most iconic moment in Villa's history.
But that glorious night in Rotterdam, when Tony Barton's boys overcame the odds to beat German giants Bayern Munich, is only part of the club's European history.
Villa also won the UEFA Super Cup the following year and have since lifted the Intertoto Cup, as well as playing in European ties in 24 different countries.
And the full story will be told in a book which is due to be published in the next few months.
Written by former Birmingham Mail reporter Rob Bishop, Euros & Villans will feature every one of Villa's European games, from the UEFA Cup tie against Royal Antwerp in 1975 to the 2010 Europa League qualifier against Rapid Vienna.
Bish initially considered republishing his 2001 book The Road to Rotterdam, which traced the triumphant 1981-82 campaign, but decided to look at the bigger picture.
“I've had a fair bit of help,” he said. “UEFA provided their official match forms from all 89 of Villa's European games, while the club gave me permission to use photos from the club's Archives. There are a lot of images I'd never previously seen.
“The title was the result of an appeal on Twitter, and supporters helped to choose the cover. Over 80 per cent of those who voted on the club website went for the shirt image.”
The new book will include an abridged version of The Road to Rotterdam, plus a chapter on each of Villa's other 15 European campaigns.
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed: http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
And the foreword is being written by Lee Child, the Villa supporter whose Jack Reacher thrillers have sold more than 100 million copies worldwide.
Euros & Villans will be a limited edition of just 1,982 copies, with supporters being offered the chance to pre-order and have their names included.
To follow the book's progress, check out @eurovillabook on Facebook.
There are two things on Instagram that just aren't going away. One is unicorns. The other is food videos.
What better way to combine the two than with Kawaii Cakes: Adorable and Cute Japanese-Inspired Cakes and Treats and their adorable Unicorn Poop Iced Gem Cookies?
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The book describes the bake as the "perfect party treats of gifts. They look lovely in a bag tied with rainbow ribbon. I used a fluter cutter to make round, crinkled cookies, but you can use any type of cutter".
To make the treats at home, you'll need:
1 batch ready-baked Vanilla Sugar Cookies
400g stiff-peak Royal Icing, divided into mint green, pink, yellow and blue
4 small, thin piping bags and 12 large piping bags that will contain them
Large open star nozzle (1M)
Bag clip
Cosmopolitan UK
Cosmopolitan UK
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Method:
To make the rainbow poop topping, fill the 4 piping bags (without nozzles) with each colour of icing.
Fit the large piping bag with the star nozzle. Snip the end of each small bag so that you have a 1cm hole and carefully place each bag in the larger bag so that the tips reach evenly into the star nozzle. It helps to put a clip at the end of the large bag to stop the icing from spilling out the top.
Squeeze the icing onto the cookies by holding the bag in a vertical position, and moving in circles around each cookie, starting from the outside edge, winding inwards and building height to create a peak
Leave to dry overnight. To speed up the drying process you can place the cookies in a low oven at about 70C for 30 minutes, then turn off the heat and leave for two hours.
Cosmopolitan UK
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Cosmopolitan UK
Taaa-daaah!
With thanks to Paperchase for the unicorn props.
BUY NOW Kawaii Cakes: Adorable and Cute Japanese-Inspired Cakes and Treats, £9.99, Amazon.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenager has admitted attempting to hack into the computers of senior US government officials from his home, including the director of the CIA and the deputy director of the FBI.
Kane Gamble, 18, pleaded guilty at Leicester Crown Court to eight charges of "performing a function with intent to secure unauthorised access" to the computers and two charges of "unauthorised modification of computer material".
His targets included John Brennan, the then director of the CIA, and the former deputy director of the FBI, Mark Giuliano.
Also on the list was Barack Obama's deputy national security adviser Avril Haines and his senior science and technology adviser John Holdren.
Reports at the time said a British teenager had infiltrated the personal e-mail account of Mr Brennan and posted details online.
Gamble, of Linford Crescent in Coalville, Leicestershire, will be sentenced at Leicester Crown Court on December 15.
“Enemy of the American people,” #DishonestMedia, “garbage journalism,” #FakeNews.
These are some of the insults hurled at journalists in recent months in efforts to discredit the work of news organizations around the country.
Today marks the start of our colleague Austin Tice's sixth year of captivity in Syria. We at McClatchy want to tell you about him and other journalists who have risked and sometimes given their lives to bring us stories that would not otherwise be told.
Some have been tortured. Several have been imprisoned. At least three were murdered – simply for doing their jobs – in the past several years alone.
Daniel Pearl, Jean-Paul Kauffmann, Michel Seurat, Jason Rezaian, James Foley, Steven Sotloff and, of course, Austin Tice. Each dedicated themselves to reporting from the most dangerous parts of the world. At a time when the media is regularly scorned, it's worth remembering their sacrifices.
Kauffmann, a French journalist, was abducted along with a colleague, Michel Seurat, while covering the long-running Lebanese civil war in Beirut in 1985. Kauffmann was held for 1,078 days; Seurat died in captivity.
Danny Pearl, a foreign correspondent for The Wall Street Journal, went to Pakistan shortly after the Sept. 11 attacks. He was investigating the alleged link between al-Qaida and British citizen Richard Reid, commonly referred to as the failed shoe bomber.
On Jan. 23, 2002, on his way to what he thought was an interview, Danny – a former Journal colleague of mine – was kidnapped. Nine days later, he was beheaded. A gruesome video was released on the internet in February of that year. He left a wife and a child born four months after his death.
Jason Rezaian, an Iranian-American journalist who worked in the Tehran bureau of The Washington Post, was taken into custody by Iranian security forces on July 22, 2014. He was indicted for espionage and propaganda, convicted in a sham of a trial in 2015, but then released on Jan. 16, 2016.
James Foley, a freelance reporter and videographer who worked for GlobalPost and other news organizations, was abducted on Nov. 22, 2012, in northwestern Syria. Two years later, ISIS videotaped his beheading and posted it on YouTube.
Steven Sotloff, an American-Israeli journalist who worked for Time magazine, CNN, Fox News and others, was captured near the Syria border on Aug. 14, 2013. On Sept. 2, 2014, two weeks after Foley's execution, ISIS released a video showing the murder of Sotloff.
And then there is Austin, whose ordeal continues to this day. A Marine Corps veteran and a freelance correspondent for McClatchy, The Washington Post and others, Austin traveled to the Mideast, found media organizations to publish his work and made his way across the border into Syria. He focused largely on what the war meant for everyday citizens there.
His reporting led to his kidnapping on Aug. 14, 2012. Video emerged five weeks after his disappearance, showing him surrounded by armed men. No one has claimed responsibility for his capture. Indications are he's being held by a branch of the Syrian government, which has denied any involvement.
The impact on his life, and that of his family (including his devoted parents Debra and Marc and his six younger brothers and sisters) has been heart-wrenching: Austin has spent much of his fourth decade (he turned 36 last Friday) as a captive. His parents, who say they recently received new evidence that he's alive, have spent every day of these five years working for his release.
These journalists come from different walks of life, but they have one thing in common. They believe in a free press and the power of journalism. Their dedication took them to parts of the world where freedoms we enjoy do not exist, where governments and terrorist organizations will do anything to subvert the truth.
In this country, freedom of expression has been a tenet since the beginning. The benefits of a strong, independent press were addressed in the founding documents of our land. More than two centuries ago, our Founding Fathers recognized that a successful republican democracy cannot succeed without a strong press to hold “governmental officials to republican values, the strengthening of community and a check upon self-aggrandizing politicians.”
And journalism's contributions are not a recent phenomenon, either. Consider Lee Miller, Robert Capa, George Stevens, John Hershey, Michael Herr and Tim Hetherington, to name just a few. They are the people who captured the images seared in our global memory … of Auschwitz and other Nazi death camps, Hiroshima, Omaha Beach, Hue and Afghanistan.
That is why it is disheartening to see the press under attack from some of our leaders who are waging an ongoing campaign against the media, going so far as to call us the enemy of the people.
We at McClatchy believe that when we make mistakes, it is part of our job to acknowledge errors and to uphold the trust of our audiences and neighbors – in the case of this and our dozens of McClatchy news organizations around the country. We are mindful of that trust and try to earn and keep it every day.
But Austin? He made no such mistakes. His sole focus was to pursue truth on behalf of us all – in one of the most dangerous war zones on Earth. And that has cost him his freedom for the start of a sixth year.
Today, at the Sacramento headquarters of the McClatchy Co., we'll unveil a banner to mark the anniversary of Austin's captivity and to remind our communities of his story.
We can all be encouraged by the strong stance the Trump administration has taken to protect Americans abroad. The President's acting special envoy for hostage affairs said this week that Austin's case is a top priority. According to the New York Times, the Central Intelligence Agency has made entreaties with Syrian counterparts on Austin's behalf. Let us hope this might be the beginning of negotiations for his release.
And we hope that Austin's sacrifices resonate with all Americans. The work he has done, and the price he has paid, should be a reminder that even in a time of division and conflict, and perhaps particularly now, we rely on dedicated reporters such as Austin Tice to keep us informed.
Austin went to Syria to tell stories of real people in impossible situations. He has taught us all what it means to risk your life for liberty. It is time for his country to do what it takes to end his long ordeal and bring him home.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Go back in time? We can, but not by much
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Goldman Sachs Group reported the smallest increase in fixed-income trading among peers that have reported first-quarter results, citing weaker interest from clients in commodities and currencies.
The surprise results contrast with reports from Goldman Sachs's three bigger competitors. Bank of America said Tuesday that its trading revenue climbed 29%, while JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup last week reported revenue from that business exceeded estimates.
“The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses,” CEO Lloyd Blankfein said in describing first-quarter results. Bloomberg News
Goldman's revenue from bond trading climbed 1% to $1.69 billion, the New York-based company said in a news release Tuesday.
Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg estimated $2.03 billion. Shares of the company slid 2.2% to $221.21 in early trading at 7:44 a.m. in New York. The stock had dropped 5.5% this year through Monday.
“The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses,” CEO Lloyd Blankfein said in the release.
However, its net income almost doubled to $2.26 billion, or $5.15 a share, from $1.14 billion, or $2.68 a share a year earlier. The average estimate of 17 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg was for adjusted earnings of $5.34 a share.
Companywide revenue rose 27% to $8.03 billion, compared with the $8.33 billion average estimates of analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. Expenses increased 15 percent to $5.49 billion.
Bloomberg News
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Saturday Night Takeaway has been cancelled and Ant McPartlin will seek rehab after his drink drive arrest, ITV have confirmed.
An ITV spokesman said: “ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend.
“We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series (March 31 and April 7) which would not feature Ant who is taking time off to seek treatment. "
The news came Ant McPartlin has been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving after allegedly smashing into two cars.
A girl of three was taken to hospital after the troubled I'm A Celebrity host, 42, lost control of his Mini with his mum inside.
(Image: ITV)
The star, who is worth £60million, failed a roadside breathalyser test and was taken away by cops in the back of a police car for questioning.
The TV host lost control of his black Mini on a roundabout and went head-on into a green Mini containing a couple and their young child.
His car, with a distinctive double red stripe, hit a maroon BMW and ended upon the opposite side of the road.
Police confirmed he has been released under investigation on Monday morning after being held since Sunday afternoon.
His mum Christine and Labrador Hurley were in the car with him, and all three were said to be unhurt.
The child in the green Mini was taken to hospital and the girl's mum appeared to have minor injuries, a witness said.
Amy Cassie, 23, who helped Ant's mum get the dog out of the car, said: “Ant seemed furious after crashing the car and was shouting at his mum who was also in the car. She was trying to get him to calm down."
She continued: “The police took him to the back of the police car to remove him from the situation.
“The couple in the green Mini were really shaken up and their child, who was a girl, could only have been about three years old.
“Ant and his mum didn't seem to have any injuries, but the mum in the green car had split her lip and the side of her face was very red."
Police, paramedics and firefighters attended the scene in Mortlake, South West London, and the busy road was closed
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's a question for the ages. How can a sauce as popular and tasty as mayonnaise leave McDonald's cold.
Why the fast food giant doesn't offer mayo at any of its UK restaurants has been baffling some people.
The day will surely be upon us soon when the mighty mayo will overtake tomato sauce as Britain's favourite sauce.
Yet, despite despite featuring in a number of McDonald's menu items – the Mayo Chicken, for example – mayo cannot be bought separately, reports the Mirror.
(Image: Getty)
The chain has finally revealed why its UK branches are barren of the egg-based paste. Apparently, the 'demand' isn't great enough. Do we all secretly hate mayo?
A McDonald's spokesperson told Cosmopolitan magazine: "What we offer in our restaurants is based on customer demand.
"We don't currently have any plans for mayonnaise to be made available."
It's a little odd given McDonald's offers a broad range of sauces. There's even sweet curry.
The closest you can get to mayo is sour cream and chive dip, available with Chicken Selects.
Ever since the title and first look of the movie released, the movie is successful in maintaining constant buzz amongst fans. Why not, when you have Superstar Rajinikanth himself in the movie.
Kaala Karikaalan, is in news once again. Huma Qureshi, who was said to make her rock solid debut in Kollywood as Rajinikanth's pair in Kaala, is not quite making her debut as claimed by certain news and media houses.
Huma will be seen in a pivotal role in the Pa. Ranjith directorial movie and it is Eswari Rao, who will be seen as Kaala's pair in the movie.
The Delhi-based model turned actress is said to be playing the character named Zareena, who would be seen helping Kaala -The Don take on Nana Patekar, a corrupt politician.
Rajinikanth, who is joining hands with Pa. Ranjith post Kabali, will be seen as a slum lord-turned-gangster, a do-gooder to the poor and downtrodden.
The team had recently finished their schedule in Mumbai, much earlier to their planned schedule due to leaked pictures and videos of the movie shoot.
A huge set of Mumbai's Dharavi slum is said to be erected in Chennai where the team would continue their second schedule in the home ground.
Earlier, inside sources had quashed rumours of Dhanush playing a cameo in the movie which actually had spread like a wildfire. Recently, the CEO of Mahindra, Anand Mahindra, went gaga over the first look poster where Rajinikanth is seen sitting on a Mahindra Jeep.
An ecstatic CEO went ahead and requested for the used jeep to be preserved in the museum, which has been agreed by the producer but only once the shoot of the entire movie is completed.
The movie has Superstar Rajinikanth playing his age, in the lead role, along with Easwari Rao, Huma Qureshi, Anjali Patel and Samuthirakini.
Santhosh Narayan, who became a rage through Kabali's Neruppu Da, will score music for the movie. Actor turned son-in-law of Thalaivaa, Dhanush is funding the project under his Wunderbar Films Ltd.
This year's European Powder Diffraction Conference (EPDIC16) is the stage for Malvern Panalytical's new Empyrean platform – an instrument that redefines the concept of multipurpose X-ray diffraction.
Empyrean
Users who want to maximize the utilization of their diffractometer or minimize time spent for training or wasted on faulty measurements will profit from this third generation of Malvern Panalytical's renowned system.
The new Empyrean is the first fully automated multipurpose X-ray diffractometer, allowing a wide variety of measurements without manual intervention. The newly developed MultiCore Optics, featuring iCore and dCore, are taking over and ensure easy automatic switching between configurations. There is no need for the instrument to pause during nights or weekends, waiting for an operator to switch optics. Instead, preprogrammed batches of samples can be measured without intervention.
The easy access to measuring routines considerably reduces the time needed for training of students or operators and reduces chances for errors even at more advanced applications. Expert users, however, will still be able to perform specialized advanced measurements by employing specific optics, which can be fine-tuned to obtain the best possible data. Malvern Panalytical's proprietary renowned pre-aligned fast interchangeable X-ray modules (PreFIX) allow an easy exchange of those optics without the need for re-alignment. As an additional benefit, all optics are now automatically recognized by the system, simplifying the exchange and eliminating errors due to wrong reporting of measurement conditions.
The simplicity and accessibility delivered by the MultiCore Optics on our new Empyrean could increase utilization of diffractometers in the lab by around 35% and they help even unexperienced users to achieve good X-ray diffraction data. Anyone who thought that X-ray diffraction would only be for the experienced researcher can now perform advanced experiments with less chance for errors. Fabio Masiello, Malvern Panalytical Product Manager Empyrean
Fabio will demonstrate the revolutionary features of the new Empyrean at EPDIC and answer the audience's questions.
Visit http://www.malvernpanalytical.com/Empyrean for more information.
Illegal sex workers are accessing a million-dollar taxpayer funded sex programme, a Herald investigation can reveal.
The Ministry of Health (MOH) funds $1,099,944 excluding GST annually to the New Zealand Prostitutes Collective (NZPC) for health programmes across the country for sex workers.
In a response to an email enquiry by a local sex worker, the ministry confirmed that the services were "from time to time" being accessed by sex workers who are not legally able to work in New Zealand.
The programmes include sexual health and family planning, weekly sexual health clinics in Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch, and needle exchange services in Tauranga and Auckland.
Advertisement
The ministry's service commissioning director Jill Lane said the prevention of HIV and Aids and the health, safety and welfare of all sex workers and their clients remained its "prime focus".
Family First national director Bob McCoskrie slammed the ministry and NZPC for using taxpayer money to "knowingly aid" illegal prostitution.
New Zealand legislation specifically excludes migrants holding temporary visas from being able to lawfully work in the sex industry.
"It is disturbing that both the ministry and NZPC are knowingly aiding illegal forms of prostitution in NZ, and using taxpayer funding to facilitate that work," McCoskrie said.
"Turning a 'blind eye' to illegal migrant workers will simply open up a huge market for trafficking and exploitation which, based on local anecdotal evidence and international experience, will harm women."
Catherine Healy of the New Zealand Prostitutes Collective. Photo / Ross Setford
NZPC national co-ordinator Catherine Healy said the collective runs five community-based programmes and had more than 10,700 engagements with sex workers last year.
The community bases were accessible to all sex workers - including those unlawfully here.
"We work with all sex workers in New Zealand and it would be irresponsible to ignore migrant sex workers in respect to public health as well as other concerns related to the potential for exploitation," Healy said.
"We are constantly reminding people involved in sex work of the relevant laws and certainly inform them of immigration laws if we believe they may be in breach of them."
New Zealand sex worker Lisa Lewis has written to the ministry to express her disgust.
Lewis said the services to illegal sex workers had been provided by MoH and NZPC "at the detriment of legal and local sex workers".
"The fact that the ministry and NZPC are using taxpayer dollars to assist illegals is appalling," Lewis said.
Lisa Lewis, sex worker. Photo / Brett Phibbs
MoH's group system outcomes manager Sam Kunowski rejected the claim that the ministry was "knowingly aiding" illegal activity.
"The ministry expects all providers we contract with - including the NZPC - to operate services that comply within any relevant New Zealand legislation, including Immigration-related legislation," Kunowski said.
The contract with NZPC included requirements for mandatory reporting and correspondence, he said.
Immigration New Zealand assistant general Manager Peter Devoy said neither the NZPC nor MoH were required to provide any information to INZ regarding migrant sex workers they assisted.
"This is because working in the sex industry is not a criminal offence, even though it is a breach of temporary visa conditions," Devoy said.
"Any notification to INZ that a person is working illegally in the sex industry does not constitute evidence.
"If we are able to identify, locate and have evidence that a person on a temporary visa is providing commercial sexual services they can be served with a deportation liability notice."
In the last three years, deportation liability notices had been served to 38 people on temporary visas found to have engaged in commercial sexual services.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Some of the art work on sale at the newly renovated Tagimoucia Art Gallery. Picture: SUPPLIED
Update: 1:38PM IF you're an art lover, you may want to check this revamped art gallery located just minutes away from Suva's central business district area.
The Fiji Corrections Service's Tagimoucia Art Gallery in Korovou, Suva has reopened for business after it was closed last year for renovation works.
With more than a hundred pieces of artwork available for sale, the art gallery displays talents of artists who are inmates within the prison and correctional system in the country.
Artworks available include paintings done in oil and canvas, paintings and drawings on tapa cloth, wood carving, crochet wall art and mosaic wall art.
The Art Gallery, which is the first of its kind in the history of the Fiji Corrections Service, was launched in 2008 under the Yellow Ribbon Program.
It was also part of the paradigm shift from containment to correctional approach.
By JOSH DUBOW
AP Pro Football Writer
The Oakland Raiders finished the NFL draft by taking another risk, although this one could come with an extremely high payoff.
The Raiders traded up in the fifth round on Saturday to take talented Michigan pass rusher Maurice Hurst, who fell from a projected first-round pick to off some draft boards because of concerns from a heart condition that got him sent home from the combine.
"It's money," Hurst said. "Just upset and disappointed in teams that decided not to pick me. But one got a great player for very little. So I'm very excited to be part of the Raiders organization."
The Raiders traded the 159th and 185th picks to Indianapolis for the 140th pick on Saturday and used it to take a player who might have gone in the first round had he not had health concerns.
Hurst was an All-American and one of the most productive defensive players in the country last season. He had 5½ sacks as an interior rusher and led all nose tackles and defensive tackles with 49 total quarterback pressures, according to Pro Football Focus.
But he got sent home from the combine after a heart issue was detected. Hurst said it was something he has dealt with for a long time and hadn't impacted him on the field. He said he has been cleared by doctors at Harvard and Michigan but that didn't prevent his fall.
"It's tough just going into it thinking that you're one of the top players in the draft and having good tape and everything like that," he said. "Just having to wait and see guys that you believe that you're better than go ahead of you, I mean it's tough. But I'm just happy to be in the right place and part of a great organization."
The move for Hurst was one of several this weekend when the Raiders made high-risk, high-reward moves. They dealt a third-round pick to Pittsburgh on Thursday for talented receiver Martavis Bryant, who has been suspended twice for substance abuse issues.
Oakland then traded up in the third round Friday to take LSU pass rusher Arden Key, who was viewed as a first-round talent but spent time in drug rehabilitation in college.
The Raiders also used two picks on Friday for FCS players whom they believe have the upside to thrive in the NFL in defensive lineman P.J. Hall from Sam Houston State and offensive tackle Brandon Parker of North Carolina A&T.
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The mother of the Morrinsville gunman, Rollie James Heke, has made an emotional plea to her son: "Please do the right thing ... turn yourself in, son.''
Marie Masalu urged her son to come forward after police again asked Heke to turn himself in immediately.
Speaking to 1 News, an emotional Masalu said: "I don't want to lose another son. I want to keep you for as long as I can.
"Son, I will come and visit you. I will be there for you. The family loves you, they care about you and they want you to know - Rollie, we're all here for you."
Advertisement
With a hand on her chest, she told him: "It doesn't matter what anybody else says. It's what your whanau thinks about you and we love and care for you.
"Turn yourself in, son. I don't want to have to come and identify you in a morgue. That's from your mother. It's from Ma, Rollie.''
Heke's mother's plea comes as police continue to hunt for him following a frenzied shooting in the early hours of Sunday.
Members of the public are being encouraged to contact police if they have seen or heard anything that may help officers in their investigation and search.
Police have said Heke, 36, is considered armed and dangerous and should not be approached.
Police last night carried out an hours-long standoff at a property in Morrinsville, in the hopes of nabbing Heke at the address.
A search warrant was issued at a house on Studholme St. Cordons were put up in the area, as well as road spikes.
However, the cordons were taken down by 11pm.
The Bowie Lady Rabbits softball team hopes to have a great season as this is the year they want to put everything together.
The team just missed out on the district title last year to Henrietta. With the Lady Cats graduating some key players and the Lady Rabbits returning a great senior core, expectations are high for Bowie.
The team returns six all-district performers from last year, including co-district MVP senior Taylor McCarty at shortstop. The Ottawa signee has been a staple on the varsity team since her freshman year.
Coach Brant Farris feels like this is the year. It is his fourth your at Bowie and this group of seniors is the first he has fostered through the program.
“We've grown up together from August until May together all year,” Farris said. “It's a special group for me and I expect big things out of them.”
To read the rest, pick up a copy of the weekend edition of the Bowie News.
In this day and age, every boss is going to quickly Google a prospective employee before asking them to come in for an interview.
But now the technology giant is working on project called Google Hire, which The Sun reports will help employers learn perhaps a little bit too much about their new recruits.
It will reportedly be a recruitment tool similar to LinkedIn - however, early reports suggest it will be available through your personal Google account.
If that's the case, it will link things like your search history and YouTube account with your job applications, laying it all bare for employers to see.
Technology website Axios reports the tool is currently under testing, and that it will let employers post job listings, and accept and manage applications.
It was apparently developed by Google's enterprise and cloud division, headed up by Diane Greene, whose start-up was acquired by Google in 2015.
The login page is currently live, however as the service hasn't officially been announced it's not yet possible to actually check the website out.
Just make sure when it does go live, you don't do any X-rated browsing.
- news.com.au
By John Lee.
P C A General Trading LLC has won tender to supply rangefinders, binoculars, digital cameras and GPS to the United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS) in Erbil.
The contract is valued at $34,740.
(Source: UNGM)
Women more likely to remember plus-size models There is a clear psychological advantage when the media shows more realistic body types than the traditional thin model.
The fashion industry is overflowing with skinny models: on runways, in magazines and on billboards. But will this slim image stick in women's minds?
If you're advertising to women, think beyond "skinny minnies" and find new ways to boost women's health and body satisfaction, a new study suggests.
Young women are more likely to notice and remember average- and plus-size fashion models than thin ones, according to Florida State University researchers.
Seeing plus-size models also gives a boost to many women's mental health, the researchers found.
"We found overwhelmingly that there is a clear psychological advantage when the media shows more realistic body types than the traditional thin model," study co-author Jessica Ridgway said in a university news release. She's an assistant professor in the department of retail, merchandising and product development.
Realistic approach
The study, which was published online recently in the journal Communication Monographs, included 49 college-age women shown images of thin, average and plus-size fashion models. They also answered questions about their body satisfaction and how much they had compared themselves to the models.
Seeing thin models led the participants to make more social comparisons, pay less attention, remember less about the models, and feel worse about their body, the study found.
But, when they saw average and plus-size models, the participants made fewer social comparisons and paid more attention. They also remembered more about those models, and had higher levels of body satisfaction, according to the researchers.
If media producers want to capture attention while also promoting positive body image, it might be useful to employ plus-size models, said lead author Russell Clayton, director of the school's Cognition and Emotion Lab.
Read more:
Vogue bans skinny models
Dangerously thin: how models torture themselves
Obesity and anorexia - two sides of the same coin?
New Delhi, 4th July 2018: Veteran Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre on Wednesday revealed that she has been diagnosed with a high-grade cancer that has metastasized. With this, she falls in the category of other celebrities such as Manisha Koirala and Irrfan Khan who were also diagnosed with different types of this disease recently. While the latter has recuperated, Irrfan is still undergoing treatment. The need of the hour therefore is to create awareness on the need for timely health checks at every stage of life and taking preventive action.
There are about 2.5 million people living with cancer in India and over 7 lakh new cases get registered every year. Of all the various types of cancer, those of the oral cavity and lungs in males and cervix and breast in females account for about 50% of all related deaths in the country.
Speaking about this, Padma Shri Awardee, Dr K K Aggarwal, President, HCFI, said, “The news of Sonali Bendre being diagnosed with the disease only points to one fact: the importance of timely diagnosis and action. Cancer is the name given to a collection of related diseases that are caused when a group of abnormal cells begins to grow uncontrollably, often forming a tumor. Tumors can either be benign or malignant. There are four major types of clinical preventive care: immunizations, screening, behavioral counseling (lifestyle changes), and chemoprevention. Screening is the identification of an asymptomatic disease, unhealthy condition, or risk factor. Primary prevention are interventions to keep disease from occurring (e.g., immunization for communicable disease); secondary prevention as detection of early asymptomatic disease (e.g., screening); and tertiary prevention as reducing complications of disease (e.g., eye examinations in patients with diabetes). This nomenclature is applied differently by some other disciplines.”
Symptoms that should prompt a person to get tested for cancer include sudden and unexplained weight loss; fever; extreme fatigue; recurrent pain in any part of the body; changes to the skin such as darkening, itching, and reddening; change in bowel habits; unusual bleeding or discharge; white spots on the tongue; and nagging cough or hoarseness.
Adding further, Dr Aggarwal, who is also the Vice President of CMAAO, said, “Cancer, if detected early, can be treated at a much lower cost compared to that incurred when diagnosed at an advanced stage. The mortality rate is also lowered substantially if people report for screening when the earliest symptoms manifest. Unfortunately, nearly two-thirds of cancer cases are diagnosed at an advanced stage, reducing patients' chances of cure and survival.”
Some tips from HCFI
Here are some ways in which one can diagnose and prevent the onset of cancer at an early stage.
· Pay attention to symptoms and get yourself checked regularly.
· Using any type of tobacco puts a person at an increased risk of cancer. Avoiding or stopping the consumption of tobacco is one of the foremost steps in cancer prevention.
· Filter tap water properly as this can reduce your exposure to possible carcinogens and hormone-disrupting chemicals.
· Get vaccinated on time and as per schedule. For example, the Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) vaccine helps prevent most cervical cancers and several other kinds of cancer.
· Drinking plenty of water and other liquids can help in reducing the risk of bladder cancer by diluting the concentration of cancer-causing agents in urine and helping to flush them through the bladder faster.
· Most importantly, make lifestyle changes such as eating a healthy diet and getting regular exercise. Fruits and vegetables are rich in antioxidants which can help ward off diseases.
Coated Glass Market Report by Product Type (LOW-E Glass, Heat-Reflective ) by Application / End User (Automotive Glass, Construction Industry, Solar Battery Module, Electronics ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Coated Glass Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Coated Glass Coating Agent Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Coated Glass (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Coated Glass Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/coated-glass-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Coated Glass Market : Product Type
• LOW-E Glass
• Heat-Reflective
Coated Glass Market : End Users/Application Analysis
• Automotive Glass
• Construction Industry
• Solar Battery Module
• Electronics `
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/coated-glass-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
Scientists are seeking to solve one of the most intriguing mysteries of the disease that's killing our kauri - why it's attracted to the native tree's scent like we're drawn to coffee.
In one of two newly-funded studies targeted at the still-Incurable kauri dieback disease, Otago University biochemist Dr Monica Gerth will investigate what makes kauri so alluring, when other tree species in the forest are left untouched.
Answering this question could lead to ways to repel the fungus-like disease or effectively mask kauri from it.
In the decade since kauri dieback was first detected, it's spread throughout kauri forests in the upper North Island; in the worst-hit Waitakere Ranges Regional Park, infection rates had doubled over five years from 7 per cent to 19 per cent of kauri.
A major way it spread was through zoospores that swam through the soil.
With their long flagella and rudders, they could move through water-logged soil at incredible speeds of up to 0.7m an hour.
Once they find their target kauri roots, they form a cyst and initiate an infection that eventually starves the tree to death.
In her study, Gerth and her team will identify the chemical signals from kauri and other native plants that attract, repel or generally disrupt the "homing" ability of zoospores.
"We're basically looking at what the spores are smelling - so we're going to test lots of different plants that are found with kauri trees in the forest to figure out what chemical compounds in the plant the spores are using as signals to navigate," Gerth said.
Next, they'll join Lincoln University researcher Dr Amanda Black in testing the effect of these compounds on the movement of zoospores through soils.
Continued below.
Related Content Northland dairy farmers cited for non-compliance Former All Black Mike Burgoyne passes away 'Designer' ecosystems could boost river clean-ups
Their ultimate goal is to create new agents to protect kauri forests, Gerth said.
Zoospore repellents could potentially be applied around kauri trees to deter the spores and in the long-term, the work could also be applied to the battle against other plant pathogens.
These are problematic around the world: another host-specific form caused the Irish potato famine, and one with a more general appetite, which Gerth has been studying, is attacking many Australian natives and avocado trees.
"We think with kauri dieback disease, it's probably something similar," Gerth said.
"Because it's so host-specific with its infection, we think it will have a host-specific chemotactic response - so we think there are some chemicals kauri trees are making that the spores are swimming towards."
Another unique part of the study would be its use of Matauranga Maori (Maori knowledge), which Gerth said would prove valuable as native plants were almost certainly important sources of naturally occurring chemo-attractants or repellents.
"As the first part of our project, we're hoping to build research collaborations with the Kauri Dieback Programme Tangata Whenua Ropu, kaitiaki and other experts in ngahere kauri, who can help guide our choice of native plants besides kauri to study."
Meanwhile, in another study also supported by one of the Government's National Science Challenges, focused on biological heritage, Plant and Food Research scientist Dr Ian Horner and colleagues will develop a new programme aimed at remedial treatment of kauri otherwise doomed to die.
Of the control tools investigated to date, phosphite injection treatment is the most thoroughly studied and promising, but it may still be some time before research is completed, with widespread release of the treatment tools.
In the meantime, researchers must apply treatments under strict protocols so scientists can properly measure its efficacy and possible side effects of the treatment, helping the wider research programme and the eventual roll-out of treatment tools.
Research was already underway with a pre-programme survey to find out community attitudes and responses to the trees, the disease and treatment options.
Kauri dieback disease
• Found in the Waitakere Ranges Regional Park, along with private land throughout the Auckland region, forest plantations at Omahuta, Glenbervie and Russell in Northland, Department of Conservation reserves at Okura, Albany, Pakiri, Great Barrier, the Coromandel Peninsula, Trounson Kauri Park and Waipoua Forest in Northland, home of our most iconic kauri - Tane Mahuta.
• A new survey of the Waitakere Ranges found more than half the substantial kauri areas contained symptoms of infection, and infestation rates were worst in those areas with the highest foot traffic, including areas where intensive pest control is carried out. Rates had doubled over five years.
• People walking in areas where kauri grow could help prevent dieback spread by ensuring shoes, tyres and equipment were cleaned to remove all visible soil and plant material before and after visiting forests. They should also use cleaning stations installed on major tracks, keep to paths and away from kauri roots, and keep dogs to leashes at all times.
- NZ Herald
Former Wallaby Drew Mitchell has called time on a glittering rugby career, announcing his retirement via social media on Monday night.
The veteran winger, who has been somewhat hampered by injuries in recent years, is set to hang up his boots at the end of French Top 14 season.
"So it's my turn to call time on my rugby career!" Mitchell said, via Twitter. "I've been very lucky to have had the experiences I've had in our great game. Thank you."
Mitchell, Australia's highest try-scorer at the World Cup, with 14 tries across three events, played for the Reds, Force and Waratahs during his time in the Super Rugby competition.
After leaving the Waratahs, he joined French powerhouse Toulon, where he won the European Cup, alongside close friend Matt Giteau.
Due to a change in eligibility laws - affectionately known as the "Giteau Law" - Mitchell returned in 2015 and played for the Wallabies. He won a place on Michael Cheika's plane to the World Cup and helped seal Australia's place in the final, after setting up one of the tries of the tournament for Adam Ashley-Cooper.
Mitchell was off contract at the end of the French Top 14 season and had initially expressed a desire to return to Super Rugby.
- NZ Herald
A gym manager was steps away from being hit by a vehicle which ploughed into her gym after a domestic dispute escalated this morning.
Snap Fitness Hastings Club manager, Kirsten Parcell, was going about her normal duties when "out of nowhere" the silver Subaru hurtled through the window.
"If I had taken a couple more steps, it would have wiped me out," she said, her nerves still "shot" from the morning's events.
"It was a bit of a close call and it all happened pretty fast and then there were people everywhere, and there was just a car still running with no one in it."
Advertisement
Snap Fitness Hastings Club manager Kirsten Parcell. Photo / Warren Buckland.
Police were called to the St Aubyn St East gym at 11.20am.
A police spokeswoman said police had been told a couple were fighting in the car and a woman tried to drive off, but crashed into the gym.
"I was just in the cardio area filling up the paper towel dispensers, and as I walked back to my desk there was just this loud noise, and glass shattering. There was quite a lot of force," Parcell said.
She was uninjured, but left shaken from the incident.
A treadmill was also hit by the car, but a woman using it miraculously did not get injured.
"It's a bit of a shock, not something you expect to happen ever. I count myself quite lucky and I think my member who was on the treadmill at the time is extremely lucky too," Parcell said.
The car smashed into Snap Fitness gym. Photo / Warren Buckland
Reva Ngapoe, who works at By The Lights Cafe, said she saw a man screaming at a woman before suddenly hearing "a huge bang".
"The guy was yelling at the woman to get out. She got out and punched him in the face and then hopped back in the car and put her foot on the accelerator like she was ready to go".
She said another man started yelling to leave the woman alone but by the time he was near them, she had already taken off.
"Luckily she didn't hit anyone on the road."
It is understood the man was hanging out of the car door with his hand on the steering wheel as the woman accelerated.
"He must have jumped out of the car before it hit the gym."
A woman in her early 20s was reported to be in a stable condition at Hawke's Bay Hospital before being discharged later in the day.
A 26-year-old man is in custody after being arrested for male assaults female and driving in a dangerous manner.
We are the Best Interior Designers in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai. DELECON™ Company help you to Design your Commercial and Residential Interior in Thane, Andheri, Dadar and other Mumbai areas, Expert interior designers for your home and office in Mumbai, Modern Interior Designer in Mumbai, Home Interior Decorators Goregoan, Interior Designers Mumbai, Affordable interior designing service Mumbai
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa chairman Tony Xia has warned the club will have to curb its spending next season because of the pressures of Financial Fair Play.
The club has posted losses in every season its billionaire Chinese chairman has owned it.
Whereas that used to be fine, now clubs have limits on how large a loss they can post over a three year period.
As a result, Villa are going to have to cut their cloth accordingly for next season - or face an enormous fine, or worse.
So what's FFP all about then? Read on and we'll try and explain.
Why have rules on spending anyway?
The reasons for FFP are, theoretically at least, twofold: to keep the game and clubs financially healthy, and to maintain a competitive balance.
During the credit boom years, many owners took over clubs and borrowed heavily using them as collateral.
They pocketed the matchday and TV revenue and let debts mount.
These debts would be left behind when they bailed out - and many clubs were later docked points after going into administration.
FFP rules are to prevent clubs running up too big an annual deficit and slipping into a black hole.
The rules are also to prevent “financial doping” where rich owners can pump in vast sums in fees and wages totally unrelated to real income to gain an edge on their rivals - although it seems the horse may already have bolted on that one in the Premier League.
How can one set of rules cover mega-clubs and minnows?
Well, they don't.
From the Champions League to League Two, every set up now has their own specific regulations tailored to their member clubs' financial landscape.
Clubs playing in UEFA competitions can make losses of up to €45m over a three-year cycle if they have a rich owner picking up the bill and just €5m if shareholders are not able to inject equity, converting debt to shares - that is effectively buying more shares in their own club at a price that covers the loss.
In the Premier League, clubs can lose up to £115m over a three year cycle (or £15m if not covered by an injection of equity).
There are also limits on wage bills with the annual increase over £52m pegged to £4m a year.
The lower divisions of the Football League have their own FFP system with wages spending linked to overall revenue.
In League One the wage bill is limited to just 60 per cent of the club's turnover and in League Two it is 55 per cent.
What system does the Championship use then?
This season (2016/17), new ‘Profitability and Sustainability' rules operate in the Championship.
Championship clubs voted to change their FPP rules in November 2014 as part of wide-ranging negotiations with the top-flight about future solidarity arrangements that has contractually linked the finances of The Football League and Premier League for the first time since the formation of the latter in 1992.
So, for the first time, clubs will be assessed over 3 seasons (rather than just a single season).
This change brings the Championship clubs into alignment with the Premier League – both have ‘Profit and Sustainability' rules that are now fully aligned.
The maximum loss limit is now £13m per Championship season
Losses are assessed over three seasons (rather than just over the single, previous season).
The assessment of each club's finances is a combination of a historic assessment (looking at figures for the two previous completed season) and an assessment over the season currently taking place.
Clubs are permitted to exclude some expenditure (Youth development spend, Charitable Community spend, and Women's Football spend). For a Championship cub this rarely exceeds £500k per season (and is usually less).
Clubs relegated from the Premier League are allowed to make losses of up to £35m in respect of any season spent in the top flight – this should allow clubs to better manage the transition.
What happens if clubs bust their ceiling for losses?
Any punishment for breach of the rules will be determined by an independent panel (the ‘Fair Play Panel').
But what are the potential punishments?
Previously the Football League has only been able to either fine promoted clubs (a fine the Premier League didn't help them collect), or impose a transfer embargo for historic overspending (which always like a stable-door/horse scenario).
With this change, a wide range of punishments are now available.
Nothing is off the table; the Football League are now able to impose a points deduction during the current season, or demote a club from an automatic promotion position into the play-offs (or out of the play-offs altogether).
Transfer embargoes are also available (with the earliest one potentially applying during the Summer 2017 Transfer window.
What does that mean for Villa?
As we spelled out here, while Villa have made more than £150 million worth of losses over a three-year period, not all of it counts towards FFP.
However a football finance expert says Aston Villa's predicament is ‘really severe' and has predicted sales this summer.
Villa are thought to have to raise as much as £45 million in order to stay on the right side of the line.
Kieran Maguire, a lecturer in football finance at the University of Liverpool, discussed Villa's problems at length with the BBC.
He said: “It's really severe for Villa because this is the second year they've had parachute payments. They got around £35million from the Premier League to cushion the blow of relegation.
“Those payments get cut back severely next year so they're going to have £20million less coming in. I think the problem for Villa is that the owner has gambled in the last couple of years on recruiting players on big wages.
How can they raise that kind of money?
Wages are a huge cost for Villa - in the area of £65 million a season - so while cutting the likes of John Terry off the wage bill will help, they will need more. Loan players like Robert Snodgrass and Lewis Grabban, who have had a great impact on the club, will possibly be out of reach with this financial backdrop.
The fear for Villa fans will be Jack Grealish. The talented midfielder would raise something like half the money they would need - but would be a major blow.
What has Tony Xia said?
As part of a longer statement, Dr Tony said:
We have been heavily investing for the past two seasons.
However, the loss on Saturday means that we need to change a lot of things.
No one wanted to see the club have to go through this, but I believe that only changes can help the club to progress towards the positive direction and this requires the joint efforts of everyone associated with this great football club.
"No matter what the changes will be, I sincerely hope that everyone can unite and overcome the challenges together.
What are the main costs for a club?
The biggest single cost is player wages.
Wages count towards the FFP losses figure although promotion bonuses are exempt so getting a player to agree such a deal may be useful in recording terms.
Many clubs that loan players out ask for a large proportion of their wages to be paid and bringing in an in-demand starlet from a big club carries a cost, especially if other clubs are also interested and their is some haggling.
Clubs may ask for a loan fee too and those costs are counted in FFP too.
Transfer fees are also counted, although they are broken down and spread - “amortised” - over the life of a contract and so can be structured shrewdly to minimise their FFP impact.
For example, a player who cost £50m on a five year contract needs to be amortised at the rate of £10m a year.
At the end of a player's contract, their 'book value' will therefore be zero.
The amount amortised each year needs to be counted as a 'cost' in the club's FFP calculations.
How Panthers show aftershocks of NHL's erased bridge contracts The bridge contract is a thing of the past, obliterated just like the one over the River Kwai by general managers around the league who chronically — and correctly —...
Devils deflect talk of Kovalchuk reunion, but leave door open The rumors have been floating out of Russia recently that former Devil Ilya Kovalchuk might want to return to the NHL after his abrupt retirement from the league in July...
The NHL says it has a cocaine problem The NHL is taking aim at cocaine use among its players. Responding to a potential increased use of the drug, the league is beginning talks with the NHL Players Association...
Current NHL teams need to prep for expansion cap woes VANCOUVER, British Columbia — The next two NHL teams, wherever they are and whenever they come — for argument's sake, say Las Vegas and Quebec in 2017-18 — will start...
Police are warning people intending to tramp the Tongariro Alpine Crossing to be fully prepared after an English tourist plunged 100m down rocks and ice this morning.
Senior Constable Barry Shepherd of Taupō Police said trampers should carry an ice axe and crampons - and know how to use them.
Taupō's Greenlea helicopter this morning flew a paramedic and Land Search and Rescue volunteer to Mt Tongariro to rescue an English woman who had slipped on ice at Red Crater and fallen 100m down the mountain into a ravine.
She was "pretty beaten up" by the fall down through rocks and ice, including a knocking her head and suffering bruises and cuts, Mr Shepherd said.
Advertisement
The woman, 30, who has been living and working in New Zealand, set out from the Mangatepopo carpark this morning at 4am with a young Austrian woman as a companion.
The fall occurred at about 7.30am and the alarm was raised 10 minutes later.
The helicopter flew from Taupō Airport to Mt Tongariro and dropped off a paramedic near Emerald Lakes, who made his way to the woman.
It then unloaded the SAR volunteer who used an ice axe and crampons to reach the Austrian woman perched on the icy slope below the summit of Red Crater, where she had remained.
She had been in voice contact with her friend, although she could not see her, and initially feared she had been killed in the fall.
Shepherd said both women did the right thing in staying put and calling for help but there was always ice on the Tongariro Alpine Crossing at this time of year and people needed to be properly prepared.
"It's icy up there, that whole Red Crater summit was icy.
"It'll thaw and soften around late morning but freezes overnight and will be frozen in the mornings, and if you get a bit of cloud and it stays under cloud, it won't thaw out at all."
If people did not know how to use an ice axe and crampons, they should use a guiding service across the crossing, he added.
The injured woman was flown to Rotorua Hospital.
How can I keep reading?
You've reached an article that is only available to Irish Times subscribers.
Subscribe today and get the full picture for just €1 for the first month.
No obligation, cancel any time.
When an attractive, Californian blonde said she had been drugged, bound and raped by a kidnapper who demanded a hefty ransom, something didn't quite add up.
Denise Huskins reappeared two days later, claiming she had been taken from boyfriend Aaron Quinn's bed early in the morning.
She was nicknamed "Gone Girl", after the character who invented her own abduction in the popular novel and movie.
Police in Vallejo were openly suspicious of her story, announcing that "none of the claims has been substantiated" and accusing Huskins and her partner of taking "valuable resources away from our community".
Advertisement
The 32-year-old physical therapist, who has won a $3.2 million settlement with the city after her abductor was caught, has revealed what it was like to live through a "nightmare" and then not be believed.
When Denise Huskins reappeared after 48 hours no one believed her story. Photo / AP
"I don't know how to describe what it's like to sit back silently and watch the world have a conversation on the most horrific thing that you've lived through," Huskins told Good Morning America.
She recalled waking on March 23, 2015, to a voice saying: "Wake up, this is a robbery, we're not here to harm you."
Her kidnapper forced the terrified young woman to tie her boyfriend's hands and feet together, all the while "encouraging me, saying, 'You're doing a good job'."
She said she fully "expected the worst" during her 48-hour ordeal, as her kidnapper opened up about his difficult life. Huskins told him a story of how she had been assaulted in the hope it might protect her, but she was still raped twice by the man, who demanded a ransom of two instalments of $110,000.
Finally, her kidnapper blindfolded her and drove her about seven hours south to her hometown of Huntington Beach, California, Huskins told presenter Amy Robach on the Monday morning show.
"When he opened the car door I thought 'this is it'," she said. "Either I'm going to hear a gunshot and that's it, or I'm going to get pushed off a cliff.
"He was guiding me. And I thought I was walking to my death.
"Then I heard a door close behind me, and I pulled up the blindfold, and I saw a toilet and a cement room. And I thought, 'Oh God, he is going to release me'."
Matthew Muller was eventually identified as Denise Huskin's kidnapper. Photo / AP
When Quinn went to Vallejo Police Department after Huskins disappeared, he was told, "I don't believe you", by a detective. People immediately began saying he had killed his partner, he added.
He said that if his partner had not reappeared, he "would be behind bars".
The couple received aggressive messages on social media about their "lies". One writer called Huskins "such a horrible person" who was "going to hell".
For some time, the case was labelled too strange to believe, until in late 2015, an astonishingly similar failed kidnapping attempt took place in another California community. It led to the arrest of Huskins' captor, Matthew Muller, a 39-year-old former marine and disbarred lawyer.
Muller is serving a 40-year prison term after pleading guilty to the kidnapping and faces new charges, including rape.
Investigators found videos of him arranging cameras in a bedroom and then recording himself twice sexually assaulting his blindfolded victim.
Last year in court, a tearful Huskins told her kidnapper: "You treated me like an object, a toy, an animal.
"I still have nightmares every night. Sleep is not rest for me. It is a trigger."
Quinn, who was bound and drugged during the kidnapping, said he "cannot and will not ever be the same".
US District Judge Troy Nunley called the abduction a "heinous, atrocious, horrible crime" as he sentenced Muller, who pleaded guilty.
Muller said he felt "sick with shame" for the "pain and horror" he caused. Shackled and wearing an orange jumpsuit, he looked straight ahead and showed no emotion as he was sentenced.
The Global Construction Chemicals Market is likely to attain USD 67.61 billion by 2024. It is projected to observe significant gains over the forecast period (2016-2024). The market is driven by rising demand from several end-use industries comprising residential and non-residential & infrastructure. Brisk move towards urbanization along with escalating focus of infrastructure growth in promising economies will stimulate the demand further.
The worldwide construction chemicals market can be segmented by products, end-users, and regions. Products are concrete admixtures, concrete sealants, concrete adhesives, and protective coatings. Concrete admixtures segment contributed for above 64.7% of the total market volume shares in 2015.
Browse Details of Report@ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/construction-chemicals-market
They are extensively used in concrete to improve its physical and chemical properties and are utilized in all types of constructions for instance non-buildings, residential, and non-residential infrastructure. Construction chemicals develop the power of the building structure. It provides superior durability, chemical resistance, and noticeably lowers the water and cement necessity.
End-users in the market encompass residential and non-residential & infrastructure. Non-residential & infrastructure sector accounted more than 60% l revenue shares in 2015. In this sector, construction chemicals find usage in manufacturing and industrial buildings, composition of warehouses, hotels and retail, and office spaces.
Main regional segments in the global construction chemicals market are Asia Pacific, North America Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa (MEA). Asia Pacific was the leading market for construction chemicals in 2015. It was valued close to 45% in terms of value in the same year. India and China are the chief countries in this region accounting for above 50% of the total revenue.
The worldwide construction industry is gradually recovering post the decline in 2008 and 2009. Several European construction companies achieved substantial shares in 2015. The expansion of the construction chemicals industry is directly linked with the intensification of construction market at the global scale.
Market participants are mounting their customer base through strategies counting exhibitions and new product launches. U.S. based Dow Chemical Company is a key participant in this market. The company manufactures an extensive variety of adhesive and sealant products. Other top most players in the market include FOSROC Chemicals India Private Limited, BASF SE, Pidilite Industries Limited, Dow Chemical Company, W.R. Grace & Company, and Sika AG.
Browse Related Category Market Reports @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/bulk-chemicals-industry
PESHAWAR, Pakistan (AP) — Pakistani police say three gunmen have shot and killed a female singer who refused to accompany them to a private party.
Police official Saeed Khan says the incident happened in the northwestern city of Mardan on Saturday.
He says the artists, known only as Sumbul, was shot multiple times and killed at her home after the gunmen broke in and asked her to perform for them at a private party.
Khan says the perpetrators fled the scene of the killing and that he police are searching for them.
Advertisement
There have been similar attacks on female artists in this part of the country in the past.
A spectacular light and sound show was projected last night on to the side of the historic St David's church, Auckland, in preparation for Anzac Day today.
The technicolour performance marked the last year of World War I and events in New Zealand to remember our nation's involvement.
The project was christened "Southern Star - Te Tonga Whetu o te Rangi", and included family photos from the Great War that Aucklanders had sent in.
It also featured specially commissioned interactive artworks by digital artists Jeff Smith and Johann Nortje.
Advertisement
The project marked the public release of a special Southern Star brass artwork pin by Warwick Freeman, Art Laureate of the New Zealand Arts Foundation.
Funds raised through sales of the pin will go to Friends of St David's Charitable Trust which aims to restore St David's, also known as the "Soldiers' Church", and the only building under consideration by Auckland Council for an A category historic rating, with hundreds of public submissions in support.
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, Fla. - Two people were seriously hurt after pickup truck crashed into a palm tree Saturday in southwest Miami-Dade County, officials said.
Lt. Felipe Lay, a spokesman for the Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Department, said the crash happened just before 10:30 a.m. at 125th Avenue and 40th Street.
Rescue workers at the scene had to pry the victims from vehicle, Lay said.
The photos from the scene of the crash show part of a palm tree jutting out the roof of the passenger side the truck.
The victims were transported to Kendall Regional Medical Center, Lay said. Both victims were listed in critical condition.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Esteban Ocon admits he is quietly eyeing a future at Mercedes.
The young Frenchman is currently at Force India, but he is backed by Mercedes.
According to RMC, Mercedes boss Toto Wolff recently called the 21-year-old his "little gem".
"It's always cool to hear things like that from your boss," Ocon smiled.
But when asked if he is eyeing Valtteri Bottas' place at Mercedes for 2019, Ocon insisted: "We'll see.
"For now I'm at Force India. But my career is managed by Mercedes so I am in very good hands. If I do very well, there will always be opportunities," he added.
However, although fourth in the past two years, Force India had a mixed winter season and may no longer be leading the midfield.
"The car was well born but there is quite a bit of work to do, particularly at the beginning," Ocon admits.
"There are new pieces coming for the first race so it will be a really different car," he added.
"It's difficult to know where we are, but in the 'long runs' we weren't far from Red Bull so that's encouraging," said Ocon. "We'll see what happens in qualifying when it counts."
The Westmont College music faculty will perform a recital at 8 p.m. Friday in Deane Chapel on campus. Admission and parking are free.
The recital's program ranges far and wide, both stylistically and temporally, and will consist of the first movement of the Sonata in Eb-Major for Viola and Piano, Opus 120, No. 2 by Johannes Brahms (Richard Rintoul on viola and Paula Hatley on piano), three Airs de la Rennaissance Espagnole for bassoon and cello by Daniele Zanettovich (Paul Mori on bassoon and Kathryn Mendenhall on cello), a set of three songs called “Wind Color Vector” by Takashi Yoshimatsu, four songs by the Elizabethan-Jacobean composer John Dowland (tenor Grey Brothers and Nicolas Deuson on guitar), Antonin Dvorak's perennial favorite, Humoresque, arranged for piano trio by Gary Sheldon (Philip Ficsor on violin; John Sant' Ambrogio on cello and Steve Hodson on piano), Ernest Bloch's Prayer for cello and piano (Sant' Ambrogio on cello and Hodson on piano), and François Poulenc's Sonata for Flute and Piano (Suzanne Duffy on flute and Seungah Seo on piano).
By now, Dvorak has had almost as much written about him as Brahms (the somewhat older Brahms' support and patronage was decisive at a turning point in Dvorak's career), and Bloch, while there is much more to be said about him, is hardly a stranger to Santa Barbara audiences — he was, in fact, composer-in-residence for several early seasons of the Music Academy of the West.
One needn't explain too much about the Poulenc piece, either, since it is among the most delightful and accessible compositions of this delightful and accessible composer — except to insist that any chance to hear Duffy play it is a chance not to be missed.
According to the liner notes of a CD of her Flute Concerto, “Daniele Zanettovich (born in 1950) is a prizewinning composer who writes and teaches in Northern Italy.” And every list of Japan's most popular contemporary composers puts Yoshimatsu (born in 1953) very near or at the top. When he was 13, he was deep into the rock of the Walker Brothers and the Ventures, but a year later, he was led away by Beethoven and Tchaikovsky. According to his admirers, his style is “easy and tuneful,” while the more critical of his listeners say “his work is simply a post-modern jumble with little coherent theme.” We'll see.
That leaves Dowland (1562-1626), a dark horse if ever there was one. “Semper Dowland semper dolens” was his motto: Always Dowland, always doleful.
Certainly, his songs are steeped in the fatalistic, even morbid, melancholy of his age, the age of both William Shakespeare and John Donne, of Christopher Marlowe and John Webster, Ben Jonson and Cyril Tourneur.
And yet there is clearly a strain of delight in his songs as well, the delight of a master in the intricacies of English verse. “Were every thought an eye/ And all those eyes could see,/ Her subtle wiles their sights would beguile/ And mock their jealousy.” As Eric van Tassel puts it, “John Dowland was, quite simply, the greatest lutenist in the world in an age that prized the lute above all instruments; and his songs and instrumental music were more widely circulated than any other English music of the time.”
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. He can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
DOHA, Qatar (AP) " Qatar said Wednesday it had pulled all of its troops from the border of Djibouti and Eritrea, East African nations that have a long-running territorial dispute which Doha had helped mediate.
Qatar offered no explanation for the move, though it comes amid a diplomatic dispute with other Arab nations that have cut diplomatic ties and now are trying to isolate Qatar from the rest of the world.
While the dispute hasn't escalated to a military confrontation, Qatar's military is dwarfed by neighboring Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, two of its biggest opponents in the crisis.
The 450 Qatari troops controlled a mountainous border crossing between Eritrea and Djibouti, said Nasredin Ali, a spokesman for Eritrea's biggest armed group, known as the Red Sea Afar Democratic Organization. Eritrean forces moved in after the troops departed, Ali said.
Advertisement
Eritrea's top diplomat to the African Union, Araya Desta, told The Associated Press the move came after Eritrea cut diplomatic ties to Qatar. However, Desta said his country wanted no confrontation with Djibouti.
"We don't want to take any of Djibouti's land," Araya said. "The last time we had some skirmishes. It was unnecessary."
Doha mediated the conflict between the two countries in 2010. Gulf nations have stationed troops in both East African countries, using it as a jumping-off point for the ongoing Saudi-led war in Yemen.
Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain accused Qatar of supporting terrorism and severed ties last week. Qatar denies the allegations, but its ties to Iran and embrace of various Islamist groups have put the country under intense scrutiny.
___
Meseret reported from Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Associated Press writer Jon Gambrell in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, contributed to this report.
Gamer loses decades-old Guinness World Record for being a cheat A video game record set in 1982 has been thrown out by a group that tracks such feats — and the gamer even lost his standing with Guinness World Records...
CES power outage can't stop tech hotshots from showing off LAS VEGAS — No power? No problem. Despite an hour-long blackout that left two-thirds of the Las Vegas Convention Center in the dark — forcing thousands of gadget heads to...
Atari's new console does much more than just video games Atari has released more details about its upcoming video game console — and it's a long way from the pioneering 2600 model that made Atari famous in the 1970s. The...
Atari is working on its first game console in 20 years Known as a pioneer in the formation of the video arcade and modern video game industries, Atari is stepping back into the hardware business with a new game console —...
Who should get the lost Atari video games found in a landfill? ALAMOGORDO, N.M. — Officials in southeastern New Mexico began work on a plan this week to divide a cache of Atari video games dug up from an old landfill last...
Defoamers Sales Market by Product Type (Water-based Defoamers, Oil-based Defoamers, Silicone-based Defoamers ) by Application /End User (Chemical Manufacturing and Formulating, Food Production and Processing, Pulp and Paper Manufacturing, Textiles, Paints and Coatings ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2017–2025.
This report studies the Defoamers Sales Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Defoamers Sales Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Defoamers Sales (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Defoamers Sales Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/defoamers-sales-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Defoamers Sales Market : Product Type
• Water-based Defoamers
• Oil-based Defoamers
• Silicone-based Defoamers
Defoamers Sales Market : End User / Application
• Chemical Manufacturing and Formulating
• Food Production and Processing
• Pulp and Paper Manufacturing
• Textiles
• Paints and Coatings
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/defoamers-sales-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) — As a big league umpire, Dale Scott saw maybe 1 million pitches from the field. His final call, it turned out, was the easiest of all.
Rather than risk yet another concussion, Scott has decided to retire at 58.
"I'm done," he told The Associated Press.
The veteran crew chief missed nearly the entire 2017 season after a foul ball off the bat of Baltimore slugger Mark Trumbo in Toronto on April 14 caught him hard in the mask, causing Scott's second concussion in nine months and fourth in five years.
Advertisement
Within a few days, while undergoing treatment for head, neck and shoulder injuries, Scott realized it was the end of a major league career that began in 1985 and included three World Series assignments, three All-Star Games and 91 postseason games.
"In fact, it was pretty easy," he said. "I wasn't planning on this year being the last one. But I thought, this is a sign."
Especially when he asked three doctors about the possible long-term effects if he got jarred again.
"They said, 'We just don't know,'" Scott said. "But they told me that the more times you get hit, the more probability that you'll have issues."
This summer, he saw Bruno Mars and Green Day in concert, watched Fourth of July fireworks from a boat near his home in Portland, Oregon, and enjoyed more time with husband Michael Rausch.
They've been together since 1986 and were married in November 2013 in Palm Springs, California, by the city's mayor.
Scott came out as gay after the 2014 season. The next spring training, Reds outfielder Marlon Byrd gave Scott a big hug while trotting to the dugout.
"You're free, brother. I'm so proud of you," Byrd told him.
Says Scott: "I did feel free. I am who I am."
Scott's decision will resonate, said Billy Bean, Major League Baseball's vice president for social responsibility and inclusion. Bean came out as gay after his big league career ended in 1995.
"He has achieved everything in his umpiring career, and has carried himself with integrity and garnered the respect of his peers and MLB players," Bean said. "I am filled with pride as I reflect on all of his accomplishments. He's a pro's pro, who's been a wonderful example to the LGBT community and all sports fans."
"Years ago, Dale reached out to me after my personal story went public," he said. "If we had been able to have that conversation when I was still playing, I know it would have changed the course of my career. Dale's legacy will undoubtedly continue to inspire others to pursue their dreams, and I hope we see the results around MLB soon."
Scott worked 3,897 regular-season games and was a crew chief for 16 seasons, half his career.
"I was fortunate enough to have Dale as my crew chief for 10-plus years. A gifted umpire and true professional, he ran the crew with a smile as he mentored many of today's most successful umpires," fellow ump Dan Iassogna said.
"The courage that he showed in coming out while still working on the field is as much of an accomplishment as his many World Series and postseason assignments," he added.
Scott acknowledged his decision to retire might have been more difficult if his circumstances were different — say, he was 40 and hadn't worked the World Series.
Now, he walks away with his health intact. And if there were any doubts, he keeps the video of that last violent concussion on his cellphone.
MLB provides long-term disability for umpires who cannot work because of concussion effects, the same as it does for other permanent injuries.
Scott wonders about umpires who are cleared as part of the concussion protocol and then face the choice of continuing to work and risk further injury, or leaving the game.
"That needs to be addressed," he said. "Maybe my situation can be a catalyst for that."
His future will include rooting like crazy for the Oregon Ducks and, having been a Top 40 AM radio DJ in high school, perhaps some voice work.
Scott also can look back on all the games he did: Among them, he was the plate umpire for Scott Erickson's no-hitter, he worked a season-opening series in Australia, and was the last umpire to eject hot-tempered manager Billy Martin.
And there was that game at old County Stadium in 1986, when a big crowd turned out to welcome the hugely popular Gorman Thomas back to the Milwaukee Brewers.
The first time Thomas batted, Scott called strike three. The fading slugger went 0 for 4 and when he got rung up in his last at-bat, it was more than Thomas could take.
"It's my night," he pleaded with the rookie ump, "not yours!"
Blues fans chant for Zola to go following latest
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City say they will look to appoint a new manager ‘within the next few days' after Gianfranco Zola resigned.
The Italian won just two of his 24 matches at the St Andrew's helm before deciding to call it a day after today's 2-0 defeat against Burton Albion.
Zola appointed his own staff upon arriving at B9 and their futures are yet to be resolved.
The statement is in full below:
"The futures of Gianfranco's backroom team – Pierluigi Casiraghi, Gabriele Cioffi, Kevin Hitchcock, Andrea Caronti and Sebastiano Porcu – will be decided in due course.
"Birmingham City would like to place on record their thanks to Gianfranco for his efforts.
"The club will seek to appoint a new manager within the next few days.
"No further comment will be made at this time."
Join us for LIVE coverage
By Jon Wiederhorn
Last week, Donatella Versace posted a video for Bruno Mars' “Versace on the Floor,” which featured a whole bunch of glamorous models. Now, Mars has released his own video for the song, which stars Zendaya.
Related: Donatella Versace Toasts Bruno Mars with Model Filled Video
Mars is shot in low light as sensual colors swirl around him. And in separate images, Zendaya looks stunning in a glittery, silver dress. Of course, both artists are wearing Versace, but considering how nice Zendaya's outfit is, it probably should have wound up on a hanger instead of on the floor.
The suspect for a supposedly random killing that was posted to Facebook is still at large and authorities have expanded the search
Authorities in several states were on the lookout Monday for a man police say shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
“He could be nearby. He could be far away or anywhere in between,” FBI agent Stephen Anthony said on Day 2 of the manhunt for Steve Stephens, a 37-year-old job counselor for teens and young adults.
Police said Stephens killed Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old former foundry worker, on Sunday.
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite the suspect's claim in a separate video on Facebook that he killed over a dozen people.
Officers searched dozens of places around the city and spoke with the suspect by cellphone, police said.
Police Chief Calvin Williams warned residents to be careful as the go about their day.
Authorities also warned people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be alert for Stephens, who was wanted on a charge of aggravated murder.
“We're going to make this individual's world very, very small,” said U.S. Marshal Pete Elliott.
Godwin apparently was shot while out picking up cans in a plastic shopping bag, his daughter said.
“Not because he needed the money, it was just something he did,” said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin. “That's all he was doing. He wasn't harming anyone.”
She said her father, who had 10 children, was a gentle man with nothing mean about him. “We called him the junk man,” she said. “He'd pick up things off the street and fix them. He picked up bikes and he fixed them.”
The motive for the shooting wasn't entirely clear from the shaky video, in which Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, “She's the reason that this is about to happen to you.” Godwin did not seem to recognize the woman's name.
The suspect then pointed a gun at Godwin, who shielded his face with the plastic bag.
The woman Stephens mentioned, Joy Lane, said in a text to CBS that “we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened.”
She also said Stephens was “a nice guy” who was generous to everyone and was “kind and loving” to her and her children.
Facebook said the video was posted after the killing but wasn't broadcast on Facebook Live as police initially indicated. The suspect did go live on the social media site at another point Sunday.
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down. Stephens' Facebook page also was eventually removed.
“This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,” the company said. “We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety.”
In the separate video, Stephens said: “I killed 13, so I'm working on 14 as we speak.”
Police said they have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike, near Cleveland. He helped young people develop job skills and find employment, said Beech Brook spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer.
An extensive background check before he was hired turned up nothing worrisome, she said.
“We just hope Mr. Stephens is apprehended as quickly as possible so that no one else is injured,” she said.
In one of the videos, Stephens could be seen holding up his employee identification and said: “I'm killing with my Beech Brook badge on, too.”
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) — Police in New Hampshire found an array of drugs in an apartment during an investigation into the death of a 20-month-old child.
Police say two people have been charged with drug possession after Wednesday's discovery.
Authorities in Manchester say the toddler died on May 25, and they executed a search warrant that day as part of the death investigation.
Thirty-one-year-old Joshua Garvey and 33-year-old Christen Gelinas were each charged with possession of controlled drugs with intent to distribute. Police say they found heroin, cocaine, crack and suboxone that had an estimated street value of over $5,400. Garvey also faces bail violation charges.
Advertisement
Gelinas and Garvey faced arraignment Wednesday. It wasn't immediately known if they had lawyers.
There were no details on their relationship to the toddler or the child's identity.
On any given weekday, Amy Akerlind can be found walking along rural roads with a pack of energetic dogs – including her albino Doberman, Sheldon – in tow. Akerlind runs her own dog camp, training, and leash-walking business, Squad Dogs, and is living her dream.
“The name was the most challenging thing to come up with,” she reflected. It's a play on her 13 years as a rescue chief for Colchester Rescue, her prior experience as a veterinarian technician and the “squad” of dogs she now cares for at the camp.
Akerlind started as a volunteer in 2001 and became Colchester's first paid rescue chief in 2005. But she always knew she wanted to get back to working with animals.
“I just knew it was time for me to do something else,” Akerlind said of her decision to step down earlier this year. “It was time for someone new to be in that role [of rescue chief], too.”
She now works shorter hours for Colchester and intends to continue work as a paramedic on nights and weeks as her business grows.
Dog camp is an off-leash program in which Akerlind picks up her clients' dogs, takes them on a group walk and brings them back home, exercised and ready to relax.
Akerlind builds her pack slowly adding a dog every month or two so the others can socialize and become adjusted to their new squad member. She teaches them commands like sit, stay, and “recall,” which is to follow-on command by name.
“It's definitely fun, but it's not all fun and games,” Akerlind said. She must ensure the safety of the dogs, as well as keep them from becoming too riled up.
For Shaunna St. Clair, Akerlind's camp has been helpful in the care of their two-year-old yellow lab, Kaya, since she and her husband both work long hours.
“Kaya has a ton of energy … and having her stay at home is just really not an option for us,” St. Clair said. “Having dog camp really takes the guilt away from going to work.”
St. Clair turned to dog camp as an alternative to doggie daycare because of the flexibility the program allows with her work schedule. With doggie daycare, she said, hours usually end between 5-6 p.m.
“It's just not reasonable for people who don't work a regular 9 to 5 job,” St. Clair explained. Plus, St. Clair likes the unique offerings of dog camp.
She said the fact that Kaya gets to be with other dogs and walk in nature – off leash – “[is] like the best-case scenario for her.”
St. Clair also noted Akerlind's professionalism, flexibility and accommodating nature. “It's nice to have somebody who can tire the dog out when you're at work,” she said.
Akerlind's business model was inspired by Rhonda Biloudeau's dog camp, Vermont Dog Pack. Biloudeau helped Akerlind train her dog and showed her the ropes of running a dog camp.
For now, Akerlind services towns that border Essex but said her clients will dictate any expansion plans.
She said she enjoys watching her campers play and takes pride in taking out dogs whose busy owners might not be able to walk them themselves.
“It's definitely less stress than from my other job,” she said. “It's dogs … even the bad days are fun.”
BROOKSVILLE — The Good Life Center's Monday Night Speaker Series continues on Aug. 21 at 7 p.m. with a talk by the Mercer Family of Orland.
The family will present “The Water Inside: Reflections on our Hearts, our Lived Lives, and Healing our World,” a message and experience of the heart rather than informational through the head.
Molly and Shawn Mercer of Nancy Place Homestead in Orland will present a mix of music, story and prose that explores the power of place, the healing of love and prayer and the inner journeys we must travel along to change our world.
The house opens at 6:30. Donations are appreciated. Forest Farm is located at 372 Harborside Road in Harborside (Brooksville).
For more information, call 326-8211 or visit www.goodlife.org.
Erin Murphy is best known for playing Tabitha on the 1960s hit series “Bewitched.” These days the former child star has been keeping busy despite being choosy with her projects. The 52-year-old is a hands-on mom to six children and thoroughly enjoys meeting fans of the beloved sitcom, which starred the late Elizabeth Montgomery. She's also appearing in a new web series, titled “Life Interrupted,” which also features Alison Arngrim, Dawn Wells and Michael Learned. Murphy spoke with Fox News about the lasting success of “Bewitched”:
Fox News: How did you initially get the role of Tabitha?
Erin Murphy: ‘Bewitched' was doing this huge casting call. They had previously shown it in black and white, so the big push of the third season was that the show was going to color and that they were going to focus more on the character of Tabitha. So they were looking for someone who looked like Elizabeth Montgomery and wasn't afraid of the lights. I auditioned with my fraternal twin sister Diane and we got the part.
Fox News: What was your connection with Elizabeth Montgomery like?
Murphy: She really was like a mom to me. I definitely think of her more like a family member than a co-worker. And I think it's because when I was on set, it was just me. My parents weren't standing there next to me [while I was working]. So I looked up to her as family, as a parent almost. We were friends outside of the set and she had three children around my age, so we grew up together. So it was a close relationship for sure.
ERIN MURPHY, WHO PLAYED TABITHA ON ‘BEWITCHED,' RECALLS HER TIME ON SET
Fox News: What's one thing about your relationship with Elizabeth Montgomery that would surprise fans?
Murphy: She and I are very, very much alike. She had a really dirty sense of humor and so do I! She was just one of those people who was so beautiful, but she wasn't afraid to look silly –kind of like Lucille Ball… They could be really campy and funny. There was no fear there.
Fox News: What about your relationship with Agnes Moorehead?
Murphy: She was probably my favorite. I had a really, really wonderful and close relationship with her. I didn't have grandparents who lived in California. My grandparents were far away. But she was like my grandma and I saw her every day. She didn't have grandchildren, so she called me her granddaughter. I called her grandmama when we weren't filming. She was amazing.
Fox News: Darrin Stephens was played by two different actors. What was your relationship like with both of the men?
Murphy: It was great. I was very lucky because I stayed in touch with people after the show was over, so I had the pleasure of hanging out with Dick Sargent as an adult and having phone conversations with Dick York. As a kid, I was very close with both of them. I grew to admire them as adults because they were such great men.
Fox News: Were you there when Dick York had his accident on set?
Murphy: I was. He had a seizure on set. I don't want to say the seizure was inevitable, but the last season that he was on the show, he was in so much pain. They had to film several episodes where he wasn't in the scene because he was in so much pain. Even as a child, I could tell he was in pain and he would definitely say things about it. And later, he did tell me that one of the things that helped him stay on the show as long as he did was sitting and leaning. He couldn't really stand very much. And he said that I would sit on his lap and he would tell me stories, which helped him cope. He really was like a dad and it took his mind off the pain.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Fox News: How did you transition from being on a really popular TV show to having a normal life again?
Murphy: I think it's because I've always had this strong sense of self… I always had a large group of friends in school who happened to be in the entertainment business. So once the show was over, I was excited to go to camp, hang out with other kids my age in the neighborhood… it was easy for me. And since my family moved from Los Angeles to Orange County, I was turning down jobs. And I still do! I probably shouldn't, but I still do. I'm offered things, but I don't jump and say ‘yes' to everything. And I'm not begging people for work… I have kids at home and I plan on traveling more. I would like to do another series at some point, but I do want to spend time with family and friends, just laugh and enjoy life more. I want to do a little bit of everything.
Fox News: Does it ever get tiring to be recognized for someone that you played as a child?
Murphy: No… I think any moment that someone comes up to you just to say they liked you on a TV show, that's flattering! I think it's very kind and I'm very open to posing for pictures, meeting fans and answering questions about ‘Bewitched.' I'm thankful that people appreciate what I did. I think it's awesome.
Fox News: How did you become involved with ‘Life Interrupted'?
Murphy: I was at a party with a group of former child actors. Every few months we get together for a potluck or a barbecue. So we were at a party and Alison Arngrim [of ‘Little House on the Prairie'] called me over to the dessert table. She tells me, ‘Just say yes, just say yes, you're going to say yes.' I asked her to tell me more, of course. Because you know, we're all child actors, we all want to continue working in some way, so we're always pitching ideas to each other. I say no to almost everything. I have a bit of a reputation for being picky about the things I will and won't do. But it turned out that this project had a group of my good friends. And the thing that made me say yes was when Alison said, ‘You'll be playing my wife!' I said, ‘I'll do it!' It just sounded like a lot of fun.
Tide Pods are no longer known as a simple and convenient laundry packet. As the result of a strange meme, there has been an increase in the consumption of Tide Pods. People, mostly teenagers, are biting into the laundry packets and posting videos of it to social media. In response, Tide has condemned this, but there is not much they can do to get people to stop willingly ingesting laundry detergent.
So far, in January 2018, there have been 134 cases of “intentional exposure” to laundry pods reported to poison control centers — compared to 53 in all of last year.
Countless people have a bit into the laundry pods because of the running joke that they resemble candy, which tempts people to try to eat them. However, Procter & Gamble, Tide's parent company, doesn't think the design is the problem, and won't be changing it.
“Our focus right now is educating consumers about the proper and safe use of household products,” David Jones, a spokesman for Procter & Gamble, said about any possible changes to the Tide Pods design.
Tide seems to be trying to do just that. It has posted statements against the dangerous trend on their social media accounts, including a video with Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski to try to deter young people from following the trend. The company is also working with the American Cleaning Institute, an organization focused on household cleaning product safety, to encourage students at colleges and universities to only use cleaning products for their intended purpose.
Although this is a new trend that has taken over the Internet, Tide has had to worry about children ingesting their products in the past. In 2015, the company began coating Tide Pods in a “bitter-tasting substance” to deter children from eating them. Clearly, though, this has not stopped hundreds of teenagers from biting into the pods anyway.
Unfortunately, children have been accidentally ingesting toxic household chemicals for as long as they have been around. It's imperative that parents store any cleaning products away from children, but of course, there are still poison control reports of children ingesting them every year.
This is a trend that has to stop soon, but I don't think that Tide has much control over when it will end. It is responsible of them to educate people on the danger of ingesting laundry detergent, but that is all that they can do. It has always been known that household products are not food, but I can understand the company's desire to reiterate that to its customers. People will make their own choices, although nobody should choose to poison themselves intentionally.
Dive Brief:
According to a recent Moody's analysis of private colleges, 70% of the wealth in higher ed is concentrated between 20 institutions, while most others continue to struggle with declining revenues and negative investment returns.
Nearly one-third of small colleges across the country were operating in the red in fiscal 2016. This number represents an increase from 20% three years ago, and shows a steep contrast to large institutions, which saw a decline in institutions facing operational deficits from 20% to 13% in the same period.
Expense growth is outpacing revenue growth, though by small margins, while the median return on cash and investments last fiscal year was -1.8%.
Dive Insight:
A second report released by the investor's service revealed that increasing pressure on institutions to keep tuition low — and, in many states, caps on tuition increases — will be a continual challenge for a sector which derives over 75% of its revenue from student tuition and fees. A focus on recruitment and enrollment is important, but a dwindling feeder population and market saturation mean leaders have to find ways to be less reliant on tuition dollars to keep the doors open, while simultaneously focusing on retaining the students they do have.
And though private philanthropy is on the rise, many of those gifts are concentrated at the top, with 20 of the top brands receiving a majority of the large gifts for endowment-growing and operational and cash flow purposes. The larger, wealthier institutions have done a better a job of diversfiying revenue streams and being less reliant on student fees. And smaller institutions with large endowments have been able to draw from their endowment revenue to stay afloat.
But for the smaller institution with low endowment pools — often, these are the institutions which serve the greatest proportions of minority, low-income and first-generation students — this means more must be done to cultivate a greater number of small gifts and diversify revenue streams.
From real estate developments to finding ways to attract businesses to campus or partner with industry to compensate for cash flow gaps, campus leaders are getting more and more creative to solve the problem. But many are still missing what is perhaps low-hanging fruit: using social media to engage young alumni and influencers who could leverage their networks for the benefit of the institution.
Listen to this story here.
140 parts per trillion. That's the number used by North Carolina's Department of Health and Human Services, in regards to the health goal for GenX in the water supply. That goal represents the concentration of GenX at which no adverse non-cancer health effects would be anticipated.
WHQR reports on what those non-cancer effects might be.
The DHHS health goal refers to what the department calls non-cancer effects.
“You're talking about non-cancer effects, you're referring more to things like endocrine disruption.”
Dr. Susanne Brander is a toxicologist at UNC-Wilmington.
“And so perfluorinated compounds are known to be associated with thyroid disease, meaning you don't make enough thyroid hormone, also has been associated with reproductive effects.”
“Just because it's not cancer doesn't mean it's not a serious health issue.”
What about cancer effects, at 140 parts per trillion?
“I think the reason they hesitated to say a lot about associations with cancer is because we have one or two studies, and more research needs to be done.”
Next Wednesday there will be a GenX forum at the Lumina Theater, on the UNCW Campus. Panelists include Erin Brockovich and Robert Bowcock. That's at 6:30 on August 16th.
Fun Question for the Week: May 31, 2018
“Neil, why is my lawn so spotted? What can I do to make it look better?”
When Frank B. showed me this photo and asked his two questions, I asked him two of my own in return:
“Do you have a dog, and if so, is it a female?”
He reported back that he did and she is.
I suggested that he use an all-nitrogen fertilizer to even things out. I don't recall for sure, but I may even have suggested that he use (one time only!) ammonium sulfate (21-0-0) for fast-release nitrogen to give it a kick-start. I would have noted that you don't want to use ammonium sulfate more than once for fear that it might lead to an accumulation of thatch. But that takes us off course.
Frank shared a second photo with me several days ago, just a few weeks after the first one. It shows the dramatic turnaround his 10-month-old lawn has made since the feeding.
And there in the middle of the lawn is their princess dog Molly. Frank asked how I knew their dog was a female. I explained that male dogs seek vertical targets for their potty breaks, while the girls are far more random.
Continued Below
Advertisement
To some I may look like a genius on dog bathroom behavior, but in reality I've just been around the block a few thousand times, and I've learned to pick up on the odd but valuable clues.
So I'm not trying to toot my own horn. It's just fun when you can surprise someone with your answer. I hope you enjoyed the discussion.
Well done, Frank. Molly was trying to show you the way! Your lawn was hungry.
Posted by Neil Sperry
Teeth play a crucial part in a person's aesthetic appeal. Persistent dissatisfaction can come from gaps, broken teeth, or poor dental alignment.
[KENT, 4/7/2018] – Choosing to have cosmetic dentistry in Leybourne at One Smile Oral Care is a good way to overcome the difficulties associated with unsightly dental features. Contemporary cosmetic treatments come in many different forms, from one-off enhancements to long-lasting modifications.
Dazzling smiles with cosmetic dentistry at One Smile Oral Care
Cosmetic dentistry is often used to make a person's smile look more appealing. At One Smile Oral Care, many people choose to have teeth whitening. Teeth can discolour over the years, as food and drink leave behind traces on the outer enamel coating. The resulting unsightly stains can't be removed with tooth brushing alone.
Teeth whitening treatment involves the patient wearing a dental tray with a whitening agent inside that gradually lifts the stains off the teeth. The particular shade of white can be chosen by the patient before the process starts. When it comes to cosmetic dentistry at One Smile Oral Care, this treatment is particularly popular due to its speedy results.
Teeth straightening at One Smile Oral Care
Many people need cosmetic dentistry to alter the alignment of their teeth. Crooked, crowded or spaced out teeth can negatively affect oral hygiene, as well as being visually unappealing. Treatment with certain modern aligners and braces, available at One Smile Oral Care, comes under the umbrella of cosmetic dentistry. They offer a discreet way for patients to create their dream smile. The results of even relatively minor adjustments can be dramatic and patients can enjoy their new smiles for years to come.
Restoring what's missing at One Smile Oral Care
Lost teeth can be restored using several types of cosmetic dentistry at One Smile Oral Care. Bridges and dentures are customised to look and feel as natural as possible. Dental implants enable full dental function by securely integrating with the jawbone. They allow people to once more enjoy biting into the foods they love most.
Having cosmetic dentistry at One Smile Oral Care enables people to improve their aesthetic appeal. This can lead to an increase in confidence. Cosmetic dentistry treatments are delivered by caring professionals, safely and efficiently.
Some candidates who wrote the 2018 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) organised by Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) have expressed mixed feelings as the examination ended in some centres.
Some of the candidates in separate interviews in Lagos expressed hope of getting placement in prestigious tertiary institutions.
However, some others expressed fear that the admission process could be compromised.
Ismail Tajudeen, a candidate at the Connection Computer Institute, in Ojo Town near Lagos commended the process.
“The JAMB examination was in order and the organisers did a good job.
“I did not witness any incident of cheating or rowdiness and I am hopeful of positive results,'' he said.
Michael Ogu, another candidate from the same centre said,“The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) examination centre here is very conducive, the computers are great and with the way I prepared for the examination, I'm sure to succeed.'' .
Joan David, a candidate at the Career Building Academy, Ijanikin, expressed fear at the transparency of the process.
“I am a bit scared about the examination because last year I was confident that I would do well, but when the results came out, I did not score enough points to secure admission,'' she said.
At the Lagooz Secondary School Centre in Agege, Hakeem Balogun, a parent, commended the peaceful conduct of the examination.
“I am impressed at the organisation here.
“I have confidence in JAMB and I am sure that my daughter will do very well in the examination.
“She passed last year but she was not of age,'' Mr. Balogun said.
Another parent at the centre, Biola Omoba, told NAN that she could boldly say that “JAMB is improving every day''.
“The atmosphere here is peaceful, no incidents of malpractices or hooliganism. I am impressed,'' she said.
Moshood Momoh, a supervisor with JAMB, corroborated the parents' views, saying the examinations had been peaceful so far.
“Generally, the examination has been peaceful and we have not experienced any ugly incidents.
“We have three sessions per day, and each session accommodates 250 candidates.
“So far, the turnout has been impressive, absentees is less than one per cent,'' Mr. Momoh said.
The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), which started on March 9 across the country with an estimated 1.6 million registered candidates, will end on Monday, March 19.
A snowman and dog on a bench in Worcester, England. Photo / AP
Europe: A second day of snowfall closed schools and disrupted travel across parts of Britain and the Netherlands. Freezing weather and further snow was predicted. About a quarter of flights at Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow were cancelled. Hundreds of flights at Amsterdam's Schiphol airport were delayed, while the regional airport of Eindhoven shut completely, cancelling all flights. Heavy snowfall in the Netherlands led to the closure of schools and businesses. Rail and road networks were hit by icy weather, with some areas expected to get up to 30cm of snowfall within 24 hours. Travel was substantially disrupted for a second day across much of Britain. Train services across Wales, central and northern England as well as commuter services into London were severely disrupted.
Space: Space Age hand-me-downs are soaring to a whole new level. Tomorrow, SpaceX plans to launch its first recycled rocket for Nasa. The unmanned Falcon 9 — last used in June — will carry up a Dragon capsule that's also flown on a previous space station supply run. Nasa's International Space Station manager, Kirk Shireman, said the risk of launching a recycled rocket is about the same as for a brand new one. SpaceX is intent on driving down launch costs by salvaging its boosters and other components, and reflying them again and again.
United States: Authorities say a 2-year-old Utah girl has died after being fatally shot while her sibling was handling a gun. The Uintah County Sheriff's Office said that the child was accidentally shot in her home by an older sibling who was moving the gun from one room to another. The sheriff's office says that the gun had been leaning against a wall inside the home since Sunday after being brought back from a hunting trip.
Australia: A father of three who swam out to reach an unconscious teenage girl in choppy waters off Tasmania's northwest coast says he was scared for his own safety as he battled to keep her afloat. The 14-year-old girl is fighting for life in hospital after being pulled from the ocean off Devonport's Mersey Bluff. She got in trouble when swimming with her 14-year-old friend, who made it back to shore but was treated for shock. Anthony King, who works with the Department of Premier and Cabinet, "made one of those adrenaline -fuelled decisions that I would try and do something". Only King made it to her in tough conditions, as police and surf lifesaving crews launched rescue boats. He tried to clear her airways, hold her afloat and give mouth-to-mouth while treading water and waiting for help to arrive.
Advertisement
With smoke obscuring the sun in the distance, a Coulson C-130 Air Tanker turns in to make a drop on a hillside near Toro Canyon Road in Carpinteria, California. Photo / AP
United States: Ash fell like snow and heavy smoke had residents gasping for air as a huge Southern California fire exploded in size, becoming the fifth largest in state history and driving celebrities from a wealthy hillside enclave. Tens of thousands have fled their homes as flames churn through foothill towns near Santa Barbara, the latest flare-up. Even residents not under evacuation orders took the chance to leave. Officials handed out masks to those who stayed behind in Montecito, an exclusive community about 120km northwest of Los Angeles that's home to stars such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Drew Barrymore. Actor Rob Lowe wore a mask as he live-streamed his family evacuating. Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres tweeted that neighbours were helping each other and their animals get to safety.
Australia: Labor senator Sam Dastyari has quit the federal Parliament but insists he's a patriotic Australian, despite recent scrutiny of his dealings with a Chinese businessman and political donor. The NSW representative and factional colleague of Bill Shorten was sacked from his senior parliamentary roles by the Labor leader last week. He's now decided the best service he can render the federal party is to not return to the Senate in 2018. "I know Australia needs a Labor government and I refuse to let my personal situation put that prospect at risk," he said in Sydney. The Coalition Government had asked the Senate's powerful privileges committee to investigate Dastyari's conduct after it was revealed he had told businessman Huang Xiangmo — who has donated to both Labor and the Coalition — his phone was probably being tapped by Australian agencies.
Russia: A Russian cyber gang hacked into a British financial software company to steal millions of pounds from banks, it emerged. The crime gang used a new technique to rob 20 US and Russian banks, infiltrating their IT systems and then employing "mules" to withdraw at least £7.5 million from cash machines and steal money transfers. Group-IB, the Moscow cybersecurity firm that uncovered the crime, told the Daily Telegraph that several computers and servers at the UK company were infected by the hackers. The gang has been named "Money Taker". They hacked into banks in the US by infiltrating the card processing system. "Mules" working for the gang opened accounts in the US. Overdraft limits were then removed by the hackers, allowing the "mules" to withdraw huge amounts of cash from ATMs.
Bumblebees have a grasp of maths.
Science: Bumblebees have a grasp of maths that enables them to crack the classic "travelling salesman problem" as they forage for pollen and nectar, research shows. The problem, a benchmark of computer science, poses the question, "Given a list of cities and the distances between each pair of cities, what is the shortest possible route that visits each city and returns to the origin city?" This was the conundrum facing bumblebees let loose on an array of artificial flower feeding stations at the Rothamsted Research institute in Harpenden, Hertfordshire. Scientists from Queen Mary University of London tried to trick the bees by offering shortcuts between individual flowers that increased the total distance they travelled. Initially, the bees fell into the trap, opting for short-term gain but ending up with a longer, more exhausting journey. But gradually the insects refined their flight paths and found the most effective "travelling salesman" solution. The findings, published in the journal Scientific Reports, could assist the development of artificial intelligence (AI) and advanced robots, the researchers say
Syria: President Vladimir Putin announced Russia would start to withdraw the bulk of its forces from Syria following its "successful intervention" in the conflict there. The announcement comes after the Defence Ministry said last week that Russia had "completely liberated" Syria from Isis, despite reports that the jihadist group still controls some remote territory in the country.
HOPPING DELIGHT: Cinnamon the quokka finds her feet outside her mother's pouch for the first time at @austreptilepark.
READ MORE: https://t.co/vYOjXztcTd #TenNews pic.twitter.com/KvKz4WfsaA — TEN Eyewitness News (@channeltennews) December 12, 2017
Australia: The first baby quokka to be born at the Australian Reptile Park has taken her first hops just in time for the Christmas school holidays. Cinnamon was born to Coco and Basil in August and after spending a few months in her mum Coco's pouch took her first hops in the NSW Central Coast wildlife sanctuary this week. The tiny joey will now play an important role in the conservation breeding programme to ensure the protection of quokkas. The status of the species continues to be listed as "vulnerable" on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, while Australian mammals have the worst extinction rate in the world.
United States: A North Dakota woman pleaded guilty in the killing of a pregnant neighbour so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby, though officials are still saying little about how the victim died. Brooke Crews, 38, could face life in prison after pleading guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind, of Fargo. Her boyfriend, William Hoehn, 32, has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers. He is scheduled for trial in March.
- agencies
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — We're finally not living in some sort of endless Siberian snowscape! Which means we're seeking fresh food served straight from a parked trailer.
That's right, spring and summer herald the return of food trucks to Minnesota, and we've got a hankering for whatever the state's best has as today's special.
Your nominations on social media helped us narrow the field down to the top three candidates, listed below.
Now vote for your favorite to help us pick the ultimate winner!
Best Food Truck in Minnesota
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — The Latest on Cynthia Nixon running for New York governor (all times local):
5:55 p.m.
A spokesman for Gov. Andrew Cuomo is responding to the gubernatorial candidacy of liberal activist Cynthia Nixon by saying Cuomo has delivered more progressive wins than any other Democrat in the country.
Former "Sex and the City" star Nixon tweeted Monday that she'll challenge Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September. In a campaign video, the public education advocate said, "We want our government to work again."
Advertisement
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the "anti-Trump party."
Cuomo's campaign said the two-term governor's progressive wins include legalized gay marriage, tough gun laws, a $15 minimum wage, expanded school funding and a ban on a drilling technique known as fracking.
___
2:22 p.m.
Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
Her announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
In a video on Twitter, the public education advocate said, "We want our government to work again."
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the "anti-Trump party."
The 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three is an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues.
The 60-year-old Cuomo was favored 66 percent to 19 percent over Nixon in a recent Siena College poll.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Animal Hormones Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Scrippslabs, Leebio, Kamiya Biomedical Company.
The Animal Hormones Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Animal Hormones industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-animal-hormones-market/10142/#requestforsample
The Animal Hormones Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Animal Hormones Market Products Type Segmentation : Bovine Hormones, Canine Hormones, Monkey Hormones, Ovine Hormones, Porcine Hormones, Rat Hormones, Others.
Animal Hormones Market Applications Segmentation : Research institutions, Pharmaceutical, Others.
Key Highlights of the Animal Hormones Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-animal-hormones-market/10142/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Animal Hormones market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
