WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Wichita police say two police officers are on administrative leave pending the outcome of internal and criminal investigations.
The department released no details other than saying it possibly involves misconduct and the move was prompted by another agency's criminal probe.
Some 2015 phone calls of former state Sen. Michael O'Donnell, now a Sedgwick County commissioner, were intercepted by investigators. The paper says two former employees were sent letters by the Justice Department saying their calls with him had been intercepted.
O'Donnell did not respond to a message seeking comment.
Wichita businessman Brandon Steven told the paper he is the subject of an inquiry into poker and efforts to open a casino. Federal officials notified several parties that call with him also were intercepted.
But domain organisation is accused of poor planning and being too slow to react to the global impact of GDPR
The US body that supervises the administration of domain names and the owner of the WHOIS website, has been denied an extension to comply to the GDPR.
Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) said the move will hamper law enforcement, journalism and cybersecurity services worldwide, since the WHOIS website is used by these three industries to check the legitimacy of websites links.
Earlier this month the body acknowledged that it would not be possible to obtain a one-year exemption from fines under the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
GDPR conflict
WHOIS displays contact information for people and organisations that have registered domain names, but the way it operates is illegal under the GDPR, and could expose registrars and registries to crippling fines.
ICANN's board met in Vancouver, Canada, earlier this month, and soon after the organisation published a revised version of its temporary specification for allowing registrars and registries to operate without conflicting with EU data protection regulations.
But the plan has not been approved by EU regulators, and the US government, which wants information such as email addresses to continue being displayed, has not given it the nod either.
And then last week ICANN filed a lawsuit against a domain name registrar in Germany, in an effort to clarify how the new GDPR should be interpreted.
ICANN filed the legal action against EPAG on 25 May, the same day as GDPR came into force.
Too slow
But at least one security expert believes that ICANN was far too slow to recognise the impact GDPR would have on its service.
“The public removal of personal information from WHOIS, the system used to store the registered users of website domains, undoubtedly makes life for security and law enforcement agencies much harder,” explained Andy Kays, CTO at Redscan, a UK-based cybersecurity services company.
“Whether fake or not, the information stated on WHOIS, can be invaluable for helping to trace and track the individuals behind attacks such as phishing and spamming,” Kays added.
“An accreditation scheme, that would vet access to personal data in WHOIS records for special interest groups such as the police, security researchers and journalists, would certainly be very welcome and help to address concerns,” he said, before lamenting ICANN's poor preparation for GDPR.
“Planning to implement such a vetting system should have started years ago but by only recently attempting to outline its proposals, ICANN shows that it has been too slow to react to the global impact of the GDPR,” Kays said.
Can you protect your privacy online? Take our quiz!
MOOSIC — One run. That's all Mason Black kept thinking. Get me one run.
Alex Savkov got it for him.
Savkov singled home pinch-runner Ryan Cesarini with two outs in the top of the seventh inning to break a scoreless tie and No. 2 seed Valley View edged No. 1 seed Dallas, 1-0, in the District 2 Class 4A final Wednesday night at PNC Field.
Black outdueled Dallas senior Nick Kocher to give the Cougars (12-3) their first district baseball title since 2000 and send them on to the PIAA tournament. They will face District 4 champion Lewisburg in the first round Monday at a site and time to be determined.
Also, Valley View avenged an 8-7 loss to Dallas in last year's district final at PNC Field. The Mountaineers
(14-2) were defending state Class 4A champions.
“When I saw Alex's hit go through, it was unbelievable. I was jumping up and down,” Black said. “I just knew if you gave me one run, with our defense, we would get it done.”
A Lehigh University commit, Black threw 91 pitches, allowed four singles, walked only one and struck out four.
Kocher was just as good. He scattered six hits over 6⅔ innings, walked two and struck out seven on 105 pitches.
But, in the top of seventh, the Cougars finally broke through against him.
Jeremy Boyle led off with a single and Cesarini pinch-ran. Dylan Howanitz bunted him to second.
Chase Combs, who singled in his first two at-bats against Kocher, struck out on a 3-2 pitch. Dallas then intentionally walked Dixon Black.
That left it up to Savkov. The sophomore worked the count to 2-2, fouled off a couple of pitches, then hit the ball toward the hole between first and second. Dallas second baseman Freddie Lombardo appeared as if he would field it. But the ball skipped on the dirt and scooted past him into right field.
Cesarini raced home ahead of the throw to the plate and Valley View led, 1-0.
“I was nervous coming up to the plate,” Savkov said. “But I worked him, kept fouling off and I finally got a fastball I could drive and took it the other way.”
Dallas coach Ken Kashatus thought it was an inning-ending groundout.
“Our guy was tracking it, crossed over and he was there,” Kashatus said. “Then we saw him extend and could see the ball sort of side-spin.”
Matt Mathers led off the Dallas seventh with a single against Mason Black. But the senior struck out Drew Patton, got Mike Collins to hit a little looper to brother Dixon Black at shortstop, then fanned Lombardo to end the game and touch off a wild celebration by the Cougars and their fans.
“The way we were putting the bat on the ball, I knew it was just a matter of time before we got a run,” Valley View coach Jason Munley said. “And with the way Mason was throwing, one run was all we needed. He was lights out tonight.”
Valley View stranded two runners in each of the first two innings.
With one out in the first, Savkov singled and Corey Pezak walked. But Kocher got a fielder's choice and a strikeout to end the inning.
Then in the second, Boyle walked with one out and Combs singled with two outs. Dixon Black hit the ball hard, but right at right fielder Collins for the third out.
Dallas' best chance early came in the bottom of the third.
Lombardo led off by reaching on a two-base error and was sacrificed to third by Joshua Holdredge. But Mason Black got Darren Kerdesky to foul out to third for the second out, then struck out Will McCrum to keep the game scoreless.
“I was just really trying to pound the zone,” Mason Black said. “I was going for strikeouts at that point. Really just keep the ball away from them.”
Again in the fifth, Valley View put two runners aboard on back-to-back, one-out singles by Combs and Dixon Black. Again, Kocher got out of it with a pair of groundouts.
Excellent defense in the sixth helped keep the game scoreless. In the top-half, Dallas shortstop McCrum went deep into the hole to backhand a ball and throw out Kyle Cwalinski. Then in the bottom-half, Valley View left fielder Zach Kovalchik made a diving catch of a sinking line drive off the bat of Kocher for the third out.
“Right from day one, these guys were special,” Munley said. “They believed in themselves, believed in each other and they care about each other. That goes a long way in sports. They developed a special bond and refused to lose.”
Contact the writer:
swalsh@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100 ext. 5109;
@swalshTT on Twitter
Valley View 1, Dallas 0
Valley View Dallas
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Black ss 3 0 1 0 Kerdesky cf 3 0 0 0
Savkov 3b 4 0 2 1 McCrum ss 3 0 1 0
Pezak cf 3 0 0 0 Luksic 3b 3 0 0 0
Black p 3 0 0 0 Kocher p/p 3 0 1 0
Sebastianelli dh 3 0 0 0 Mathers c 3 0 1 0
Kovalchik lf 0 0 0 0 Patton lf 2 0 0 0
Cwalinski 1b 3 0 0 0 Collins rf 3 0 0 0
Boyle c 2 1 1 0 Lombardo 2b 3 0 1 0
Howanitz rf 2 0 0 0 Holdredge 1b 0 0 0 0
Combs 2b 3 0 2 0 Lydon p 0 0 0 0
Totals 26 1 6 1 Totals 23 0 4 0
Valley View 000 000 1 — 1
Dallas 000 000 0 — 0
Valley View IP H R ER BB SO
Black, WP 7 4 0 0 1 8
Dallas IP H R ER BB SO
Kocher, LP 6.2 6 1 1 3 7
Lydon .1 0 0 0 0 0
A police officer with the regional Integrated Road Safety Unit was knocked down by a pickup truck with a trailer while he was at the intersection of 200 Street and Fraser Highway looking for distracted drivers using cell phones. The officer's injuries were said to be relatively minor. Dan Ferguson Langley Times
A police officer hunting for distracted drivers was hit by a pickup truck Monday afternoon in the Lower Mainland.
The officer was said to be a member of the Integrated Road Safety Unit who was looking for drivers using cell phones at a busy intersection in Langley.
Police at the scene said the officer was walking in traffic just before he was hit.
One witness said it appeared the officer “got caught” on the back of the truck's trailer as it was passing by, and it pulled him to the ground.
It did not appear that the truck driver was using his phone.
The officer was taken to hospital with minor injuries as a precaution.
dan.ferguson@langleytimes.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
KINGSTON — The Valley West football team has struggled to develop the right mix of explosive plays and ground-and-pound offense this season.
But Friday, that plan worked to perfection against Abington Heights.
Sean Mikovitch ran for 213 yards and three touchdowns — including a shifty 70-yard scamper in the second quarter — leading the Spartans to a 38-7 romp over the Comets at Spartan Stadium. Zach Davies added a nine-yard score early in the first quarter, and Darrian Tyson had a backbreaking 40-yard punt return in the second half.
“I thought we played well up front,” Valley West head coach Pat Keating said. “Being able to control that line of scrimmage was the ticket for us tonight.”
Quarterback Rob Dwyer added 65 yards rushing, and the do-it-all Tyson had 28 yards out of the backfield.
Valley West's (2-5) front seven was just as dominant, harassing Abington Heights quarterback George Tinsley all game. Brendan Woods provided a big spark off the bench, sacking the quarterback twice on a last-gasp second-half drive.
But Mikovitch provided the play of the game with his long dash to help the Spartans take a 14-7 lead early. The senior ran up the middle before cutting to the right side and breaking four tackle attempts. He added a stop-and-go move for good measure, and Valley West rode that momentum the rest of the game.
“(Mikovitch) ran the ball hard,” Keating said. “He's more than capable of doing that, and I'm happy for him. He had a big night.”
He added a 44-yard run to open the second half that put Valley West up, 24-7.
Meanwhile, many of Abington Heights' (1-6) wounds were self-inflicted. Tinsley and center Chris Callahan were out of sync throughout the game, leading to a number of high shotgun snaps that killed any drives with promise.
Tinsley did throw a 19-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Trey Koehler, who finished the game with four catches for 67 yards.
Kaleb Sherman added a few nice runs out of the backfield, picking up 81 rushing yards.
The Comets will try to rebound next week against Wallenpaupack, while Valley West gets a momentum boost before traveling to Berwick.
Contact the writer:
tpiccotti@citizensvoice.com;
570-821-2089;
@CVPiccotti on Twitter
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Football fans in Bristol face a huge dilemma with the country's quarter-final tie clashing with arguably the biggest event in the city's calendar.
England face Sweden at 3pm on Saturday, July 7, in the last eight of the World Cup 2018 in a showdown in southern Russian city of Samara.
Why is that significant you ask?
The answer is St Paul's Carnival.
(Image: Bristol Post)
Bristol's infamous celebration of Afro-Caribbean culture starts at 12pm the very same day, with festivities continuing until 10pm.
Event organisers have confirmed the game will not be screened in any official capacity, leaving revellers with a decision to make come mid-afternoon.
The carnival procession will start at noon, with roads closed off and more than 20 sound systems set up around St Paul's to mark the occasion.
The carnival has not been on for the past three years, and is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year.
It is feasible that the thronging crowds will disperse as people go in search of the nearest TV screen before heading back into the heat of the carnival after full-time.
Don't live nearby? Fear not, there are several watering holes within walking distance that will be showing the game and offering a couple of hours of respite from the heat and chaos of the carnival.
Here's our list of the best places to watch the game in and around St Paul's:
New Bristol Brewery
(Image: Simon Slater)
A hidden gem in the heart of St Paul's, this is probably your best shout if you want to enjoy the game without straying far from the carnival action.
You can't argue with £3 beers brewed in the same building, but be warned, it could be VERY busy.
Firstly, the warehouse is located in Wilson Street - the starting point of the carnival processsion.
Secondly, the brewery - which only opens sporadically - has been screening every England game, with the crowds growing each time as the venue's popularity increases.
Get down early if you want to have a good seat.
Where is it? 20a Wilson Street, BS2 9HH
Showcase Cinema de Lux
Probably quite a rogue shout for what is supposed to be a hot day, but Bristol's Showcase Cinemas will be screening every single World Cup match for free, meaning you can enjoy the football from the comfort of a huge cinema armchair.
The nearest Showcase to the carnival is the 'Cinema de Lux' - literally across the road in Cabot Circus. So although it might feel a bit weird screaming and shouting somewhere you'd normally expect to be silent, it could be a good option in terms of proximity.
Where is it? Cabot Circus, BS1 3BX
The Phoenix
Tucked away by Cabot Circus car park is the Phoenix.
The pub has recently had a makeover, and located just a stone's throw from the carnival action this is definitely a good shout if you want to catch the football without going too far.
Where is it? 1 Wellington Buildings, Champion Square, BS2 9DB
Punch Bowl
(Image: Punch Bowl Facebook)
The Punch Bowl in Old Market is about 10 minutes walk from St Paul's.
Not a big sacrifice to make to watch England reach the semi-finals of a World Cup... (it's coming home, lads).
Where is it? 23 Old Market Street
Miner Arms
Just a short walk away in St Werberghs, The Miners Arms is a local favourite and has been screening a lot of World Cup action.
Where is it? 136 Mina Road, BS2 9YQ
The Farm
(Image: The Farm Facebook)
If you don't fancy The Miners Arms, head about 100m further down Mina Road and make a left and you will find The Farm pub, right next to St Werberghs City Farm.
Another firm favourite with the locals, the atmosphere should be great. Having said that, it should be great pretty much everywhere.
Where is it? Hopetoun Road, BS2 9YL
The Lanes
If you don't mind walking 10 minutes or so away from the carnival, The Lanes is a good option.
It might be best-known for its bowling alley, but The Lanes is also a cracking place to watch the football. Its resident pop-up Ray's Pizza also serve up some delicious slices to wash those match pints down with.
Where is it? 22 Nelson Street, BS1 2LE
Cat and Wheel
A short walk from St Paul's through Montpelier is the Cat and Wheel on Cheltenham Road.
The pub has plenty of screens both inside and outside in its courtyard gardens. It also serves up seriously cheap drinks, including a tasty Jagerbomb offer - don't say we didn't warn you...
Where is it? 207 Cheltenham Road, BS6 5QX
Industry Bar and Kitchen
Another one that isn't a million miles from the action.
It's only been open a year, but Industry is gaining a good reputation among sports fans who enjoy watching matches somewhere a little quieter. It also serves up good-standard pub food if you want a meal alongside the action.
Where is it? 141 Gloucester Road, BS7 8BA
The Anchor
This will require a bit more of a walk from the heart of the carnival but it could be worth it for the peace, quiet and space.
Hugely popular with students but with plenty of room to accommodate everyone, The Anchor is Gloucester Road's busiest sports bar for a reason. Its drinks are reasonably priced and it has plenty of screens.
Where is it? 323 Gloucester Road, BS7 8PE
You can find out everything you need to know about St Paul's Carnival 2018 right here and here.
Danny Rose outburst has not affected Tottenham, insists captain Hugo Lloris
Hugo Lloris does not believe Danny Rose's public criticism of Tottenham has caused any problems within the squad.
by Omnisport News 15 Aug 2017, 01:17 IST
Tottenham full-back Danny Rose
Tottenham captain Hugo Lloris says Danny Rose's public criticism of the club's wage structure and transfer policy has had no negative impact on the squad.
Rose caused a storm last week when he accused Spurs of failing to pay him what he believes he is worth, while he also urged the club to sign recognised stars.
The full-back apologised for the timing of his remarks but his future remains uncertain, with Chelsea and Manchester United reportedly interested.
However, Lloris believes Rose's comments were largely down to frustration at his long injury lay-off and says he will be welcomed back into the squad when he is ready.
"Danny is part of the team and we understand his frustrations. It has been six or seven months he has been out of the team with an injury," Lloris said.
"The team is quiet about it. Danny made a mistake, he apologised and we move on. That's it. The team was never affected by it as we were focused on our first Premier League game.
"We know from outside if you start to listen, inside the squad, you can be affected but we stick together and must be focused and have the same ambition.
"We stayed calm. We are still in touch with Danny and there is no problem. If people from outside want to make trouble it does not affect us. We are a good squad, very clean with good minds and sometimes you can do mistakes.
"The thing is not to repeat them. The most important thing is that the leaders of this team are not affected and we are moving on and we showed it. The commitment inside the squad is great."
Now regulators in Europe are asking whether Facebook is excessively collecting details about the online activities of internet users — in effect, forcibly extracting a valuable commodity from consumers.
Authorities in a number of European countries contend that Facebook has unfairly used its leverage to collect details about the activities of both Facebook users and nonusers on millions of third-party sites that use tools like Facebook's “like” button and analytics service. Some of those regulators have developed a novel argument: data coercion.
This month, Italy's Competition Authority said Facebook was using “undue influence” to get consumers to “consent to the collection and use of all the information concerning them.” In February, a court in Belgium found that Facebook had collected details about Belgium-based internet users without their unequivocal consent and ordered it to stop collecting data on non-Facebook sites “in a manner that is excessive.”
And in December, antitrust regulators in Germany said in a preliminary finding that Facebook was abusing its dominant market position there by requiring users to let the company “limitlessly amass every kind of data generated by using third-party websites and merge it with the user's Facebook account.”
Until recently, few consumers stopped to consider the value of their personal information or how much of it they were forking over in exchange for free online services.
But the recent revelations that the voter-profiling firm Cambridge Analytica obtained the personal information of up to 87 million Facebook users have prompted more questions about the data the social media giant is collecting.
“If something is being sold at a certain price, you can make an informed decision on whether you're willing to pay,” said Anisha Sekar, a 27-year-old product manager at RaiseMe, a startup in San Francisco that helps students earn college scholarships. “With Facebook, it's difficult to know what you're giving up, and you can't really make a fully informed choice.”
Although Twitter, Google Analytics and many other services also track consumers' online activities for advertising or website measurement purposes, German regulators singled out Facebook's terms and conditions as inappropriate.
They say consumers in Germany have little choice of social networks, forcing users to consent to Facebook's collection of their web-browsing data if they want Facebook accounts. According to the regulators' analysis, Facebook has a 95 percent market share of social networking in Germany.
“Since we believe Facebook is dominant, the user's agreement to these terms and conditions is not voluntary,” Andreas Mundt, the president of Germany's Federal Cartel Office, said in a recent phone interview.
Because users in Germany lack a real choice, he added, Facebook in effect is able to extract whatever data it wants from them. “The Facebook case is really about excessive pricing vis-à-vis the consumer,” Mundt said.
He compared the current Facebook proceeding to a 2013 case in which his agency charged Amazon with unfairly prohibiting sellers, as a condition of selling their products on the site, from offering lower prices elsewhere. Amazon ultimately agreed to abandon its pricing practice.
The regulators are not trying to quantify the specific monetary value of data. German, Italian and Belgian regulators are arguing in different ways that certain Facebook data practices are unfair or misleading, not directly causing financial harm to consumers.
Facebook has appealed the judge's ruling in Belgium. The company also disagrees with the German regulators' finding of dominance. Matt Steinfeld, a Facebook spokesman, said that just half of internet users in Germany used Facebook while the rest used other services.
“Like Facebook, many of those services are supported by ads and offer tools to other apps and websites, then use information they collect to improve people's experience,” Steinfeld said in a statement. “This is not the picture of an internet dominated by a single renegade company.”
He said the company looked forward to answering questions from regulators in Italy.
The United States, where 68 percent of adults say they use Facebook, according to the Pew Research Center, looks at competition differently. Experts said federal regulators would be unlikely to consider Facebook the dominant player, given that many consumers in the United States also use Twitter, Snapchat and other services.
Marketers have long contended that consumers willingly trade their data for more customized ads and personalized services.
“To some degree, we would say most consumers want relevance and aren't too concerned about privacy,” Bryan Kennedy, the chief executive of Epsilon, a data broker and analytics provider, said at a recent ad industry conference.
While consumers may like discounts and relevance, many are uncomfortable with the data-mining that goes into those benefits. According to a study by researchers at the University of Pennsylvania, many consumers think the trade-off is unfair and, in fact, are simply “resigned” to being data-mined. The recent news that Cambridge Analytica siphoned off the data of Facebook users and their friends has made the trade-off only look like a rawer deal.
Sekar, the startup employee, said she had long accepted that using Facebook and Facebook-owned services like Instagram meant the company would collect information about her for ads.
But that exchange has become more complicated, she said, as new questions emerge about how consumers' data could be mined to profile and potentially manipulate them. While she is still using Facebook and Instagram and has a “decent sense” of what the company collects, she added, “it's probably worse than I know.”
“It really frustrates me that all of this is done under the guise of: ‘Well, you made this choice. Nobody is making you sign up for Facebook,'” Sekar said.
Some industry experts, however, said it was illogical to suggest that Facebook was overcharging in data — because consumer data does not have a face value like a dollar bill. It's a commodity with a fluctuating value, they said, depending on what it is used for.
“Mass quantities of data by itself doesn't confer any kind of competition advantage or intrinsic value,” said Ryan Hagemann, the director of technology policy at the Niskanen Center, a libertarian think tank in Washington that has received funding from Facebook. “It's about how the data is used.”
Facebook made about $84 on average per user in the United States and Canada last year and about $20 on average from users globally, up from $13.50 and $5 in 2012, the year it went public. Targeting ads to its 2.2 billion users helped Facebook generate revenue of $40.6 billion in 2017.
The consumer-tracking techniques underpinning that revenue are not unique to Facebook. But the Cambridge Analytica revelations and Facebook's gargantuan online reach have put the social network in the hot seat. The company has compounded its problems by being unclear about its practices.
In two days of questioning during congressional hearings this month, Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook's chief executive, told legislators that he did not know how many data points Facebook collected about individual users or how many non-Facebook sites the company tracked users on, and he offered incomplete answers about how the tracking worked.
Although Facebook allows users to opt out of seeing ads based on their use of other sites and apps, they cannot opt out of the company's collecting details about their activities on those services.
After the congressional hearings, Facebook posted a blog item generally laying out how it receives data on users' activities from non-Facebook sites.
“We can and will do more to help people understand how Facebook works and the choices they have,” Steinfeld, the Facebook spokesman, said.
Sekar's ambivalence lines up with a sense of resignation that researchers at the University of Pennsylvania's Annenberg School for Communication found when they asked Americans about their feelings on sharing unknown quantities of their data with companies.
While much of the ad industry views the consumers from whom it extracts information as willing and informed participants, the Penn researchers say users are in the dark about what they're giving up.
“The whole idea is unethical if people don't understand it,” said Joseph Turow, a professor at the Annenberg School and the lead author of the study.
This year, 63 percent of consumers who responded to the researchers' questions said they wanted to have control over what companies can learn about them online, but have come to accept they have little control over that. That's up from 58 percent in 2015.
This article originally appeared in The New York Times.
NATASHA SINGER and SAPNA MAHESHWARI © 2018 The New York Times
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Scranton Times - Aug 14, 1917
Ex-Scranton man wounded in holdup
Raymond Robinson, paymaster for the New Jersey Brick Co. and son of Mr. and Mrs. John Robinson of North Scranton, was recovering in St. Luke's Hospital in New York City after a violent roadside holdup.
Robinson and William Eversham were traveling in a carriage from the train station in Matteawan, New York, to the brick company's plant in Clifford, New York. Robinson had in his possession $10,000 for the company's payroll. At one point in the journey, five masked and armed bandits emerged from the woods, demanding the cash.
Robinson and Eversham pulled out their guns and a gunfight took place. Robinson was shot in the shoulder and arm and Eversham took a bullet to the leg. The bandits fled.
The pair continued on to Clifford and delivered the payroll. Then they were taken for medical attention.
City firefighters enjoy a clambake
The city's firefighters and guests enjoyed a clambake at Luna Park.
The only athletic competition that was held at the clambake was a quoit contest, in which Assistant Superintendent Harry Glaesman was crowned the champion.
The clambake was organized by Raymond Chubb, John Raymond, Howard Walker, Archie Argust, Harold Koch, George Blackledge and David Lewis.
6,000 ears of corn sold at market
Put another successful day in the books at the Public Market in Scranton. By 9:30 a.m., 34 wagons of produce were sold out.
H.S. Corselius of the Abingtons reported he sold 6,000 ears of corn by 8 a.m. He was charging 20 cents a dozen. Oscar Veith of Clarks Summit said he sold seven barrels filled with cabbage, charging a nickel per head.
BRIAN FULTON, library manager, oversees The Times-Tribune's expansive digital and paper archives and is an authority on local history. Contact him at
bfulton@timesshamrock.com
or 570-348-9140.
BUSINESS
The median price of apartments in Seoul surpassed 700 million won ($651,000) for the first time in January. According to KB Bank, the price rose 3 percent from the previous month, reaching 705 million won. The bank has been conducting surveys on the median apartment price since December 2008.
The median price is the figure in the middle of the numbers that range from lowest to highest.
The following are the obituaries that were published in The Republican on Aug. 14, 2017.
To read each full obituary, click on the name.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WILKES-BARRE — City police are seeking a man who raped a woman at knife-point Sunday evening.
The woman reported she was walking on Carey Avenue about 6 p.m. when the attacker approached her and pulled a knife, according to police. The man then threatened her and raped her, police said.
Police described the attacker as black and about 5 feet, 8 inches with a small build. He had a shaved head, small, square glasses and was about 30 years old, police said.
The attacker was also riding a men's mountain bike, police said.
Anyone with information is asked to call police at 570-208-4200.
With the rise of racially-charged incidents, many organizations are developing new ways to overcome these issues. The Ahmed Kathrada Foundation—which is dedicated to combating discrimination—recently launched an app in South Africa that will allow users to report racist occurrences, Business Day reported.
New app hopes to identify where and when racist incidents happen https://t.co/RGVgSKE9cq — Business Day (@BDliveSA) March 15, 2018
The app—dubbed the Zimele Race Report—is a platform that lets individuals log their experiences with racism. The data captured through the app will help determine discriminatory trends and decide which areas need the most attention and how local organizations can step in and help. The app was a combined effort between the foundation and the Innovation Hub.
“The idea behind the app is to aggregate data around hot spots or trends of racism‚” Zaakirah Vadi, a spokeswoman for the Ahmed Kathrada Foundation, told the news outlet. “If there is a school in a certain area where we get five reports from‚ we know there is something really serious going on at that school. We will then send in facilitators [to resolve the issue]. What we are doing during the pilot phase is engaging with a range of organizations, such as the South African Human Rights Commission … so that they can deal with some of the complaints as well.” She added that the app is being used as an avenue to unify organizations who are on a mission to combat racism.
The Zimele Race Report app is currently available on Google Play for Android users only.
Many apps have been developed in efforts to provide solutions and bring awareness to pressing social issues. In 2016, developer Josh Begley launched an app called Archives + Absences that was designed to log every single police killing in this country.
SEE ALSO:
A New App Will Notify You Every Time Someone Is Killed By Police
New App Allows You To Locate Black-Owned Businesses
Men Charged In Deadly Calif. Ghost Ship Warehouse Fire Plead No Contest
Enlarge this image toggle caption JOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images JOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images
Two men each charged with 36 counts of involuntary manslaughter, representing the three dozen people who perished in the 2016 Oakland, Calif. warehouse fire, pleaded no contest on Tuesday, in a deal letting them avoid trial and possibly lengthy prison terms.
Derick Almena, who managed the artists' collective turned dance venue known as the Ghost Ship, agreed to a nine year sentence with an additional three years supervised release.
Max Harris, a tenant who assisted Almena in his duties as an illegal landlord, is expected to be sentenced to six years with four years supervised release.
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
But with time served, time spent behind bars may be much shorter, according to Almena's attorney.
Almena would likely only spend three-and-a-half more years behind bars, defense attorney, Tony Serra, said in a news conference Tuesday.
"So it's not what I would call devastating," Serra said.
He added that Almena had entered the no contest plea not out of legal necessity or "culpability" but as "a moral imperative to eliminate all of the trauma and pain and suffering that everyone who touches this case endures."
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
Almena himself underlined that point in a jailhouse interview with KTVU, saying "to sit through months of parents looking at burned remains of their children, it's not even worth it."
David Gregory, whose daughter Michela Gregory was among the victims, said the sentences were not enough.
"We just wanted some justice," Gregory said, adding he wished the defendants would have had to stand trial. "Some questions could have been answered during trial."
Sami Kopelman, the mother of Edmond Lapine who also died in the blaze, told the East Bay Times she would have liked for Almena and Harris to each serve 36 years: one year for each life lost.
"I don't want my son's life or those of the other victims, no matter what their circumstances were for being there, I don't want the value of their lives to be lessened by a sweep aside," Kopelman said.
Last year, the Oakland Fire Department released a lengthy report detailing what happened on the night of Dec. 2, 2016, when a dance party ended with the building, a cluttered 9,880 sq. ft. warren with blocked windows, burning down.
Witnesses told investigators that before midnight, flames and thick smoke drove people to shout fire and run. But there was nowhere to go.
Party goers on the second floor couldn't make it down the makeshift stairway.
"(T)he walls of the hallways were assembled together from aggregates of salvaged and scavenged materials, such as pianos, organs, windows, wood benches, lumber, and innumerable other items stacked next to and on top of each other," the report said.
The building had no sprinklers, nor did it have an automatic fire detection system, according to investigators.
By the time firefighters arrived around 11:30 p.m., smoke was already pouring out of the building.
They never were able to pinpoint the cause of the fire.
"Defendants Almena and Harris knowingly created a fire trap with inadequate means of escape, filled it with human beings," Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley said last year when she announced her office was filing felony charges against the men.
On the night of the party, one of two exits was blocked, she said.
"Almena's and Harris' actions were reckless, creating a high risk of death," O'Malley said.
The sentencing hearing is set for next month. At that time witnesses for the defense as well as the victims will have the opportunity to speak, Serra said.
"It will be a very agonizing session," Serra said Tuesday, "just as the plea session today was protracted."
Kopelman, told the East Bay Times that she, for one, does not expect to attend the hearing.
"I don't think I could bear to see those two men in person," she said.
There might still be months until Halloween, but dressing like Cher Horowitz has never been easier. Valfre created a Clueless clothing collection and it will have you totally wiggin'. It's the perfect mix of trendy and wearable, but people will still stop you on the street to ask how you went back in time to get the look.
Certain fashion moments will last forever. Think the little black dress from Breakfast at Tiffany's or the shoes from Wizard of Oz. Cher Horowitz's entire closet is among the greats. Everything outfit from Clueless is iconic, from her yellow plaid separates to her iconic Alaïa dress. Thanks to Valfre, you can now recreate the classic moments in the best way ever.
Don't start buggin' though. These outfits aren't exactly like the ones from the screen, but they were inspired by them. That means that you can get the trends that you know and love without looking like you're stuck in the past decade. Basically, it's the best of both worlds — the '90s and today.
Valfre created eight different items inspired by the fashion from Clueless. The collection might be small, but it is mighty. Each of the pieces ranges from $42 to $88 and worth every single penny. The only downside is that they only come in sizes extra-small to extra-large.
Valfre Horowitz Top In Ivory, $68, Valfre
You will know exactly what scenes from the movie inspire this collection at first glance. The sheer top with furry sleeves comes from the scene where she's taking her drivers test. Plus it comes in black as well, so you can make up your own memories.
Other designs include the iconic plaid two-piece that just about everyone knows and loves — but with a twist. The colors aren't as bright and your stems will be covered, but the print makes it clear what inspired the look. Plus you can easily pair them with other pieces from the collection to get the full '90s effect.
The Amandine Dress isn't exactly like the one from the movie, but it will have people screaming, "Yo, Ambular!" from across the party. Except for you didn't have to go through Cher's laundry to get it.
There's also a Sabrina dress, which looks to have been inspired by your other favorite '90s character Sabrina the Teenage Witch. It's a wrap dress with a moon on one side and a star on the other.
Amandine Dress in Burgundy, $88, Valfre
This collection might only be online, but you have tons of different ways to shop. While you can go ahead and add it to your cart and purchase it as normal, you can also use Future Pay. That means that you buy as many items as you'd like and make $25 payments on them in the, well, future. It's the perfect way to stock up on all the '90s inspo, but not have to max out daddy's plastic.
There's also free shipping on all orders of $75, which is basically one outfit. You can also get free returns, if your outfit makes you look like a total Monet. Secure payment is also a major perk of shopping through the brand. You don't have to worry about someone snagging your digits when you're trying to look like you hopped off the screen.
Salem Top in Burgundy Plaid, $42, Valfre
The '90s are alive and well decades later, so this is one collection that you won't want to miss out on. Although the movie and fashion will live on forever, this sartorial collection won't. So grab your dad's credit card and get to shopping like it's 1995.
The Wonder Years' 'Raining In Kyoto' Connects The Human Comedy
YouTube
We're all closer than you think. Sure, you can tweet your feelings to millions around the world, but it's community that ultimately ties together our disparate worlds. It's what Honoré de Balzac called the human comedy — age and race and men and women and class all wrapped up in each other. That's the central thesis of Sister Cities, the richly textured and emotionally wrenching record by The Wonder Years.
"Raining in Kyoto" begins the album with a big-hearted pop-punk blast. For fans who've been following along, it's a bit of a bait-and-switch for the sonically subdued songs to follow, but lyrically captures that space between intimacy and universality.
"You're half-awake / And I bought you a radio to play the blues away / With my hand to hold, you asked about the way you wish they'd let you die at home," Dan Campbells sings. The song was written about his grandfather, whom Campbell found out had died while boarding a plane for a Japanese tour, and the kindness of a stranger at a shrine who guided him through a "makeshift funeral."
Director Josh Coll takes the themes of "Raining in Kyoto" to the streets and people of Philadelphia (The Wonder Years' hometown) and various locations in Japan. You see children on bicycles, chefs in restaurants, teens bored in transit, boxers and motorcyclists. At a certain point, you stop seeing where these people live and instead how these people live.
Sister Cities is out now via Hopeless Records. The Wonder Years are on tour.
A half-term goalkeeping camp is running at Peterborough Northern Star FC during half-term.
Great Britain Paralympian Ryan Kay will be hosting the course for 5-12 year olds at Chestnut Avenue on behalf of the ‘A Sporting Hand' company.
The camp will run all week from Monday, February 20 to Friday, February 24 inclusive. Each day runs from 9.30am to 3.30pm, although an extra time service is available until 4.30pm each day.
Places are still available priced £12.50 per day or £50 for the week. Bookings can be made by e-mail to Paul@asportinghand.co.uk or through website www.asportinghand.co.uk.
Kay was a member of the GB Paralympic team at Rio last year.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Scranton Shamrocks are looking at keeping their inaugural exhibition season moving full steam ahead.
Coming off an impressive debut last week, the Shamrocks will face the Pottstown Flames on Sunday at 1 p.m. at Johnson College.
The Shamrocks earned a 152-111 win over the New York Lightning in their first game against an ABA opponent. Five players scored in double figures, led by Darnell Alford's 24 points.
Lamont Tillery added 23, Brandon Angradi, who was a standout at Delaware Valley and Dickinson, scored 22 and Ayyub Ali had 21. Scranton's Stephon Draper handed out 11 assists.
“That first game, first and foremost, was fun to get back into a competitive game that is not just a pickup league game,” said Angradi, who is an assistant coach at East Stroudsburg North High School.
“Not having a lot of practice time together, I thought we were all a little unsure of how the game would go early, but after the first couple of minutes we got our bearings and settled in. With teams like this you haven't played a lot together. The one thing we really did well was share the ball. There were very few possessions where guys went one-and-one.”
The Pottstown Flames are in their first season with the ABA.
One of their standout players is Marquis Marshall, who is a Berks Catholic graduate and the son of NBA player Donyell Marshall.
Local fans may remember Marquis, who scored 20 points in a 56-53 loss to Abington Heights in the PIAA Class 3A second round in 2012.
The Flames are part of the Chesapeake Division and are 0-2. One of the losses came against the NEPA Stars and Stripes, which is based in Wilkes-Barre, 131-92.
“The one thing we are focused on is playing some defense,” Angradi said. “In this league, you see teams scoring a lot of points. Moving forward, you can't always control when the ball goes in, but you can control the focus and attention to defense, and we can bring that approach to the league.”
Contact the writer:
jbfawcett@timesshamrock.com; 570348-9125;
@sportsTT on Twitter
Loving And Hating Dollar General In Rural America Dollar General stores thrive in low-income rural towns, and the deep-discount chain has opened hundreds of new shops in the past year.
Elite Farm Services workers seen throwing chickens at a Chilliwack farm in undercover video filmed by Mercy for Animals. (Submitted)
The Vancouver Humane Society (VHS) is not happy it's been nearly a year since the release of video showing violent abuse of chickens on a Chilliwack farm and yet no one has been charged.
“There would no doubt be considerable public outrage if the alleged perpetrators of these extreme acts of cruelty were not brought to justice,” VHS executive director Debra Probert said in a May 28 letter to B.C. Attorney General David Eby.
The video in question shot at an Elite Farm Services operation in Chilliwack and showed chickens being kicked, stomped on, sexually abused and having their limbs torn off.
In the wake of the undercover footage filmed by an employee working for Mercy for Animals, five employees and one supervisor of the local farm labour company involved were fired, according to the company's president.
“We are sickened with the footage and want to ensure all our suppliers and producers that this is not reflective of who we are, our fundamental beliefs or behaviour we accept from our employees,” said Dwayne Dueck of Elite Farm Services in a statement issued in June 2017.
The BC Chicken Marketing Board, too, expressed disgust at the practices seen in the video.
“This is beyond anything that any normal person would conceive of to be normal behaviour,” executive director Bill Vanderspek told Black Press in an interview nearly a year ago. “I was just disgusted.”
• READ MORE: B.C. chicken farmers respond to videos of violent abuse of birds at Chilliwack farms
Given the long delay, the VHS is calling on Eby to ensure those responsible for the animal cruelty are brought to justice.
The B.C. SPCA has produced a report for Crown Counsel recommending animal cruelty charges, but no charges have been laid, according to the VHS.
“We are concerned at this undue delay and any potential impact it might have on a successful prosecution proceeding,” Probert said in her letter to Eby. “
The letter calls on the Attorney General to “take whatever action is necessary to expedite Crown Counsel's work on this case.”
• READ MORE: Chicken catchers to wear body cameras following abuse video
@PeeJayAitch
paul.henderson@theprogress.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Chastity's 'Children' Will Lead The Way
YouTube
Chastity's heft is often uncommonly pretty. You can hear the industrial-metal gruel of Godflesh, Smashing Pumpkins' snarl swirled in sweetness and Hum's distorted stargaze all through Brandon Williams' project, yet that heft appears to function as a way to ponder heavy ideas just as much as sound.
"Children" leads off Chastity's debut album, Death Lust, with a guitar tone that swims through concrete walls like liquefied stone. This is the kind of monotonic and massive riff that commands a legion to the front of the stage, raging in slow motion, as Williams coos over the beautiful bombast. It's paired with a video written, cast and produced by himself (with direction by Justin Singer) that mimics Chastity's sonic dichotomy, based on a series of events that happened in Whitby, Ontario.
"This is a close-up on the practice of institutional racism that's revealed itself in my hometown by members of the police," Williams writes in a statement to NPR Music.
On the night of Dec. 28, 2016, an off-duty police officer named Michael Theriualt and his brother allegedly beat a young black man, Dafonte Miller, with a steel pipe while he was walking near his home. The 19-year-old lost sight in his left eye. When Miller tried calling 911, Theriualt took Miller's phone and told the operator that he was arresting the teen. Theriualt's father, John Theriualt, a former Toronto detective, attempted to interfere in the investigation, leading to his dismissal from the Professional Standards Unit. The two brothers have been charged with aggravated assault, assault with a weapon and public mischief; they appeared in court in February, and are expected to resume in May. The Theriualts, and both the Durham and Toronto police departments have all been allegedly involved in a cover-up.
"Children" channels the outrage of a community into a beautifully shot video that spotlights both the vulnerability and the solidarity of youth.
"John, Christian and Michael Theriault, Toronto and Durham police are a threat to public safety," Williams writes. "Black Lives Matter. How much do black lives matter to police?"
Death Lust comes out July 13 via Captured Tracks (physical, digital).
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Campaigners are calling on Parliament to recognise the dangers to mental health of letting 16-year-olds join the army, as it makes them more vulnerable to PTSD.
An Early Day Motion tabled this week raises awareness of a film, Life After War, made by army veteran Wayne Sharrocks.
Mr Sharrocks, who completed two tours of Afghanistan, enlisted at just 17.
After seven years he left after being involved in an IED explosion.
He has campaigned ever since on the dangers of youngsters enlisting.
Mr Sharrocks said he had learned a lot making the film.
(Image: PA)
He added: “I think that that the long term effects of military training are hugely overlooked. In short you are conditioned to follow orders without question, be fiercely loyal to your unit and most damaging of all to kill.
“The combined effect leads to a “re wiring” of the fight and fight response to always fight.
“This makes you a good soldier but leaves you in an alien unwelcoming environment when you get out into civi street with zero de conditioning.”
Mr Sharrocks backed calls for an age limit of ‘at least 18' for people wanting to join up.
He said: “You are not legally allowed to drink or even watch some war films because of the possible health or psychological impacts these things cause.
“And at the same time you can be fully conditioned to kill before you are 18. This is completely illogical.
“It is true you don't go to war before you are 18 but the psychological damage is done. You have been changed (possibly irreversibly).
(Image: Getty)
“Looking back to when I joined the army at 17 I can see how immature I was.
“I didn't even consider basic job requirements such as how much I would be paid, were I would be based, ho much leave I would get. All I wanted to do was go to war. I didn't particularly even care what that war was.“
A report released by Medact - a group of health professionals who examine conflict and the armed forces - spelled out the scale of the problem.
Sophie Neuburg, Executive Director of Medact. said: “There is strong evidence that vulnerable adolescents recruited into the armed forces are placed at an increased risk of long-term psychological harm when compared to adult recruits.
“This includes a higher likelihood of PTSD, self-harm, alcohol abuse, injury and death.
“It's time for the UK to fall in step with the vast majority of countries and raise the minimum recruitment age to 18.”
The report said the UK is one only a handful of countries worldwide to still allow recruitment from age 16,
It added those recruited as children, upon turning 18, are more likely than adult recruits to end up in frontline combat roles which carry greater risks than other roles.
It also confirmed child recruits are more vulnerable to PTSD, alcohol abuse, self-harm, suicide, death and injury during an armed forces career when compared to adult recruits.
Soldiers who enlisted at the age of 16 were approximately twice as likely to be killed or injured in Afghanistan when compared to soldiers who enlisted above the age of 18.
And in a section devoted to PTSD, the report revealed that exposure to combat is a risk factor for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and other mental disorders, particularly among younger personnel.
The Sunday People has campaigned for better treatment for people with PTSD through our long-running Save Our Soldiers campaign.
Durham police has substantiated parts of the harassment complaints against both men, according to documents reviewed by the Star, but the exact findings from the internal investigations remain under wraps. Some of the allegations against Lisi were deemed to be embellished and false, according to a memo to a complainant written by one of Durham's deputy chiefs.
Wallington, currently on leave, said he could not comment as the allegations are the focus of a labour grievance that's before arbitration. Lisi said the allegations against him are untrue.
A Star investigation has identified the two senior officials as Rob Wallington, a civilian who managed the Durham police's strategic planning unit, and Insp. Nick Lisi, who runs a division of 150 officers that patrols Pickering and Ajax.
The police force has refused to comment on what a spokesperson called “internal personnel matters.”
Two high-ranking Durham police officials have been accused of harassment for allegedly mocking officers' appearances, ridiculing their personal lives and, in one case, gloating about penis size at staff meetings.
Two Durham officers were arrested in September for their alleged involvement in a drug ring working out of an Ajax bar. Another Durham constable co-owned an unlicensed medical marijuana dispensary that offered illegal products on its website.
Durham police came under fire this fall over its handling of an alleged assault of a Black teenager by an off-duty Toronto cop in Whitby, prompting Durham's chief to announce a new policy to make sure Ontario's police watchdog is called in to investigate serious injuries caused by an officer in his region, regardless of whether the cop was from Durham or off-duty.
The alleged incidents of harassment — and their fallout — are the latest controversy for a police service riven by dysfunction.
“Inappropriate behaviour from any employee will not be tolerated and we are committed to an open, professional and equitable workplace,” spokesman Dave Selby said.
A Durham police spokesperson said the service investigates every allegation of improper conduct in the workplace.
The union has accused the police service of failing to adequately investigate rank-and-file officers' complaints and not taking the necessary steps to protect employees from harassment.
“There is a cultural problem within the Durham Regional Police Service that has resulted in the harassment of association members by senior officers,” Durham police association president Randy Henning, one of the union leaders under investigation, said in a statement to the Star.
The union email said the allegations stem from more than 30 pages it gave to the police service detailing “harassment and wrongdoing” at the hands of a senior officer.
Durham's police chief has now hired a retired deputy chief to probe “respect in the workplace” problems within the service. Meanwhile, the force is investigating two police union executives for allegedly making false statements as part of a union grievance against the force for its handling of harassment complaints, according to a Durham police association email to its members.
In a force-wide email, Durham police Chief Paul Martin said a recent investigation “clearly identified misconduct on the part” of a senior officer.
Martin's email does not name the officer, but three Durham police sources say it is in reference to Wallington.
“I am the guardian of our reputation as a police service. I cannot and will not allow a shadow to remain over it,” Martin said in the Oct. 24 email.
Martin's email said he expects the retired deputy chief's review to be completed later this month. The police chief told his officers that he will give them “a full account” of its findings “while respecting the limits imposed by respect for privacy and law.”
“It is by being open and confident about our values and our conduct that we maintain the trust of our community — especially at times when questions have been raised,” Martin said in his email.
Martin would not be interviewed for this article. In a statement, a Durham police spokesperson said the chief's email was “not a public document.”
The complaints of harassment against Wallington date back to early 2013. Two civilian employees complained that they had been subjected to a campaign of bullying by Wallington, who allegedly would publicly mock his subordinates' sexuality, disabilities and personal lives.
Wallington allegedly made “unfair and inappropriate demands” of staff “to complete tasks while colleagues were forced to watch,” according to an arbitration document related to the grievance the police association filed against the service's handling of the harassment complaints.
A lawyer, hired by Durham police in April 2013 to investigate, substantiated the complaints against Wallington. He received a written warning and was required to participate in an educational program on respect in the workplace.
In an email to its members, the police association said Durham's police services board “failed to implement discipline it had itself determined appropriate.”
“We are unaware of the board having initiated any discipline against the senior officer.”
In a brief interview outside his home, Wallington said he could not talk about the allegations against him.
“There are things that are before an arbitrator so I can't comment on them. I don't think it's appropriate the service does or anyone else,” he said.
In Nick Lisi's case, a formal workplace complaint was filed against him in November 2016.
A female sergeant working under Lisi in the General Occurrence Audit unit accused him of orchestrating a campaign of discrimination and bullying over a seven-month period.
Durham Sgt. Nicole Whiteway alleges Lisi would publicly mock subordinates and any workplace accommodations they had. “He takes pride at making people cry,” she alleges in her complaint.
She alleges Lisi ridiculed her personal life, including her ex-husband's mental health problems, and accused her of taking advantage of the force by seeking an accommodated schedule to care for her infant son, who has a life-threatening health condition.
During one shift, she alleges he berated her and said she “should feel ashamed and because of my accommodation the others in the unit did all the work.
“Lisi was mouth-breathing, angry and aggressive, and I actually feared for my safety.”
The complaint said Lisi also made sexually inappropriate comments in the office, an allegation corroborated by another officer in the unit.
The Star obtained a testimonial by Const. Rick Paul written as part of a personal submission he made to the Workplace Safety and Insurance Board.
In it, Const. Paul alleges Lisi boasted about his penis size at staff meetings, describing himself as “well hung,” and called an officer's gay son a “homosexual prostitute.”
Whiteway and Paul both alleged Lisi would allow certain officers to drink alcohol in his office during work hours.
Paul would not comment on the allegations made in his testimonial, and Whiteway's lawyer said she could not speak to the Star about her allegations for fear of reprisal from the police force.
In a brief telephone interview, Lisi said the allegations against him were untrue.
“The information you have is erroneous and incorrect,” he said. “Why would you report on something that could possibly be erroneous, incorrect and deceitful?”
Lisi, who earned nearly $167,000 last year according to Ontario salary disclosure, has acted as the hearing officer — another word for judge — in disciplinary cases involving Durham officers.
In late September, Durham police stated in an internal memo to Whiteway that a number of her allegations against Lisi were “substantiated” by an external consultant hired to review the complaint.
The memo, signed by Deputy Chief Uday Jaswal and stamped “confidential,” says the veteran officer will be docked 160 hours pay and forced to take behaviour modification training.
Durham police sources say Lisi has refused to accept the punishment. Now, instead of being resolved behind closed doors, the matter is expected to go to a public hearing.
It is unclear which allegations the investigation substantiated, as the specific findings are confidential.
When informing Whiteway of Lisi's punishment, the internal memo said much of her complaint was “inconsistent” and only those portions “that could be corroborated by other sources were given serious consideration.”
The memo said several of her allegations, including sexual comments attributed to Lisi, were embellished, false or vexatious.
Whiteway's lawyer said the criticisms of her credibility is an “inappropriate attempt to discredit” a complaint that's damaging to the police force's reputation.
“I've never seen a guy get 160 hours docked pay but they also say the complainant was lying or being vexatious, particularly when it's corroborated by another sworn officer,” lawyer Peter Brauti said.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Let's be honest, no matter what level of football you play at, the team with the greatest financial backing will likely come out on top.
The riches of Manchester City, Manchester United and Chelsea will top the Premier League this season - and it's no different down in non-league.
Heavily-backed Forest Green Rovers became the latest team to achieve their dream of making it to the Football League when they won the National League play-off final back in May.
But they are not the only ones splashing the cash in order to make it to the big time.
Here, we give the lowdown on the teams spending vast sums to make it to the big time - and rank their chances of making it.
Salford City
(Image: Alex Livesey)
If you weren't aware of what's happening at Salford, you probably don't have a TV licence.
Part-owned by five members of Manchester United's legendary Class of ‘92, Salford are gunning for the Football League and hope to be there in the next three years. Anything other than the National League North title this year will be seen as a failure.
Such is the determination to make it to the professional ranks, Salford effectively overhauled their whole squad this summer, with just one member of last season's play-off reaching side remaining a regular starter.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They have lumped serious money on revamping their Moor Lane ground, in what is slowly becoming an impressive product. Salford are keeping prices for supporters down and in a short space of time, with thanks to their fly-on-the-wall documentary, have developed a sizeable fan base.
Current league and position: National League North (step two of non-league), 2nd.
How likely is it they will make the Football League? It's a matter of when, not if.
Billericay Town
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Billericay were taken over by steel magnate Glenn Tamplin earlier this year and are already spending mega money to help them towards the Football League. The wage bill has been reported to be even bigger than most League Two sides.
Tamplin has appointed himself as manager and former Premier League players Jermaine Pennant, Paul Konchesky and Jamie O'Hara have all pulled on the shirt of the Essex club.
He's also renovated the ground, renamed the AGP Arena, which includes a bizarre mural on a stand, featuring Tamplin lying in bed alongside his wife. Yes, really.
(Image: Sunday Mirror)
Billericay have found themselves in the news previously due to Tamplin's social media activity, but the multi-millionaire's charitable efforts, including helping fund life changing treatment for a young local lad, have earned some positive press.
Current league and position: Bostik League Premier Division (step three), 1st.
How likely is it they will make the Football League? If Tamplin is indeed in it for the long haul, there is every chance.
AFC Fylde
When David Haythornthwaite took over Kirkham and Wesham FC, they were a West Cheshire League team who barely got a man and his dog watching them.
A rebranding, a swanky new stadium and five promotions later, they are now on the cusp of the Football League.
Fylde have had tremendous backing from their ambitious chairman, but have also created a product that has to be admired. The stadium, which includes plush corporate facilities and a spacious sports bar for fans, deserves to host higher-level football.
(Image: Getty Images)
They're currently in their first league in the National League and once they've found their feet, expect them to knock on the door of League Two.
Current league and position: National League (step one), 19th.
How likely is it they will make the Football League? They'll continue to get stronger so expect them to make it eventually.
South Shields
(Image: PA)
It has been just over two years since local businessman George Thompson purchased South Shields and in that time, the club has gone from playing in front of an average of 60 fans in the Northern League to over 2,000 in the Evo-Stik Division One North.
What's more, over 13,000 fans travelled from South Tyneside in May watch Shields lift the FA Vase at Wembley, shortly after they secured their second promotion in as many years.
The Mariners are spending huge sums on their playing squad and it would be foolish to bet against them rising up the pyramid yet again at the end of this season. Julio Arca, formerly of Sunderland and Middlesbrough, is turning out in the centre of midfield.
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
The stadium remains on the smaller side, but it has been tidied up to make it a quaint little non-league venue. But with the fan base in place, Shields have won half of the battle in their rise.
Current league and position : Evo-Stik Division One North (step four), 1st.
How likely is it they will make the Football League? A long, long way to go yet.
Ebbsfleet United
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
You've heard of Middle Eastern investment in the Premier League - but it has happened in non-league too.
Dr Abdulla Al-Hamaida is the Kuwaiti owner of National League side Ebbsfleet and can largely be credited for saving the club from death back in 2013.
Many thought that he would get bored and leave the club before now, but he appears passionate as ever, even being left on the brink of tears after flying in to watch Ebbsfleet come from a goal back to win the National League South play-off final against Chelmsford City last year.
Dr Al-Hamaida paid for the new £5million main stand out of his own pocket and further developments are planned. A club to certainly keep an eye on.
Current league and position: National League (step one), 11th.
How likely is it they will make the Football League? National League appears their level for now, but they have the backing to make a promotion push.
Most everyone knows what acupuncture is, but do you actually know how it affects you? The age-old practice has been around for at least two thousand years (and some people believe it is much older than that), and despite any skepticism about its efficacy, the benefits of acupuncture for various health conditions and pain are backed by a large body of scientific research. If you were ever curious as to how and why acupuncture works to combat many chronic health issues, it's because acupuncture can literally change your brain, from its chemistry, to your neurotransmitters, and your response to pain.
"Acupuncture is part of Traditional Chinese Medicine [TCM], which is a whole system approach to health," Dr. Elizabeth Trattner tells Bustle. "Unlike western medicine, Chinese medicine and acupuncture takes into account a patient's whole being, and we address the entire body — including the physical, emotional and spiritual wellbeing."
Dr. Shari Auth, DACM, LAC, LMT, and acupuncturist at the NYC wellness center Modrn Sanctuary, explains, "One of things that so amazing about acupuncture is its numerous use cases. In addition to being a great alternative to prescription pain medication, it is also good for mental health. In today's busy world, people are turning to acupuncture for relief from stress and anxiety."
And where do all those benefits start out? In your brain, of course. Here are seven ways that acupuncture can change your brain for the better, according to science.
1 It Helps Your Brain Release This Molecule Giphy A 2013 study determined that acupuncture can cause your brain to release neuropeptides — molecules that allows neurons and effector cells to communicate — into the central nervous system. In turn, this can help relieve pain and stimulate your body's self-healing process.
2 Specifically, It Helps Release Your Brain's Natural Pain Killers Giphy When you think of pain relievers, over-the-counter and prescribed medication is probably the first thing that come to mind. However, our brains naturally produce chemicals, such as endorphins, that can help manage pain, and, acupuncture can actually help your brain produce more of these important chemicals. "Probably the most popular use today for acupuncture is pain. The American College of Physicians (ACP) recommends acupuncture as the first line of defense patients suffering from low back pain," Dr. Auth says.
3 It Can Improve Blood Flow Throughout Your Body Giphy Another cool effect of acupuncture happens throughout your body. Dr. Trattner says, "Acupuncture constricts blood vessels, and releases vasodilators," which causes your blood vessels to relax, and in turn, helps reduce both cerebral blood pressure and high blood pressure in your body.
4 It Can Help Anxiety Giphy According to a 2013 study published in the journal Evidence-based Complementary and Alternative Medicine, "Acupuncture has clinical efficacy on various autonomic nerve-related disorders, such as cardiovascular diseases, epilepsy, anxiety and nervousness, circadian rhythm disorders, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and subfertility." Moreover, the researchers of the study concluded that acupuncture can alter neurotransmitters in areas of your brain to stop your autonomic response — which would alleviate symptoms of these nerve-related disorders.
5 Acupuncture Can Boost Your Mood Giphy Not only does acupuncture change the way your brain responds to pain, but it can have a positive impact on your mental wellness. "Neuotransmitters [your brain's way of communicating], serotonin, and noradrenalin are all affected by acupuncture, which affect mood," says Dr. Trattner. Dr. Auth further explains that acupuncture is being used all over the world as a standalone and conjunctive treatment option for depression. She says, "Acupuncture has shown to enhance the effect of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor treatment, helping the treatment work faster to increase serotonin levels, and restore the immune system."
6 Acupuncture Can Sooth Your Brain's Response To Stress Giphy If you're constantly stressed, you may want to give acupuncture a shot, according to Dr. Auth. "Your nervous system is divided between the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous system. Our sympathetic nervous system is known for 'fight or flight;' when the sympathetic nervous system is on, our blood pressure goes up, as does the body's stress hormone, cortisol," she says. "Acupuncture can encourage the body to let the parasympathetic nervous system take over — allowing the heart rate to slow down, and blood pressure and cortisol levels to drop."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLIFFORD TOWNSHIP -- A fire that destroyed a former church in Susquehanna County is being called suspicious.
The place on Lyon Street near Union Dale started burning after 1 a.m. on Tuesday.
Fire officials say the church has been vacant for many years and there was no power going to it.
A state police fire marshal is due later to look for what sparked those flames in Susquehanna County.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
FOREST CITY — It was an impressive effort, and one Forest City desperately needed.
Stunned last week at Montrose, the Lady Foresters needed a victory to keep their title hopes alive.
The defending Lackawanna League Division IV champs played their hearts out and outhustled Elk Lake, 52-38, on Tuesday night, setting up a showdown tonight with visiting Susquehanna, the first-half champs. The winner advances to a second-half title tilt with Montrose later this week.
“We're fighting for that championship is what happened,” said senior point guard MacKenzie Hartman, who scored 18, dished seven assists and had nine rebounds. “We were not letting Elk Lake beat us.
“It just shows us how we can really play. This is how we truly are as a team. Hustling every day, knocking down shots, making plays when we are supposed to, playing our hearts out.”
For a team with a habit of being dominated on the boards, Forest City turned it around in the second half.
Elk Lake (11-10, 1-4), which got 12 points from Justine Johns, had a plus-14 margin on the glass in the first half, which ended with the Lady Warriors trailing, 21-19.
The Lady Foresters (12-10 overall, 4-1 league) reversed that in the final 16 minutes, with Kendra Bendyk playing a big role in the turnaround. She had nine of her 14 rebounds in the second half, when she also scored 14 of her 18.
“My focus today was trying to get rebounds earlier in the game,” Bendyk said. “The second half, I knew I needed to help out in another way too, and do anything I can.”
That started with her knocking down a 3-pointer just three seconds into the second half. She added spark with two more 3s in the quarter.
“I think it was a tremendous lift for us,” Bendyk said. “(Duffy) looks to me and he knows I can knock that down. Him having that confidence in me gives me that confidence.
“I always think that my offense feeds my defense. I come back and I do something better. I come back and get that adrenalin rush and momentum.”
It carried over at both ends, and at one point, Forest City had six shots in a single possession. It didn't score, but it set a tone.
“I told them you've got to toughen up,” Forest City coach John Duffy said. “You want to be the champs, you have to go out and do it yourselves. And I thought they did.
“I got mad at them when we lost to Montrose. You're the defending champs and you let people come in and steal your lunch money. Well, nobody was stealing our lunch money today.”
Bendyk and Hartman combined for 10 offensive caroms and Skylar Fortuner and Haley Gillespie came through with five offensive rebounds in the fourth, with Fortuner contributing seven of her eight points in the second half.
“Skylar played tough with four fouls,” Duffy said. “Haley did a great job on the boards. It sounds corny, but it's next man up. I challenged them yesterday that they need to come out and send these seniors out with a win.”
Gillespie and Laura Statkun each came through as starter Maggie Kowalewski is out after being injured in a snowmobile accident.
“We just play harder every day,” Hartman said. “Laura was able to step in and help us out handling the ball, playing pressure defense, just like Maggie usually does.
“Haley is a tough one under the basket. She gets a lot of rebounds, especially offensive rebounds, which is not usually our strong suit. We put her in there and she did her job tonight.”
So did the rest of the team, keeping its title hopes alive for at least one more game.
“We did whatever we needed to do to win, and that's how we plan on playing (tonight),” Hartman said.
Contact the writer:
mmyers@timesshamrock.com @mmyersTT on Twitter
Elk Lake (11-10, 1-4) — J. Johns 3 6-6 12, W. Tyler 3 2-4 8, A. Johns 3 2-6 8, K. Jones 3 1-2 7, E. Bosscher 1 1-2 3, R. Warner 0 0-0 0, A. Rockefeller 0 0-0 0, B. Yonkin 0 0-0 0, M. Tewksbury 0 0-1 0. Totals: 13-60 12-21 38.
Forest City (12-10, 4-1) — K. Bendyk 6 1-4 18, M. Hartman 3 11-16 18, S. Fortuner 2 4-6 8, L. Statkun 1 2-2 4, C. Bonham 1 0-0 2, H. Gillespie 1 0-0 2, E. Urban 0 0-0 0, M. Bailer 0 0-0 0. Totals: 14-51 18-28 52.
Elk Lake 9 10 10 9 — 38
Forest City 14 7 15 16 — 52
3-point shooting: EL 0-8 (Bosscher 0-1, Tewksbury 0-1, J. Johns 0-2, Jones 0-4), FC 6-15 (Bendyk 5-10, Hartman 1-2, Bonham 0-1, Statkun 0-2). Rebounds: EL 52 (Tyler 11, A. Johns 11), FC 48 (Bendyk 14). Assists: EL 4 (J. Johns 3), FC 9 (Hartman 7). Steals: EL 13 (J. Johns 4, Bosscher 4), FC 9 (Bendyk 3, Hartman 3). Turnovers: EL 17, FC 20. Blocks: EL 3 (Tyler 2), FC 2 (Hartman, Gillespie). Fouled out: Bosscher. JV: Forest City, 34-24 (FC: Statkun, 11; EL: Zajackowski 9).
Former Brampton mayor Susan Fennell repeatedly denied allegations she conspired against a local developer and had him disqualified from a controversial downtown project that is now at the centre of a massive lawsuit against the city. Fennell took the stand last week for two days in Ontario Superior Court in Orangeville to answer allegations against her and the city in a $28.5-million lawsuit brought by local developer John Cutruzzola.
Former Brampton mayor Susan Fennell in council during a 2014 meeting. ( Dave Cooper / Toronto Star file photo )
Fennell vehemently denied any wrongdoing or personal bias toward Cutruzzola or his company, Inzola Group Inc. “The only discussions I would ever have is: ‘is (the recommendation) coming soon?' ” she told court. “I had zero, no part at all in the steering committee.” Inzola is suing the city for damages, alleging the city unfairly disqualified the firm from bidding on the $500-million City Hall West Tower expansion and Southwest Quadrant renewal project in 2010.
Article Continued Below
The suit alleges the former mayor and some senior city staff members at the time, including former CAO Deborah Dubenofsky, were biased and conspired against Inzola while favouring eventual project winner Dominus Construction. The now seven-year-long lawsuit also alleges Fennell, Dubenofsky and others worked behind the scenes in Dominus's favour. While on the stand, Fennell denied any bias or involvement in the 2009 “competitive dialogue” request for proposals (RFP) process, which was supposed be conducted entirely independent of council's involvement. The downtown redevelopment deal has been the focus of controversy in Brampton since 2011, after the city used a procurement process that had never been used in Canada. The “competitive dialogue” process involved a higher level of non-disclosure, even to members of council, than typical procurements, in exchange for assurances from bidders that they were submitting their actual costs and would bear the risk of any overruns. Inzola is claiming Fennell was swayed by large donations to the mayor's golf tournament and gala by agents of the Dominus bid.
Under questioning from city lawyers, Fennell claimed she didn't know or had never met with anyone involved in the Dominus bid before the company was awarded the project in August 2010. However, the Dominus bid team included Fernbrook Homes, owned by the Cortellucci family, who were major contributors to the mayor's gala and golf tournament for years.
Article Continued Below
“To this day, I still don't know why Fernbrook is mentioned as part of this project,” Fennell told court, while repeating several times she did not know and had never met with Nick or Mario Cortellucci in any personal or professional capacity. Inzola's lawyers produced emails between Fennell, Nick Cortellucci and other employees of Fernbrook Homes, as well as Four Valleys Excavating & Grading — another Cortellucci enterprise. Inzola also produced a record of Fennell's office calendar showing a scheduled meeting with Mario Cortellucci in July 2007 “in the mayor's boardroom.” Yet another email showed her soliciting Nick Cortellucci for a $12,000 donation for the mayor's gala. In the face of Inzola's evidence, Fennell maintained she had no recollection of any meetings or dealings with either of the Cortellucci brothers, or anyone else involved in the Dominus bid during or before the request for proposals for the city hall expansion. Fennell also distanced herself from direct involvement in the mayor's golf tournament and gala, claiming she had nothing to do with them beyond lending the mayor's name and serving as a “booster.” Ultimately, Fennell denied any political corruption involving Inzola, Dominus or Fernbrook, calling the allegations “completely false.” “It's devastating to have words written about you that are false,” Fennell told court. “It calls into question my integrity.” Inzola further claims Fennell, as well as some councillors and senior staff amenable to her political agenda, violated the rules of the controversial “competitive dialogue” RFP process to favour Dominus. Inzola claims emails entered into evidence between the mayor and some senior staff and councillors, where Fennell refers to her “A-team” or “our team” while discussing the RFP, are proof of a faction led by the mayor who didn't want Inzola to come out on top. In response, Fennell testified the “A-Team” was a common term she used and in this case referred to everyone interested in the project. Witness testimony wrapped up in Orangeville court on Thursday. Closing arguments are scheduled for September. None of the allegations has been proven in court. With files from Star wires
Read more about:
Whether you love it or hate it, there's no denying the peculiar staying power of the “deconstructed” food trend — although if the reaction to a recent incarnation of it is any indication, the tide may be turning: A California restaurant is apparently serving a “deconstructed avocado toast bowl” and people are not here for it. Accordingly, it is being roundly mocked across Twitter — because… well… it's not just that it's pretentious-sounding. It's that, as the menu item is described, it's… well, maybe I'd better just let you read it. Officially, it consists of “avocado and cherry tomatoes tossed in honey lime vinaigrette with seven grain croutons over a bed of Farro, crisp apple, and kale” and served with a hard-boiled egg.
Everyone — and I mean everyone — has had the exact same reaction to it:
That is a salad. You just described a salad.
This gustatory monstrosity came to the internet's attention courtesy of Kara Swisher, co-founder and executive editor of tech news site Recode. On Sunday, Swisher tweeted an image from a restaurant — probably a salad chain, from the looks of it — advertising a menu item the location is currently testing out: The aforementioned “deconstructed avocado toast bowl.” It's not clear exactly which restaurant the image is from; it is, however, apparently located in the Venice Beach area of Los Angeles, as evinced by the geotag accompanying the tweet. The fact that the “deconstructed avocado toast” is from California is probably the least surprising thing about this whole story — as Swisher put it:
I mean... yeah.
To be fair, “deconstructed” food isn't exactly new; it dates back to the early ‘90s, according to food and wide trade publication Foods & Wine From Spain. Spanish chef Ferran Adrià, who took over the kitchen of the restaurant El Bulli in 1987, is typically credited with the creation of deconstructivist fare; he described it as “Taking a dish that is well known and transforming all its ingredients, or part of them; then modifying the dish's texture, form, and/or its temperature,” reported the Guardian in the mid-2000s. “Deconstructed, such a dish will preserve its essence… but its appearance will be radically different from the original's.” According to Foods & Wine From Spain, the point of this particular gastronomical form is, “first and foremost, originality”; the idea is to “reconstruct” the dish “through the tasting memory of the person who eats it,” no matter how different it may be from its original form.
Personally, I can appreciate deconstructed food as art — but in terms of its place in my everyday life, I find it unnecessary. This is largely because deconstruction often eliminates what makes the original food item useful or convenient to me in the first place. The beauty of a sandwich, for example, is that it's portable: I can eat it on the run if I'm pressed for time and still get a full, delicious, and relatively nutritionally sound meal out of it. A “deconstructed” sandwich, however? Well, let's just say it's a lot harder to carry around a plate of carefully arrange meats, cheese, veggies, sauces, and bread pieces with you in the hopes that you'll have a moment to grab a bite or two before your next meeting.
As such, I can see why folks are responding with such ridicule not only to the idea of deconstructed avocado toast in general, but specifically to this version of deconstructed avocado toast: The image Swisher tweeted looks as if it belongs to one of the many, many fast-casual salad chains that currently exist in the United States — which does not, uh, seem like an appropriate venue for deconstructed food. What's more, as most people have pointed out, I'm not even really sure that this menu item actually is deconstructivist in nature: It's not quite the flavor profile of “avocado toast” offered up in a new and unusual way; it's… a salad. With croutons. If the point of deconstructivist food is originality… well, that is about the least original presentation I can think of.
Twitter feels much the same — and it's actually there where we may find the silver lining of this story: The Twitter reactions to this “deconstructed avocado toast bowl” are amazing. Here — bask in a small sample of them:
1 Just Call It What It Is A spade is a spade. A salad is a salad. None of this "deconstructed" nonsense is required.
2 Turning Red I am currently experiencing second-hand embarrassment for the entire state of California. And I say this as someone with deep, deep ties to it.
3 Sheer Confusion A GIF is worth a thousand words.
4 Truth I mean... that's fair. Related:
5 Ignorance Is Bliss Whomp, whomp.
6 Peak Bowls Or peak... something. Peak California? Peak millennial? Speaking of:
7 About That Whole "Avocado Toast Is Why You Can't Afford A House" Thing... Many people took it upon themselves to make jokes about this almost-year-old gem — and honestly, I do not blame them in the slightest. Here's another:
8 DIY Goes Too Far I am sure there are some millennials who do have the skills required to build a house... but for many of us, it's a disaster waiting to happen. JUST LIKE DECONSTRUCTED AVOCADO TOAST. And, of course, there's this:
9 How We Spend Our Hard-Earned Cash Who needs houses when you've got avocados?
10 "Deconstructed Dinner" TRUE.
11 A Practical Application? Actually, I can see how that might work; however, methinks this child might still have trouble with a "deconstructed avocado toast bowl": ALL OF THE THINGS ARE TOUCHING.
Re: Taxpayers federation protests giant rubber duck, calls it a “waste of taxpayer money,” June 13
Taxpayers federation protests giant rubber duck, calls it a “waste of taxpayer money,” June 13
Throughout history, the world's most successful companies and countries have been successful because they understood the importance of investing in marketing. People who don't should not pretend to be authorities on the subject.
Christine Van Geyn, the Ontario director for the Canadian Taxpayers Federation, appears to be one of these know-it-all people who freak out at the first sign of any creativity in spending. She chooses conveniently to ignore the evidence cited in your article that the province's investment in the duck will pay off in benefits to local businesses at a rate of $20 for every dollar spent.
For someone who heads a taxpayers' federation, Van Geyn should be able to understand basic mathematics. If any of the retailers in any of the four towns involved are members of her organization, they should seriously reconsider their membership fee.
Bone to Bone
He claims two sides frame every story.
I count three, sometimes more,
believing in multiplicity,
threats concealed
but never
buried. A dust devil twists across the path.
What ascends, what dies?
Heat, ashes. A shadow's flesh.
The earth, restraining all.
“Bone to Bone” first appeared here in June 2016.
Christmas has come early for gamers who grew up in the 80s and 90s after Capcom announced it is to release a brand new Mega Man next year.
The new mainline game, Mega Man 11, comes as Capcom celebrates the iconic platform shooter's 30th anniversary.
A first look at Mega Man 11
The legendary series has enjoyed a resurgence in recent years with the release of the hugely popular Mega Man Legacy compilations.
And that has clearly given developers the incentive to go one better next year with an all-new title for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
Capcom say Mega Man 11 will be the next evolution in the long-running 32 million unit-selling action platformer series.
The new game will feature the tight side-scrolling action gameplay the series is known for while completely revolutionising the experience for modern consoles.
xpected to be released in late 2018, Mega Man 11 will be a leap forward visually with a 2.5D design direction introducing ‘beautiful, completely hand-drawn characters and environments' - I'm thinking Cuphead (XOne). Damien Lucas, gaming columnist
Developers have promised it will retain its signature challenge while offering a variety of difficulty options.
Expected to be released in late 2018, Mega Man 11 will be a leap forward visually with a 2.5D design direction introducing ‘beautiful, completely hand-drawn characters and environments' - I'm thinking Cuphead (XOne).
The premise sees afreshly redesigned Mega Man takes on Dr. Wily's berserk machines, defeating Robot Master bosses and taking their weapons, in an ever-evolving fight for justice with new and unique enemy designs.
Capcom teased only a small taste of information of what's to come in Mega Man 11 alongside the start of the series' 30th anniversary year, and fans can look forward to more details on the game in Summer 2018.
A first look at Mega Man 11
A trailer has also been released which shows the first gameplay footage of Mega Man 11 plus screenshots, concept art and a first look at a mysterious new Robot Master.
There's a reason Mega Man has endured for 30 years and I for one cannot wait for this.
A first look at Mega Man 11
A first look at Mega Man 11
WEST Berkshire Council has submitted a planning application for a new primary school at Sandleford Park in south Newbury, which includes an access road on to the A339.
The proposed development is for a school – to be called Highwood Primary – on the land adjacent to Newbury College and associated works, including car parking and soft and hard play areas.
A 26-place nursery is also required as part of the project.
The council says the new single-storey building will provide up to 210 pupil places to support the need within south Newbury.
It is intended for the new school to open in September 2018, starting with an intake of 30 foundation pupils and increasing by 30 pupils year-on-year until the school reaches full capacity.
In addition, there are expected to be up to 23 full-time members of staff.
The council says the design for Highwood Primary School has been undertaken with an educational focus to give pupils of the school the best possible outcomes.
The development requires the construction of a new vehicular and pedestrian route to connect the school site to the local road network.
The planning application includes a new junction with the A339 (although not all funding has been secured yet) and a link road across open grassland to connect either side of the school access loop.
This link road is intended to serve the proposed Sandleford Park housing site, as well as provide access to the school.
Initially, the school will be accessed via a temporary road which links through the main Newbury College site and accesses the A339 via Monks Lane.
The drop-off loop allows for bus access as well as larger vehicles for deliveries and refuse collection which can access a service area.
There is separate dedicated on-site parking for staff totalling 23 spaces, and two disabled bays located with direct access to the main entrance.
Vehicular traffic is clearly separated from pedestrians and the paved areas for pedestrians directly connect with the school main entrance and side playground access gates.
In its application, West Berkshire Council says: “We believe the school will complement its immediate environment by providing a quality teaching environment for the benefit of its pupils and staff, and will also act as a community hub for the neighbourhood.”
The new road access has been designed by Archibald Shaw Engineers.
Costa: Chelsea have treated me like a criminal
Diego Costa believes Chelsea's treatment of him is unjust and he is willing to stay in exile in Brazil without a move to Atletico Madrid.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 04:34 IST
Chelsea striker Diego Costa.
Exiled Chelsea star Diego Costa has given a withering assessment of head coach Antonio Conte and accused the Premier League champions of treating him as if he were a "criminal".
Costa was Chelsea's top scorer with 20 goals as they secured a second league title in three years last season but Conte has since informed the Spain international he does not feature in his first-team plans.
The manner of this rejection provides a major flash point in the current stand-off, with Costa claiming Conte dumped him via text message when he was away on international duty in June.
Chelsea maintains the 28-year-old forward has been aware of their plans since January, around the time he was heavily linked with a move to Tianjin Quanjian in the Chinese Super League.
The upshot is Costa going AWOL, back to his hometown of Lagarto in Brazil, where UK newspaper the Daily Mail tracked him down at his family home while watching the Blues' shock 3-2 defeat to Burnley.
A return to former club Atletico Madrid remains the desired option for Costa, who is presently racking up fines as he refuses to return to Chelsea and train with the reserves.
"I wouldn't be allowed access to the first-team dressing room and I would have no contact at all with the guys," he explained. "I'm not a criminal! I don't think it is fair after all I have done to be treated like that.
"They gave me a week extra off [at the start of pre-season training] but since then it's fines all the way.
"They want me training with the reserves. I am not going to do that. I am not a criminal and I am not in the wrong here. So, if they need to fine me, let them fine me."
A post shared by Diego Costa (@diego.costa) on May 21, 2017 at 3:17pm PDT
Atletico's player registration ban would prevent Costa from playing for them until January but the forward is willing to remain out of action for as long as it takes his Chelsea ordeal to play out.
"I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing, even if Chelsea fine me for a year and don't pay me," he said.
"I'll come back stronger. If I was in the wrong, I'd go back now and do as they say.
"My desire is to go to Atletico. I've spoken to Chelsea director Marina Granovskaia. I said, 'If the manager doesn't want me, I want to go to Atletico Madrid'.
"I have rejected other offers. They want to sell me to China or other teams. If I'm off, I'm going to the club I want to go to - not the club that's paying the most."
Costa claimed to have been on the verge of signing a new contract at Stamford Bridge but accused Conte of "putting the brakes on" and sees no prospect of reconciliation with the Italian, who brought in club-record signing Alvaro Morata as his replacement.
"His ideas are very fixed and clear," Costa said of Conte. "I have seen the sort of person he is. He has his own opinion and that will not change.
"I respect him as a great coach. He has done a good job and I can see that, but as a person, no. He is not a coach who is very close with his players. He is very distant. He doesn't possess charisma."
As for the infamous text message, that is set to remain on Costa's phone for posterity.
"There are ways of going about it. You don't do it by text message. You should be honest and direct to someone's face," he added.
"I was angry at the time. Now I am more calm. I have not deleted the message. If people accuse me of lying, I can show them."
Raspberry jam is the customary filling but that doesn't mean you can't use other jams and spreads. The same goes for the shape: feel free to use any cookie cutter to make these your own tradition.
Empire cookies are a U.K. staple and we're a fan of this iteration from the 2015 cookie calendar that has a subtle honey and cinnamon flavour.
2 1/2 cups (625 mL) all-purpose flour
2 tsp (10 mL) ground cinnamon
1 tsp (5 mL) baking powder
1/2 tsp (2 mL) baking soda
1/4 tsp (1 mL) kosher salt
1/2 cup (125 mL) raspberry jam
1 cup (250 mL) icing sugar
1 tbsp (15 mL) hot water
15 candied cherries, halved
In a stand mixer with paddle attachment or a large bowl with an electric mixer, cream butter and sugar on medium-high speed until fluffy. Add honey, egg and 2 tsp (10 mL) of vanilla, scraping downsides of bowl with a rubber spatula.
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add to butter mixture. Beat on medium speed until dough comes together.
Form dough into a loose ball and divide into four pieces. On a clean work surface between two large sheets of parchment paper, roll one piece of dough into a flat sheet about 1/4-inch (0.6-cm) thick. Repeat with remaining dough. Stack rolled sheets on top of each other and refrigerate for at least an hour or until dough is firm.
Preheat oven to 375F (180C) and prepare two large baking sheets lined with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.
Remove dough from fridge and cut out shapes with a round cookie cutter or shape of your choice. Transfer shapes to lined baking sheets and place about 1-inch apart from each other. In batches, bake for 15 minutes or until edges are slightly golden. Let cookies rest for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely before adding jam and icing.
Spread jam on half of cookies and sandwich with remaining cookies.
To make icing, whisk icing sugar, remaining 1/4 tsp (1 mL) vanilla and hot water until smooth and yields a consistency slightly thinner than syrup. If mixture is too thick, add a bit more water, 1/4 tsp (1 mL) at a time. If mixture is too watery, add 1 tbsp (15 mL) more powdered sugar at a time.
Brush tops of sandwiched cookies with icing and top with candied cherry.
Let icing set, about 3 hours, before storing cookies stacked between layers of wax paper in an airtight container for up to 5 days. If freezing, place cookies in a resealable plastic bag for up to a month. Return cookies to room temperature before adding jam, icing and cherries.
Makes about 30 sandwich cookies, depending on size of shapes.
karonliu@thestar.ca
Ty Dellandrea, Ryan Moore and Max Kislinger scored for the Firebirds (3-2-0).
Jeremy Helvig kicked out 33 shots for Kingston. Luke Cavallin made 30 saves for Flint.
---
67'S 4 PETES 3 (SO)
OTTAWA — Sasha Chmelevski scored twice in regulation and again in the shootout as the 67's topped Peterborough.
Austen Keating also found the back of the net for Ottawa (3-3-1). Olivier Tremblay turned away 19 shots.
Zach Gallant, Semyon Der-Arguchintsev and Nikita Korostelev had goals for the Petes (3-2-1). Dylan Wells made 38 saves in defeat.
---
SPITFIRES 2 STORM 1
GUELPH, Ont. — Aaron Luchuk had the game-winning goal for Windsor in the second period and Michael DiPietro turned aside 45 shots as the Spitfires edged the Storm.
Daniel D'Amico also scored for Windsor (4-1-1).
Ryan Merkley scored for Guelph (2-2-1) and Anthony Popovich stopped 26 shots.
---
STING 4 COLTS 1
SARNIA, Ont. — Adam Ruzicka struck twice and Justin Fazio stopped 31 shots as the Sting defeated Barrie.
Jordan Ernst supplied the game-winning goal for Sarnia (5-1-0) in the second period and Theo Calvas had the other.
Zachary Magwood scored for the Colts (4-2-1) and Leo Lazarev made 27 saves.
---
RANGERS 5 OTTERS 3
KITCHENER, Ont. — Giovanni Vallati had a power-play goal in the second period that gave the Rangers a 4-0 lead and they held on for a win over Erie.
Jake Henderson, Riley Damiani, Adam Mascherin and Joseph Garreffa rounded out the attack for Kitchener (4-1-1).
Patrick Fellows, Kyle Maksimovich and Joseph Mack scored for the Otters (1-4-1).
Anthony Dumont-Bouchard turned away 30 shots for the Rangers. Anand Oberoi combined with Troy Timpano for 23 saves for Erie.
---
ICEDOGS 5 GENERALS 4 (OT)
OSHAWA, Ont. — Matthew Philip scored the overtime winner as Niagara edged the Generals.
Ben Jones scored twice in regulation for the IceDogs (4-2-0), who also got goals from Danial Singer and Ian Martin.
Kenny Huether, Allan McShane, Domenico Commisso and Kyle MacLean chipped in for Oshawa (3-2-1).
Stephen Dhillon turned away 22 shots for Niagara. Logan Gauthier made 29 saves for the Generals.
---
GREYHOUNDS 4 KNIGHTS 1
LONDON, Ont. — Boris Katchouk had a pair of goals to lift Sault Ste. Marie over the Knights.
Jack Kopacka and Hayden Verbeek supplied the rest of the offence for the Greyhounds (5-1-1).
Josh Nelson scored the lone goal for London (1-5-0).
By The Canadian Press
Harrison Ford, shown here in a Jan. 10, 2016, file photo, collects vintage planes and has a long and good record as an aviator. But he has had several close calls. ( Jordan Strauss / The Associated Press file photo )
SANTA ANA, CALIF.—Actor Harrison Ford had a potentially serious run-in with an airliner at a Southern California airport, NBC-TV reported. Ford, 74, was told to land his single-engine plane on a runway at John Wayne Airport in Orange County on Monday, but he mistakenly landed it on a parallel taxiway, passing over an American Airlines jet holding nearby, NBC reported. “Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?” Ford is heard asking air traffic controllers in a recording, NBC reported Tuesday. American Airlines Flight 1456, with 110 passengers and six crew, departed safely for Dallas a few minutes later. Ford's publicist, Ina Treciokas, declined to comment Tuesday afternoon.
Article Continued Below
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor couldn't confirm that Ford was piloting the Aviat Husky that overflew the Boeing 737, but he said the pilot received and had read back the proper landing instructions. He didn't indicate how high the plane was when it flew over the jetliner. The FAA is investigating, Gregor said.
Ford collects vintage planes and has a long and good record as an aviator. But he has had several close calls. In March 2015, Ford was seriously injured when his Second World War-era trainer crashed on a Los Angeles golf course when it lost power shortly after takeoff. In 1999, Ford crash-landed his helicopter during a training flight in which he and an instructor were practicing auto rotations in Ventura County, northwest of Los Angeles. Ford and the instructor were unhurt. Ford was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza in 2000 when wind shear forced him to make an emergency landing at Lincoln Municipal Airport in Nebraska. Ford and his passenger were uninjured when the plane clipped the runway, but its wing tips were damaged, officials said.
'Personal Grievance' Prompts Oregon Man To Tell Airports Relatives Are Terrorists
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gareth Fuller/PA Images via Getty Images Gareth Fuller/PA Images via Getty Images
Tensions can run high around family weddings, but an Oregon man took his resentment to new heights when he made two phone calls to airports falsely claiming his father and brother were terrorists, according his own admission in a plea deal.
Sonny Donnie Smith's calls resulted in the temporary detainment and questioning of his father and brother and a missed flight. The reason? Smith was told he was not welcome at the family wedding the Smiths were traveling to, according to the plea agreement filed on Thursday.
The 38-year-old from Clackamas, Ore., made the calls on Sept. 3, 2016, to McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas and Midland International Air and Spaceport in Midland, Texas.
Smith waived indictment by a federal grand jury to plead guilty to the charge of anonymous telecommunications harassment.
The calls prompted the FBI to get involved before investigators realized it was nothing more than a hoax.
"Today's technology makes some believe they can anonymously create chaos to resolve personal grievances," said Renn Cannon, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oregon, in a statement. He added that the phony calls forced the bureau to expend limited resources "potentially delaying response to other serious incidents and real victims."
Billy J. Williams, Oregon's U.S. attorney, said in a statement, "False reports intended to harass others waste law enforcement time and resources and will be prosecuted accordingly."
Smith is facing a maximum prison term of two years, a $250,000 fine and a year of supervised release. He is awaiting sentencing on May 10.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
We're now going to hear from another scientist who used to work for the federal government. Tracey Woodruff spent 13 years at the Environmental Protection Agency. She was a senior scientist and policy adviser starting in the Clinton administration, and she stayed through the George W. Bush administration. The focus of most of her research was air pollution. Dr. Woodruff, welcome to the program.
TRACEY WOODRUFF: Thank you.
SIEGEL: Earlier this week, the Trump transition team barred the EPA from communicating with the public - no blog posts, no social media postings, no press releases. That's been described as a temporary freeze, and it applies to scientific research papers, too.
You went through a transition from a Democratic administration to a Republican one. Is what you're hearing familiar, as par for the course or something unusual and different?
WOODRUFF: Well, I would say that actually during the transition between Clinton and Bush, there wasn't a general announcement that people should not put out scientific information, but we did actually experience some questioning about some work that we were doing related to children's health and the environment. And we actually got a lot of pushbacks from the White House about some information that we had been trying to publish.
So I don't think it's unusual that the administration might take a look and see what the scientists are doing at EPA, but I think the experience makes some of the scientists worried at EPA that they might see a return to that.
SIEGEL: I mean I think there's a difference between science and policy that's in some way related the science. I mean if you were asked to do a particular project, were you to say, no, that's a minefield; I don't want to do that; I know it's going to happen to it?
WOODRUFF: Yeah, that's a really good point because we have science, which is the pursuit of information, whereas public policy is really about taking the science we have at hand and then using it with the other factors that are important for making a decision. How do people feel about the decision? What are the costs and benefit? Who's going to be impacted? The policymaker should factor in those other factors in addition to the science when they make a decision.
But I think sometimes what ends up happening is science becomes a crutch in making decisions in terms of, well, we're going to wait until we have the absolute definitive proof from the science before we make a decision. The challenge with that for an agency like EPA is that, for example, in air pollution, people will be continued to be exposed to air pollution while we're waiting for more and more science to come in.
SIEGEL: As a former EPA scientist, are you pretty confident in the future of research at EPA, or are you concerned about its future?
WOODRUFF: I'm concerned. I think the statements about climate change being a hoax are concerning. Scientists around the world agree that climate change is important and that human activity is contributing to climate change. I know scientists who have been retiring or are thinking about retiring because they're worried about what's going to happen with their science or what's going to happen to them if they speak up about their science in the new administration.
SIEGEL: Given that you did research on air pollution - and I know your special interest. You're now at the University California, San Francisco OB-GYN department. You're interested in effects - environmental effects on prenatal and early life health. How significant was EPA's contribution to information in that field as opposed to, say, big university departments or other laboratories?
WOODRUFF: Oh, I think EPA's contribution to understanding the role the environment and health is critical. Actually some of the early studies that were done on the links between air pollution and mortality, which went to lead to a lot of the rule making that EPA has subsequently done, were done by EPA scientists.
And yet I think very few people think of EPA as an agency that's directly related to health. Not having EPA at the table in terms of talking about the science related to environment and health would be a big loss. And I think their contributions cannot be overestimated enough.
SIEGEL: That's Tracey Woodruff. She's a professor at the University of California, San Francisco. She was a senior EPA scientist and policy adviser under the Clinton and George W. Bush administrations. Tracey Woodruff, thank you for talking with us.
WOODRUFF: All right, thank you. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
No, the mismatch isn't even on the ice (although you can get the idea that Toronto's speed is at times too much for the Capitals to handle). The mismatch is in the Capitals' heads. It's a battle between the ghosts of their many playoff failures of the past and a team's latest attempts to convince themselves that they're a different group than the one that's never delivered on the promise of the Alex Ovechkin era.
The mismatch isn't David-Goliath, Leafs-Capitals, the plucky young underdog cowering in the shadow of the dominant giant. As Monday's 4-3 Maple Leafs win in overtime showed, Toronto's underdogs, suddenly ahead 2-1 in an impossibly entertaining best-of-seven series, aren't afraid of much.
So here we are: All this way into a playoff series that was supposed to be a mismatch. And what have we learned?
Don't get me wrong: The Leafs are winning, too. The Leafs are making their own luck, creating their own breaks, and posing very real problems for the Capitals defence corps. And on Monday night, when Tyler Bozak redirected Nazem Kadri's shot from the wing 1:37 into the extra frame, the home side admirably dragged itself out of a 3-1 hole to ignite the kind of street dancing and horn honking that we haven't seen around here in years.
But the Capitals did it to themselves, too, blowing chance after chance to step on their foes' throats in the opening couple of periods. And even before Monday's wild classic at the Air Canada Centre — the first playoff game in Toronto in four years, and a great one — you could have been convinced the Capitals were feeling the heat of their opponent's speedy pressure.
Capitals head coach Barry Trotz made the odd decision to cite a stat that flattered the Maple Leafs: Since Feb. 1, he pointed out, the Leafs were only four points behind the Capitals in the regular-season standings. Never mind that the Leafs were actually six points in arrears over that span. Trotz seemed to feel the need to signal to Capitals fans and media that this wasn't the mismatch some experts had painted it in the lead-up to the series. It seemed like an unnecessary crutch.
But then, Leafs coach Babcock has been easily winning the battle of off-ice messaging. From his pre-series assertion that the pressure on the President's Trophy winners can be overwhelming – an opinion buttressed by Babcock's own experience as coach of a first-overall finisher ousted in the first round a decade ago – the Leafs coach has done a credible job giving his team reasons to have confidence. Trotz, meanwhile, was giving his team an out.
“(The Leafs) were young at the start of the year,” Trotz said. In other words: Don't rip us too hard if we lose to these rookies.
And Ovechkin seemed resigned to the idea that the Capitals were in for a fight: “You never know, maybe it's going to be seven games,” he said before the game.
For the night's opening handful of minutes, the loosey-goosey Leafs of the opening two games — the team that scored first in both games in Washington — looked downright lost. The Capitals scored two goals on their first two shots, Nicklas Backstrom and Ovechkin finding the net while the defensive pair of Jake Gardiner and Nikita Zaitsev failed to find their early footing.
And while the Maple Leafs pushed back, Auston Matthews scoring his first career postseason goal to make it 2-1 at the first intermission, by the time Evgeny Kuznetsov scored to make it 3-1 on a bad Leafs change early in the second period, you got the sense the Capitals had come to town to make a statement.
But the statement could have been more resounding. The home team dodged more than a few bullets in a wobbly second period, killing a 5-on-3 disadvantage, yes, but only after Kevin Shattenkirk missed a gaping net at the power play's tail end. So when Nazem Kadri banked home a point shot off the rear end of Washington defenceman Brooks Orpik – hey, sometimes you've got to be lucky to be good. And sometimes a bit of luck can turn a game. Not long after, William Nylander tied it 3-3 on another great shift by the Matthews line, Zach Hyman keying the play with his relentless grind, Matthews providing the primary assist. From there, the Leafs dominated regulation possession (although Kuznetsov hit a late post that could have won it).
As the Leafs celebrated an unlikely win, the Capitals had to be basket cases. Their playoff failures of the past are real and well-documented. And here comes something that's beginning to look like another one. Ovechkin is 31 years old and running out of time. The Capitals are a veteran team stocked with impending free agents. Trotz is a coach who's run a bench in 13 playoff series and advanced in precisely four of them.
If you're Ovechkin and Trotz and the Capitals, now the ghosts of the bad years say “Boo” a little louder now. Now the bones of all those skeletons have you rattled to your core.
New York's Long-Awaited Second Avenue Subway Finally Leaves The Station
toggle caption Seth Wenig/AP
Hundreds came out New Year's Day to ride the train in New York City, cheering as the train left the station. That may sound odd, but this wasn't just any subway or any old station, it was the stuff of urban legend: the Second Avenue subway line.
To understand the crowd, you have to go back to the 1920s when the idea for the subway line was first floated, but never left the station because the Depression hit.
The idea was revived again in the 1950s as a replacement for the elevated trains, but city planner Robert Moses decided to spend money building expressways instead.
A Look At NYC's Overburdened Subway System With The MTA Chief A Look At NYC's Overburdened Subway System With The MTA Chief Listen · 10:06 10:06
In 1968, the city finally got federal funding to build a subway on Second Avenue. It was expected to cost $220 million. The TV show Mad Men even worked in a reference to the plan when Peggy Olson, one of the main characters, goes apartment hunting on the East Side that year on the show.
But it didn't happen because in 1975 the city was broke.
By the 1990s overcrowding on the sole East side line had become untenable so the idea for a Second Avenue subway line was revived, and in 2004, a plan was approved. The first phase would include three new stations that go from 72nd Street to 96th Street. The Metropolitan Transit Authority even gave a deadline: 2013. And a cost: $3.8 billion.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Seth Wenig/AP Seth Wenig/AP
But the public was skeptical, as that deadline was pushed back to 2015 and costs crept up. The MTA finally settled on Dec. 31, 2016.
On New Year's Eve, at a newly renovated station on 72nd Street, Gov. Andrew Cuomo held an opening night party. There was a five-piece band, a newsstand was converted into a beer bar, and the cavernous station was filled with purple, pink and orange lights. The governor helped secure more than a billion dollars in federal funding for the project and the MTA, and appoints their board members. At the New Year's Eve party he told the more than 500 invited guests that the Second Avenue Subway is vindication of his vision.
"We needed to show people that government works and we can still do big things and great things and we can still get them done," Cuomo said.
The final cost for the three stations, and two miles of track was $4.5 billion. And on Sunday morning, it officially opened to the public.
"I am so excited. I've been waiting for this for years and I'm thrilled to be on the first train," said 50-year-old Lillian Redel.
Redel, who lives nearby, says the new line will shave nearly 20 minutes off her commute. And the new stations filled with colorful tile art, including 12 portraits by the artists Chuck Close, are snazzy.
Enlarge this image toggle caption MTA/Office of New York Gov. Cuomo/AP MTA/Office of New York Gov. Cuomo/AP
"I love the high ceilings, it looks like there might be some soundproofing so I'm really pleased about that," she said.
And this announcement is sweet music to her ears: "This is a Brooklyn-bound Q train via the Second Avenue line."
Nine-year-old train enthusiast Jared Margulis was impressed with the clean elevators, but had one suggestion: "I think they got to work on the train, because the train did not say the right stop that the train is going to."
Residents are concerned that the new line will also bring higher rents that could push long-time residents out. The next phase will extend the line to 125th Street and is estimated to cost $6 billion. Tunneling could start in the next two years.
VANCOUVER — A sometimes bruising leadership campaign ends today in Vancouver for British Columbia's Liberals as they elect a new leader who will be tasked with returning the party to power after a 16 year term in office that ended last summer.
An estimated 60,000 party members were eligible to vote online and by phone to replace Christy Clark, who resigned after the New Democrats formed a minority government with the support of the Green party following a non-confidence vote that brought down the Liberals.
The field of six candidates includes three veterans with deep cabinet experience, two former big city mayors and a first-time member of the legislature from Metro Vancouver.
Mike de Jong, Andrew Wilkinson and Todd Stone were longtime members of Clark's cabinet.
Sam Sullivan, a former Vancouver mayor, was appointed to cabinet in the dying days of Clark's government last summer.
The field also includes Michael Lee, a Vancouver lawyer who was elected to the legislature last spring, and Dianne Watts, a former Conservative MP and one-time mayor of Surrey.
The B.C. Liberal Party is not affiliated with the federal Liberals. It describes itself as "a made-in-B.C. free enterprise coalition" that includes members of the federal Conservative and Liberal parties.
Getting the party back to power after a lacklustre election campaign last May has been a focus of the leadership campaign.
There has been finger-pointing in debates over who was to blame for the Liberal downfall, despite B.C. boasting the strongest economy in Canada.
Some candidates criticized the party's old guard for failing to address transportation, housing and social policy issues that led to losses in seat-rich Metro Vancouver, once a Liberal stronghold.
LIVERPOOL, England — Police say a man was attacked outside a pub near Anfield before the Champions League game between Liverpool and Roma on Tuesday.
Merseyside Police said it was investigating a "serious assault." The man was attended to by police and needed treatment.
The incident took place 10 minutes before kickoff.
By The Associated Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The parents of seriously ill Alfie Evans claim they have had to give him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation to keep him alive after his life support was withdrawn.
Alfie's father Tom made the sensational claim to reporters gathered outside Alder Hey hospital in Liverpool tonight.
He also claimed that the Court of Appeal was willing to listen to the case again - just hours after a High Court judge rejected the family's last-ditch appeal to take Alfie for treatment in Italy.
He told reporters: "The court has reached out to us and said it can set aside three judges tonight to hear his case again.
"It means there is a chance that Alfie could be in Italy tomorrow night if we are allowed back in court."
Tom also revealed the desperate fight the family had to keep Alfie alive after his lips turned blue.
To read our latest updates on the Alfie Evans case, click here.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
He said: "Both Kate and I had to give him mouth to mouth resuscitation to keep him alive because his lips turned blue.
"We were doing what a nurse should have been doing to sustain his life.
"Now they are saying that he looks really good but we all know he should be in Italy right now.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
"In the earlier court hearing the doctors were saying they were scared of the protesters but we have police officers with tasers around Alfie's room.
"Now they are saying we might be able to take Alfie home but I am going to keep on fighting for him.
"The doctors said he would die within five minutes of him being taken off a life support machine but he is here 22 hours later still fighting.
"He is making vocal noises and he is breathing. I am not going to give up on him."
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: PA)
(Image: Facebook/Alfies Army Official)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
This evening a statement from Alder Hey said: "This evening the High Court again ruled that it is in Alfie's best interests to continue with the end of life care plan developed by the clinical team who have cared for him throughout.
"Our top priority therefore remains in ensuring Alfie receives the care he deserves to ensure his comfort, dignity and privacy are maintained throughout. This includes working closely with Kate and Tom as they spend this precious time together with him.
"We would be grateful if respect and consideration is shown to all our staff, patients and families at the hospital at this difficult time."
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Andy Stenning daily mirror)
At an emergency hearing earlier today a heartbroken doctor said hospital staff have "genuine fear" over the hostility shown towards them.
The hearing in Manchester was a last-ditch plea by Alfie's parents to send him to Italy.
While the judge rejected the appeal he did suggest that bringing Alfie home could be another option.
Staff said it could take three to five days to move a patient but the current hostility would make it "impossible".
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Facebook)
Alfie has been at the centre of a life-or-death treatment battle, with his parents, Tom Evans and Kate James, trying to stop his doctors at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool from withdrawing life support in a six-month dispute which has seen a series of court battles.
A "last-ditch appeal" by the Italian ambassador and the Pope, to grant Alfie citizenship of Italy to take him for treatment at a hospital in Rome, failed on Monday.
Mr Justice Hayden described the 23-month-old at the centre of a life support battle as "courageous" and a "warrior", but said the case had now reached its "final chapter", he told a High Court hearing in Manchester.
Pedestrians have to skirt a sign post that was likely struck by a vehicle, on the west side of McCaul St., just south of Baldwin St. JACK LAKEY / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
It doesn't take much of a nudge from a vehicle for a roadside sign post to end up getting in the way of pedestrians. The edges of our roads are cluttered with all kinds of stuff — fire hydrants, traffic signals and utility posts, to name a few — that are necessary to daily life and safely navigating the street. The most pervasive are street signs that provide essential cues to drivers on where to go — or not — and what to do while getting there. Without them we'd be guessing, and likely engaging in erratic driving. But the sheer volume of necessary objects along the curb also exposes them to the rough-and-tumble of life on the street, and all the hard knocks that go with it. And sooner or later, all the vehicles that go whooshing past the objects make it inevitable that inadvertent contact between them will happen.
Article Continued Below
That may be the best way to explain a sign post that somehow ended up bent across a busy downtown sidewalk, where it forces pedestrians to go one way or another. A reader told us he is often on the sidewalk on the west side of McCaul St., just south of Baldwin St., and has for at least a year been dodging the sign post, particularly when two or more people converge at the same spot. “Sometimes I have to walk along the edge of the curb to get past it, when other people come along and go on the other side of it,” he said, adding that when it's busy, “there's a bit of a people traffic jam.”
We went there and found a pole with a “no parking” sign on top, which was listing badly toward the sidewalk and into the path of pedestrians, some of whom detoured to the curb area to go around it. Just about the only way such a sturdy pole could be bent is from a vehicle backing into it; we assume (perhaps incorrectly) that nobody could be dumb enough to drive into it from the front. But perhaps we're not giving dumb drivers enough credit. STATUS: With the recent exodus of three of the four district road operations managers from the city's employ — Rob Burlie in Etobicoke-York is the only one who didn't abruptly depart — we weren't sure to whom we should direct our request for a repair. Steve Johnston, who deals with media for transportation services, is trying to find the right person to get it fixed. What's broken in your neighbourhood? Wherever you are in Greater Toronto, we want to know. Send an email to jlakey@thestar.ca . Report problems and follow us on Twitter @TOStarFixer.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paul Pogba has fired shots at Zlatan Ibrahimovic with his latest Instagram post.
The Manchester United midfielder trolled his former team-mate by uploading a video of himself performing an impressive martial art kick.
The Frenchman gets his leg high before powerfully bringing it down on the top of the punching bag.
Ibrahimovic's love of Taekwondo is well known and he regularly claims his black belt expertise in the martial art has helped prolong his career.
In fact the LA Galaxy striker used his self defence skills to produce an outlandish through ball against Atlanta recently.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Paul Pogba/Instagram)
(Image: Paul Pogba/Instagram)
However, one man who was not impressed was Pogba.
Along with the video, Pogba put the caption: "Zlatan you think you the only one who can put your leg high."
Knowing Ibrahimovic, Pogba can expect a reply within the next 24 hours.
ROANOKE, Va. - Get ready for a night of dancing and singing with some of your favorite Disney characters!
Disney Junior Dance Party On Tour is coming to the Berglund Center on Oct. 2.
Tickets start at $39.50 and go on sale Friday. They can be bought at the Berglund Center Box Office, HomeTownBankTix.com or by phone at 1-877-482-8496.
The 90-minute concert features live appearances by favorite Disney Junior characters Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Goofy, Elena of Avalor, Sofia the First, and Doc McStuffins, combined with interactive on-screen moments with Puppy Dog Pals, The Lion Guard and Muppet Babies, plus the first-ever live appearance by Vampirina.
Those in attendance will hear 20 songs from Disney Junior's hit series, as well as two brand-new original songs for the tour.
VIP package offerings include either a pre-party or after-party.
At the pre-party, kids and families will have the opportunity to meet Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Doc McStuffins and Elena of Avalor.
The after-party gives kids and families the first opportunity to meet Vampirina, plus Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse and Goofy.
Both are filled with dancing, food and fun! Click here to learn more about the VIP offerings.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Deadly Tropical Storm Nate Threatens U.S. Gulf Coast
Enlarge this image toggle caption INTI OCON/AFP/Getty Images INTI OCON/AFP/Getty Images
Tropical Storm Nate was gathering force in the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea on Friday as it made its way toward the U.S. Gulf Coast, which was bracing for a potential direct hit Sunday.
The storm has already unleashed heavy rain and flooding over parts of Central America, where several people have died.
In Nicaragua, the death toll reached at least 11 on Thursday, while thousands of people had to evacuate their homes and several others were reported missing, according to Vice President Rosario Murillo. Nate follows nearly two weeks of heavy rain that has saturated the ground there, reports The Associated Press, and Murillo said that the recent rainfall is not part of Nate's storm system.
In Costa Rica, officials blamed the storm for at least seven deaths, AP says. Schools across the country were suspended Thursday because of heavy rainfall.
In Honduras, two young people drowned in a swollen river, while in neighboring El Salvador a man was killed in a mudslide, reports Reuters.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Moises Castillo/AP Moises Castillo/AP
The National Hurricane Center said Nate was located off the coast of Honduras on Friday morning and headed north northwestward at 14 mph. It had maximum sustained winds of around 45 mph, but forecasters said the winds would pick up over the next couple of days and were expected to reach hurricane force by the time Nate reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico.
A hurricane watch was in effect Friday for parts of Louisiana, including New Orleans, while parts of Mississippi and Alabama were under a tropical storm watch.
toggle caption National Hurricane Center
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency Thursday in anticipation of Nate's arrival and is asking President Trump to declare "a pre-landfall state of emergency."
At a briefing Edwards said Louisiana is expected to take a direct hit early Sunday morning, but parts of the state could feel the force of the winds by Saturday evening. Edwards said rainfall could reach six inches in some areas, with storm surge of up to six feet.
It has been a devastating hurricane season, and Nate is an unwelcome reminder that it is not over yet; the season continues until the end of November.
Louisiana National Guard soldiers have already been helping with recovery efforts in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria's aftermath. Now more than 1,000 state guardsmen have been mobilized ahead of Nate, some in New Orleans to monitor drainage pumps, which have already undergone damage.
"We don't anticipate that this is going to cause devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps or the electrical generation down there to pump out that water," Edwards said. But he added, "I'm not going to tell you I am not concerned."
Sportskeeda's take on Paige having a backstage altercation with a former WWE Champion
The polarising couple just can't stay out of the news.
@conciousxplode by Lennard Surrao News 14 Aug 2017, 06:56 IST
Controversy's favourite child!
The Paige-El Patron saga doesn't seem to wither away as the couple just can't seem to catch a break. The much-publicized airport incident between the two led to El Patron's suspension from GFW along with legal trouble for Paige, who could be charged with battery over the incident.
While the couple previously stated that all was smooth between the two and blamed the media for blowing up the situation out of proportion, new reports from Wrestling Observer paint a different picture.
The report states that GFW has been having many problems with El Patron and while most of them have happened outside the confines of the promotion, one particular incident happened backstage with the former Divas Champion being involved.
There was reportedly a blow-up between the former WWE Champion and Paige a few weeks back at a GFW show, with no details about the incident currently in the public domain.
Also read: Paige and El Patron reveal what really happened during the Orlando airport indecent
In hindsight, that's great as the couple has attracted unwanted attention ever since they started going out with each other. With reports of a break-up popping up every week and a subsequent rumour killer from Paige herself coming within hours, the entire situation is confusing at best.
All we can do is to hope they stay out of trouble and most importantly, happy together irrespective of the keyboard warriors trying to fuel a fire.
Paige recently confirmed that she will be returning to WWE soon despite her association with Patron making the news more than her rehabilitation. Patron shooting hard on WWE and Triple H hasn't helped her cause either as WWE officials have nothing planned for the 2-time Divas Champion.
As things stand, El Patron is still under suspension and is expected to return at GFW next PPV. His lawyer recently sent a letter to the company demanding an explanation on the reason behind the current unified GFW Champion's suspension despite being cleared of all charges in the airport incident.
The bottom line is that both the WWE Universe and GFW fans are hoping for Paige and El Patron to get their act together and return as soon as possible.
© Press Trust of India
In the months of November and December when, leading to suspicion that poachers are setting them off to trap endangered animals like musk deer.Since the first week of November, 2016, residents of Munsiyari and Dharchula have reported witnessing smoke of forest fires more than six times in different parts of the two blocks. Fires were reported from the foothills of Panchachuli and Rajrambha peaks, van panchayat of the seasonal village of Burphu, Chipla Kedar forest of Askot Musk Deer Sanctuary and van panchayat of Pato village in Munsiyari in the last two months.On December 16, van panchayat forests of the seasonal village of Gunji in Dharchula block also caught fire. "BRO and ITBP personnel were deployed to put it out," district magistrate of Pithoragarh, Ranjit Sinha, had said then. He also promised to put in place an inquiry into the incident.Most recently, on December 28, locals of Munsiyari again spotted smoke at the foothills of Panchachuli peak.Shekhar Kumar Neeraj, who heads TRAFFIC, the wildlife trade monitoring network of World Wide Fund for Nature, told TOI, "Although I am not aware of these winter forest fire incidents in Uttarakhand, this is a definite approach used by poachers to trap and kill musk deer at such high altitudes."Vinay Bhargav, DFO of Pithoragarh, denied the occurrence of any fires in the region. "According to National Remote Sensing Centre, there was no indication of forest fires in Pithoragarh. The smoke was due to clouds that are the result of blasting in the hills for road construction to Basantkot in Gori river valley," he said, adding that previous incidents of forest fire were due to burning of grasses by villagers of Ringu Chinkot.However, the gram pradhan of Basantkot, Rudra Singh, said he saw smoke rising from the foothills of Panchachuli and Rajrambha peaks a few times. "The smoke was due to fires set by poachers and smugglers who travel that far to hunt animals like musk deer," he said.The forest ranger of Munsiyari, Levraj Singh Pangti too said he saw smoke from fires at Munisiyari. "Forest guards were sent to inspect these parts. We also went to Pato and Burphu villages but couldn't find anyone who might have started the fires." Pato and Burphu are seasonal villages, and fires broke out only after all the families migrated down to Munsiyari. Rajendra Kumar, , the principal chief conservator of forests of Uttarakhand, said, "Forest officials have already been asked to patrol the region for the next few days to watch out for fires." Chief wildlife warden of Uttarakhand, D V S Khati also said incidents of fire inside Askot Musk Deer Sanctuary are being investigated.But villagers near Panchachuli said forest officials don't have the logistics to travel that far and investigate the incidents. "The poachers have weapons and a single forest guard can't deal with them. The places are very remote and any inspection needs a team of at least 5 men. Who will walk 50 km to catch poachers?" said Munsiyari resident Mahesh Singh.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A baby who survived the worst case of meningitis doctors had ever seen is returning home after having four limbs amputated.
Kia Gott, one, contracted a rare strain of the potentially fatal disease which has left her blind and partly brain damaged.
The brave tot has been in hospital since September and her parents were at one point sent a letter by medics saying it was likely Kia wouldn't make it.
But hopes were raised when a consultant told them earlier this year that Kia would be allowed home.
Her parents said it "felt like we won the lottery" when they heard Kia would be leaving hospital.
Following a meeting with doctors at Bradford Royal Infirmary, West Yorks., last week, the family have now been given a date for the tot to return home on a day release basis.
(Image: SWNS.com)
If it goes well, the family can bring her home more regularly, according to Kia's father Paul Gott.
Paul, 35, said: "Once she has been home once and it goes ok we can have her back pretty much everyday.
"She is doing a lot better, things went a bit backwards when she moved to BRI but she has come back around now.
"She is prone to epilepsy now so she is having a drug for that, so that is the main thing now.
"She is definitely not deaf, but as Kia is being brought off the drugs it is becoming apparent she is probably blind and brain damaged, and won't be able to move by herself.
"It is heart-breaking but she is still breathing which is the main thing, and now its just going to be about giving her the best quality of life we can."
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
Paul discovered a rash on his daughter's face, neck and chest when she fell ill in September last year.
He noticed the discolouring of his daughter's skin after going to check on her in the middle of the night.
Paramedics arrived but her veins had collapsed, so they had to drill into her tiny shin to give her emergency drugs.
Kia was then rushed to Bradford Royal Infirmary where medics told her family it was meningitis and she was not likely to survive.
Specialists told the family it was the worst case of Meningitis C septicaemia they had dealt with for a quarter of a century.
Kia contracted the condition before she could receive the Men C vaccine, which is administered to infants at about 12 months old.
The government stopped the vaccination for three-month-old babies last year.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
Heartbroken new mum holds baby girl's tiny hand in incubator before turning off life support just five days after birth
Concerns were raised that she may also be left brain damaged, blind and deaf.
The tot's crushed parents were then told the devastating news that all four limbs would have to be removed.
The family, from Wyke, West Yorks., have had to move into a larger house in order to take Kia home.
But the move has put further stress on Paul, his wife Vikki Mitchell, 30, and their two other children, elder brother Kayden and sister Elsie.
He added: "We've been given a new house by Bradford Council but it was a bit rundown, so we've been doing a lot of work, it's been like DIY SOS and we've had loads of help from everyone.
"We're going to need an extension because we will need a bedroom downstairs because we will have to sleep with her.
(Image: Donna Gott / SWNS.com)
"It is going to be life-changing, it already has been life-changing, and it is going to be emotional when she comes home because it has been a long time since she first went in."
Wellwishers have donated more than £36,000 to the family through a crowdfunding page to support the family in the future.
It will be the first time Kia has been home since she was first admitted in September last year when she was ten months old.
Superstars who have lost the most IPL Finals
These Superstars have been unlucky when it comes to the IPL finals.
Yash Mittal ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 31 May 2018, 00:59 IST 2.41K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Superstars you may not know who have lost most IPL Finals
Cricket, just as life, can be a cruel sometimes. From multiple highs to soul-crushing lows, it tends to keep us grounded. The Indian Premier League is a case in point. The 2018 edition of the tournament just got done and dusted with the Chennai Super Kings crowned champions.
If you look at the 2018 team of Chennai, there were a plethora of cricketers like Ambati Rayudu, Harbhajan Singh, and Karn Sharma who were once again at the winning side of things in yet another final.
While Sharma has featured in three consecutive IPL wins (2016 with SRH, 2017 with MI and now 2018 with CSK), Rayudu and Bhajji went on to win their fourth IPL title.
However, there have been superstars over the course of the past eleven years, who had to face the ignominy of losing many IPL finals.
Today in this blog, let us look at such superstars which you might not know, have featured in losing causes in multiple IPL finals.
#4 Chris Gayle and AB de Villiers (two each, 2011 & 2016)
The bedrock of RCB over the years
Both of AB de Villiers and Chris Gayle have been an integral part of the Indian Premier League since its inception.
While Gayle was with KKR in the first three years, before being called in as a last-minute injury replacement by RCB mid-way through the 2011 campaign, De Villiers was bought in the auctions after having spent three years with the Daredevils.
Gayle (608) and De Villiers (312) were the cornerstone for RCB success throughout the season and were instrumental in leading their side to the finals, where they lost to the 2010 champions Chennai Super Kings by 58 runs.
Gayle and De Villers were at the receiving side again in the 2016 edition, as a rampaging SRH unit spearheaded by David Warner denied the duo of finally laying their hands on the title.
While Gayle scored a blistering 76 in the finals, AB de Villiers was the star of the season alongside Kohli, as he amassed 687 runs at an average of 52.84 and a strike-rate of 168.79.
5 Leadership Failures That Contributed to the United Fiasco
Every CEO is vulnerable to United-esque PR disaster when their organizations veer from their core values.
Now that Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex, and Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex, are officially married, fans are eager to know what the future has in store for the royal couple. And based on a report from Us Weekly, it sounds like moving into a new weekend home is next for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle.
According to the magazine, the royal couple has signed a two-year lease on a weekend house called WestfieldLarge. The property is apparently part of the Great Tew Estate, a location in the Cotswolds. There's no word on how much the lease is costing the royal family, but it's safe to guess the estate is quite luxurious.
"Meghan loves the Cotswolds and fell in love with the estate the first time she went," an unnamed source told Us Weekly. "They recently had security cameras installed around the perimeter."
For fans who aren't in the U.K., Us Weekly explains that the estate is about an hour and a half from London by car. That means it's perfect for weekends away, when they won't need to be around the city's hustle and bustle.
The Cotswolds also boast some impressive neighbors for the royal couple. Us Weekly points out that David and Victoria Beckham's country home is near the estate where Harry and Markle will be staying. The Beckhams recently renovated their own Cotswolds home, which features a pool, too. So, if the royal couple wants to spend time with the Beckhams, there are a lot of luxurious places where they can do just that.
Us Weekly also notes that Harry and Markle will stay at the new residence while Nottingham Cottage at Kensington Palace is being renovated. And based on the magazine's report, it sounds like the couple will start spending time in the Cotswolds after their honeymoon. Though fans thought Harry and Markle's honeymoon would be in Namibia, TMZ recently reported that the couple may honeymoon in Canada instead.
WPA Pool/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Back when they got engaged, the palace announced that Harry and Markle would be living at the two-bedroom Nottingham Cottage. The couple is in good royal company: Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, have previously lived there, as did Lady Jane Fellowes, sister to Diana, Princess of Wales. For his part, Prince Harry has already lived at the cottage since 2013. Markle, meanwhile, moved in after their engagement.
As Town & Country pointed out, the royal wedding also included a hidden clue that Prince Harry and Markle are enjoying their new life together at Nottingham Cottage. Markle's veil apparently included embroidery featuring wintersweet, a flower that grows in front of the cottage. The same flower is also featured in Markle's royal coat of arms.
Don't let the sound of two bedrooms fool you, either. In addition to the bedrooms, Nottingham Cottage also has a garden, as well as two "reception rooms," according to The Telegraph. And aside from the gorgeous cottage's amenities, having Prince William and Kate Middleton as neighbors on the palace estate isn't bad, either.
Still, while the newlyweds appear to be enjoying their cozy cottage life for now, there's always the possibility that they'll move into a larger space within Kensington Palace in the future. If Prince Harry and Meghan do have children, they might want more than two bedrooms for their family.
For now, though, it seems like they're perfectly happy at Nottingham Cottage. And based on Us Weekly's report, they will be very happy spending their weekends in the Cotswolds for at least the next couple of years, too.
Syrians attempting to flee violence and seek refuge in Turkey are facing indiscriminate fire by Turkish border guards, Human Rights Watch said Saturday.
Scroll for more content...
Syrian asylum seekers leaving the brutality of Idlib province in northwest Syria "are being forced back with bullets and abuse," according to Lama Fakih, deputy director of Human Rights Watch's Middle East and North Africa division.
In just a month, from December 15 to January 15, about 247,000 Syrians were displaced to the border area, according to the United Nations.
"As fighting in Idlib and Afrin displaces thousands more," Fakih said, "the number of Syrians trapped along the border willing to risk their lives to reach Turkey is only likely to increase."
The Human Rights Watch report comes amid rising tensions along the Turkey-Syria border as Turkey's military has moved into northern Syria. The incursion has opened up another front in the long-running Syrian conflict, now stretching into its seventh year.
Human Rights Watch spoke to 16 Syrian refugees who were smuggled into Turkey last year. Of those, 13 said that Turkish border guards shot at them and other asylum seekers as they tried to flee Syria.
According to their accounts, 10 people were killed, including a child. At another border crossing, Turkish border guards fired warning shots into the air but did not target asylum seekers directly, the witnesses said.
Twelve families told the rights group that they were captured and held at an internally displaced persons camp before being sent back to Syria.
"Turkish border guards placed them in a large square where they would remain until the guards had collected enough people to send back to Syria. Three families estimated that the square could fit up to a thousand people and usually had hundreds in it," Human Rights Watch said in a statement.
Asylum seekers also must travel a dangerous terrain "littered with landmines, steep climbs, narrow paths along ravines, and valleys." The rights group said most families exhaust all their resources paying smugglers anywhere from $300 to $8,000 per person to reach Turkey.
Turkey is home to more Syrian refugees than any other country in the world, hosting around 3.5 million, according to Human Rights Watch. But the group said, "Turkey's generous hosting of large numbers of Syrians does not absolve it of its responsibility to help those seeking protection at its borders."
On January 20, Turkey launched a ground offensive across the border into northern Syria, which it dubbed Operation Olive Branch. Turkey said the operation, with the help of the Free Syrian Army, aims to clear Syrian territories of all terrorist groups and create a safe environment to facilitate the permanent return of Syrian refugees to their country.
Turkey has long fought Kurdish unrest in the southeastern part of the country. It's determined to prevent the establishment of a Kurdish state across the border in Syria and has used military force in the past against Kurds and ISIS in the northern part of the neighboring country.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Vegans, don't read any further, as our next restaurant guide is definitely not suited to your taste. Cambridge has a plethora of great steakhouses, as well as excellent restaurants that cook up steak dishes to die for.
It's hard to narrow down all the restaurants worth checking out into one article- so instead, here's our guide to the best of the best.
Located on Quayside, the Riverhouse is a steakhouse and grill that offers fantastic food in a relaxed and quietly glamorous atmosphere.
During the summer months, dining out on the roof terrace bar is a must, but even when it's cold outside, staying indoors and tucking into the delicious menu is one of the city's culinary treats.
Head over to the River Bar website to browse the menu and make a reservation.
Address: 3 Thompsons Ln, Cambridge CB5 8AQ
La Masion Du Steak
Ignore the pretentious name- this Hills Road restaurant is more than just your average steakhouse, with an eclectic menu that even includes multiple vegetarian dishes.
Click here to browse the full menu, or to reserve a table.
Address: 125 Hills Rd, Cambridge CB2 1PG
Millworks
Now for something a tiny bit different. Millworks is a historic Cambridge mill remodelled into a fancy modern brasserie, that serves tasty treats for brunch, lunch and dinner.
With glowing TripAdvisor reviews (including a glowing 4.5 rating), it'd be worth eating here even if you weren't going for the steak. However, users of that site have singled out the flat iron steak as the single best thing on the menu- so you've got to go and try it for yourself, right?
Book a table and find out more over here.
Address: The Watermill, Newnham Road, Cambridge CB3 9EY
Located at Granta Place, overlooking the River Cam, Marco Pierre White's Steakhouse Bar & Grill is a must-visit. Not only will you have a plethora of steak dishes approved by the famous chef himself, you'll also be dining at a perfectly picturesque location. This is one to put at the top of your lists if you're looking for a romantic meal.
Head over to the Marco Pierre White Steakhouse Facebook page for up-to-the-minute information on offers and menu changes.
Address: Mill Lane, Granta Place, Cambridge CB2 1RT
Cau Cambridge
Located just around the corner from King's Parade, Cau is an Argentinian restaurant designed to capture the spirit of dining in Buenos Aires. They have plenty of different steak options ready for you to try out.
To find out more, or to book a table, click here.
Address: 15 Bene't St, Cambridge CB2 3QN
Rocker's Steakhouse
Finally, after moving from its humble Mill Road site to Cambridge Leisure Park, Rocker's Steakhouse has become the perfect location for a gathering with friends. You can book tables for up to 70 people at the Leisure Park restaurant, and have the option of buying out the entire restaurant for birthdays, weddings and other special occasions.
Oh, and did we mention that the steak is pretty good too? Click here to find out more.
Address: Cambridge Leisure Park, 30 Clifton Way, Cambridge CB1 7DY
Where are your favourite places to go for a steak in Cambridge?
Mumbai/Nagpur: The ruling BJP in Maharashtra is leading in Palghar but trailing in the Bhandara-Gondiya constituency as counting progresses in the May 28 Lok Sabha bypolls here on Thursday.
At 11 a.m., the BJP candidate in Palghar, Rajendra Gavit, notched up over 80,000 votes while his nearest Shiv Sena rival Shriniwas Vanga was trailing at around 62,000 votes.
They were followed by the Bahujan Vikas Aghadi`s Baliram Jadhav at 54,000 votes and Congress`s Damodar Shingada at 17,000 votes.
In Bhandara, the BJP candidate Hemant Patle, who was leading in the earlier rounds of counting, suddenly fell behind Nationalist Congress Party`s Madhukar Kukde, who surged ahead with a lead of over 17,000 votes.
Elections in both the constituencies were marred by large-scale incidents of malfunctioning EVM-VVPATs with all the opposition parties and ruling ally Shiv Sena hurling allegations of foul play and tampering of the machines.
The high-stakes elections in both the seats, came in the wake of Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis` vow, to win the elections "come what may" -- and his subsequent controversial remarks of using "Saam, Daam, Dand, Bhed" to bag the polls at all costs.
Hungerford Town 1 Dartford 0
HUNGERFORD ended their long, lean home run in the best possible way by downing leaders Dartford for their first home league win since September 2.
They rallied to hold on to Louis Soares' 23rd minute goal, netted from the penalty spot after Tom Meechan had been brought down.
The leaders' own away from offered Crusaders some hope as they had rarely flourished away from Kent in recent weeks, although they had started well enough and had the best of things until Meechan set off on a run into the box that was ended by Alex Brown and Soares tucked the ball home from the spot.
Former Whitehawk marksman Danny Mills had the visitors' best efforts, and they thought they had saved a point near the end when Alfie Pavey's free kick came back off the bar or top scorer Elliott Bradbrook to net, but he was ruled offside from the initial strike and Hungerford's rearguard action brought three invaluable points.
They now have two weeks in which to continue patching up the injured before returning to action at Weston-Super-Mare on December 23.
Brendan Sinclair Senior Editor Monday 14th August 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Sega
Few stars of the 16-bit era are as frequently maligned as Sonic the Hedgehog. Sega's speedy 2D platformer mascot struggled to adjust to the advent of 3D gaming, and a series of mediocre games interspersed with empty promises to take the series back to its roots has eroded the franchise's reputation over the past couple of decades.
However, this week's launch of Sonic Mania looks to reverse that trend. Mania is a new 2D Sonic game that includes remixed versions of classic levels from the original Genesis/Mega Drive-era Sonic games along with a host of new boss battles and some original stages to boot. That may not sound terribly ambitious, but the result is drawing raves from across the gaming press.
In IGN's 8.7 out of 10 review, Heidi Kamps calls it "a stellar example of a retro revival done right." Kotaku's Heather Alexander characterized it as "a celebration, a digitized block party of blistering speeds and bright worlds" that clearly articulates the mascot's true appeal.
GameSpot's Matt Espineli described Sonic Mania's presentation as "intoxicating" in his 9 out of 10 review, saying the revamped visuals and music "work together in Sonic Mania to build up an aesthetic that's evocative of earlier games, but in a pleasing style that feels contemporary all on its own."
He also praised the game's level design, with numerous routes through levels at high speeds, with no particular path ever feeling wrong. The game also benefits from the widescreen aspect ratio and solid framerate allowed by modern technology, he said, giving players a better sense of what's coming and ability to avoid it than they had in the original Sonic games.
"The best Sonic game ever made" Matt Espineli
"Sonic Mania methodically uses its sentimental appeal to great effect, but in the process, it heals the wounds inflicted by its most disappointing predecessors and surpasses the series' best with its smart and interpretive design," Espineli said. "An excellent 2D platformer, Sonic Mania goes beyond expectations, managing to be not only a proper evolution of the series' iconic formula, but the best Sonic game ever made."
USgamer gave the game four out of five stars, with Caty McCarthy noting in her review how intelligently the game uses its history without relying on it.
"You remember Green Hill Zone. You remember Chemical Plant Zone. All these levels are familiar, not note by note necessarily, but the feeling of them. Even the levels that are entirely new to the franchise," McCarthy said. "Luckily, despite all the fuzzy-warm-feelings Sonic Mania is almost jamming down your throat, the game manages to be more than a basic nostalgia ploy even in the face of all the reiterated zones. Instead, Sonic Mania is a boisterous, confident celebration of all things Sonic-its one-off characters, random low-poly bonus and special stages, energetic music, silly bosses, and odd spin-off games. You'll find a little bit of everything in Sonic Mania."
Eurogamer's Edwin Evans-Thirlwell gave Sonic Mania the site's highest award, an "Essential" rating, saying, "It's representative of a project that doesn't merely restore the past with the care of a museum curator touching up a faded classic, but also twists and expands it, to create an experience that is equal parts nostalgia pang and giddy excitement."
Like his peers, Evans-Thirlwell delighted in the game's exhilarating speed, but noted it has a downside as well.
"For every second you'll spend plunging through the infrastructure you'll spend another jumping frantically to scoop up dropped rings, following a head-on collision with a malevolent drone," he said. "It's certainly an acquired taste, next to the stately unfolding of the average Mario game."
"If more of what Sonic is what you want, then this is very much that, but more, and bigger, and faster" Arthur Gies
Of course, an "acquired taste" is one that not everyone shares. Polygon's Arthur Gies gave Sonic Mania a 7 out of 10--one of the lower scores from a major review site--saying it, "feels slavishly, almost fetishistically devoted to the old-school branch of Sonic gameplay and design."
He added, "When it's working, this speed is exhilarating, and remarkably, no other game has ever managed to capture the same lightning in a bottle that Sonic did. Sonic Mania, more than any Sega-led project of the last 20 years, feels exactly the way I remember the original trilogy."
That said, Gies remembers the original trilogy of Sonic games as significantly flawed, with sluggish movement as the characters work their way up to speed and an abundance of attacks from off-screen enemies and nigh-unavoidable obstacles.
"The sound of every ring you've collected exploding out of you when colliding with a hazard is a singularly enraging audio cue," Gies said, "and it's all the more infuriating because frequently, it just doesn't feel fair."
That said, Gies largely agreed with other reviewers who gave more positive assessments; the biggest difference seemed to be how they feel about the idea of playing more Sonic games cut from the same cloth as the originals.
"The mileage you get out of it will depend significantly on what you want it to be," Gies said. "As a synthesis and expression of a specific era of Sonic, Sonic Mania is devout toward its inspiration, for devout fans of Sega's beleaguered mascot. If more of what Sonic is what you want, then this is very much that, but more, and bigger, and faster. But for me, as someone with fond memories but key criticisms, Sonic Mania seems content to paint over some of the series' problems rather than fix them, making for a game that falls a little short of what might have been."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) — Pennsylvania's Democratic Party chairman says he's acceding to Gov. Tom Wolf's request that he resign in the wake of his comments to a columnist about the party's responses to sexual misconduct allegations against politicians.
In a statement Friday, Marcel Groen said he didn't agree with Wolf's assessment, but didn't want to be a distraction to the party. At one point in The Philadelphia Inquirer's column , Groen says Wolf is already unhappy with him.
Groen says some comments were taken out of context and some were inaccurate, but he also says he should have spoken more artfully and clearly.
The 72-year-old Groen is a Montgomery County lawyer who became party chairman in 2015.
The columnist, Will Bunch, says all of Groen's comments were reported accurately and the context stands for itself.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mark Warburton has denied he resigned as Rangers boss.
The former Brentford manager left Ibrox under a cloud last week, along with his assistant David Weir and director of football Frank McParland.
It is claimed the trio offered their resignations, which were accepted by the Rangers board.
However, Warburton has moved to clarify the situation.
Warburton said in a statement: "Much has been said over the last few days relating to our departure from Rangers Football Club. At this stage, for legal reasons, it is inappropriate for us to comment in any great detail on our departure from the club.
"However, given that the club has seen fit to make detailed public statements, it is important that we should clarify certain matters and as such we would like to formally place on record, that at no stage did we resign from our positions at Rangers.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Mark Warburton: Timeline at Rangers Share this video Watch Next
"It is a matter of surprise to us, and to the League Managers Association (LMA), which is advising all three of us, that despite its detailed public statements, the club has not answered key questions put to it by the LMA, in writing, requesting an explanation of why it suggested that we resigned from our positions.
"For all three of us, it was an absolute privilege to be given the opportunity to work at a club that is so rich in tradition and history. It was an honour to be given the responsibility of returning the club to the top tier of Scottish football and we are very proud to have played our part in successfully securing promotion back to the Scottish Premiership.
"Winning the Petrofac Scottish Challenge Cup and beating Celtic, in a memorable semi-final to reach the Scottish Cup Final, are experiences we will never forget.
(Photo: PA)
"We sincerely thank the Rangers fans for their unwavering passion and dedication. We had the good fortune to meet so many outstanding individuals and supporters of the club and we will always value their words of encouragement. We wish them great success for the seasons ahead.
"The current group of players, together with the staff at the training ground and Ibrox, have borne the huge weight of responsibility of taking a massive club back to the top flight.
"They should be proud of their togetherness and their work ethic. It has been a pleasure to work with them, and we would like to thank each and every one of them for their commitment and contribution."
FILE - In this Jan.18 2018 file photo, designer Kim Jones, centre, accepts applause as he walks with models Kate Moss, right, and Naomi Campbell after his Louis Vuitton men's Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection presented in Paris. Christian Dior Couture announced Monday March 19, 2018 the appointment of Kim Jones as Artistic Director of Dior Homme for the Ready-to-Wear and Accessory collections. (AP Photo/Francois Mori, file)
FILE - In this Jan.18 2018 file photo, designer Kim Jones, centre, accepts applause as he walks with models Kate Moss, right, and Naomi Campbell after his Louis Vuitton men's Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection presented in Paris. Christian Dior Couture announced Monday March 19, 2018 the appointment of Kim Jones as Artistic Director of Dior Homme for the Ready-to-Wear and Accessory collections. (AP Photo/Francois Mori, file)
PARIS (AP) - Christian Dior announced Monday that long-time menswear designer Kris Van Assche would leave the Parisian fashion house and be succeeded by former Louis Vuitton designer Kim Jones.
Van Assche, a 41-year-old Belgian, whose minimalist, urban aesthetic has garnered praise during his 11-year tenure at Dior, is one of Paris fashion's most recognizable faces. Van Assche said he was leaving with his "mind and heart filled with experiences" to "pursue new challenges."
After he shuttered his smaller eponymous label in 2015 amid challenging market conditions, Dior was his main occupation.
Dior parent company LVMH Group said that Van Assche would remain in the group and his future role would be announced later.
In a separate statement, Dior announced that Jones, a British designer, will replace him in the high-profile role that's one of the fashion industry's most coveted.
Jones, 44, was formerly menswear designer at Louis Vuitton, also of LVMH, and held his celebrity-filled swan song in January alongside models Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell.
OAKLAND, Calif. — Tampa Bay right-hander Nathan Eovaldi has not allowed a hit through six innings against Oakland in his first start since having a second Tommy John surgery.
Eovaldi has four strikeouts and 70 pitches. The only hitter to reach so far is Matt Chapman, who drew a one-out walk in the first inning.
Rays centre fielder Johnny Field made a diving catch on a sinking liner from Mark Canha in the third. Right fielder Carlos Gomez made a similar play to take a potential hit away from Chad Pinder in the sixth.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, he underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when he was a junior in high school.
With Meghan Markle's and Prince Harry's wedding nuptials right around the corner on May 19 at St George's Chapel, people are already wondering what kind of fashion will be involved on the big day and what the royal wedding dress code will be like. It's no secret that the royals have a ton of fashion and etiquette rules that they have to follow — like no hats are allowed after 6 p.m. because that's tiara time, or coats could never be taken off in public because the action is unladylike — so you can only imagine what the rules are like for an engagement like a royal wedding.
Let's just say there won't be too many experimental fashion choics or sequined mini dresses involved. The royal wedding is built around tradition and decorum, where many of the major customs used during the big day are over or nearly a hundred years old. From how the wedding band will look, to what is inside the royal bouquet, to the type of hats that will be pinned to women's heads, it all has a rich and interesting history — and the royals take the responsibility of upholding these traditions seriously. Check out some of the most interesting ones below, and see if you could spot them when you're watching the ceremony on the big day.
The Bridesmaids Have To Be Little Girls WPA Pool/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images Markle won't be following the American tradition of asking 14 of her closest friends to walk her down the aisle in matching empire waist dresses. Instead, it's tradition to have a legion of little girls who are related to the royal family be the bridesmaids, between the ages of 10 to 12. For her wedding, Kate Middleton used three-year-old Grace van Cutsem, who was Prince William's goddaughter, three-year-old Eliza Lopes, who was Camilla's granddaughter, and seven-year-old Lady Louise Windsor and eight-year-old Margarita Armstrong-Jones, who were both Prince William's cousins. Middleton did break with tradition, however, when she made her sister Pippa the oldest maid-of-honor in recent history, at the ripe old age of 27.
The Maid Of Honor Can't Have A Higher Rank WPA Pool/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images Even if Markle and Middleton became super close these past couple of months and Markle wanted her to be her Matron of Honor, she wouldn't be able to ask. There's a rule that a person of higher rank can't trail behind a commoner, as was evidenced when Pippa couldn't ask her own sister to be her Matron of Honor in her society wedding in 2017. "It's unbecoming for a member of the royal family to walk behind a commoner — which, as painful as that sounds and despite being directly related to Catherine, is what Pippa is," shared William Hanson, a British etiquette expert, to Cosmopolitan.
Hats Must Be Worn In Church Chris Jackson/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images Have you noticed all the playful, elaborate, and almost architectural hats English women tend to wear to royal weddings? It turns out that those are mandatory. Ladies have to dress appropriately to church, where they must cover their shoulders, wear appropriately-length dresses, and also cover their hair. Back in the 1800s everyone wore hats because it was a sign of modesty and respect, and then around the '60s the trend began to peter off — but not during major royal engagements, like a wedding ceremony. But why are the hats so elaborate? The reasoning is two-fold: The more festive they look, the happier you look for the couple getting married. And the more elaborate the design, the more expensive the accessory is, which shows your standing in society. The higher your rank, usually the quirkier your hat will be.
The Wedding Bouquet Must Contain Myrtle Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images Nicknamed the "herb of love," it's a royal tradition to include myrtle in the bridal bouquet, which was started in the 1800s when Queen Victoria married Prince Albert. After their wedding she planted the myrtle in their garden, and each royal bride since has carried a sprig from that bush in her own bouquet — everyone from Queen Elizabeth, to Princess Diana, to Kate Middleton.
The Groom's Outfit Will Probably Be Military Christopher Furlong/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images Starting with Prince Albert's wedding where he married Queen Victoria in 1840, the Prince stood at the alter in his full military garb. In the years since, royal grooms have come to the chapel wearing their military uniforms, including Prince Philip, who wore his naval commander uniform, Prince Charles, who wore his naval commander garb, and Prince William, who wore his Irish Guard Colonel uniform. Seeing how Prince Harry has completed two tours in Afghanistan and has been in the army for 10 years with the rank of Captain, he will most probably be showing up in his uniform, too.
The Wedding Ring Must Contain Welsh Gold Chris Jackson/Getty Images News/Getty Images A new-ish tradition, royal wedding rings have been made out of Welsh gold since 1923, when George VI and Elizabeth Bowes Lyon walked down the aisle together. (They are the parents of Queen Elizabeth.) For their nuptials the couple was gifted with a nugget of gold from a mine in North Wales, and the family has used the gold to make every wedding band since— from the Queen Mother's ring, to Queen Elizabeth's, to Princess Margaret's, to Princess Diana's, and Kate Middleton's.
The Dress Will Probably Be Made By A British Designers Oli Scarff/Getty Images News/Getty Images While not an official rule, it's customary for the royal bride to choose a British designer in order to celebrate local talent, as well as boost the country's economy by marketing their goods throughout the important day. The tradition started with Queen Victoria in 1840, when she broke with tradition and wore a white dress (she was one of the first to do it!) in order to better showcase the Honiton lace on the gown. The artisanal lace counties were dying off thanks to the Industrial Revolution, and the Queen knew that if she showcased their craftsmanship on her wedding day, it would be written about for months — which it had been. Queen Elizabeth followed suit by asking British designer Norman Hartnell to design her dress, Princess Diana enlisted Elizabeth Emanuel, and Middleton used Alexander McQueen.
Have Neutral Nail Polish Chris Jackson/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images You won't see Markle wearing a bold manicure on her wedding day — in fact, the only time she will be able to rock a bright nail polish color will be when she's spending time at home and not engaging in royal duties. Only natural-looking nails are allowed at official royal events, including giant wedding celebrations!
You Can't Wear Wedges Pool/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images This seems like an oddly specific rule, and it's around for no other reason than Queen Elizabeth simply doesn't like wedges. She doesn't like the look of them, and so she doesn't want to see 'em. Which is fair enough. "The Queen isn't a fan of wedged shoes. She really doesn't like them and it's well known among the women in the family," a royal source told Vanity Fair. So you can probably expect that there won't be a cork wedge in sight at St George's Chapel.
Members of the St. Joseph's School of Nursing class of 1968 will be back in Peterborough this weekend for their 50-year reunion.
Many activities are planned for the alumni, who are coming from across Canada and the United States.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A grieving mum has slammed a rail company for refusing to refund her dead son's £4,200 travel card.
Polly Paice has had to battle Southern Rail after her only son Chris died of lung cancer on March 12.
He bought an annual season ticket from Haywards Heath, West Sussex, to his job as a compliance officer at the Bank of Montreal in London, starting on January 1.
But the train operator insists it can only refund customers on the card used for the original purchase and Mrs Paice shut his bank account shortly after he died.
She first contacted Southern on March 18 - six days after her son, 43, passed away from the non-smoking related cancer and just two-and-a-half months after he was diagnosed.
(Photo: PA)
Since then she has been back and forth between the train company and Chris' bank, but Southern's head office have still not come up with an answer.
They sent Mrs Paice, 69, a letter in early April confirming they could offer a refund so she took the letter to Haywards Heath station.
She says staff there were "very helpful" but were forbidden to give refunds to any other card other than the one the purchase was originally made on.
She has since contacted the company five times about the situation and said it is unacceptable for families in mourning to have to fight for the money back.
Mrs Paice, of Lindfield, West Sussex, where her son also lived, said: "It's causing so much stress on top of what is already a very stressful time.
"I have had a total meltdown over it.
"We shut his account, as you are supposed to, after his death. There seems to be no way to get a refund if your relative has died.
"It's the blind stubbornness of it. I'm certain this must have happened before, yet Southern seem to have absolutely no policy to deal with it."
Mr Paice's travelcard was paid for via a season ticket loan from his company.
The Paice family were hoping to bypass probate for it and simply hand it back to his employer.
But even if Southern Rail did now refund the amount to his card, it would probably disappear into a banking black hole as the account number no longer exists.
Now Mrs Paice, Chris' girlfriend Alex Nortje, 38, and sister Vicki, 41, hope to force the franchise into a u-turn that gives grieving families more power over how refunds are issued.
She added: "We could do without it, having to come to terms with the loss of Chris and dealing with his estate and having to go back and forth.
"I don't want this to happen to other people. It's caused so much stress."
A spokeswoman for Southern said: "We are extremely sorry for the difficulty that Mrs Paice has encountered while trying to confirm a refund.
"We will be contacting Mrs Paice on Tuesday to resolve this."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Tesla's new Model 3 is taken for a test drive in Elysian Park on Jan. 12, 2018. (Mel Melcon/Los Angeles Times)
Tesla's Model 3 is the most highly anticipated car of the 21st century. It may be the most eagerly awaited car of all time.
More than 450,000 people put down $1,000 refundable deposits to reserve one of the “affordable” battery electric sedans after Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk unveiled the car and inaugurated the waiting list in March 2016. Since then, online forums and automotive news websites have breathlessly reported every Musk tweet, production delay or postponed delivery date.
Now the first Model 3s are rolling away from the Fremont, California, factory, and we were able to secure one for a long holiday weekend test drive.
So?
The Model 3, from its inception as Tesla's “mass-market vehicle,” promised the transportation trifecta of long range, low cost and high performance. The 3 was to be sporty, silent and quick, and emit zero pollutants, while going at least 200 miles on a charge and costing less than $35,000 before incentives.
Many people assumed it would include Tesla's technologically sophisticated Autopilot driver assist software (it doesn't — customers have to purchase an upgrade) and be fully rechargeable in less than an hour through Tesla's now-nationwide “Supercharger” network (it is, but Model 3 owners won't have free access to the network as Model S and X owners do).
Some certainly hoped they would be driving their $35,000 models 3s by now, but they can't because the entry-level cars aren't being built yet: Tesla is producing only the fully loaded 3s at this time. The one we drove costs $57,500.
On its actual promises, the Model 3 delivers — mostly.
The sleek midsize sedan, in its base model, is powered by a lithium-ion battery, attached to a permanent magnet motor, that will accelerate the rear-wheel-drive car from zero to 60 mph in 5.6 seconds to a top speed of 130 mph.
That battery pack is capable of running up to 220 miles between charges and can be recharged at the rate of 130 miles of range per half-hour at one of Tesla's Supercharger stations — or at the rate of about 30 miles per hour from a 240-volt system.
The upgraded battery pack — which adds $9,000 to the base price — can move the 3 from zero to 60 in 5.1 seconds, and up to 140 mph. Its range is 310 miles between charges, with a Supercharger recharge rate of 170 miles of range per half-hour, or 37 miles per hour from a 240-volt system.
The 3s are warrantied for four years or 50,000 miles. The standard battery comes with an eight-year, 100,000-mile warranty; the upgraded system is guaranteed for eight years and 120,000 miles.
Compared with the S and X, the 3's acceleration rates are slow. Compared with most other $35,000 sedans, they are impressive. The four-door, five-passenger Model 3, weighing in at a reported 3,549 pounds (3,814 with the long-range battery), jets from corner to corner like a much lighter vehicle.
From a full stop around town or from cruising speed on the freeway, the sedan streaks smoothly and stealthily, gaining ground with virtually no sound or vibration. The car's regenerative braking function allows for a lot of single pedal driving, as taking pressure off the accelerator forces the car to slow almost to a stop.
On the outside, the 3's strong belt and hip lines echo the styling of its bigger Model S and Model X siblings. The face is friendly but, like Hello Kitty, it has no mouth — needing no grille to suck in air to cool an internal combustion engine.
The roofline is an elegant arch, French-curving from the windshield to the trunk lid in one clean line. Door handles, as on the S and X, are sunk flush into the body. But unlike the S and X, there is no exterior badging, except for the now-recognizable Tesla T. Only on the rocker panels, when the doors swing open, do the words “Model 3” appear.
The inside may be the vehicle's most dramatic feature. Textile seat covers — leather on the premium package — wrap extremely comfortable driver and passenger perches. The use of glass instead of metal and fabric for the roof material allows for excellent headroom and a sense of airy openness. Three full-sized adults can fit snugly in the rear seats, which offer adequately good legroom.
The rear seats fold flat too, which creates a really roomy trunk — in addition to the front trunk “frunk” space under the hood.
The dashboard attracts considerable attention — because there isn't one. Gone are standard dash gauges like speedometer and tachometer, along with the usual readouts for oil pressure and water temperature. Gone too are the standard dials and knobs, and the vents for heating and AC.
Instead, the dash line is one long “air blade.” All the vehicle information normally relayed through dashboard dials is contained in a single, centrally mounted, 15-inch touch-screen display.
She Wants To “Close Down Planned Parenthood And Deport The Dreamers”: NBC's Law & Order: SVU Depicts Sickening Rape Of Female Conservative Journalist Whose Attacker Goes Free by Alex Thomas – SHTFPlan
While most conservative Americans are aware of the fact that both Hollywood and the mainstream media outright hate them, NBC has taken it to a whole new level with a recent episode of their highly popular police procedural Law & Order: SVU depicting the violent rape of a conservative journalist whose attacker is eventually let go.
In what is essentially a liberal rape fantasy, the show follows conservative personality Martha Cobb who is seen delivering a speech to a crowd of Trump supporters, depicted as racists of course, that rips liberal snowflakes and their politically correct views.
Cobb's speech is cut short when a gang of Antifa protesters shows up and begins to clash with the mob of white supremacists. As the violence amps up, Cobb disappears only to reappear in a later scene unconscious in an alley after being beaten and raped by one of the hard-left protesters.
Shockingly, the show then depicts the NYPD detectives tasked with investigating the horrific crime debating Cobb's political views as if they somehow mattered in deciding whether or not Cobb deserved the attack and whether her attacker should be brought to justice.
The detectives “argue” whether or not Cobb's opposition to Planned Parenthood and her position on so-called Dreamers led to the attack.
The openly liberal detectives eventually catch the Antifa member responsible for the sexual assault who used a protest sign to “mutilate” Cobb. Cobb not only points out the attacker in a police lineup, his DNA is also found under her fingernails.
Cased closed? Not in the sick world that is liberal Hollywood as the show wouldn't be complete without a fake white supremacist leader being blamed for the entire thing.
Sadly, in this brave new world that is liberal identity politics, the hate for conservatives runs so deep that NBC felt the need to insert a fake alt-right leader into the show which somehow confuses the case to the point that Cobb's OWN LAWYER literally gives up and calls for her attacker to be let free.
Interestingly, the fictional female conservative journalist seems to strongly resemble at least two different actual conservative women who have both been highly critical of Antifa while being viciously attacked in the mainstream media.
In an article about the episode, Infowars points to multiple clues that seem to indicate that the sexual assault victim in the show is based on their own reporter, Millie Weaver. Keep in mind that the title of the episode is literally the name of the website that Weaver works for.
NBC's Law & Order: SVU aired an episode titled “Info Wars” that slanders Trump supporters and depicts the rape of a conservative journalist by an Antifa protester. The episode, released on Jan. 31, begins at the fictional Hudson University where conservative activist Martha Cobb, who is a direct knockoff of Infowars' Millie Weaver, is speaking to a MAGA hat-wearing crowd holding Pepe and “CNN is ISIS” signs when a mob of Antifa demonstraters attacks her, cutting the speech short. […] From titling the show “Info Wars,” to placing signs reading “CNN is ISIS,” (an Infowars slogan) to mimicking Infowars reporter Millie Weaver, there is little doubt that NBC is demonizing the nation's leading independent media outlet.
For their part, Breitbart News seems to believe that the female conservative portrayed in the show is actually based on pundit Ann Coulter, a claim that was seemingly backed up by the shows own writer.
NBC police procedural Law & Order: SVU depicted the gruesome rape of a fictional conservative pundit, who eerily resembles author Ann Coulter, in Wednesday's politically charged episode titled Info Wars. […] On Wednesday, SVU writer Robert B. Cohen responded to a tweet by Ann Coulter. “Timely. #InfoWars,” Cohen wrote in response to Coulter's tweet about a California city government's vote to remove a Christopher Columbus statue from city hall.
That's right, a writer for the show, Robert Cohen, actually CONFIRMED that the episode was about Coulter while claiming that it was “timely” because Coulter is protesting illegal immigration just as the episode came out.
Or, in other words, Cohen just publicly admitted that the episode is based on a sick fantasy that involves conservative women being sexual assaulted for their political beliefs. (Cohen himself is a hardcore anti-Trump propagandist)
To top it off, other actresses who worked on the episode are actually applauding the show for publishing a liberal rape fantasy targeting conservatives.
“Below is an example of Infowars reporter Millie Weaver covering a violent Antifa protest.”
Source Link – SHTFPlan
Sharing is caring!
Congratulations!
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time.
MLB general managers tend to have the most success when they strike while the iron is hot. When a potential move is on the table, you never want to hang onto a player and hope you can get more value for him at a later date. That's a lesson Pittsburgh Pirates general manager Neal Huntington likely learned with Andrew McCutchen the past couple of years.
It's also a lesson he may learn with Josh Harrison.
Too many things can happen to lower a player's value, most notably injuries and slumps.
With the trade deadline less than a month away now, Huntington may have blown his best chance to get maximum value for Harrison.
Harrison was coming off an all-star season in 2017 and judging by his history, this past offseason was the time to move him.
Judging by history, Harrison, for one reason or another, has never been able to put two back-to-back big seasons together.
After his all-star campaign of 2014, which saw him post a career high .847 OPS, he regressed as that OPS dropped to .717 in 2015 and .699 in 2016.
Harrison bounced back last year with a solid season that saw him slash .272/.339/.432.
I often wrote to be very cautious of another downturn for Harrison this season and he's done exactly that, hitting just .261/.297/.360 on the season.
His OBP and SLG are terrible and his .656 OPS is on pace for a career low.
Harrison went from a 5.5 WAR player in 2014 to 1.8 in 2015, 1.9 in 2016 and 3.3 last season.
He's currently a 0.1 WAR guy.
Harrison wanted out in the offseason and if Huntington had been honest with himself and the quality of product on the field, moving Harrison then would have been the smart move.
Huntington shopped him, but also overshot in his asking price. While Huntington may have been hurt somewhat by the slow offseason, had he been aggressive shopping Harrison, he likely would have found a deal somewhere.
So now what does Huntington do with a guy who has hit just .240/.255/.320 in 108 plate appearances since June 1?
Obviously the goal is to move Harrison, but the return won't be nearly as good as it would have been in the offseason. And you can't bank on Harrison bouncing back next season and hoping you get more. That didn't work this time around.
Keeping Harrison around and picking up his 2019 team option of $10.5 million (he also has a 2020 team option of $11.5 million) doesn't quite make sense either.
Harrison would just be blocking Kevin Kramer and Kramer, or even guys like Max Moroff or Adam Frazier can be at least 0.1 WAR players and they come much cheaper.
By not moving Harrison in the offseason, Huntington is in a tough spot.
His options are taken whatever you can get for a struggling player at the deadline or keep him and have him block one of your up and coming middle infielders.
There's always the option of a buyout in the offseason, but I don't see the Pirates going down that road.
As much as it makes sense to deal Harrison, along with every other veteran on this team, don't be surprised if he is shopped but not dealt.
Unless a hot streak comes in a hurry, it's hard to deal struggling players and get the type of return that Huntington always wants. Don't be surprised if he is looking for a top five prospect and more for Harrison.
At the end of the day, the window on a good return for Harrison may have already closed.
With each bat at bat Harrison has that see his numbers plummet, his trade value is also plummeting in the process.
Millwall boss Neil Harris claimed his side “dealt with a physical test” in Monday's 2-2 draw at AFC Wimbledon.
Aiden O'Brien opened the scoring early on in the early kick-off at Kingsmeadow, but the Lions were almost immediately pegged back by hotshot Lyle Taylor.
Steve Morison nudged Millwall back in front before half-time, but Tom Elliott ensured a share of the spoils by heading home early in the second half.
Harris was pleased with his players after picking up a 10th point in 12 over the festive period, but was disappointed with the manner in conceding both goals.
“It was a physical game, a fast game – everything that I expected,” he said. “It was a challenging game. We had to deal with a lot of physicality, a lot of balls into our box.
“It's been a great effort from the boys [to get 10 points out of 12]. It's not just about the starting 11, it's about everybody. The squad is competitive, the squad push each other.
“It was a tough decision today whether to stick with the same team or make changes – I decided to stick with the same team because they deserved it. Over the course of the period, I'm really pleased.”
“[Aiden and Steve] showed their quality with the goals. There was a lot of scrappy play – it wasn't a classic – but it was similar to our game against Gillingham where there were a lot of second ball restarts.
“I don't think we necessarily bossed both boxes, but that comes down to Wimbledon's size and presence.”
In a tough afternoon for both sides, referee Nigel Miller had to be on hand numerous times to bring order to proceedings.
Harris would not be drawn to criticising the officiating, but stated that his side were “hard done by.”
“If you look at the decision count, it's gone hugely against us. I won't be drawn into saying too much about the referee, but it's safe to say myself, the players and the fans felt a little bit hard done by.”
Millwall now take a break from the league to compete in the FA Cup against AFC Bournemouth – that's a game that the manager is looking forward to, but he already has one eye on returning to League One action at Charlton on January 14.
“We've got to carry this form into the New Year. We have a welcome distraction of the FA Cup this weekend, but then we're back into the deep end at Charlton.
“We have to make the most of the recent success we've had and the points total we've gained.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City are one of three clubs said to be in talks with former Ipswich Town striker David McGoldrick.
The 30-year-old is available on a free transfer, just six months after the Tractor Boys slapped a £500,000 asking price on him.
Here is all you need to know about the Robins target.
Record
(Image: Getty)
McGoldrick has a solid, if unspectacular, goal record.
He began his career with Notts County as a 16-year-old before moving to Southampton for an undisclosed fee, returning back to the Magpies on loan. He subsequently spent time at Bournemouth, where he netted six times in 12 games, before spending 2007/08 on loan at Port Vale, netting twice in 17 games in League One.
His breakthrough year at the Saints came the following season, where he netted 12 times in 46 matches in a Saints side that were relegated, and he earned a £1m move to Nottingham Forest.
He was not a regular scorer for Forest, however, netting three times in 33 games in his first season and five in 21 in his second. He spent part of 2011/12 on loan at Sheffield Wednesday before really finding his form the following season at Coventry City, netting 16 in 22 matches.
A move to Ipswich Town in January 2013 followed, and he netted 14 in 31 in his first full season at Portman Road.
It was the most he scored for the Tractor Boys in a season, netting totals of four, five and four in the following campaigns.
Style of play
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
McGoldrick is known as being a skillful player who is creative and good on the ball, meaning he is a good foil to play alongside.
His prolific time at Bournemouth earned him praise, with captain Steve Fletcher being very impressed.
Fletcher said: "Dave's a great outlet for the team. He's got pace, he can get in behind defenders and can run all day. He's skillful and he's got all the attributes. Dave's been a revelation for us in the past few weeks and certainly played his part in helping us pick up a few crucial wins.
"He's been good for me because he gets on the end of my flicks, but he's also been really good for the team because he works so hard running the channels.
"When you've got someone like Dave running on to balls 70 or 80 yards up the pitch, it helps the defence and the midfield and really takes the pressure off."
The East Anglian Daily Times described him as: "On his day, one of the best players in the league, but he's been blighted by injury problems in recent seasons."
Injuries
(Image: Getty)
The biggest concern over signing McGoldrick is his injury record - he has played over 30 games in a season just three times in his career.
Recently, he was ruled out of action for four months in the second half of the 2015/16 season after struggling with niggling injuries in the first half of the campaign.
Last season, he picked up a groin injury that kept him out of action after February.
International career
Nottingham-born McGoldrick has played for the Republic of Ireland.
He was unsure if he was able to play for Martin O'Neill's side due to the fact he was adopted, but he researched his ancestors and got in contact with his birth mother, who revealed her father was irish.
McGoldrick has made six appearances for Ireland.
GIVEN the Lib Dems pride themselves on being a broad church, it's ironic that Tim Farron felt he could not be leader while staying true to his personal beliefs as a strong Christian.
However his position effectively became untenable when former police chief Brian Paddick, the party's openly gay home affairs spokesman, resigned citing “concerns about the leader's views on various issues”. This question of morals is another blow to a party in danger of losing its political compass; a handful of gains in last week's election could not mask a far wider loss of support.
YORKSHIRE'S Rochelle Morris and Olivia Winning will both face Swedish opposition in the first round of match play in the Ladies' British Open Amateur Championship at Pyle & Kenfig in South Wales.
Woodsome Hall's Morris shot rounds of 74 73 in stroke play qualifying and will face Linnea Johansson for a place in the last 32.
Rotherham's Winning added a 77 to her opening 72 and plays Maja Stark.
Johansson shot the same scores as Morris while Stark qualified in fifth place with rounds of 72 69.
Morris was two under par through 14 holes in her second round before some late slips.
Winning also dropped shots toward the end of her round, but both will be encouraged by the fact they each had seven birdies during qualifying.
Such golf augurs well for the match play stages.
Former President Bush Health Update
Houston, TX (WOLO) — An update on former President George H.W. Bush.
The former commander in Chief has been in intensive care since the day after his wife, Barbara was laid to rest.
Tuesday a family spokesperson says the President has since stabilized and is awake, alert and talking.
The 93-year-old was admitted to the Houston Methodist Hospital Sunday morning after contracting an infection that spread to his blood.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kevin Spacey is now under investigation for six sexual assaults in London after three more men came forward with allegations.
The Oscar-winning actor is being probed by the Metropolitan Police after the alleged victims said they too were abused between 1996 to 2008.
Spacey is already under investigation for four separate claims in both the United Kingdom and the States.
Officers from Scotland Yard's Child Abuse and Sexual Offences team began an investigation in January when an alleged victim went to police claiming he “American Beauty” star sexually assaulted him in Westminster in 2005.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: WireImage)
Detectives were already investigating two similar complaints before that. There is also an active criminal investigation in Massachusetts involving a then 18-year-old male.
Police began probing the new claims in February when two men approached them to report two separate attacks, one in Gloucester in 2013, and another in Lambeth in 2008.
Another was added in April when one alleged went to police in April claiming Spacey, 58, assaulted him in Westminster in 1996.For several years the Hollywood star had long made the UK his home, as he served as the artistic director of the famed Old Vic theatre from 2004 to 2015.
Bosses there have since admitted to having received 20 allegations of inappropriate behaviour during Spacey's tenure.
(Image: PA)
Other then the official police probes, Los Angeles County prosecutors are looking into claims he carried out another assault in October 1992 in West Hollywood, and involved an adult male.
Former Boston news anchor Heather Unruh her son is the subject of the criminal investigation in Massachusetts after he allegedly grabbed her teenage son's genitals at a Nantucket club in 2016.
Allegations against Spacey first surfaced in October, when actor Anthony Rapp claimed the actor made an unwanted sexual advance toward him when he was just 14.
It led to the star outing himself as being gay while offering Rapp his “sincerest apology” in a statement.
He also said he couldn't remember the incident and said he must have been “deeply drunk”.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
After the claims were made Spacey was fired from his Netflix series “House of Cards,” and has remained under the radar as similar allegations have come to light.
Last night Scotland Yard refused to confirm Spacey was under further investigation.
Spacey has refused to comment on the allegations made against him London.
South Korea's Navy has completed the development of new tactical ship-to-ground guided missiles which would enhance its ability to strike North Korea's key military facilities, the country's arms procurement agency said Tuesday.
South Korea will start mass-producing the missiles with two types of launch systems -- inclined and vertical -- next year after a seven-year project led by the Agency for Defense Development, according to the Defense Acquisition Program Administration.
A ship-to-ground guided missile streaks into the sky during a test launch. (Defense Acquisition Program Administration)
The missiles have met all the required operational capabilities in a recent test for use by next-generation frigates, it added.The shrapnel of the missiles' warhead can penetrate armored vehicles and destroy an area with the size of two football fields at a shot, the agency said.The nation's warships have largely depended on anti-ship or anti-aircraft guided missiles. But the successful development of the new missile will upgrade its capability to attack ground targets.Especially, ship-to-ground missiles with a vertical launch platform that can be used by various naval ships will be operational beginning in 2019."(South Korea) has become able to strike from sea not only the enemy's major bases on the ground but also core facilities, including those related to ballistic missile launches," said Lee Sang-moon, head of the DAPA's guided weapon development team.The new missile will serve as key maritime equipment for the military's Kill Chain pre-emptive strike system against North Korea's provocations, he added. (Yonhap)
When Lynn Wyatt, the grand dame of Houston society, visited the Oscar de la Renta retrospective last year at San Francisco's de Young museum, she felt it was high time to bring the work of her late friend to Texas.
Wyatt, who is a life trustee at the Museum of Fine Arts Houston, urged the institution's director Gary Tinterow to view the Bay Area installation before it closed. “I was deeply impressed,” explained Tinterow. “I quickly realized Oscar de la Renta's beautiful dresses meant something to people.”
“The Glamour and Romance of Oscar de la Renta” makes its debut with a gala reception at MFA this week ahead of its public opening on Sunday. The exhibition will feature nearly 70 ensembles from the de la Renta archives, the museum's own holdings, the archives of Pierre Balmain and loaned pieces from some of the label's top clients.
Curated by André Leon Talley, who also worked on the de Young installation, the Houston exhibit features day- and eveningwear and differs significantly from that of earlier offerings, with some never-before-seen pieces.
“We have the great Amal Clooney's wedding dress, which is the last wedding dress that Oscar designed before he died,” explained Talley by phone from Houston.
“It's on loan from Mrs. Clooney, but we have been very anxious to have that dress for so long,” continued the former Vogue editor at large, who had a close friendship with the designer. “We wanted it [in San Francisco], but Mrs. Clooney reached me through her assistant to say that she felt it was too early to have her dress in an exhibit after she married [George Clooney].”
Calling the acquisition of the lace bridal gown a “diplomatic summit,” Talley noted other key pieces include loans from Beyoncé (a Houston native), Annette de la Renta and, of course, Wyatt.
“He had such great taste and en plus, he was a fabulous dancer,” recalled Wyatt in her enthusiastic drawl. “Women appreciated that he made them look beautiful and to do that, you have to have a beautiful dress.”
For Wyatt, the Bayou City was a fitting choice for this type of show. “The ladies of Houston appreciate beautiful clothes and like to dress up as opposed to other cities where they think it's putting yourself out there too much. This is the best place to celebrate him,” she said.
Works from the Sixties to the designer's 2014 death will be on display until the end of January in rooms that are organized around themes that resonated with de la Renta throughout his life. These inspirations include his native Spain, the Far and Middle East, his love of gardens and a magnificent client list.
The MFAH will also draw from its collection of paintings and furniture to contextualize the pieces in environments in which the designer often intended them to be worn. “He knew his clients — he knew what kind of china they ate off of,” said Talley. “It's important to know he lived with the people he dressed. They had a certain kind of world, [which was] appropriate and elegant.”
Cindi Strauss, the museum's director of decorative arts and design, worked to reassemble de la Renta's world with each of the exhibition's thematic rooms. “Oscar himself was a collector so we looked for works of art that [would have] resonated with his own personal interest,” she explained.
A large double portrait of two women in a garden by Sir Joshua Reynolds, 17th-century Chinese cabinets, 18th-century benches and another garden scene by French painter Nicolas Lancret will be seen alongside de la Renta's designs.
“It could be the color of the dress that goes next to the painting to suggest a very romantic moment,” remarked Talley.
De la Renta's costume jewelry is being utilized to illustrate his aesthetic. “There are so many different kinds of moods to the jewelry, so we try to make the rings, broaches, bracelets match the clothes as much as possible,” said Talley.
As curators worked this summer to assemble the pieces, news of Hurricane Harvey's destructive path sent museum staff into emergency mode — but fortunately, the museum suffered only minor external damage.
With portions of Houston and much of its surrounding area rebuilding after August's devastating storm, Talley sees this opening as a welcome diversion for the city. “[The people of Houston] are ready for an optimistic party,” he said. “They're upbeat and I don't feel a sense of any kind of depression.
“It's about beauty — a celebration of this great man's life and I think it's quite inspiring and wonderful,” he added.
Mamelodi Sundowns opened up a seven point lead after a brilliant goal from Khama Billiat settled a controversy-ladened top of the table clash at hosts Cape Town City on Friday night.
Percy Tau's forceful run down the left hand side two minutes into the second half and then exquisite chip over the goalkeeper set up Billiat, who responded with an equally stunning full volley to give Sundowns a 1-0 win that might prove crucial in their bid to regain their championship title.
It ended a run of three successive defeats against City, who remain second but suffered a major dent in their championship hopes.
Referee Victor Gomes again picked an important match to try and steal the spotlight with two sendings offs as he looked to inflame, rather than cool, the tempers – he sent Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane to the stands and in the last minute booked Robyn Johannes and then dismissed him for back chat.
He should also have possibly sent off Denis Onyango for a cluttering challenge on Thabo Nodada that knocked the hardworking City midfielder out of the rest of the game.
Sundowns looked to start brightly but it did not take City long to come out of their shells and from around the quarter-hour mark they were running the game with Teko Modise and Roland Putsche controlling the midfield and winger Craig Martin burning up the pitch with his pace.
Using the left wing in particular, with Edmilson and Lyle Lakay pushing forward regularly, they kept finding space and catching put Sundowns but heavy touches meant they created only half chances.
Mosimane was sent off in the 28th minute for protesting a decision by Gomes to penalize Tebogo Langerman for shoulder charge on Martin.
Gomes reacted far too quickly for a dismissal that seemed ridiculously charge band again asked questions about the referee's ability to handle matches of this nature and intensity.
He was shaping to also send off Onyango as he came out and cluttered into Ndoda, in the closing stages of the first half, but eventually only gave him a yellow when a dismissal seemed more fitting. Nodada suffered a cut, which required 20 stitches, and could play no further part after a wild challenge by the Sundowns goalkeeper.
The goal changed the complexion as Sundowns then showed their experience in managing the second half even if City still had the best of possession.
It was a goal deserved of winning any match and might well be the one that sets Sundowns on their way to the title.
Parents are outraged and an investigation is underway after a math homework assignment for second graders used slavery as its setting during Black History Month.
NBC News Los Angeles reports the Los Angeles United School District is taking administrative measures against a teacher who gave a word problem to 7-year-olds that featured slaves, cotton picking, “masters,” “the missus,” and the “Big House.”
The math problem read: “The master needed 192 slaves to work on [a] plantation in the cotton fields. The fields could fill 75 bags of cotton. Only 96 slaves were able to pick cotton that day. The missus needed them in the Big House to prrepare [sic] for the Annual Picnic. How many more slaves are needed in the cotton fields?”
Yes, you read that grammatically incorrect math problem correctly. Five words: What was that teacher thinking?
Kelly Gray was made aware of the math assignment on Feb. 8 after her 7-year-old daughter asked for help with it. Needless to say, she wasn't having it, calling it culturally insensitive.
“When I read it, I immediately told her she would not complete that assignment,” Gray recalls to the outlet. “It's definitely disturbing using terms like ‘plantation,' ‘master' … My daughter doesn't know what these things mean.”
After Gray shared the assignment on social media (and found that other students received the same assignment), District Superintendent Michelle King released a statement which said there would be an investigation.
“L.A. Unified is committed to providing a safe, welcoming, nurturing and secure learning environment for our students. All employees are expected to treat students with respect. The District takes this matter seriously, is investigating it and will take appropriate administrative measures,” the statement read.
Windsor Hills, labeled a “gifted and talented” school is located in the predominantly and historically black area of Los Angeles of the same name. More than 85 percent of the students at the school identify as African American.
The teacher who gave the assignment has not been identified.
“Someone could have said, ‘No! Are we really giving this assignment?‘” asked Karol Gray, the 7-year-old's grandmother. “I can't image a month of any year of any era when this would be appropriate.”
She adds, “I don't believe anybody was intentionally being malicious, but nobody was being cautious.”
SOURCE: NBC News 4, Los Angeles
SEE ALSO:
Yale To Drop Slavery Advocates' Name From Residential College
Man Grows Cotton In Harlem To Teach Kids About Slavery
Also On The Chicago Defender:
A tree surgeon has been killed on a leafy affluent street after his neck was injured in a horrific chainsaw accident.
The man, in his 30s, was working in Bermondsey, when he suffered a grievous neck injury. He was pronounced dead at the scene.
Witnesses reported seeing “a lot of blood” after the incident, around 11am.
Miles Marvin tweeted: “Second life threatening accident I've seen at Four Squares Bermondsey in a year.
“Poor man come to earn some money and won't even make it home tonight.
“Tree surgeon had a serious accident, not sure of what actually happened but I saw a lot of blood.”
A Metropolitan Police spokesman said: “Police were called to Banyard Road in Bermondsey, at 11:11hrs on Wednesday, 15 February to reports of an injured man.
“Officers, the London Ambulance Service and London's Air Ambulance attended.
“A man, believed to be in his 30s, suffered a neck injury. He was pronounced dead at the scene.
“Next of kin have been informed.
“This is believed to be a workplace accident and the Health and Safety Executive will be informed in due course.”
London Ambulance Service sent a Hazardous Area Response Team but were sadly unable to save him.
A London Ambulance Service spokesperson said: “We were called at 11.07am today to reports of an incident at an address on Banyard Road, SE16.
“We sent an ambulance crew, a single responder in a car, a paramedic on a motorcycle, an incident response officer and our Hazardous Area Response Team to the scene. We also dispatched London's Air Ambulance.
“Sadly, despite the extensive efforts of our crews, a patient died at the scene.”
The school, whose pupils were on half-term, was empty at the time.
The segment included birthday and half-birthday announcements, the weather and the awarding of the Golden Dustpan for cleanest classroom. For their Talking Books segment, Amberson and Spencer reviewed "Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH."
The kids work under the supervision of media specialist Bay Shock and reading specialist Peggy Rollins. Other fifth-graders rotate into the crew each month.
Preparation is the key to doing a good show, Spencer said.
"The transitions are the hardest part," Kleinheinz, said.
"It's pretty easy unless you drop the cue cards," Casner said.
State Lines: Joseph Rios' ‘Nocturnes'
Photo: Amy Haberland Joseph Rios
Joseph Rios' nocturne sequence functions like three movements in a ballet. What's unusual about this ballet is Rios' choice of subject matter: police officers who neglect (or willfully ignore) their oath to serve and protect our citizens of color. The building drama in the poem's first two sections reveals an intimate choreography “between bullet and flesh.” Rios' grisly details are designed to shock us to reality. And hopefully to action. Since the poem argues we can't address the problem of extrajudicial killings until we first recognize and say aloud the victims' names, let's acknowledge some of them here: Philando Castile, Walter Scott, Michael Brown Jr., Oscar Grant, Stephon Clark, Tamir Rice.
Nocturnes
After a series of extra-judicial killings
(a ballet)
#1 Intimo
An officer's curled finger conducts the choreographed
dance between bullet and flesh. These are not the strokes
of an assassin, they say, but a series of intimacies
between author and subject, no more than instructions in
the pointed manners of waltz-step, palm pressed to palm,
gliding through a city's most untended streets.
#2 À terre
Fear not, they say, the blood is just. The blood-letting is just.
The bleeding is just the lengthening of our shadow
and the release of its whispers. The beads puddle and pool over
the grains of warmed concrete while the secrets flee a widened orifice
in the face. What's left spills onto the street in a tone heard best in
the revelatory light of day. You are left to be discovered.
You are what is found there. Already bonded with the soil,
a coroner carelessly spills an utterance of your name.
Say that name. And then, say this name. Say hers. Say his.
#3 Allegro Brillante
We'll call it child's play in the hollow husk of night. Watch
how it's cracked open and we skate along the insides,
revolving like white walled tires knowing too well that the bullets,
the ones being hammered from their chambers, the bullets
loosed from their violent recoiling steel and gunpowder bursts,
the bullets with their rhythmic blasts and their ignition,
the bullets, anonymous as they are, shout a list of new names.
“Nocturnes” appears with the permission of the author. All rights reserved.
Joseph Rios has been a janitor, gardener and packinghouse supervisor. His first book, “Shadowboxing: poems & impersonations,” was published last fall by Omnidawn Publishing. He lives in Los Angeles.
David Roderick is the author of the poetry collections “Blue Colonial” and “The Americans.” He is co-founder of Left Margin Lit: A Home for the Literary Arts, in Berkeley.
Sometimes, hitting a major birthday can be a milestone, a turning point in one's life.
We've all heard of the old "life begins at 40" adage" and there are many people who dread turning 30, fearing that they are leaving their wilder days behind them and having to finally do sensible and serious things like buying homes, babies and marriage.
Scots singer Amy Macdonald, who is hitting the highways and byways of Britain for her latest tour, has just notched up that 30th milestone.
So was it a reason to celebrate or comiserate?
"Turning 30 wasn't a big deal for me at all," she said. "In fact, It sort of brought an end to my first ten years in the business very neatly.
"It is ten years since my first album and just after my birthday, I found out that my sales have reached twelve million worldwide - so my memories of turning 30 are extremely happy!"
Her fourth album Under Stars was released earlier this year.
Amy is hoping for more of that happiness when she arrives in our region on November 5. She'll be appearing at Scunthorpe's Baths Hall in support of her fourth and latest album Under Stars - a quite appropriate title seeing as outside the venue, the skies will be filled with the bright lights of Bonfire Night.
She's understandably pleased with the album which was released to great critical acclaim earlier this year.
"I'm looking forward to getting out there and playing live again," she said.
"The new tour is an acoustic tour - I've done so many shows over the years where I've done a little acoustic set and it has always gone down so well I wanted to expand on that."
"Playing songs acoustically means interpreting and playing them in a whole different way, so the process of rehearsing and getting ready can often be a lot more complex than an ordinary tour.
"For me, acoustic shows have a magical feeling. Smaller, intimate venues and a chance to play songs that mean something to me and the people listening to them. I'm really looking forward to it."
Since first bursting onto the music scene back in 2007 with songs such as Mr Rock 'n' Roll and This Is The Life, the Bishopbriggs-born star has enjoyed worldwide success and met with the approval of critics across the globe.
She's rubbed shoulders with Ellen DeGeneres in the US, played a string of festivals, appeared on TV countless times and enjoyed number ones internationally.
And she's also worked alongside Kinks legend Ray Davies, is engaged to Scottish Premier League footballer Richard Foster and has collected a clutch of awards.
Not bad for a wee Scots lassie who heard Travis performing their song Turn at T In The Park in 2000 and decided that she'd like to play it herself and so ended up teaching herself to play her dad's guitar at the age of 12.
But the trappings of fame don't come without some drawbacks.
The fiercely proud Glasgow girl and a fan of Rangers, is no longer able to attend games at her beloved football club - especially Old Firm derbies against the club's deadly city rivals Celtic.
She said: "I tend to stay away from the Old Firm games, they tend to be a little bit crazy. It is difficult to go to places like that, because people can recognise you and it can become a bit uncomfortable."
The schedule of touring and soundchecking also means she doesn't get much beyond the venue she's playing at - which can be another frustration.
"Sometimes you are at the venue from 8am but not actually on stage until 9pm so there's a lot of waiting around. But you are needed for setting up and the soundcheck so It's difficult to go anywhere. I grab a coffee and go for a quick wander around and that's about it!"
But she wouldn't have it any other way.
She's looking forward to getting out there once again and presenting her new album as well as the rich collection of guitar folk-tinged classics from her impressive back catalogue.
"People seem really excited and we're really looking forward to it.
"It should be a really great atmosphere We'll be playing some of my best-loved songs - it will be a mix of all four of my albums, so there will be something for everyone."
Of her latest album Under Stars, she said: "It's been about 2 and a half years in the making which is the longest I've ever taken with an album. At the time I wanted things to happen quicker but now that it's finished I'm glad we've taken the time; it feels like it's had the TLC that it deserves.”
Amy added: “I feel so proud of the songs and am so pleased with the record. There are so many incredible moments and I really feel this record features some of my best work. I'm excited to finally share it with my fans and I believe there is so much that will also appeal to new fans."
* Amy Macdonald plays Scunthorpe Baths Hall on November 5. Tickets are on sale now at http://www.amymacdonald.co.uk/
The Bill Evans Trio Plays With Spontaneity And Grace On 'Another Time' In 1968, jazz pianist Bill Evans led a trio with Jack DeJohnette and Eddie Gomez. They spent five weeks in Europe; a newly unearthed concert recording catches them live in a Dutch radio studio.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal have drawn Swedish side Ostersunds in the last 32 of the Europa League.
The Gunners progressed as winners from Group H, above Red Star, who finished as runners-up, and Cologne and BATE.
The first leg, at the Jamtkraft Arena, will be played on February 15, while the return leg at Emirates will be contested on February 22.
Arsene Wenger's side have used the competition so far to blood some of their youngsters and fringe starters to good effect.
(Image: REUTERS)
But as the competition toughens, Wenger could opt to pick stronger sides, which could come at the expense of a title push or top four challenge.
Though the lure of a Champions League place in next year's group stage, and the glory of winning the trophy, may prove too much to resist.
From high heating bills to “hallway medicine,” Doug Ford said the province has suffered under the Liberals and that the Progressive Conservative party — which he wants to lead — must “present Ontarians with a compassionate and responsible vision.” He also told the hundreds of supporters Saturday night at Toronto's Congress Centre as he launched his leadership bid that he does not support the carbon tax — a key part of the party's platform that provides the funding for it. And, returning to a familiar Ford theme, he said that he “is the only candidate that will save you money and keep your taxes low.” Urging those in attendance to become PC members, Ford told them “the stakes have never been higher.” The crowd loudly jeered and booed each time the Liberals or Premier Kathleen Wynne were mentioned. Ford, who served a term on city council, was the first to publicly declare his candidacy for PC leader, holding a press conference in the basement of his mother's Etobicoke home.
Article Continued Below
Meanwhile, former MPP Christine Elliott tweeted “I'm in,” on Thursday afternoon. Caroline Mulroney and Rod Phillips, neither of whom have held public office, are also expected to soon announce their intentions for the March 10 leadership contest. Speaking to reporters, Ford said he has been in touch with Elliott — a family friend who he said he has great respect for — and wished her well.
The Tory party has been mired in chaos following the resignation of Patrick Brown, who, in a CTV report was accused of sexual impropriety with two young women when he was a federal member of parliament. He has said there is no truth to the allegations. He faces no charges. While the PC party has said all candidates need to support the “People's Guarantee” platform released late last year by Brown, both Ford and Elliott have questioned the carbon tax. Ford told reporters after his speech that he would look for other ways to fund campaign promises, but that he is 100 per cent again the carbon tax. And, if the federal government attempts to force it on the provinces, “just watch me,” he told the crowd, echoing the words of Justin Trudeau's father, former prime minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau. Ford has previously said he'd like to revisit the updated Ontario sex-education curriculum to give parents more input. Candidates have to file nomination papers by Feb. 16, and pay fees totalling $125,000. Ford entered the room to the Rocky theme “Eye of the Tiger,” and left as Twisted Sister's “We're not gonna take it” blared over the sound system. The large crowd, a mix of all ages from the elderly to young families with children, cheered loudly for the former Toronto city councillor who was introduced by nephew Michael Ford — a one-time school trustee who now sits on council — and three of Ford's four daughters. “Our dad is man of his word,” they said, adding he is “a force to be reckoned with . . . the one person we can count on for anything.” Ford said he will run a positive campaign. When asked about his intentions should he fail to become leader, he said he will still seek the Etobicoke North seat. Mississauga resident John Barnard said he feels “change is in the air” for the upcoming provincial election and that Ford is the candidate who will make that happen. Barnard, who was one of the early arrivals at Ford's leadership bid kickoff Saturday night at the Toronto Congress Centre, said he is supporting Ford because he “gets straight to the point.” The Liberal hold on Ontario needs to end, said Barnard, clutching a free “Team Ford” T-shirt he was given on his way in.
Read more about:
LAWRENCE, Kan. — The national title aspirations of Kansas got a big lift on Wednesday.
A 7-foot, 280-pound lift.
Udoka Azubuike announced he was withdrawing from the NBA draft shortly before the deadline, choosing to return for his junior season with the Jayhawks rather than risk not getting selected.
The big man from Nigeria started 34 games last season, averaging 13 points and seven rebounds, and shot a nation-leading 77 per cent from the field. But Azubuike is a traditional back-to-the-basket big man, and many scouts have wondered how his skillset transfers to the NBA.
The league's up-tempo pace and the value placed on big men who can shoot from outside go against his strengths, and developing any kind of outside shot will likely be Azubuike's emphasis next season.
"I received good feedback from many sources around the NBA over the last month but in the end, after discussing with my family and coaches, we decided it would be in my best interest to return," Azubuike said in a statement. "I want to thank the people in the NBA who gave me this opportunity. I believe it was an important step as I chase my dream to play basketball at the highest level."
The Jayhawks lost their top three scorers in Devonte Graham, Svi Mykhailiuk and Malik Newman from the team that won its 14th straight Big 12 title and reached the Final Four last season. They also lost junior guard Lagerald Vick, who like Newman declared for the draft and signed with an agent.
Azubuike did not hire representation, allowing him to withdraw by Wednesday's deadline.
His return is important given the uncertain status of Silvio de Sousa, whose name has been connected with the FBI investigation into adidas. Even though Kansas has not been named in the investigation, nobody is quite sure whether there will be any discipline handed down in the case.
Despite all the losses from last season, Kansas is expected to be a national title contender given their stellar recruiting class and a bevy of high-level transfers that sat out last season.
Friends, I have spent this Monday morning in a black hole. I've only just found the gumption to climb myself out.
It started with this, an old Australian ad for the Atari 2600 and it got worse and weirder from there.
Please join me on this journey. The journey of the weirdest Australian video game commercials I could find on YouTube.
I have a few favourites. The Intellivision ones are hard to beat and SEGA ads have NOT aged well. Also, Commodore 64 ads are Australia's greatest cultural export.
Enjoy
The Toronto police officer who was caught with cocaine in his wallet after he forgot it in court has been demoted, and will be subjected to random drug tests for the next year.
Const. Kirk Blake was not present Friday as his sentence was read out at the Toronto police disciplinary tribunal by hearing officer, Insp. Richard Hegedus, who stressed the seriousness of the misconduct by the longtime officer.
Blake, a former drug squad and guns and gangs unit officer, pleaded guilty to professional misconduct after he brought a small amount of cocaine in his wallet into a Scarborough courthouse in September 2016.
The drug only came to be discovered because Blake, who had been at the courthouse as part of his work duties, accidentally left his wallet behind. A fellow officer looked through it to find identification and came upon a clear plastic baggie containing cocaine.
Toronto police Professional Standards initiated an investigation and charged Blake with possession of cocaine. He pleaded guilty in court and was granted an absolute discharge.
Tyler Bacon led Fort Hays State with 38 receptions last season. With graduation of seniors Isaiah Maxi and Bilal Salat, Bacon is set to lead the wide receiver corps again in 2017. The Quapaw, Okla. native is the only senior in a group that returns junior Kenton Ubelaker and sophomores Layne Bieberle and Andrew Jay who all had at least one reception last season.
With the addition of junior college transfers Monterio Burchfield and Harley Hazlett from Garden City CC, Bacon feels wide receiver could be a strength this season.
Tyler Bacon
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The mystery of the huge fireballs which were seen shooting across the sky has now been solved.
The bright objects were seen plummeting from space across the world confusing people who did not know what they were.
But after giant balls of metal were found in fields in Peru, an answer for the strange phenomenon has now been given.
The Peruvian Air Force has confirmed the fireball was actually a Russian space rocket re-entering Earth's atmosphere.
And it added that the metal spheres which were found were fuel tanks belonging to the satellite.
Amazingly it took more than a month for the balls to come back down after the launch of the rocket in December.
Spectacular images of the fireball were taken at the time with the scene going viral on social media.
Footage shows the objects shooting across the sky as a stream of fire is left lingering behind it.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
But while people thought it could perhaps be a meteorite , the real reason has now been confirmed.
Meteorologist Alejandro Fonesca, from the Federal University of Acre in Brazil, also said that the fireballs were created by the man-made debris plummeting back to the ground.
He said: "When the debris enters the atmosphere it comes under intense friction and this causes it to set on fire."
(Image: AFP)
The 40kg metal balls were from the SL-23 rocket which was launched from Kazakhstan on Boxing Day.
The parts re-entered the Earth's atmosphere on January 27 and are often used to hold tank pressure gases.
The rocket was launched as part of a joint venture between Russia and Angola to put the Angosat-1 into orbit in a bid to improve communications in the African country.
Officials hope new rules approach brings smooth U.S. Open
by Reuters News 15 Jun 2017, 02:48 IST
Jun 14, 2017; Erin, WI, USA; USGA flags flap in the wind during a practice round of the U.S. Open golf tournament at Erin Hills. Mandatory Credit: Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
By Larry Fine
ERIN, Wisconsin (Reuters) - Last year's rules snafu that clouded the last nine holes of the U.S. Open at Oakmont had a ripple effect on the U.S. Golf Association, which has taken action to avoid confusion at Erin Hills starting on Thursday.
Uncertainty over a possible penalty stroke lingered over final-round leader Dustin Johnson, putting the status of the leaderboard in doubt before Johnson pulled away for an emphatic victory for his maiden major.
Changes at Erin Hills include reliance on a central group of rules officials headed by chief referee Thomas Pagel, who is empowered to make rulings, use of on-course video replay stations and adoption of local rules offering a more commonsense approach to inadvertent ball movement on the greens.
Under the new protocols, Johnson would not be subject to a penalty as he had at Oakmont when his ball moved slightly before he addressed his putt on the fifth green of the final round. He would just remark his ball and play on.
The USGA came in for withering criticism from players and fans alike for taking so long to clear up the Johnson ruling.
"It affects the whole organisation," USGA executive director/CEO Mike Davis told reporters at a news conference on the eve of the opening round at Erin Hills in Wisconsin.
"Anytime your competency comes into question, that affects the people that are doing our equipment testing, the agronomic people on the greens section, our people in dealing with the history of the game and helping to grow the game.
"So, of course, we want to avoid those things.
"Moving forward we want a nice, smooth U.S. Open."
Johnson officially claimed a three-stroke win despite a one-stroke penalty imposed after the round.
John Bodenhamer, the USGA senior managing director of Championships & Governance, outlined the protocol changes at the news conference, reiterating details he shared in an interview with Reuters last week and.
Bodenhamer said another change was dispensing with having a referee walk with each group. Instead, referees will be assigned two or three holes to officiate "so they can familiarise themselves with every aspect and nuance of those couple of holes."
"Our main goal is for this week to be about the players and their journey to the final round," Bodenhamer added: "They're the story of this championship."
(Reporting by Larry Fine; Editing by Gene Cherry)
Barnsley'S head coach Paul Heckingbottom was frustrated with his side's missed chances as they were held to a draw at home to Brentford.
Marley Watkins put the home side ahead before Florian Joefzoon equalised for the visitors, who also missed a penalty when Jota's effort from the spot was saved.
Barnsley opened the scoring when Josh Scowen's cross picked out Watkins, whose effort found the net with the aid of a deflection in the 28th minute.
Jozefzoon equalised four minutes before half-time, slotting the ball past Adam Davies after receiving a fine through-ball from Jota.
Brentford were awarded a 47th-minute penalty when Sergi Canos's shot was blocked inside the area by Angus MacDonald, but Jota's spot-kick was superbly saved by Adam Davies.
Heckingbottom said: “We feel we did more than enough to win, but we missed the final bit of quality. I was pleased in terms of the performance, but we should have had more goals. Those moments of quality were missing and we know we can be better.”
Barnsley: Davies, Janko, Roberts, MacDonald, Jones, Scowen, James, Moncur (Hedges 82), Watkins, Bradshaw (Armstrong 68), Kent. Unused substitutes: Lee, Townsend, Evans, Mowatt, Williams.
Brentford: Bonham, Clarke, Dean, Egan, Henry, Woods (Yennaris 68), Kerschbaumer (McCormack 75), Jota, Sawyers, Jozefzoon, Vibe (Canos 30). Unused substitutes: Bentley, Hofmann, Barbet, Field.
Referee: Robert Jones (Merseyside).
A live-action fan teaser titled, Dragon Ball Z: Legendary Warrior has surfaced online from Argentinian director Esteban Aduriz. According to his LinkedIn profile, Aduriz has a backgrond in Audiovisual and digital VFX for television and advertising. His skills are definitley on display here as the short teaser is a step above similar effortst that were produced in the last few years.Curiously, while the video states that the teaser is a prelude to a feature film, there's no kickstarter, patreon or other crowdfunding campaign accompanying the video. Perhaps this is a labor of love that Aduriz intends to finish on his own dime? If so, it will be interesting to see if Toei allows the project to move forward.
A loud explosion heard Saturday in some parts of Orangeburg County remained a mystery Monday.The South Carolina Department of Natural Resources State Geologist Charles William "Bill" Clendenin Jr. said there wereThe South Carolina Emergency Management Division and the Orangeburg County Emergency Services Department said they did not receive any reports either.The Columbia National Weather Service meteorologist Dan Miller said there have been no reports of earthquakes in the state over the last seven days, according to the United States Geological Survey's National Earthquake Information Center."My guess it was a sonic boom," Miller said,. He said there are a number of air bases in the area, including North Auxiliary Air Field and Shaw Air Force Base, making the probability of the noise being a sonic explosion a possibility.A sonic boom is the sound associated with the shock waves created by an object traveling through the air faster than the speed of sound. Sonic booms generate enormous amounts of sound energy, sounding much like an explosion.
HOUSTON -- The Red Sox have stressed an aggressive style of base running all season and it resulted in them leading the majors with 81 outs on the bases.
That's 11 more than the Yankees who were second. The Astros were third (69).
Dustin Pedroia made the third out of the second inning in Game 1, trying to go from first-to-third base on Sandy Leon's RBI single to right field.
Pedroia, who has been slowed by a bad knee, almost got thrown out before Mitch Moreland scored. That would have negated the run.
The Red Sox led the majors in outs at home plate (29) and outs at third base (19). They were second for outs at second base (25).
"There's a potential that Moreland could've got thrown out at home plate," Red Sox manager John Farrell said. "(Josh) Reddick is one of the better defenders and one of the better throwing outfielders in all baseball and I know Pedey's decision in the moment was to try to advance to third, to pull the throw toward him rather than go to home. And in that spot, it's an aggressive play.
"I think we also recognize that the cardinal rule is don't ever make the first or third out at third base. But I will say this: the one thing that we have continued to try to do and it's worked in our favor -- it's also been at times a detriment -- is the outs recorded on base paths. We have instilled an aggressive style, that's part of who we are as a team, so I'm not going to fault Pedey for making an in-game decision, that didn't quite work out."
Comedian Roseanne Barr saw her titular show canceled Tuesday, after enormous blowback following her racist tweet about a former adviser to President Obama. Barr apologized in part by claiming she had been "Ambien tweeting." But on Wednesday, the maker of Ambien tweeted about Roseanne's apparent insinuation that Ambien was the reason she posted a racist comment.
The account for Sanofi US, which manufactures the popular sleep aid Ambien, tweeted on Wednesday that "while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication." The company prefaced that observation by noting that "people of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world."
Barr's original tweet came on Monday night, when she wrote: "Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj." The "vj" was in reference to Valerie Jarrett, a top adviser to Obama during his two terms in office. Barr has since deleted and apologized for the tweet.
However, in one of her subsequent mea culpas, Barr wrote on Twitter that "It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting." She prefaced that by writing that her comment about Jarrett was "unforgivable" and asking her followers to refrain from defending it. But though Barr has since also deleted the Ambien tweet, the drugmaker Sanofi still clearly felt the need to respond.
More to come...
There were so many re-couplings during Monday night's episode of Love Island, that some of them got lost in the crowd. But any Love Island fan worth their salt will remember the night's final recoupling, which saw Georgia Steele and Josh Denzel tasked with a difficult decision: stick or twist. While Georgia chose to remain loyal to Josh, he chose to recouple with new contestant Kazimir Crossley, and — despite the devastating betrayal — Georgia handled her mugging off by Josh like an absolute champ and with the flick of a seriously high ponytail. So who is Love Island's Georgia Steel and how did she end up in the villa?
According to ITV, Georgia is a 23-year-old barmaid originally from York, now living in London. She is also a student at the Academy of Live and Recorded Arts in London (ALRA), whose alumni include former Call The Midwife co-stars Miranda Hart and Jack Ashton, according to its website. As explained by her mother Sharon Steel during an interview on ITV's Lorraine, Georgia was actually encouraged to apply for Love Island by ALRA, who said it would be "the best opportunity" for her acting aspirations.
Sharon explained: "[Georgia] was at drama school and the drama school ALRA said, 'You got to go.' It's a good stepping stone for Georgia, It's the best opportunity." Indeed, it looks like those acting skills were put to good use during Monday night's episode when Josh came back into the villa with Kazimir. The decision effectively ended Josh and Georgia's blossoming romance, and despite being undeniably shocked, Georgia held herself together with aplomb. It was pretty amazing given how muggy the situation actually was.
Love Island on YouTube
What made things worse for Georgia is that she could have re-coupled herself in the Love Island villa, as the now departed contestant Jordan Adefeyisan confessed he was attracted to Georgia during Friday's episode. However, she chose to stay loyal to Josh, even after she was shown a video of him reacting excitedly after an encounter with Kazimir.
Georgia's reaction quickly earned her heaps of praise on Twitter, where viewers celebrated her strength in the face of enormous pressure.
Even before last night's antics, Georgia was fast becoming a firm favourite with viewers. While I sure am glad Georgia secured her well-earned place in this year's series, the way she secured it might surprise some viewers. With the Daily Mail reporting that 85,000 people apply to be on the show, Georgia managed to separate herself from the crowd with a personal intro and a serious load of courage (which we already know she has).
During the same Lorraine interview on Monday, last year's Love Island winner Amber Davies revealed that she put Georgia forward for the competition, after Georgia approached her in a bar. “Basically, I saw [Georgia] in a bar and she just said to me, you know, 'Can you put me forward?'" Amber said. "And I said, ‘Yeah, that's fine. I'll do it.' I was the little scout.”
Lorraine on YouTube
So, what's next for Georgia?
Well, it doesn't look like she's going to forgive Josh anytime soon.
Indeed, during Tuesday night's episode, Georgia finally relented and agreed to speak to Josh about their new situation, having previously rejected his attempts at peace talks during the closing minutes of Monday's show. "I had a connection with someone else in here, Josh," she told him. "I think we both had our little tests. I passed mine because I'm a loyal girl. Yes, I'm a flirt but I know the boundaries. You obviously don't… I put my heart out to you. I've never done that ever and I did all of that for you."
Love Island/ITV
So, will Georgia ever forgive Josh? If she doesn't, I would totally understand, especially after their final conversation of the night, which saw Georgia walk off in tears.
Love Island airs on ITV2, Sunday to Friday at 9 p.m.
Two Winnipeg police investigators — Det.-Sgt. Myles Riddell and Det.-Sgt. Jeff Stalker — testified they went to the home of Ida Beardy, who had allowed Cormier to live in a tent in her backyard in the summer of 2014.
In August 2014, Tina's body was pulled from the Red River in a duvet cover that had been weighed down with rocks.
Cormier, 55, has pleaded not guilty to second-degree murder in the case, which prompted renewed calls for a national inquiry into missing and murdered Indigenous women.
WINNIPEG—Three people connected to accused killer Raymond Cormier told police he owned the same type of duvet cover that the body of 15-year-old Tina Fontaine was found in, his trial was told Friday.
The home is a little more than a kilometre from the shore where Tina's body was found.
On one visit four months after Tina's death, they showed Beardy a picture of the same kind of duvet cover that Tina's body had been wrapped in, the officers said. They asked Beardy if the photo meant anything to her.
“She positively identified the duvet cover as the one belonging to Raymond Cormier,” Riddell testified Friday. “She was confident.”
The photo was later shown to Beardy's daughter, who had been in another room. She also said it was the same as Cormier's, Stalker said.
“It was an immediate recognition.”
Ida Beardy testified Thursday that when she was shown the photo, chills went up her spine.
The jury has already heard the particular duvet was part of a series of four designs sold only by Costco Canada, which has three stores in Winnipeg and had sold or donated some 800 of the duvets in the 18 months before Tina's death.
Police were unable to determine how many of the particular design used to wrap Tina's body were sold.
The officers also told court they showed the duvet picture to an inmate in a provincial jail who knew Cormier and who has yet to testify.
The inmate also said the duvet was the same as Cormier's, they said.
Under cross-examination, defence lawyer Anthony Kavanagh asked Stalker whether Beardy knew he was investigating Tina's death when he showed her the duvet picture. Stalker said yes, because he had been to the house previously.
Kavanagh also asked Stalker why he only showed Beardy and her daughter one photo of a duvet, instead of a lineup of several different duvets to choose from.
Stalker said it was an unusual case, and photo lineups are usually used to identify people.
“I still think it's fair,” Stalker said.
In his opening statement Monday, Crown attorney James Ross said Tina Fontaine had a happy childhood and was raised by her great-aunt on the Sagkeeng First Nation.
Ross told the jury that Tina went to Winnipeg to visit her mother and became an exploited youth.
Only individuals affected can determine whether the settlement meets their needs, Assembly of First Nations National Chief Perry Bellegarde said in a statement.
"The courts of Canada can never compensate, in any amount, the loss of family, community, identity, language and culture," he said. "True justice means creating hope and opportunity for the survivors."
Anna Betty Achneepineskum, deputy grand chief of the Nishnawbe Aski Nation — an umbrella organization representing 49 communities in northern Ontario — said she is pleased to see the government has "finally been held accountable" for the devastating legacy of the '60s Scoop.
"We pray this settlement will help the plaintiffs and all Canadians on the journey towards healing and reconciliation," she said.
The '60s Scoop was a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history, Bennett said Friday.
"Their stories are heartbreaking," Bennett said. "They talked of their identity being stolen. They talked about not really feeling that you belong anywhere because people have been moved so often or that they didn't really have a home."
Too many Indigenous children are still being taken from their families, she added, insisting Ottawa must change the current design of the system to ensure funding goes toward children, family and communities rather than lawyers, agencies and non-Indigenous foster families.
"We want that overhaul to happen so that we a system of the rights and well-being of Indigenous children and youth to be raised in their language and culture and not have this harm done that was done to these courageous people," she said.
The agreement is a "first step" in resolving '60s Scoop litigation, Bennett added, noting the federal government is committed to working with other Indigenous Peoples affected.
The provinces and territories are also working on resolving remaining litigation, she said, adding individual compensation will be determined among legal counsel.
Ottawa says the compensation payments will not affect its bottom line because the fiscal framework already contains an envelope of money set aside for litigation settlements.
The agreement in principle announced Friday is less than the $1.3 billion Brown Martel sought for victims of the Ontario Scoop, in which at-risk, on-reserve Indigenous children were placed in non-Aboriginal homes from 1965 to 1984 under terms of a federal-provincial agreement.
In a class action started in 2009, Brown Martel maintained the government had been negligent in protecting her and about 16,000 other on-reserve children from the lasting harm suffered from being alienated from their heritage.
Jeffery Wilson, one of her lawyers, said previously the class action was the first anywhere to recognize the importance of a person's cultural heritage and the individual harm caused when it is lost.
—with files from Colin Perkel
Follow @kkirkup and @perkel on Twitter
By Kristy Kirkup, The Canadian Press
New York police are responding to reports of an explosion at the Port Authority bus station.
Terrified tourists were seen "stampeding" from the scene, according to reports.
A bomb squad has reportedly been dispatched to to the area, witnesses say.
Taking to Twitter this morning, one woman wrote: "Just was stuck in a running stampede at port authority bus terminal due to bomb scare."
She added: "Cops EVERYWHERE."
The New York Police Department (NYPD) confirmed it was responding to reports of an explosion at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue.
The force tweeted: "The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, Manhattan.
"The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time.
"Info is preliminary, more when available."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Airbnb is known for its cheap holiday rentals, but it also hosts a whole range of lavish houses and manors that can be yours for a few luxurious days.
Here are a few of the poshest pads just an hour from Cambridge for the ultimate staycation. And if you've left holiday planning to the last minute, fear not - they're all available in August.
Don't have a few thousand pounds in your budget? Here's your chance to at least peek inside…
Hockwold Hall, Hockwold cum Wilton
Bedrooms: 10
Price per night: £1749
Become the new Lord and Lady of the manor in this former royal residence. Previously the royal residence of Prince Victor Duleep Singh, godson to Queen Victoria, this incredible place has flung open its doors to let mere commoners have a taste of the high life – and what a life.
After making use of the tennis courts, croquet lawn, gym and 3km fitness trail, you can then relax in style in either the large sauna or 12-seater hot tub complete with waterproof TV before eating in the plush panelled dining room and stretching out on one of the many divine four poster beds.
Beechwood House, Fulbourn
(Image: Airbnb)
Bedrooms: 5
Price per night: £295
For similar opulence but at a slightly more affordable price, Beechwood House's impressive gardens and stately exterior provide the grandeur, whilst the heated indoor pool and large living rooms add some luxurious touches.
Set amid tranquil country lanes, it's still conveniently close to Cambridge – though being in such a perfect setting, we question why you'd ever leave.
The quirkiest new properties in Cambridge that you HAVE to see for yourself
High Meadow, Albury
Bedrooms: 7
Price per night: £716
Forget dingy box rooms in a stranger's damp apartment – High Meadow boasts 7,000 square feet and three acres of rolling lawns, a gym, indoor heated pool, sauna and manicured gardens.
An old fashioned "pub pool table" takes pride of place in the converted basement, and a comfy cinema area offers the ultimate chance to Netflix and chill in real style.
Reach Hall, Cambridge city centre
Bedrooms: 10
Price per night: £930
Reach Hall is as perfect for its location – right in the heart of Cambridge – as it is for its gorgeous interior.
Overlooking the River Cam and Jesus Green, you'd be forgiven for not venturing into the city and instead spending the day roaming around the huge Victorian rooms, or snuggling down in the King-size beds.
For the budding gourmet chef, the massive kitchen is enticing – but, with Cambridge's finest culinary delights right on your doorstep, there'd be no shame in letting someone else do all the work…
It costs HOW much? The most expensive Cambridgeshire homes sold in February
Highwaymans, Bury St Edmunds
Bedrooms: 7
Price per night: £1,000
Highwaymans is one of those magical retreats that just seems to appear on the horizon as you turn down the driveway.
If you're looking for a tranquil retreat in optimum comfort, look no further. The self-catering house has huge, airy rooms and you can even bring your pets to run around the green grounds to their heart's content.
Tudor Country House, Hempstead
Bedrooms: 7
Price per night: £775
With a swimming pool, tennis courts, and extensive gardens, it's unlikely you'd get bored at this stunning period property.
If you can drag yourself away from the glorious outside, you'd be met with beautiful wooden beams in huge but homely rooms.
Farmhouse, Huntington
Bedrooms: 5
Price per night: £550
The hosts describe it as a farmhouse, but it's not the kind of farmhouse that would normally spring to mind. With huge rooms, comfy sofas, and large decadent kitchen – complete with Aga – it's the perfect getaway for those who want traditional rural comfort with a luxurious twist.
The gardens also play host to a fantastic barbecue and al fresco dining area in the peace of the rural surroundings.
Converted chapel, Upwell
Bedrooms: 5
Price per night: £400
You know that feeling when you're trying to find a holiday home that can also accommodate your private boat?
Us neither, but this converted Methodist chapel comes with its own mooring, as well as some seriously impressive mod-cons including an interactive Sonos sound system throughout the house. Much of the furniture is designed by the host, and if you fall in love with a piece you're able to buy it as a souvenir to take home.
'Wall off the city centre': Readers' views on tourists in Cambridge
The Old Vicarage, Castle Hedingham
(Image: Airbnb)
Bedrooms: 9
Price per night: £650
In full sight of the 11th century castle the village was named for, the Old Vicarage itself is far grander than its humble name suggests.
The basement has been converted to an extra social space with a pool table and chill-out sofas. If you begin to get restless, there's a gym in the room next door, or a fantastic heated swimming pool outside in the extensive gardens.
Georgian Coach House, Hilgay
Bedrooms: 5
Price per night: £400
It's one thing to be staying in a luxury bolthole, but it's quite another to be greeted with freshly baked scones and homemade jam by a welcoming host.
A private chef is available, and clay pigeon shooting can easily be arranged in the grounds of this former Georgian coach house. The assortment of horses, ponies, and flock of hens that reside on site can entertain little ones whilst adults relax in the wood-fired hot tub. Bliss.
BARRIE, Ont. — GO Transit says a fatality near its Barrie South station has halted train service in the area.
The agency says police are at the scene and trains will not be able to move until given the green light by investigators.
It says that could take a few hours.
Metrolinx spokeswoman Anne Marie Aikins says GO Transit is working with first responders to restore full service as fast as possible.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Scotland could become the first part of the UK to pilot a basic income for every citizen, it was claimed today.
Councils in Fife and Glasgow are investigating trial schemes this year.
Glasgow councillor Matt Kerr said: “Like a lot of people, I was interested in the idea but never completely convinced.”
But he “kept coming back to the basic income” in his role as the authority's poverty-buster. Supporters say the move would simplify the benefits system.
But critics fear it would see millionaires given handouts just like the poor and needy – and widen wealth gaps.
Mr Kerr said the measure was “about solidarity”.
He told The Guardian: “It says that everyone is valued and the government will support you. It changes the relationship between the individual and the state.”
Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell insisted last year that he can “win the argument” on universal basic income.
Without revealing the amount he would like to see handed out, he said: “I think there are opportunities there that it could simplify the welfare system but in addition it could tackle the issues around poverty.”
The Jammu and Kashmir government has told the Supreme Court that the Article 35A issue has been “prima facie settled” by the high court in its 2002 judgment. Photo: Hindustan Times
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday agreed to look into a plea challenging the validity of Article 35A of Constitution, which grants special status to the residents of Jammu and Kashmir.
The apex court also said that a three-judge bench will hear the case whether Article 35A is ultra vires and may decide to refer the matter to a five-judge Constitution bench.
The Jammu and Kashmir government has told the Supreme Court that the Article 35A issue has been “prima facie settled” by the high court in its 2002 judgment.
World Cup 2018 Quarter-Finals Preview: Team-By-Team Guide
Shea Robinson FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 416 // 04 Jul 2018, 16:25 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
With the round of 16 complete, we now know the final eight teams left in the World Cup 2018. There has been plenty of drama, shocks, and talking-points throughout the tournament so far and there is bound to be many more as we edge closer to finding out who will lift the famous trophy. Let's look at the remaining countries, how they got here, and what they can expect in their respective quarter-final fixtures.
France
Mbappe celebrates scoring against Argentina
Pre-Tournament
Arriving at the World Cup with high expectations, France has so far delivered. Boasting numerous household names in the form of Pogba, Mbappe, and Kante, this is the strongest France squad since they lifted the trophy on home soil in 1998. They cruised through qualification, topping a group containing Sweden and the Netherlands losing only once in the process.
The Story So Far
Placed in a group with Australia, Peru, and Denmark, many fancied France to swagger through the opening rounds and cruise into the last 16 with ease. However, there were some hiccups along the way, namely in their first clash against Australia when an 80th-minute Behich own goal saved their blushes in a 2-1 victory. A routine 1-0 win against Peru followed by a 0-0 draw with Denmark saw France top the group and meet Argentina in the round of 16.
What followed is easily the game of the tournament so far with two heavyweights battling it out with thrilling attacking football. After taking the lead, the French contrived to fall 2-1 behind in the second half. However, a 10-minute blitz, led by teenage sensation Killian Mbappe, gave the French a 4-2 lead which was enough to go through to the quarter-finals despite a late goal from Argentina.
What's Next
The French seem to have come into form at the right time and now face Uruguay in the quarter-finals. Breaking down a strong Uruguayan defense is no easy feat, but with the embarrassment of riches the French boast up front they will enter the last eight as strong favorites to progress. If they can replicate their performance from the round of 16, it is difficult to see any team stopping them from going all the way and lifting the trophy for the second time.
WEST PARRY SOUND - His pontoon boat has been found in Georgian Bay, but the 53-year-old driver remains missing.
On Friday, Oct. 6, at 1:20 p.m., West Parry Sound OPP received a call about a missing person near Trim Tree Island on the waters of Georgian Bay.
Investigation has since revealed that Owen Sands, 53, of Toronto was reported missing by family members. Sands was last seen travelling in his pontoon boat near Shawanaga Inlet on the waters of Georgian Bay on Thursday, Oct. 5, at around noon.
Earlier today, Friday, Oct. 6, the pontoon boat was located near Trim Tree Island by family members. The OPP Aviation Services and the West Parry Sound OPP Marine Unit with the assistance of the Carling Fire Department, the Joint Rescue Coordination Centre and the Canadian Coast Guard commenced a search in the area where the pontoon boat was located. Flares from a large airplane were visible by residents of Shawanaga into the night on Friday, at approximately 8:30 p.m.
Photo: PA Images / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
It's where Oasis meets The Verve live and onstage.
Frontmen Liam Gallagher of Oasis and Richard Ashcroft of the Verve have unveiled plans to hit the road together on a joint North American tour.
Related: Oasis' Liam Gallagher Blames Brother Noel's Wife for Keeping Band Apart
The six-date tour launches May 10 in San Francisco, with shows scheduled through May 17, when they touch down in Philadelphia.
Gallagher will perform in Washington, D.C. on the following night (May 18), but Ashcroft will not be appearing on that date. See the complete tour itinerary and tour poster below.
Gallagher is currently recovering from a chest infection that caused him to cut short a performance at Lollapalooza Chile last night (March 18).
Liam Gallagher and Richard Ashcroft N. American Tour Dates
05/10 – San Francisco, CA @ Masonic ^
05/11 – Los Angeles, CA @ Greek Theatre ^
05/13 – Toronto, ON @ Sony Centre for The Performing Arts ^
05/14 – Boston, MA @ Blue Hills Bank Pavilion ^
05/16 – New York, NY @ Central Park Summer Stage ^
05/17 – Philadelphia, PA @ Festival Pier at Penn's Landing ^
05/18 – Washington, DC @ Lincoln Theatre
^with Richard Ashcroft
Santee Cooper Names Interim CEO
COLUMBIA, SC (WOLO)– Santee Cooper has voted to name a temporary CEO.
The utility is in the midst of dealing with the failed nuclear reactor project out of V.C. Summer.
James E. Brogdon JR. was named interim President and CEO on Friday, according to company officials.
The former CEO announced his retirement back in August.
Deshhit: All you need to know about rape case of self-styled godman Asaram Bapu
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates. Final verdict in rape case of self-styled godman Asaram Bapu on April 25. Watch this video for more information.
BUSINESS
Amorepacific's second research complex Mizium in Yongin, Gyeonggi Province (Amorepacific)
South Korea's leading cosmetics firm Amorepacific aims to beef up its presence in the global market through wider investment in research, the firm said Monday.Between 1997 and 2016, the firm increased its research and development spending from 17.9 billion won ($15.7 million) to 119 billion won.“The R&D spending of the company is expected to increase again in 2017 as it did in previous years,” Amorepacific's spokesperson said.Amorepacific was the first cosmetics firm to open a R&D office here in 1954. In 1992, Amorepacific also built its first research center in Yongin, Gyeonggi Province, and expanded the institute by adding a second research center, Mizium, in the area in 2010.Through the two R&D centers, Amorepacific invented its signature products. Starting with ABC Ginseng Cream in 1966, Amorepacific grew its own luxurious product line using herbal medicine and advanced skin science.The ABC Ginseng Cream set the foundation for Amorepacific to later develop its Sulwhasoo brand, which last year posted around 40 percent on-year revenue growth with sales of 2 trillion won.In 2015, Amorepacific opened its Asian Beauty Laboratory to boost its cosmetics research and provide optimized solutions for customers in Asia.In January this year, Amorepacific also opened its own research institute at Singapore's Biopolis, an international research center of the state-run Agency for Science, Technology Research or A*STAR.Through collaborative research with the Singapore Bioimaging Consortium, a major bioimaging institute supported by A*STAR, Amorepacific plans to focus on biomarkers to take its skin aging research to the next level, the company said.By Shim Woo-hyun ( ws@heraldcorp.com
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
DALLAS — Dallas coach Rich Mannello didn't let his team think of its halftime deficit as a two-possession game.
As the Mountaineers gathered at halftime, he told them they just needed one stop and a score, and they could worry about the rest later.
Dallas' defense answered the call, shutting down all five No. 10 Wallenpaupack drives in the second half — including a blocked field goal — as Dallas won the nonconference game, 21-20.
“Everybody talks about special teams, these kids are bought in,” Mannello said. “We spend an awful lot of time on it, and it changed the football game.”
The Buckhorns (3-4) defense gained more yards than the offense in the first half. Joe Ingulli's 40-yard interception return three plays into the game and Adam Haupt's 70-yard interception return for another score propelled Wallenpaupack into halftime.
The Buckhorns' first-half offensive touchdown came on Aiden Maldacker's 30-yard run as Wallenpaupack took a 20-7 lead into the half.
But Dallas (5-2) blocked the extra point after Maldacker's touchdown, and it came back to bite the Buckhorns after the Mountaineers dominated the third quarter.
Dallas recovered a fumbled handoff two snaps into the second half, setting up Michael Starbuck's 7-yard pass to Bradley Adams for a quick touchdown and Dallas trailed, 20-14, with 7:50 left in the third-quarter.
It was the second score of the game for Starbuck, who ran in a 15-yard keeper in the first half. Danny Meuser led the backfield with 107 yards on 20 carries.
Following a Buckhorns three-and-out, Dallas running back Lenney Kelly's 6-yard run gave the Mountaineers the lead, 21-20, with 3:40 left in the third.
When Dallas muffed a punt on the Buckshorns' next drive, Kelley kept the team in front with an interception in the end zone, Dallas' third pick of the game.
The Mountaineers blocked a go-ahead, 29-yard field goal attempt as Dylan Schuster scooped up the ball and took it to the Buckshorns' 29.
On Wallenpaupack's last drive, Dallas broke up a fourth-down pass.
Contact the writer:
eshultz@citizensvoice.com
Waterloo Region has four townships; its predecessor, Waterloo County, had five.
Waterloo Township contained some of the county's largest urban centres — Berlin/Kitchener and Waterloo, plus Preston and Hespeler. And it was situated right beside a third, the rapidly-expanding Galt. Through the 20th century, Waterloo Township had been nibbled away by the towns and cities annexing bits and bobs. So, it was "Goodbye, Waterloo Township" when regional government was created in the early 1970s. Rather than trying to maintain a shrinking Waterloo Township, its acreage was divided among the existing cities of Waterloo and Kitchener, the new city of Cambridge, and Woolwich Township.
Here are long-ago photographs from the four remaining townships: Wellesley, North Dumfries, Wilmot and Woolwich. Try to figure which photo belongs where. I'll reveal the actual locations, dates and circumstances in Flash From the Past over the next two weeks, so save this page for reference. Thanks to the Waterloo Historical Society, Marion Roes, the Schnurr Collection and David Moore for the use of these photos. Please send me an email if you know anything about the events shown here.
rychmills@golden.net
LEWISBURG, Pa. — Zach Thomas scored 20 points and Stephen Brown scored 14 and Bucknell beat Lafayette 74-59 on Saturday night.
Bucknell used an 8-0 run that started with Thomas' 3-pointer and ended with his layup and the Bison stretched their lead to 30-21 with 7:03 before intermission. Later, Alex Petrie's 3 and a pair of free throws reduced Lafayette's deficit to three before Thomas ended the half with a pair of free throws and a 39-34 lead.
The Bison (17-8, 11-1 Patriot League) emerged from the break with Thomas, Bruce Moore and Kimbal Mackenzie making 3s on Bucknell's first three possessions for a 14-point lead. Lafayette got back in it with an 11-0 run as the Bison went five minutes without a score and trailed 48-45. Bucknell went on an 11-0 run as Lafayette went scoreless for almost seven minutes and were up 59-45 and led by double figures the rest of the way.
Nana Foulland added 10 points for Bucknell, which committed just seven turnovers.
Lincoln – On Monday afternoon the National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association (NCBWA) released its preseason Stopper of the Year Watch List and Nebraska sophomore Chad Luensmann was one of 59 pitchers listed. In its 13thyear, the award is given to the top relief pitcher in NCAA Division I baseball.
Luensmann was one of two Big Ten relievers named to the list, as he was joined by Ohio State's Seth Kinker.
A true freshman last season, Luensmann was one of the top closers not only in the Big Ten, but nationally. Tabbed as the Big Ten Freshman of the Year, Luensmann was named a freshman All-American by five organizations after posting 13 saves in 14 chances, a freshman record at Nebraska.
Luensmann tied Brett Jensen (2006) for third on NU's single-season saves list and was three saves shy of Jensen's single-season record of 16 saves set in 2005. During Big Ten play Luensmann led the league with nine saves and finished the year tied for 14th nationally in saves. Among freshmen, Luensmann tied Long Beach State's Chris Rivera for the most saves in the country.
On the year, Luensmann posted a 1.18 ERA in 38.0 innings and allowed just three extra-base hits all season, while holding opposing hitters to a .171 batting average.
Luensmann and the Huskers open the 2017 season on Friday afternoon in Tempe, Ariz., when they face UC Riverside at 2 p.m. (CT).
Whether a strong dollar is a good or bad thing remains highly debated among economists. But there is generally one consensus among them — it's important to look at why the dollar is moving.
The greenback has jumped more than 1.5% against the yen and euro since last Monday. And it's made even bigger gains versus other currencies, including the New Zealand dollar and the British pound.
Bilal Hafeez, a foreign exchange strategist at Nomura, thinks the greenback is rising for "bad" reasons.
"US risk markets such as equities and credit have weakened over the same period while the dollar has rallied," he said. "The dollar is rallying in a negative environment."
Hafeez noted the recent commodities rally, which is credited for helping the dollar tick higher, was driven by trade tensions and other geopolitical worries rather than global demand. And those price dynamics may spill over into the rates market, he says.
US government bond yields have been jumping over the past week, with the 10-year Treasury yield hitting the key 3% level for the first time since 2014 on Tuesday. That could signal markets are positioning themselves for a slowdown in growth.
"If anything this suggests rates markets are expecting the Fed to be forced into more hikes to curb these inflationary pressures," he said. "This provides a more negative backdrop for the dollar rally."
Elsewhere, equities have remained relatively sluggish as the dollar climbs. Stocks have been slow to react to a recent series of strong corporate earnings.
"Instead higher US yields could be de-rating stocks, and investor equity longs and fears on tech hardware seem to be weighing on stocks," he said.
Though the dollar index — a measurement of the greenback versus its major peers — paused Tuesday. Some think it will continue strengthening.
The Federal Reserve is on track to raise rates two or three times more this year, which is relatively faster than the other major central banks. That could push rate differentials wider and further boost the dollar, according to FXTM Chief Market Strategist Hussein Sayed.
"Unless President Trump surprises us with a new Tweet, we may see further greenback appreciation," he added.
But that's all the more reason to trade in US dollars for so-called safe haven currencies, according to Hafeez.
"In such an environment, we think the best way of holding onto a core short dollar position would be to sell it against the yen," Hafeez said.
Uber Suspends Self-Driving Tests After Pedestrian Is Killed In Arizona
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jeff Swensen/Getty Images Jeff Swensen/Getty Images
Updated at 2:14 p.m. ET
A self-driving car operated by Uber struck and killed a pedestrian in Tempe, Ariz., Sunday night. The incident could be the first pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle.
The car was in autonomous mode but had a human riding along to take control of the vehicle if necessary, according to the Tempe Police Department. The victim, 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg, was struck while walking outside of a crosswalk, police said. She was immediately transported to a local hospital where she died.
Uber has suspended all autonomous vehicle operations in Pittsburgh, Tempe, San Francisco and Toronto in response to the crash.
In a statement provided to NPR, Uber said, "Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident."
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi referenced the "incredibly sad news out of Arizona" in a tweet and reaffirmed that the company will cooperate with local law enforcement.
The National Transportation Safety Board said it was sending a team to investigate the incident.
The incident is not the first fatal crash involving autonomous technology. In May 2016 a Tesla Model S struck a tractor trailer on a Florida highway, killing the Tesla's driver. Government investigators highlighted an "overreliance on vehicle automation" as a contributor to the crash.
Allow me to preface this information with two notes: 1) I keep saying this is the summer of the Super Teams. They're coming. Like LaVar Ball, maybe I can speak it into existence. 2) Danny Ainge is the Godfather of Super Teams, starting with trading for Ray Allen and Kevin Garnett in 2007.
Mark Wahlberg and Jimmy Butler are tight. The Tribune chronicled their friendship in 2016. This week, TMZ asked Wahlberg about what the Celtics should do in the upcoming NBA draft. He said Boston should trade the #1 pick for Butler.
Hmmmm.
Is this Butler speaking through Wahlberg, sending out a smoke signal that he's ready to go to Boston and compete for a title? The Bulls nearly took down the Celtics in the first round of the playoffs, surging to a 2-0 lead until Rajon Rondo got hurt. Then Boston won four straight.
Boston boss Danny Ainge doesn't follow conventional wisdom when it comes to the draft. In 2014 he surprised a lot of people by taking Marcus Smart with Julius Randle still on the board. In 2016 he shocked everyone by grabbing Jaylen Brown 3rd overall.
If the Celtics offered the #1 pick and some combination of Avery Bradley, Jae Crowder or Marcus Smart (choose two of three) to Chicago for Butler, would the Bulls do it?
The organization is a mess, from coach Fred Hoiberg's name popping up on UCLA and Ohio State's radar, to issues with Butler over the last two years. He's got two years left on his contract before he'll opt out. The team has one more year of Dwyane Wade, and who knows what shenanigans Rondo pulls in the next year.
If I'm Chicago, I pull the trigger and get a star point guard and start over. Take a season and see what Paul Zipser, Bobby Portis and Nikola Mirotic are capable of, and star anew. Also, it'll probably be a few years before LeBron's gone anyway, so what's the harm?
TORONTO — The Roughriders are ranked last overall in rushing, but Toronto defensive back says he Jermaine Gabriel expects the ground game to be a key element of Saskatchewan's offensive attack Saturday.
The Argonauts (7-7) host Saskatchewan (7-6) at BMO Field looking for a fourth straight win.
Trent Richardson, a former first-round pick of the NFL's Cleveland Browns, will make his CFL debut with a Saskatchewan team averaging a league-low 69.8 yards rushing per game.
Toronto is ranked third against the run (86.4 yards per game) but has allowed over 120 yards rushing in its last two contests.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Clarks Summit's Festival of Ice returns this weekend with a theme sure to give you chills — and multiply them.
The 13th annual festival kicks off Friday with a variety of family-friendly activities and attractions. Visitors can check out close to 50 ice sculpture variations on the “Ice, Lights, Broadway!” theme, including homages to “Grease,” “Hamilton,” “Beauty and the Beast” and “West Side Story,” among other beloved musicals.
Admission and parking are free all weekend. For an official map, sculpture list and updates, visit the Facebook event page. Addresses listed in this schedule are in Clarks Summit unless otherwise noted.
Friday
Noon to 2 p.m.: Live music by Just Us Duo, Citizens Savings Bank, 538 S. State St.
1 to 3 p.m.: Live music by Ken McGraw and Joe Cole, Abington Community Library, 1200 W. Grove St.
2:30 to 3:30 p.m.: Live ice-carving demonstration, MetLife, 1028 Morgan Highway
3:30 to 4:30 p.m.: Live ice-carving demonstration, Toyota of Scranton, 3400 N. Main Ave., Scranton
5 to 6 p.m.: Live ice-carving demonstration, Crystal Cabin Fever, Purdytown Turnpike, Lakeville
5 to 7 p.m.: Live music by Tom Rogo, Golden Coast, 535 S. State St.
5:30 to 7 p.m.: Complimentary trolley tour of the festival with on/off stops at Everything Natural, 426 S. State St.; Depot Street; and First Presbyterian Church of Clarks Summit, 300 School St.
6 to 8 p.m.: Northeast Photography Club art show opening reception, First Presbyterian Church
6:30 to 8:30 p.m.: Family Fun Faire with DJ Jack Martin, storytelling with Chris Archangelo, children's complimentary face painting by Happy Faces and post-parade juggling performance by Rob Smith, the Gathering Place, 304 S. State St.
7:30 p.m.: Festival of Ice Parade along South State Street
Saturday
10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.: Live music by Mark Woodyatt, Peoples Security Bank & Trust Co., 1100 Northern Blvd., South Abington Twp.
11 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.: Live ice-carving demonstration, Peoples Security Bank & Trust Co.
11 a.m. to 4 p.m.: Northeast Photography Club art show, First Presbyterian Church
11 a.m. to 4 p.m.: Children's Art Show (with Northeast Photography Club), Barry's Art Room, First Presbyterian Church
Noon to 2 p.m.: Photobooth by Dynamic Duo Entertainment, the Gathering Place
Noon to 1:30 p.m.: Live ice-carving demonstration, Frontier Communications, 108 N. State St.
Noon to 5 p.m.: Horse-and carriage-rides, outside the Gathering Place (tickets are $3, available at Clarks Summit borough building, 304 S. State St.)
1 to 3 p.m.: Live ice-carving demonstration plus live music by Von Storch Project, Everything Natural
1 to 3 p.m.: Live music with Mike Waskovich, Clel's Place, 120 Barrett St.
1:30 p.m.: All About Theatre special adult theater group original play performance, the Gathering Place
2 p.m.: Broadway Musical Revue with Erin Malloy Marcinko, First Presbyterian Church
2:30 p.m.: Jill and Gehred Wetzel dance performance, the Gathering Place
3:30 to 5 p.m.: Live ice-carving demonstration, Toyota of Scranton
4 to 5 p.m.: Live ice-carving demonstration, Gerrity's Market, 100 Old Lackawanna Trail
5 to 7 p.m.: Live music by Lights Out, La Tonalteca Mexican Restaurant, 821 Northern Blvd.
5:30 to 7:30 p.m.: Live ice-carving demonstration, State Street Grill, 114 S. State St.
Sunday
11 to 12:30 p.m.: Live Broadway Brass with Brass Reflections, the Gathering Place
Noon to 5 p.m.: Horse-and-carriage rides from the Gathering Place (tickets are $3, available at borough building)
1 to 3 p.m.: Drop-in children's craft, Abington Art Studio, 208 Depot St.
1 to 3 p.m.: Live music by Dixieland All Stars, Gerrity's Market
1 to 3 p.m.: Live music by Doreen Coleman, Everything Natural
1:30 p.m.: All About Theatre Junior Actors original play performance, the Gathering Place
2:30 p.m.: All About Theatre Senior Actors original play performance, the Gathering Place
3 to 5 p.m.: Live music by Old Man River Band, the Gathering Place
4 p.m.: “Ice, Lights, Cabaret!” performance, First Presbyterian Church
Ongoing
Festival of Ice Golden Ticket Scavenger Hunt: Pick up entry form at any location with an ice sculpture, then visit all nine Festival of Ice zones to find the hidden Golden Ticket. List each ticket location and drop off completed entries by Monday at 5 p.m. at any participating location. Random drawing from completely correct entries will be held after the festival.
Specials and giveaway: Check with Clarks Summit-area businesses throughout the weekend for specials and giveaways.
Contact the writer: pwilding@timesshamrock.com,
@pwildingTT on Twitter
Just days after news broke that President Trump's oldest son is getting divorced, Us Weekly reported on Monday that the same son and a former Danity Kane singer supposedly had an affair back in 2011. So, if it wasn't clear already, now it is: this first family is bringing lots of drama to the White House. And now, people are bound and determined to figure out whether or not one of Aubrey O'Day's songs, "DJT," is about Don Jr. and their supposed relationship. Bustle has reached out to both Don Jr.'s and Aubrey O'Day's representatives for comment.
Us Weekly described one source's take on the alleged relationship, suggesting that O'Day was supposedly hurt when it ended. Again, this has been confirmed by neither O'Day nor Don Jr.
When it started, they were very serious all of a sudden. He told her it was over with his wife, that they were separated and he didn't love her — all of that stuff … Aubrey fell for him hard. She thought they were going to be together for real.
It didn't come as a surprise, then, that people started connecting the dots. The lyrics to O'Day's song, "DJT," repeats the phrase, "I hate me for loving you, hate you for letting our love die."
The first part of the song consists of spoken word that pretty much comes straight from O'Day's heart.
Whatever the truth is defines the reality of you and I forever
And I need to be able to define that before I can walk away
I thought it was forever at the time but maybe I was lying to myself
Is that what you want?
You want to believe that everything with me was a lie? A fantasy?
And you want to go back and live in the life that you had have forever?
I don't know, I couldn't do what I said I would do
So that answered the question for me
I'll always want you and always wonder about it
But it doesn't matter because I have to stay here
What made you stop believing in our world?
You know, I think probably the loss of the other world
I'm torn between two worlds both of which I wanted
The song was released in 2013, which would have been about a year after the supposed affair ended in March 2012.
The song continues as she comes to the conclusion that she absolutely has to move on, because the relationship isn't necessarily what she thought it was.
I have to move on, I need your help
I can't believe that this was all a lie
You have to tell me you love me
But the song isn't the only hint O'Day might have decided to drop about the affair. Just before Trump won the presidential election in November 2016, O'Day tweeted, “No. my story I didn't tell is worth millions now … this doesn't hurt me, it hurts America.” The tweet has since been deleted.
Regardless of the veracity behind the reports of an affair, Vanessa and Don Jr. released a joint statement saying they will always respect each other.
After 12 years of marriage, we have decided to go our separate ways. We will always have tremendous respect for each other and our families. We have five beautiful children together and they remain our top priority. We ask for your privacy during this time.
That being said, the reported affair between Don Jr. and O'Day certainly won't make dealing with the divorce — in the public eye nonetheless — any easier. And considering Don Jr. is so closely associated with the White House, expect these reports to be addressed soon.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It feels like summer is very much over as wet weather has taken over in Bristol this week.
The skies have opened so much so the Met Office has issued yellow weather warnings - but when is the sunshine due to return?
The bad news is, there's a fair amount of time to wait.
The rest of today (Wednesday, May 30) will remain bleak, and the Met Office has issued a fresh warning for storms with up to 80mm of rainfall due to come down in two hours .
Tomorrow (Thursday, May 31) will also be a wet, muggy day. Temperatures are predicted to hit highs of 22C, but clouds will remain for the majority of the day.
While the morning won't be too soggy, heavy rain is predicted throughout the afternoon, from around 3pm.
June won't start too brightly, either. Friday (June 1) will see the Met Office's yellow warning for rain remain in place. Temperatures will be around 19C.
The weather warning will have been lifted by Saturday (June 2), but the first day of the weekend of the month is not looking like one to spent soaking up the sun in a beer garden.
Saturday will remain cloudy for most of the day, and expect it to feel humid as temperatures will reach highs of 19C.
The sun *should* return in the evening, from around 7pm.
Sunday (June 3) is when the wet weather finally looks set to disappear. It'll be a cloudy day with bursts of sunshine - and temperatures are set to hit 22C. Time to get the sun cream out, folks.
Beatrice Fihn's group won the Nobel Peace Prize after helping push a nuclear weapons ban through the United Nations — in the same year that President Donald Trump threatened North Korea with a war of unprecedented destruction. So when Fihn warned in her weekend acceptance speech that “our mutual destruction is only one impulsive tantrum away,” she didn't need to spell out whose tantrum she meant. “You were referring to President Trump, weren't you?” Al Jazeera reporter James Bays asked her in a followup interview published Monday. Fihn, executive director of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN), laughed nervously with her audience at Oslo City Hall. When she didn't answer, Bays tried again.
Article Continued Below
“Tell us what you think about the current president of the United States — the man in charge of the nuclear football, the man with the launch codes — and his temperament,” he said. “I think it's a very dangerous situation,” Fihn responded. Trump sometimes surprises his own aides with sudden public tirades.
He's been accused of desiring a new nuclear arms race and once told his secretary of state not to waste time negotiating with North Korea, whose leader he dubbed “Little Rocket Man.” “Openly mocking diplomacy as an alternative — that is one of the most dangerous things, I think,” Fihn told Bays. “To see negotiated agreements, solutions to problems, peaceful solution as something negative, and that bombing, killing civilians would be better — it's absurd.” Bays noted that Fihn would probably be critical of any U.S. president. The country lobbied against the nuclear ban treaty her coalition helped pass through the U.N. General Assembly in July — even though no nuclear power signed the agreement, and it is still far short of being ratified by 50 countries so it can become international law. But the reporter reminded Fihn of something she said in October, before her group won a Nobel Prize for rallying hundreds of international groups to work together on disarmament. “You tweeted, ‘Donald Trump is a moron,'” Bays said. Fihn laughed nervously again. She had written the tweet shortly after a report leaked that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had said the same thing about Trump.
Read more about:
Publicist Jo Milloy later released a statement saying “the time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together.”
Photos released Friday showed a meeting of Victoria “Posh Spice” Beckham, Melanie “Sporty Spice” Chisholm, Emma “Baby Spice” Bunton, Melanie “Scary Spice” Brown and Geri “Ginger Spice” Horner.
LONDON—The Spice Girls have confirmed plans to work together for the first time in six years, though details of the projects remain undisclosed.
It said new projects would “embrace the original essence of the Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations.”
The Sun newspaper says projects could include a TV talent show, though it said Saturday a live tour isn't planned.
The Spice Girls were a 1990s phenomenon, and last reunited at the 2012 London Olympics.
Peterborough City Council leader Cllr John Holdich:
In last week's column I focused on the work we are doing to help homeless families in the city by pledging £4 million to provide new homes in Midland Road and Bretton Court.
I also highlighted how we are actively working with residents in St Michael's Gate to help address any issues they are having with their accommodation.
This leads me on to the excellent work we have done to bring over a quarter of empty homes in the city back into use over the past 12 months.
Of the 574 privately-owned properties in the city that have been empty for more than six months, 31 per cent (179 empty homes) were brought back into use last year as part of our Empty Homes strategy.
In addition, over the last five years, in which the council has helped to bring 663 empty homes back into use, generating over £3 million for the authority from the government's New Homes Bonus scheme. I'm very proud of our proactive efforts to tackle this national problem. We have helped provide properties that were previously blighting communities to people who desperately need them. Our stance is to work with owners of empty homes and offer them advice and support, so if you own an empty property and are unsure about your options, please get in touch with our Empty Homes Service by calling 01733 86127 or visiting https://www.peterborough.gov.uk/residents/housing/empty-homes/
Our Phase Two budget proposals were published on Thursday on the council's website.
They are available to see via www.peterborough.gov.uk/budget. I'd invite you all to look at them and to make any comments through our consultation which starts at the same time.
Writing for the Sunday Telegraph ahead of the Local Government Finance Settlement, LGA Chairman Lord Porter warned core government funding to councils will be further cut in half over the next two years and completely phased out by the end of the decade, leaving local authorities with little choice but to increase council tax income. He went on to say that even this won't be enough to plug the funding gaps faced by councils.
This is the situation Peterborough City Council finds itself in, while trying to protect vital services to the public.
Our government grants have been cut by 80 per cent over the past eight years, down from £55million down to £10million. Our argument is that this is based on out of date population figures, which as we are the fourth fastest growing city, means we are unfairly funded compared to slower growing areas. Essentially it means that compared to other areas of the country, we are being asked to do far more with much less. Our Phase Two budget proposals will, we believe, protect vital services.
This may not be the case in years to come.
Please, for this reason, sign up for to our Stand Up For Peterborough campaign to help protect the council from further shortfalls in government funding in future years by visiting www.peterborough.gov.uk/standup
This week has marked six months since we introduced two Public Space Protection Orders (PSPO) in the city to help crackdown on anti-social behaviour such as littering, spitting and dog fouling.
Early indications suggest that both PSPOs have been successful - so far we have seen a gradual decrease in the number of fines issued for littering in both PSPOs and there has been a stark drop in unauthorised cycling in the city centre.
Finally, this week sees the launch of a positive new service, which the council has been instrumental in setting up to support children and young people with their well-being and mental health.
CHUMS will support children and young people with mild-moderate mental health issues such as anxiety and depression, as well as offering preventative interventions for other behaviours such as self harm. This is a really worthwhile initiative and I'm confident that it will transform our emotional well being and mental health services to better meet the needs of children and young people.
Jeremy Corbyn refuses to say if he's made any mis
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
On July 18 - on the 200th anniversary of her death - the new, plastic, Jane Austen £10 note will be formally unveiled.
The Bank of England announced their launch event will be at Winchester Cathedral, with members of the public able to book tickets free here.
Jane Austen died in Winchester in 1817 and is buried in the north aisle of the Cathedral. The new note "will recognise her universal appeal and enduring contribution to English literature", Winchester Cathedral said in a statement concerning the launch.
It will be the first time the public can see and interact with the new polymer note ahead of its September launch.
The new plastic £5 note sent collectors into a spin as they searched for special editions of the polymer bill - and history could well repeat in the autumn when the Jane Austen £10 hits cash machines across the country.
Collectors scrambled to pick up rare editions at the time - with low serial numbers selling for hundreds. The good news? We get to go through it all again soon as the plastic tenner is launched.
What we know about the plastic £10
(Photo: Reuters)
"The £10 paper banknote is the oldest Bank of England banknote design in circulation and therefore the security features require updating to take advantage of developments in technology," the Bank said in a recent paper.
Production of the new £10 polymer note began last August and the Bank has already printed more than 275 million notes, but they're not quite ready to launch yet.
The new note will be smaller than the current one - but larger than the new fiver. The size ratios will be the same as the ones between the old paper fiver and paper tenner.
It will be made of the same materials as the new five pound note too. And, yes, that means it will also have traces of animal fat in it.
The Bank of England has is currently looking into ways to make its new notes tallow-free. Saying it will "work closely with banknote polymer suppliers to determine what alternatives might be available".
But as hundreds of millions of them had already been printed, as things stand they will launch with tallow traces in them.
Banknote equipment manufactures have started to work adapting macines to fit the new tenner, and firms have started to place orders for key components, such as new ATM parts to accommodate the revised sized note.
The three Scottish issuing banks are also printing their next £10 notes on polymer - they will be released between September and October next year.
The Bank of England that we can expect the new polymer £10 note in September 2017.
After this, a new plastic £20 note will be released in 2020 - there are currently no plans to issue a plastic £50.
Finally! A woman!
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
Jane Austen will feature on the upcoming polymer note, as confirmed by Bank of England governor Mark Carney at a 2013 press conference.
There are currently no women on the back of English banknotes, something that caused some controversy when Winston Churchill was announced as the featured figure on the new fiver.
Austen's presence on the new £10 note was one of the first things announced by Carney after taking up his position.
“Jane Austen certainly merits a place in the select group of historical figures to appear on our banknotes," the Bank of England governor said.
"Her novels have an enduring and universal appeal and she is recognised as one of the greatest writers in English literature.
"As Austen joins Adam Smith, Boulton and Watt, and in future, Churchill, our notes will celebrate a diverse range of individuals who have contributed in a wide range of fields.”
More features of the new £10 note
(Photo: Getty Images)
Features of the design on the reverse of the Jane Austen note will include:
The quote – “I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading!” from Pride and Prejudice (Miss Bingley, Chapter XI).
Portrait of Jane Austen. Commissioned by James Edward Austen Leigh (Jane Austen's nephew) in 1870, adapted from an original sketch of Jane Austen drawn by her sister, Cassandra Austen.
An illustration of Miss Elizabeth Bennet undertaking “The examination of all the letters which Jane had written to her”– from a drawing by Isabel Bishop (1902-1988).
The image of Godmersham Park. Godmersham was home of Edward Austen Knight, Jane Austen's brother. Jane Austen visited the house often and it is believed that it was the inspiration for a number of her novels.
Jane Austen's writing table – the central design in the background is inspired by the 12 sided writing table, and writing quills, used by Jane Austen at Chawton Cottage.
Not got a lucky fiver in your stash? Check our guide on the most valuable coins here.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:19 Grinch steals gifts, but Arlington officers buy new ones
2:59 Cullen Davis on meeting with John Farr
1:59 Cullen Davis on the murder victims: 'That's ancient history'
2:37 Cullen Davis recalls the mansion murders
Japan 0 Ghana 2: Errors cost hosts in World Cup send-off match
Goals from Thomas Partey and Emmanuel Boateng saw Ghana beat World Cup qualifiers Japan 2-0 in Yokohama on Wednesday.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 18:24 IST 192 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Japan's Shinji Okazaki against Ghana
Japan's World Cup send-off match against Ghana did not go to plan as they lost 2-0 in Yokohama on Wednesday to a side that failed to qualify for the finals in Russia.
The game had been touted as preparation for Japan's Group H clash with Senegal, but it will likely give coach Akira Nishino cause for concern due to the nature of the goals conceded in their final match at home before their campaign starts on June 19.
Japan remained on level terms for just nine minutes, as Tomoaki Makino was penalised on the edge of the area and Thomas Partey found the bottom-right corner with his free-kick – goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima failing to keep it out despite getting his hands to it.
Keisuke Honda went close to restoring parity just after the half-hour mark, but Richard Ofori blocked the effort with his leg.
VIDEO: #Ghana supporters in Yokohama celebrate the Black Stars 2-0 lead over #Japan in a World Cup warm up in Yokohama pic.twitter.com/B0H8Emg8zP — Ghana Football Association (@ghanafaofficial) May 30, 2018
And Ghana took full advantage early in the second half – debutant Emmanuel Boateng slotting home a penalty after a dreadful mix-up between Kawashima and Makoto Hasebe resulted in the Levante attacker being brought down.
The Black Stars ultimately had little difficulty holding on, leaving Japan hoping to produce an improvement in their next World Cup warm-up games against Switzerland and Paraguay.
The International Monetary Fund forecasts growth in world trade volume will slow to 4% in 2018 from a projected 4.2% this year, though that's still higher than the seven-year-low of 2.4% hit in 2016. Photo: AP
Mumbai: The world's largest container shipping line says international freight rates are reversing after climbing for most of this year, raising questions about the sustainability of the global trade recovery.
Decade-old oversupply issues swamped demand for containerized sea trade in the third quarter, a senior official at Maersk Line Ltd said in an interview last week. Over 90% of trade is routed through ships, making the industry a bellwether for the worldwide economy.
“We have started to see some pockets of downward pressure,” said Steve Felder, Mumbai-based managing director of Maersk's South Asian unit. The global trade order book at around 13.5% of capacity isn't high, “however, given that freight rates are largely determined on the basis of supply-demand balance, they remain fragile,” he said.
The International Monetary Fund forecasts growth in world trade volume will slow to 4% in 2018 from a projected 4.2% this year, though that's still higher than the seven-year-low of 2.4% hit in 2016. Concern about US protectionism and China's attempts to rebalance its economy away from exports toward domestic consumption pose risks to the revival.
Maersk isn't alone. Drewry Shipping Consultants expects the container-shipping freight growth rate to drop to less than 10% in 2018 from around 15% in 2017 as a supply glut hits home. CMA CGM, the No. 3 container shipping company, recently signalled slightly lower rates for 2018 in early negotiations of Asia-Europe contracts, analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG wrote in a 29 November note.
“It remains very early in the negotiation period, but this uncertainty is plainly unhelpful to investor confidence,” they said.
Fitch Ratings expects supply of shipping containers to grow more than 5.5% in 2018, outpacing an over 4.5% expansion in demand.
Air-freight buoyant
In contrast, the air-freight market is buoyant after years in the doldrums, International Air Transport Association (IATA) said last week. The development of e-commerce should mean growth rates remain ahead of the pace of expansion in world trade.
Global trade volumes are recovering from a 2015-2016 slump with demand for goods and services rising 5% to 6% on Transpacific and Asia-to-Europe trade this year, according to Rahul Kapoor, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence.
Nevertheless, Felder, whose company is looking to negotiate higher prices in client contracts for next year, says much depends on how the supply glut pans out.
For India, Felder was optimistic. “Given containerized trade growth in the first half was somewhat subdued, it is possible that full-year growth will fall short of double digits,” he said. “Much will however depend on fourth-quarter growth levels, which so far look positive.” Bloomberg
IT speaks volumes about the state of the region's railways that many commuters will be disbelieving about Northern's slick new rolling stock until the state-of-the-art trains are actually introduced on local lines.
After all, it is almost 30 years since the network last enjoyed the level of investment that is being promised by the transport operator as the antiquated Pacer trains are finally phased out.
A symbol of the North-South divide that exists, it's ironic that the Pacers – little more than converted buses – will be pensioned off as London's £14.8bn Crossrail line opens for the first time.
Yet, while Northern believe that the modernisation programme will replicate the increase in passenger numbers when the key commuter lines from Leeds to Ilkley and Skipton were electrified as part of a major upgrade, the broader question is whether sufficient investment is going into Yorkshire's rail infrastructure.
If the number of travellers rise by the anticipated numbers, not only will there need to be far more new trains to cope with this demand but existing track will have to be overhauled so sufficient services can operate at peak times – this county should not have to wait for the advent of HS2 for painfully slow journey times to be cut between Leeds and Sheffield, the region's largest two cities.
And even though Transport for the North has published a draft plan, it will have to be signed off by Transport Secretary Chris Grayling who has demonstrated – repeatedly – that he's no friend of Yorkshire as he looks to advance Crossrail II. As such, Northern will only maximise its investment by joining forces with rival operators, transport bodies and local councils to press for the Government funds so this region can enjoy the quality, speed and frequency of services that are taken for granted in London and the South East. There's still a long way to go.
Lawrence University's men's and women's fencing hosted an exciting weekend of competition in the Buchanan Kiewit Wellness Center on Saturday, Jan. 20 and Sunday, Jan. 21. The first day started with the Lawrence Duals, which is a collegiate competition between teams from schools across the Midwest, while Sunday was the Lawrence USA Fencing Open which featured fencers of all ages.
The Lawrence Duals featured the varsity fencing team from the University of Chicago and Northwestern University as well as club fencing teams from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and the University of Iowa on the women's side of the competition. The Lawrence women won against each opponent to post a 4-0 mark on the day. They beat Wisconsin 25-2 going 9-0 in epée, 8-1 in foil and 8-1 in sabre. They were prefect against Northwestern, winning 27-0 and going 9-0 in all three weapons. The Lady Vikes cruised to a victory over the University of Chicago, 23-4 going 9-0 in epée, 9-0 in foil and 5-4 in sabre. They won the final dual of the day against the University of Iowa 25-2 going 8-1 in epée, a perfect 9-0 in foil and 8-1 in sabre.
On the men's side of the competition, the University of Chicago was the only other varsity fencing team, but it also featured club teams from Northwestern University, the University of Wisconsin-Madison and the University of Iowa. The Lawrence men posted a 3-1 record on the day. They beat Iowa 23-4 going 5-4 in epée and a perfect 9-0 in both foil and sabre. The Vikings took home a close victory against the University of Chicago 15-12. Lawrence was 5-4 in epée, 5-4 in foil and 6-3 in sabre. The Viking's third win of the day came against Wisconsin by a margin of 20-7. Lawrence was 7-2 in epée, 6-3 in foil and 7-2 in sabre. However, Lawrence narrowly lost to Northwestern 13-14 and went 6-3 in epée, 4-5 in foil and 3-6 in sabre.
On Sunday, the team competed as individuals in one of three events: mixed epée, mixed foil and mixed sabre. Two Lawrence fencers took home individual titles as sophomore Jakub Nowak won the mixed epée and junior Nathan Schlesinger won mixed foil. Other place winners for the Vikings were freshman Maria Boulandier, who was third in mixed epée, freshman Vinzenz Mayer, who was seventh in mixed epée, and freshman Cameron Mass, who was eighth in mixed epée. Senior Natalie Hagopian took second in mixed foil along with junior Jack Calkwood at fifth. In mixed sabre, senior Joe Davis tied for third and sophomore Allison Kim took ninth.
The fencing season is building towards the Midwest Fencing Conference Championships at the end of February and the NCAA Midwest Regional Championships at the beginning of March. Both events will be in Cleveland, Ohio. Lawrence has one more competition to hone their skills before these big events as they will be back in action on Saturday, Feb. 3 and Sunday, Feb. 4 at the Northwestern Duals.
"My husband and I are almost 59. Every month we host a dinner and games night with our adult children and their significant others.
"We used to cook everything, then one person suggested a pot luck with everyone contributing.
"Every month we have a different food theme — "Italian," "Korean," "tasty gluten-free," etc.
"I decorate the table in the theme, mostly using Dollar Store finds, and play music fitting the theme.
"After dinner, we play games and/or go for a walk on the nearest trail.
"We have a lot of laughs on these family nights. I see us continuing to do this as grandchildren come along. We'll have pop-up cots and play pens for them.
"We may change our get-togethers to the afternoon.
"We may have to go to them, so that their kids can sleep in their beds.
"We'll adapt to whatever comes up and have regular family plans so that everyone knows that this family spends time together.
"Grandparents need to reach out and let their children know that they miss them. It doesn't have to be expensive or elaborate, just a chance to spend some time in one-another's lives.
"If grandkids live close enough, grandparents can ask to be advised of important sports and arts events in which the children are participating.
"They can show up once a month or so. There are always ways to reach out and start new family traditions.
"Chances are, the adult kids and grandkids have busy lives and just don't have the time or the willingness to take the initiative.
"And grandparents can also let their children know that as they grew older, they've thought about what's most important and meaningful in life."
Ellie — Wonderful examples of being proactive keeping family get-togethers welcoming, fun, and adaptive to everyone's needs.
Feedback
Regarding "Hounded at Work" by her intrusive co-worker:
Reader: "The letter-writer should've been advised to view this situation as an opportunity to learn strategies for dealing with difficult people.
"She needs to know that she can learn to be more assertive and confident — skills that'll help her in her career.
"Workshops, books, and online resources teach these strategies.
"Employees should only reach out to HR personnel for help with serious issues that they couldn't be expected to navigate on their own."
Ellie — When a letter-writer feels "distressed and emotionally drained," I offer compassion as well as direction. The "problem" was serious to her.
But I did suggest that if she didn't want to involve Human Resources, to "gather your strength and speak up to the co-worker yourself.
"Say you're busy and don't engage. If she interrupts a conversation, stop her early and say it's a private chat."
ellieadvice.com
ellieadvice.com
Published:
Share This
Film Breakdown: Does New Eagles DT Haloti Ngata Still Have It?
Film Breakdown: Does New Eagles DT Haloti Ngata Still Have It? Mar 19
While he may not have been the dominant anchor that he was during his prime years in Baltimore, Haloti Ngata was still an inside force on the Detroit Lions' defensive line from 2015-17. He showed little regression in the first five games of last season before he suffered a torn biceps.
But the new Eagles defensive tackle, who signed a one-year contract on Thursday, is now one year older and coming off surgery. How much could the 34-year-old have left at this point in his career?
“I feel I have a lot,” Ngata said last week.
If true, he could be an upgrade over Beau Allen, who left for the Buccaneers via free agency. And Ngata, a long-time starter, should get an extra breather as the third defensive tackle behind Fletcher Cox and Tim Jernigan. From 2015-16, he played about 63 percent of the time. Allen was on the field about 42 percent of the time last season for the Eagles.
Poll Which free agent who has signed elsewhere will the Eagles miss the most? Beau Allen
LeGarrette Blount
Trey Burton
Vinny Curry
Patrick Robinson Vote Results
As for scheme, Ngata shouldn't have to make much of a transition in Philly. The Lions' 4-3 front utilized a similar one-gap technique. Ngata had the opportunity to play in a multiple front had he stayed in Detroit with new coach Matt Patricia. But he had done the two-gap, 3-4 thing with the Ravens and said his preference was to stay in an aggressive system.
The 6-foot-4, 340-pound Ngata is known as a run stopper, but he was once one of the best pound-for-pound pass rushers. He can still move well. Here's a closer look at Ngata from last season and how he may contribute to the 2018 Eagles defense:
RUN DEFENSE
The Lions were a decidedly different run defense before and after Ngata's injury, at least statistically. In their first five games with him, they allowed just 74.6 yards a game and 3.3 yards per rush on the ground. In their final 11 games without Ngata, the Lions gave up 129.7 yards per game and 4.5 yards per carry.
Ngata's (No. 92) strength has always made him a difficult one-on-one assignment for guards, as the Giants' Justin Pugh (No. 67) found out firsthand on this play.
Ngata was explosive enough to shoot gaps, but he could be a one-man wrecking crew. He ran over Falcons backup guard Wes Schweitzer (No. 71) on the way to tripping up running back Devonta Freeman (No. 24) on this play.
Ngata has always drawn a lot of attention and double teams.
Ngata: I'm a big guy. But I don't see that happen much here because there's too many good defensive linemen here.
Cox has drawn the most inside double teams over the last several years, but if offenses focused too often on the all-pro, other Eagles linemen would make them pay. Ngata anchors well against double-team blocking. On this play, he clogged a gap and forced Giants tailback Paul Perkins (No. 28) to alter his path.
Ngata was an immovable beast at times. A good run defense is one in which all 11 players play off each other. Every defender has a job in terms of gap discipline, but when Ngata could tie up two linemen and hold his ground, it would often allow the next wave of linebackers and safeties to make tackles at or near the line.
Ngata: It was still just shooting gaps in Detroit. Sometimes you got doubled teamed by the way you were penetrating.
Soft-spoken off the field, Ngata is often violent at the point of attack. On this play, he shed a blocker, got a hand on running back Christian McCaffrey (No. 22) and would not be denied.
PASS RUSHING
Ngata averaged five sacks and 10 quarterbacks hits a season from 2010-12. He went to five straight Pro Bowls on the strength of his run defense, but he could be a handful on passing downs. He still got after quarterbacks last season as he showed here when he sacked Eli Manning. Ngata benefited from a stunt and good coverage, but he kept chugging until he caught the quarterback and slammed him to the ground.
He can also rush from other inside spots. On this play, he stood over the nose of Panthers backup center Tyler Larsen (No. 69) and walked him back into quarterback Cam Newton (No. 1).
Like many inside linemen, Ngata saw his share of double teams on passing downs. He's not an elite rusher, though, and doesn't have much in the way of moves vs. solo blocking.
HIGH MOTOR / EFFORT
But there is hardly ever a time when he doesn't give full effort. On this play, despite getting chopped to the ground, he got up, ran downfield and tripped up Freeman from behind.
And on this rush, despite getting doubled, he followed the ball, chased Cardinals running back David Johnson (No. 31) out of the backfield and crunched him from behind short of a first down.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Ballinamore Comhaltas is proud to announce that they will be holding the 2017 Leitrim Fleadh Cheoil from April 28-30, 2017.
The Committee is planning a busy weekend of competitions, music sessions, dancing, singing sessions, youth sessions, lectures, CD launches, concerts and ceilidhs.
The last Leitrim Fleadh to be held in Ballinamore was 2010 when thousands of people attended.
The last Connaught Fleadh in Ballinamore was in 2005.
John McCartin, Chairman of Comhaltas Ballinamore said, “For generations Ballinamore has been a beacon of traditional culture. We are proud to host what will certainly be the highlight of the Irish music calendar in the northwest. Building on the past success of our Mor Cheol festivals, Ballinamore will host concerts, recitals, lectures and a session trail to celebrate the Leitrim Fleadh 2017.”
Terry Shortt, Chairman of Ballinamore Tourist Committee and Chairman of the Fleadh Committee said, “Lying halfway between the Shannon and Erne waterways, Ballinamore is at the crossroads of the North West.
“Having hosted the Bard of Breffni for generations, Ballinamore is the ideal home for the Leitrim Fleadh and we look forward to welcoming visitors during the weekend. Between our Blueways and Greenways, and the music and the craic we surely will provide for the body and the mind.”
Musician Lorraine Sweeney, Secretary of Ballinamore Comhaltas said, “We are delighted to host the Leitrim Fleadh, which is a fantastic opportunity for local youngsters to display their talent and dedication to the tradition.”
There will be a number of fundraising events in the weeks preceding the Fleadh and the branch is appealing for volunteers to help.
Volunteers should contact Sarah Garden (087)7620523.
Join the Facebook page @fleadhballinamore2017 to keep updated with events and visit www.ballinamore.ie
By Tim Brennan
When the Massachusetts Department of Transportation released a draft of its five-year state rail plan earlier this year, it faced concerns from transportation advocates and organizations based here in Western Massachusetts that the plan understates our region's economic growth potential. Accordingly, agencies like the Pioneer Valley Planning Commission voiced concerns that the plan doesn't fully reflect rail's impact on the region's economy or how additional rail system investments could help bolster job growth and economic competitiveness
These advocates understand, as I do, that rail is an economic imperative - one that not only connects our citizens via passenger service but also provides business with efficient service while taking cars off of our increasingly congested and beaten up roadways.
Here in the greater Springfield area, we enjoy the connectivity of a class I freight railroad, CSX, along with several short line railroads including the Genesee & Wyoming, Pioneer Valley and Massachusetts Central which, taken together offer shippers an extensive network of connections throughout the Northeast. These railroads, along with the 12 other short lines dotting the Massachusetts landscape, move nearly 400,000 carloads in the state annually, taking some 900,000 trucks off the road each year.
Although the supply chain might not be a big focus for the average person, it's undeniably key to our region's daily quality of life. Freight railroads deliver raw inputs and finished goods for our factories, providing reliable, cost-effective and sustainable connectivity that encourages business and local development of all kinds. CSX found, for example, that in 2015 Massachusetts businesses invested over $78 million in new or expanded facilities on its own lines or connecting regional and short lines.
In partnership with trucks and ships, and utilizing an interconnected intermodal freight system, freight trains also deliver consumer goods to store shelves. Intermodal shipments in fact comprise the largest percentage of rail traffic entering and exiting Massachusetts annually. And rail is an important partner to Massachusetts' paper and pulp industry.
To frame rail's importance in a different way, it's valuable to look at the state of our other infrastructure systems. The American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) says 16 percent of Massachusetts' public roads are in poor condition and 9 percent of our bridges are considered structurally deficient. A lack of ample funding to maintain and improve the commonwealth's roads and bridges means these problems can only get worse over time.
In stark contrast, privately owned freight railroads have invested some $100 billion of their own money on rail infrastructure over the last four years alone. These dollars help maintain and expand operations, enhancing efficiency for the shippers that depend on rail connections to reach markets both domestic and abroad. Indeed, freight railroads haul one-third of all U.S. exports.
Rail companies' private investments today can help our region meet future freight demands, boosting Massachusetts' economy for years to come. These economic benefits are felt nationwide as well as reflected in a recent analysis, which found that freight rail contributes hundreds of billions of dollars to our nation's economy while supporting over 1 million jobs throughout the U.S.
One of the best parts of this success story is that it's predicated on smart public policy. The Staggers Rail Act of 1980 partially deregulated freight railroads, taking the government out of day-to-day pricing and scheduling decisions. This freedom to run the rails like a business worked, enabling railroads to earn sufficient revenue to reinvest in their infrastructure. And freight rail investments have clearly paid off, with a 45 percent drop in shipping costs and a 79 percent reduction in the number of accidents. Not only is freight rail the most efficient it has ever been, it is one of the safest and most fuel-efficient modes of transportation currently available.
As our local and state officials consider transportation options and plans over the longer term - much like MDOT's rail plan - they need to carefully consider the many benefits of a modern freight rail system and how they can support policies and investments that continually build on its strengths. Looking to the future, the Western Massachusetts economy can certainly benefit if more freight moves over an improved and modernized rail network.
Tim Brennan is the Executive Director of the Pioneer Valley Planning Commission, a regional planning body for the Pioneer Valley region, which encompasses 43 cities and towns in the Hampden and Hampshire county areas.
A personal column by the Harrogate Advertiser's Graham Chalmers
It's undoubtedly some sort of failing on my part but unless the person in lycra is brandishing a British flag and winning a medal I'm not really interested in cycling.
And, despite the resurgence in the sport's popularity in recent years in this country, I don't think I'm alone in the Harrogate district in believing the world doesn't revolve entirely around bikes.
Mutterings have been coming my away for months from various sources, mainly local small shops, complaining that playing host to major cycling events has a downside, too.
I've heard it said a few times that nearly every small trader in Harrogate town centre except Greggs took a bit of a pasting during last year's Tour De Yorkshire - or was that a pasty?
Anyone with a modicum of common sense will admit that such sporting events are probably worth millions in sheer marketing for our district's brand, as well as filling hotel rooms.
If negative voices have grown stronger recently it isn't because of the possibility of the return at some point of the Tour de France, which almost everyone agrees was an incredibly memorable occasion.
No, it's the prospect of the UCI Road Cycling World Championships arriving in Harrogate for nine days next year which is throwing up dust on the road.
Nine days?
At this point I should probably say something constructive like, perhaps, it might be a good idea if organisers could integrate small town centre businesses into the occasion somehow.
But nine days? Nine days!
Campaigning against paper cups
I said farewell to paper cups the other week and said hello to a smart reusable blue and white drinks container.
The spur for this momentous decision was stories in the national press about bulging landfill sites across the land building up as a result of the behaviour of coffee lovers like myself.
I also heard recently that a single well-known outlet in Harrogate dishes out 10,000 paper cups a week to mugs like me which end up goodness knows where.
No one likes a clever clogs but I also use public transport regularly, have an organic veg box delivered on a weekly basis and for the past 16 years have boycotted 15 major firms and shops that seem to be more part of the problem than the solution.
Environmentally holier than thou, sir?
To be serious, I really am not claiming any great credit for myself in any of this.
None of the above really oblige me to make any great sacrifice for the sake of the planet.
There's also the problem that some cafes have a bad habit of trying to make the coffee in a paper cup before transferring it into my plastic one.
As I write I can imagine naysayers muttering “what does he want, the Nobel Prize? All he's done is stopped using paper cups!”
That, of course, is the point.
It's such an easy step to take.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The huge sky-lantern event is set to commence in the Peak District near moorland and has been slammed by opponents as irresponsible.The Lights Fest, organised by a US company which promises families to "ignite their personalised sky lanterns with Tiki torches and let them take flight," is due to be held at Buxton Raceway, Derbyshire on 28 July.The petition currently has over 8,000 signatories as of July 4th and says that "allowing this event to go ahead is dangerous and irresponsible, as the risk of starting further fires is extremely high".The petition asks the public and local MPs to garner support to get the event cancelled.The Peak District National Park has released a statement, saying the risk of fires from sky lanterns will be "lethal" to local wildlife and the environment."We would like to see the Lights Festival stopped. As a National Park, we do not support the release of sky lanterns due to the potential impacts on wildlife and livestock, however our primary concern is now the risk of fire that is increased with the release of thousands of lanterns so close to the Peak District National Park boundary," the statement said."Although the lanterns are claimed to be biodegradable and with a short burn period, there is no further detail provided on this, and by their very nature, the travel and final location of lanterns remains indiscriminate.The Park added: "To release thousands of naked flames into the sky when hundreds of firefighters and others are still battling flames in already tough conditions on the ground seems to go against all common sense."It follows recent moorland and gorse fires seen throughout the UK during the ongoing heatwave, most notably at Saddleworth Moor , Winter Hill and Glenshane Pass , Northern Ireland.Derbyshire Fire & Rescue are now in talks with the event organisations to cancel it from going ahead. The Derbyshire Events Safety Advisory Group has also expressed concerns.The public and the local farming industry in Dumfries and Galloway successfully put a stop to a Lights Fest sky lantern event last month It was due to take place on the Springkell estate near Lockerbie in September, but it attracted heavy criticism from local farmers, who said the timing of the event was particularly bad since harvest would be under way.The farming industry has frequently warned of the damage the sky lanterns bring to livestock health and farm buildings, which pose a threat as a dangerous fire hazard.
Camelot Homes has received Gold Nugget honors in PCBC's annual competition for its White Horse community in North Scottsdale.
The competition honors architectural design and planning excellence and draws entries internationally.
Camelot Homes earned Merit Award honors for White Horse, which was honored for Best Single Family Detached Home 3,500-4,500 square feet (Cheval floorplan), Best Single Family Detached Home more than 4,500 square feet (Cavallo floorplan), and Best Indoor/Outdoor Lifestyle for a Home (Cavallo and Equus floorplans).
Homes in the White Horse community “reflect a true paradigm shift in new home design with more outdoor space, options and flexibility to raise the standard of luxury living,” according to a release announcing the awards.
The gated community is off Pima Road and Los Gatos Drive next to DC Ranch in North Scottsdale.
“White Horse has been a personal passion project for our family. We extensively researched talented architects and interior designers, pursued our vision of indoor and outdoor resort living and incorporated personal touches on the homes,” Cammie Hancock Beckert, managing director of Camelot Homes, stated. “Camelot Homes is thrilled White Horse has been so warmly received.”
The Grand Awards will be chosen from the Merit Award winners and announced Thursday, June 28, in San Francisco as a highlight of PCBC, the nation's largest regional conference and trade show for the real estate development industry.
“Gold Nugget Award winners reflect our industry's best, brightest and most innovative architects, planners and builder/developers,” stated judging chairman and Gold Nugget ceremonies administrator Lisa Parrish.
Winners this year were chosen from more than 600 entries from around the world.
The Scottsdale Independent is published monthly and mailed to 75,000 homes and businesses in Scottsdale.
San Francisco: After the European Union`s new data privacy regulations came into effect on May 25, Twitter started suspending users who, it believes, joined the platform before turning 13, the media reported.
But the process has become messy as this latest wave of suspension has affected many adults, including journalists, technology website Motherboard reported on Wednesday.
Among those affected is Canadian journalist Tom Yun, who is older than 13, the report said.
Twitter notified Yun that "in order to create a Twitter account, you must be at least 13 years old" and "you don`t meet these age requirements", according to notifications from the microblogging site shared by the journalist on a new Twitter account.
The European Union`s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) stipulates that the age of consent for using online services should not be lower than 13.
The Motherboard report said that some users did not enter a date of birth when they signed up on Twitter, but added it to their profile later.
Twitter cannot legally keep content on its platform that was created by someone under the age of 13, but at the same time it cannot separate content created before age 13 and after, according to the company.
So the microblogging site opted to suspend users whose provided date of birth indicates they were under the age of 13 when they signed up.
Although suspended users who are now eligible to sign up for the service can create a new account, the process of new suspensions reveals the repercussion for Twitter not enforcing its own rules regarding the minimum age as Twitter has long required that users must be over 13 years old to use the service.
By Joe Emersberger
February 02, 2018 “Information Clearing House” – In 1998, when the late Hugo Chavez was first elected, Venezuela had a poverty rate of about 50 percent despite having been among the world's top oil exporters since the 1930s — and had governments that consistently had good relations with the United States.
In the late 1970s, at one of its most prosperous points ever as measured by per capita GDP, Venezuela's child mortality rate was about double that of Cuba's and Costa Rica's.
In April of 2002, Chavez was overthrown for two days in a military coup. The New York Times editorial board said the coup was a victory for democracy and praised the soon-to-be ousted dictator, Pedro Carmona, as a “respected businessman”.
Prominent opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Henrique Capriles led the kidnapping of a government minister while Carmona was in power.
Sixty people were killed in the uprising that ousted Carmona. The U.S. Office of the Inspector General conceded that the Bush Administration provided “training, institution building and other support” to groups involved in the military coup.
Two months before Chavez was overthrown in 2002, he floated Venezuela's currency. It was set by supply and demand rather than at a fixed rate or multiple rates set by the government.
In other words, Chavez corrected what would become the government's most devastating error in economic policy in recent years.
Months after the coup, the U.S.-backed opposition led a two month shutdown of the oil industry that drove the poverty rate over 60 percent.
The government reverted to a fixed exchange rate system and never again floated the currency.
Unfortunately, the exchange rate system has generally been credited by government supporters with preventing capital flight, and therefore contributing to the rapid growth and poverty reduction Venezuela experienced since the defeat of the oil industry shutdown until about the time Chavez died in March of 2013.
Even before oil prices collapsed in late 2014, Venezuela's economy went into recession due to an inflation-devaluation spiral that should have been ended by floating the currency.
The oil price collapse made the problem drastically worse. Floating the currency again, as Chavez did before the coup, would require external financing to ensure that the poor are protected during the transition, as an economic team put together by The Union of South American Nations (UNASUR) recommended in 2016.
Torino Capital noted weeks ago that all of Venezuela's $64 billion in outstanding foreign currency bonds are governed by New York law.
The Venezuelan government's most valuable non-financial asset abroad is CITGO, a Houston-based corporation. It is obvious that the U.S. has ample financial power with which to harm Venezuelans if it is liberated from any moral or legal constraints by the U.S. media's coverage of Venezuela.
That's exactly what has happened. One now is more likely to find articles and op-eds in the U.S. media defending Saudi Arabia's monstrous dictatorship than Venezuela's democracy.
Years before President Donald Trump explicitly, and illegally, outlawed Venezuela from borrowing or selling assets through the U.S. financial system, President Barack Obama ludicrously declared Venezuela an “extraordinary threat” to the “national security” of the United States.
Obama's belligerence, given U.S. financial clout, would scare away rational investors and deter loans — therefore increasing the stress on an economy already in crisis.
Trump, who has even threatened Venezuela with military assault, has simply unmasked the malevolence of U.S. policy entirely. His illegal financial embargo makes it nearly impossible for Venezuela to restructure its debt, an essential part of an economic recovery; and deprives more Venezuelans of food and life-saving medicines.
Since at least 2002, it has always been about putting U.S. allies in power in Venezuela regardless how many innocent people are hurt in the process.
ABOUT THE WRITER
A native of Ontario, Joe Emersberger is a popular opinion writer in Canada. He is a mechanical engineer and member of the UNIFOR trade union. Readers may write him at 2360 Kildare Rd., Windsor, Ontario N8W 2X7
– See Also –
Tillerson says Venezuelan military may turn on Maduro
Venezuela slams US comments on military ouster of Maduro
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/48714.htm
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale was peppered with questions and offers of assistance from his G7 counterparts after Monday's daylight tragedy that saw the driver of a rental van barrel through a crowd of people on a north Toronto sidewalk, killing 10 pedestrians and injuring 15.
TORONTO—Security ministers from the G7 countries are discussing how to fight the threats lurking in the internet's dark spaces against the backdrop of a city reeling from Monday's deadly van attack.
Goodale maintains no motive for the attack has been found to link it to a national security threat, although he acknowledges that the police investigation is in its early stages.
A major focus of the final day of the G7 ministerial meeting in Toronto will be addressing violent extremism and looking at the role of the internet as a tool for training, propaganda and financing.
Goodale says he and his fellow G7 leaders will be calling on major internet service providers that are also at this meeting — Google, Facebook, Twitter and Microsoft — to do more to prevent their platforms from being exploited.
He says it's a conversation that started last fall during Italy's G7 presidency, and that remains urgent.
Tom DiRico's latest career change hit a little too close to home.
And that's OK.
The Agawam resident was appointed last week as the general manager and director of golf at Agawam Municipal Golf Course. DiRico takes over for Tony Roberto, who resigned after five seasons.
"I live 10 minutes away, it's so nice,'' DiRico said. "I was always driving 45-50 minutes one way.''
DiRico had worked as director of golf at Quaboag Country Club in Monson for the last five years, after spending 18 at Chicopee CC and the previous 20 at Shaker Farms CC in Westfield.
"It means a lot, that Agawam felt very confident that I could do the job,'' DiRico said. "My goal here is to bring business to the golf course. A lot of golf courses are struggling, not many are doing the business they were doing 18 or 20 years ago. We're all in the same boat, competing for the same market.''
DiRico, 69, said the opportunity fell into place rather quickly and that he'd hope his experience with the municipally-owned Chicopee CC would be a plus.
"The two are not run the same, but that will help as will all of my experience,'' DiRico said.
DiRico said leaving Quaboag was a tough decision, as "(owner) Bill Plante treated me very well, the members were always great,'' he said.
"Moving forward, I just want to bring more business to the golf course and make use a great banquet facility. I'm excited about the challenge of being in charge of food and beverage as well.''
DiRico said he'll continue as co-host of "The 19th Hole,'' a weekly golf talk radio show on WEEI 105.5 FM. The show, sponsored by Swing Oil Beer, is co-hosted by Tommy Pluta Saturday's from 7-8 a.m.
Roberto has accepted a Director of Golf position at The Windham Club in North Windham, Conn., which was formerly named Willimantic CC.
WERENSKI SHINES: South Hadley native Richy Werenski posted his best finish of the 2018 season when he tied for 11th place at the Texas Valero Open.
The second-year PGA Tour player carded rounds of 72, 68, 68 and 71 to finish at 9-under Sunday.
Werenski, 26, has made three of his last four cuts and nine of 17 overall. His official season earnings total is $278,753 and he ranks 143 on the FedEx Cup rankings entering this week's Zurich Classic of New Orleans.
He nearly carded the fourth top-10 of his 44-start career.
THRESHER UPDATE: Two-time defending Massachusetts Open champion Jason Thresher has fared well through four starts during his rookie season on the PGA Latin America Tour.
The former Crestview CC member ranks 35th on the tour's Order of Merit, with a tie for 16th and share of 18th ranking as his two best finishes. He has made all four cuts and has won $6,221.
The former Bryant University star earned a spot on tour with a tie for seventh at the PLTA Qualifying Tournament in January.
LOCAL NOTES: Check out wmassteeparty.com for more information about the Western Mass. Tee Party. Longmeadow CC pro Tim Quirk will be honored May 11 for his commitment and service to golf. Call (413) 567-8412 for details ... Wilbraham's Matt Naumec led Boston College to its best-ever finish at the ACC Championships. The Eagles finished 10th, behind a 21st place individual effort by Naumec ... The Golf Channel's "Morning Drive'' was hosted on-site, at Callaway Golf in Chicopee, Tuesday morning ... Ludlow CC hosts its Men's Low Amateur tournament May 6 and a men's senior open two-ball on Monday, May 14. Call (413) 583-3434 for details ... Jim Furyk, Zach Johnson and Bryson DeChambeau have committed to play at the Travelers Championship, June 21-24. The field already includes reigning Masters champion Patrick Reed, Rory McIlroy, Justin Thomas and Bubba Watson. For ticket details or more information, visit www.TravelersChampionship.com.
This Sunday, April 16, 2017 frame from video posted on Facebook shows Robert Godwin Sr. in Cleveland moments before being fatally shot. The search for murder suspect Steve Stephens put authorities in surrounding states on the lookout Monday after police said the man might have left Ohio. (Facebook via AP)
CLEVELAND — Authorities in several states were on the lookout Monday for a man police say shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
“He could be nearby. He could be far away or anywhere in between,” FBI agent Stephen Anthony said on Day 2 of the manhunt for Steve Stephens, a 37-year-old job counselor for teens and young adults.
Police said Stephens killed Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old former foundry worker, on Sunday.
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite the suspect's claim in a separate video on Facebook that he killed over a dozen people.
Officers searched dozens of places around the city and spoke with the suspect by cellphone, police said.
Police Chief Calvin Williams warned residents to be careful as the go about their day.
Authorities also warned people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be alert for Stephens, who was wanted on a charge of aggravated murder.
Godwin apparently was shot while out picking up cans in a plastic shopping bag, his daughter said.
“Not because he needed the money, it was just something he did,” said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin. “That's all he was doing. He wasn't harming anyone.”
She said her father, who had 10 children, was a gentle man with nothing mean about him.
“We called him the junk man,” she said. “He'd pick up things off the street and fix them. He picked up bikes and he fixed them.”
The motive for the shooting wasn't entirely clear from the shaky video, in which Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, “She's the reason that this is about to happen to you.” Godwin did not seem to recognize the woman's name.
The suspect then pointed a gun at Godwin, who shielded his face with the plastic bag.
Facebook said the video was posted after the killing but wasn't broadcast on Facebook Live as police initially indicated. The suspect did go live on the social media site at another point Sunday.
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down. Stephens' Facebook page also was eventually removed.
“This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,” the company said. “We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety.”
Advertisement
In the separate video, Stephens said: “I killed 13, so I'm working on 14 as we speak.”
Police said they have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike, near Cleveland. He helped young people develop job skills and find employment, said Beech Brook spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer.
An extensive background check before he was hired turned up nothing worrisome, she said.
“We just hope Mr. Stephens is apprehended as quickly as possible so that no one else is injured,” she said.
In one of the videos, Stephens could be seen holding up his employee identification and said: “I'm killing with my Beech Brook badge on, too.”
From the WWE rumor mill: Spoiler on Roman Reigns' big announcement next week on Raw
Next week's episode of RAW might feature a surprise return from a sidelined WWE Superstar
by Prityush Haldar News 15 Jun 2017, 12:26 IST
Roman Reigns is scheduled to announce his Summerslam plans next week on RAW
What's the story?
Roman Reigns will be making an appearance on RAW next week to announce his plans going into Summerslam. According to Cageside Seats, rumour has it that Roman's promo next week may be cut short by a returning Braun Strowman.
In case you didn't know...
Braun Strowman and Roman Reigns had a lengthy feud during the early part of 2017. Strowman power slammed Roman through a table at the Royal Rumble costing him an opportunity at the WWE Universal Championship.
The two men would face each other again at WWE Fastlane and WWE Payback. Strowman was later sidelined due to an elbow injury which would apparently take him six months to recover from.
The heart of the matter
Cagesideseats.com reported that Braun Strowman could attack Roman Reigns to set up a program at Great Balls of Fire which could even extend till Summerslam. The claims come at a time when reports have emerged of Strowman being cleared for in-ring action.
WWE is pleased with the number that the Samoa Joe vs. Brock Lesnar is doing on social media. WWE officials are even considering a continuation of the feud between the two behemoths. This will leave Roman open for Summerslam and another run with Strowman may be on the cards for the Big Dog.
What's next?
WWE is stacking up the card for the inaugural Great Balls of Fire PPV. Lesnar vs. Samoa Joe has been confirmed for the event. Other major feuds such as Seth Rollins vs. Bray Wyatt, Miz vs. Dean Ambrose, and Alexa Bliss vs. Nia Jax are also rumoured to fill the card for the event.
WWE Great Balls of Fire will emanate from the American Airlines Center in Dallas, TX on July 9.
Author's take
WWE has planned on using their top babyfaces sporadically on their weekly shows. That is the reason why Finn Balor and Roman Reigns were not on RAW this past week. Reigns' Summerslam announcement has the WWE Universe buzzing about what the Big Dog may be doing for the event.
However, the fans will have to tune into RAW next week to find out exactly what the WWE has in store for Roman Reigns.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Returning home from a summer spent as an artist in residency amid Istanbul's Gezi Park riots, Amar Zahr was prompted to establish her city's own artists' think tank. Her initiative crucially connects Beirut's thriving creative community with residents from diverse artistic backgrounds and far-flung locales. Here, the creative recounts to MOJEH the summer that sparked this light bulb moment.
In May 2013, I made the decision to drop everything. I dropped my corporate job, familiar routine, and comfort zone to embark on the biggest change of my life. I was working in media at the time, but my heart was torn between developing my practice as an artist and working in contemporary art. I had heard about artist residency programmes in the past but didn't fully understand their function or impact on both society and individuals alike. On a whim I applied to a programme in Istanbul, which is, for me, one of the most inspiring cities. I didn't have a strong ne arts background, exhibition history or even a de nitive practice, but I anticipated that a residency would help me gure out who I was as an artist.
As the date approached, I prepared for practically everything; I had planned what I wanted to spend the next two months working on and had pitched the project to the residency who seemed very keen on supporting me. Upon arriving to this heaping dichotomy of East-meets- West, inspiration was owing and I nally had the time, space and right amount of isolation to focus on myself and my art.
A week into my project, the 2013 Gezi Park riots erupted across Istanbul. With the residency just a stone's throw away from the park, I had no choice but to bear witness to the upheaval. The whole city came alive in a way that was both terrifying and invigorating. The staff and friends that I had met during my rst days at the residency were demonstrating on the streets day and night. Being Lebanese, and barely involved in the politics of my own city, I felt completely out of place and kept a safe distance from the demonstrations.
One day, tear gas seeped through the fastened windows while I was painting in my ground oor studio. That was when I realised I could no longer isolate myself from the chaos enwreathing the walls around me, and I didn't want to. Armed with nothing but a Canon 5D, I joined the revolutionaries and took to the streets. The work I created during the experience was inextricably linked from the protests and wouldn't have been conceived without it. This experience not only took me completely out of my comfort zone but it also shaped what I wanted to do in the future. Two years later I founded the Beirut Art Residency, which aims to bring international artists to Lebanon, take them out of their comfort zone and facilitate an environment where they can be as inspired as I was.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paris Saint-Germain have reportedly made N'Golo Kante their top transfer target this summer.
The Chelsea midfielder has impressed with France at the World Cup and has been identified as the man to take PSG to the next level.
L'Equipe reports sporting director Antero Henrique is a big admirer of Kante and wants to snap him up this summer.
Any deal for Kante is likely to cost around £90m with Chelsea reluctant to lose one of their prized assets.
Kante, who was one of Chelsea's standout performers last season, has won two Premier League titles during his time in England.
The French side is also said to be looking at Austrian left back David Alaba.
(Image: AFP)
Best stories from Thursday's Daily Mirror
TRANSFERS
Champions League final calamity keeper Loris Karius is to remain Liverpool No.1 after they were priced out of deals for Roma's Alisson and Jan Oblak of Atletico Madrid.
Free-agent former Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere has held talks with Manuel Pellegrini to discuss a move to West Ham. Turkish club Fenerbahce have already made the England international a huge offer, while Everton and promoted Wolves are also interested and have made bids of their own.
Juventus chief Giuseppe Marotta has refused to rule out a sensational move for Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo. Reportedly, the Portuguese forward has been the subject of an £88million bid which is currently being considered by Real and Ronaldo.
(Image: AFP)
Craig Dawson has made a transfer request at relegated West Brom. Premier League duo Burnley and West Ham have both made offers for the 28-year-old defender.
Everton have opened talks over a possible deal for the Barcelona and Colombia centre-back Yerry Mina, who has scored three goals in the current World Cup — including in Tuesday's loss to England (via Liverpool Echo).
Liverpool are hoping to quickly complete a deal to bring Ajax wonderkid Ki-Jana Hoever, a 16-year-old right-back, to Anfield (via Liverpool Echo).
Chelsea wants to loan out Kasey Palmer again, but Blues legend and new Derby boss Frank Lampard hasn't yet decided whether to ask the midfielder back. Palmer spent the second half of last season wth the Rams, making 16 appearances but only two starts under then-manager Gary Rowett. The delay could open the door for other interested teams, including Derby's Championship rivals Norwich.
(Image: Reuters)
OTHER NEWS
Chelsea are poised to finally replace manager Antonio Conte with Maurizio Sarri this weekend. The Blues' non-World Cup players are about to report for pre-season training, and club chiefs wants Sarri in place when they arrive.
Liverpool and neighbours Tranmere have moved next week's friendly forward 24 hours so it does not clash with the World Cup semi-final England will play in if they beat Sweden in the last eight on Saturday. However, the Reds and Chester are stuck with kicking off their friendly at the exact same time as the Three Lions face the Swedes.
Other gossip
Stoke ready to offer England World Cup hero Jack Butland £20,000-a-week pay rise to keep him away from Chelsea (Sun)
Chelsea makes first contact with Real Madrid as they target Mateo Kovacic (Di Marzio)
Eric Bailly called for crisis talks with Jose Mourinho over Manchester United future (Sun)
SPRINGFIELD - Hampden Superior Court Judge Tina S. Page on Monday found Clifford Ahern guilty of assault and battery with a dangerous weapon.
Page found Ahern, 60, of East Longmeadow, not guilty of armed assault with intent to murder.
Page heard closing arguments in the jury-waived trial first thing Monday morning and delivered her verdict at 2 p.m.
She asked the Probation Department to do a pre-sentence report to aid her in deciding on a sentence and set sentencing for April 10.
Police responded to Ahern's Helen Circle home in East Longmeadow on Nov. 4, 2016, after he allegedly fled a traffic stop where officers attempted to arrest him on a warrant related to a domestic assault charge.
Police officers testified that Ahern rushed at East Longmeadow police Sgt. Steven Manning with a knife.
Page also found Ahern guilty of failure to stop for police; she found him not guilty of resisting arrest.
East Longmeadow Police Sgt. Joseph Dalessio, son of East Longmeadow Police Chief Jeffrey Dalessio, testified Thursday that he shot Ahern because he thought Ahern was stabbing Manning
The shooting left Ahern, 60, paralyzed and in a wheelchair.
In his closing arguments to Page, defense lawyer Lawrence W. Madden said every action taken by Ahern that day was because he feared harm at the hands of the police.
He said, "Either way you look at it there's reasonable doubt."
Assistant District Attorney James M. Forsyth said Ahern rushed at Manning with a knife and attacked him.
Forsyth asked for a sentence of three to five years in state prison. Madden asked for a sentence of probation with no incarceration.
Vitanoria like spraying gel and spray are efficient for the short term outcomes and with them every day as they have been filled products which are not secure to use for the bouncy appear is from the option. Vitanoria assists the nutrients lacks in our body, which is unable to get through food, thus helps boostThe structure of the VITANORIA WITH PROFOLLIX includes Alpha-Lipoic Acids. The anti-oxidant that aids your hair follicles will assist to protect from free radicals. Some people also suffer in the deficiency, which makes our hair-thin.
http://www.scamcare.com/vitanoria-de/
Can't-miss sales, fashionable finds and worthy reads from this week.
Last week's round-up of worthy sales, reads and more to kick-start your Monday morning, my friends. Hope your weekend was a great one!
This week's links…
SALES & SUCH
Poolside essential: This is the beach towel you need this summer.
Line I'm Loving: Have you heard of the brand ASTR? One of my favorites — this crop top will be a repeat offender this season.
Not a drill: Guys, I found Cult Gaia's acrylic tote — shown below — (1) in stock online and (2) for only $118! (I paid double for mine — damnit!) Free shipping, too.
Hats off: I've gotten a lot of questions over Snapchat about this hat — so cute, right? It looks like one of those designer versions but it's only $54.
Double or nothing: I caved and bought a second pair of these ombre fringe earrings (in a darker color) — they're so light that you actually forget you have them on.
Retail motivation: One of my favorite brands of workout-wear (Outdoor Voices) just launched new collection for summer — the rose-colored crop is a must-have. Adorbs!
Summer sandals: I bought theses espadrille wedges last year and they've held up really well, They're on sale at the moment, FYI!
Lip love: I'm newly-obsessed with Laura Mercier's ‘Velour Lovers' lipstick. It seriously stays on all day, you guys (well, all night — ha). I bought Boudoir and Fantasy — the former is more purple and fantasy is a really pretty pink-red.
NOTABLE READS
Summer reading: Five books recommended by a renowned attention-getter. (That's a thing, apparently — but this is actually a great list for bloggers and business owners.)
Monday morning: How to prioritize when everything feels urgent — a relevant read to start the week.
No sick days: Here's what this nutritionist eats when she feels a cold comin' on.
Sigh: For anyone else who's longingly wondered, “What happened to J.Crew?“
Make-up musts: 18 products that Sephora employees actually buy for themselves.
Sunday Funday: The hazy science of day drinking — do our bodies really know the difference?
//
Happy Friday! Hang with me this weekend here:
Instagram | Twitter | Facebook | Pinterest | Snapchat (@coralsncognacs)
POMPANO BEACH, Fla., Feb. 13, 2017 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Investing in the most advanced technology is essential to Current Builders' mission. The general contractor is introducing the latest drones and virtual reality applications to enhance safety protocols on their South Florida construction projects; and are in the R&D phase of using the technology to resolve issues in the field, an application that will save time and money.
“Years ago, Current Builders advanced BIM (Building Information Modeling) throughout the industry,” explained CEO Chip Reid. “We were an early adopter of the technology and were very open to sharing our experiences with colleagues and competitors alike because we felt it was critical to the industry. Today, we are on the cutting edge of Virtual Design and Construction (VDCO).”
Current Builders is using the latest technology to enhance safety protocols by showing team members in 3D which conditions could be hazardous before they even step onsite.
“Utilizing this emerging virtual technology to enhance job site safety is a critical application,” said Kar Ho, Virtual Design and Construction Director. “This virtual technology is useful for seasoned employees but is invaluable for recent graduates entering the field. Now, they will be much better prepared to enter real world conditions.”
Current Builders' mentoring and education programs have been a core component of the 45-year-old company, and now with this tech immersion the construction industry is attracting a wider range of students exploring the profession.
“For kids who grew up gaming, they find our field very exciting,” continued Ho. “We are in the R&D phase of drone flights over projects, that once fully implemented, will take daily and even hourly photos, to capture ‘as-built' conditions. That information will then be overlaid into the 3D model, which will allow us to make adjustments to reflect the onsite realities. Ultimately, the combination of these technologies will give us a greater capacity to forecast problems before they happen in the field. This ability will offer our clients tremendous cost savings.”
Ho is confident the next phases of virtual reality will usher in an even greater era of problem-solving capabilities, as he anticipates designers meeting virtually at sites to review real-time situations, making changes before construction begins.
“Communication is going to be greatly enhanced,” explained Ho. “Less will be lost in translation between all the different teams and subcontractors, and problems will be mitigated much earlier in the timeline.”
Ho sees this level of this immersive VR being about a year or so away, as currently the controls need to become more intuitive and user-friendly.
“Changes are coming rapidly — it is an exciting time in the industry. Years ago, we would spend hours with clients showing them a variety of samples for kitchens and baths finishes, now they watch 3D models and instantly click through hundreds of different combinations,” said Ho. “This has eliminated days, if not weeks, from this process because they are experiencing it in 3D instantly. The next step will be even more productive as it will be a truly virtual walk-through experience.”
About Current Builders:
Established in 1972, the award-winning Current Builders are a full-service general contractor with construction volumes of over $150 million annually. Current Builders is recognized as the eighth largest contractor in South Florida by South Florida Business Journal and 18th largest in the state of Florida by ENR Southeast. Credited with more than 40,000 residential units, 15 million square feet of office/industrial space and 250,000 square feet of retail space, CB's project portfolio features all building types.
More information: http://www.currentbuilders.com/.
News Source: Current Builders
To view the original post, visit: https://www.send2press.com/wire/current-builders-introduces-drone-and-virtual-technology-to-enhance-onsite-safety-and-resolve-issues-in-the-field/.
This press release was issued by Send2Press® Newswire on behalf of the news source, who is solely responsible for its accuracy. www.send2press.com.
Both fighters took to social media to share the news Wednesday that they will fight after months of speculation . MMA President Dana White speculated that Mayweather would get at least $100 million from the fight and McGregor $75 million.
It may be the fight of the year, nay decade.
“THE FIGHT IS ON,” McGregor tweeted announced first, posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr.
While details are sparse, the location is believed to be either the T-Mobile Arena or the MGM Grand Garden, both in Las Vegas. The fight request from Mayweather Promotions was approved by the Nevada Athletic Commission.
Mayweather, 41, is considered to be one of the greatest boxers, an undefeated professional, and a five-division world champion. Nicknamed Pretty Boy, he won all 49 fights in his career from 1996 through retirement from boxing in Sept. 2015.
The Irish McGregor who is signed on with the UFC has never competed in a pro boxing match, and is a mixed martial arts fighter.
Sparks about a fight began to fly after UFC 205 in November when McGregor claimed the UFC Lightweight title becoming the first fighter in UFC history to simultaneously hold two weight classes.
According to various media reports, the biggest hiccup to making the fight happen was finding a happy meeting ground, which would satisfy all parties. McGregor is contractually obligated to the UFC and had to reach an agreement that would allow him to participate in a boxing match.
The fight was targeted for early fall but was bumped from the Sept. 16 slot by the planned match between Canelo Alvarez and Gennady Golovkin.
Though Las Vegas oddsmakers have made Mayweather a heavy 10-1 favourite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregor's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
The fight will be televised on pay-per-view on Showtime and would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Golovkin and Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
The fight is on.
© Sergei Savostyanov/TASS
Russian President Vladimir Putin turns 65 on October 7, 2017Vladimir Putin was born in Leningrad (currently St. Petersburg) on October 7, 1952. His father Vladimir Putin (1911-1999) had been a submariner before World War II. In 1941 he was drafted into the Red Army. First, he served in a mobile internal security battalion of the NKVD (People's Commissariat for Internal Affairs - the then equivalent of the Interior Ministry), and then in the 330th infantry regiment of the Red Army's 86th division. Suffered a serious injury in November 1941. After the war worked as a foreman at the Yegorov Industrial Plant in Leningrad. Mother, Maria Shelomova (1911-1998), a general worker, survived the Nazi siege of Leningrad.Underwent a retraining course of KGB operatives in Leningrad (1976) and in Moscow (1979) at the Dzerzhinsky Higher School of the KGB of the USSR.(currently the Academy of the Russian foreign intelligence service SVR).Academic degree - Candidate of Sciences (Law).Strategic Planning of the Mineral and Resources Base Reproduction in the Context of Emerging Free Market Economy Relations (St. Petersburg and the Leningrad Region) at the St. Petersburg Mining Institute.Upon graduation from the Leningrad State University was assigned to a position in the KGB of the USSR.After a course of studies in Moscow was transferred to Department N. 1 (foreign intelligence) of the KGB Office for Leningrad and the Leningrad Region.In 1985, was given an assignment at the KGB office in the German Democratic Republic. Worked in Dresden up to 1990. Held positions of a senior operative, assistant and senior assistant to the chief of a section. Returned to the Soviet Union in January 1990.Starting from February 1990 worked as a foreign affairs assistant to the Leningrad State University's rector and then, as an adviser to Leningrad's Mayor Anatoly Sobchak.In August 1991, together with other officials of the mayor's office came out against the State Committee on the State of Emergency. On August 20, 1991, the next day after the introduction of the state of emergency resigned from the state security service.In March 1994, when Sobchak took over as the head of the city's administration, Putin was appointed his first deputy. Later, when the posts of the head of the city administration and mayor were merged, Putin's position was renamed to deputy mayor, chairman of the city's foreign relations committee.After Sobchak lost the mayoral election in St. Petersburg in June 1996 Putin quit his post.(his immediate superior in that capacity was Pavel Borodin). Supervised the directorate's department of law and foreign property-related matters. Moved to Moscow together with his family.In May-July 1998 - first deputy chief of the presidential staff (at that moment the presidential staff was led by Anatoly Chubais and then Valentin Yumashev).Putin's predecessor in that capacity was Nikolai Kovalyov. Simultaneously, from March to August 1999 - the Russian Security Council's secretary.On August 9, 1999, President Boris Yeltsin said he had made a decision to dismiss the Sergey Stepashin-led government and asked the State Duma to endorse Vladimir Putin as Russia's new prime minister.On August 16, 1999, the State Duma approved of Putin's appointment as prime minister (he received the support of 233 legislators of the 439 who participated in the voting).On December 31, 1999, President Boris Yeltsin declared his resignation thus placing presidential duties in Putin's hands.On March 26, 2000 Russia saw an early presidential election with eleven candidates taking part.Communist candidate Gennady Zyuganov was second with 29.21%.On March 14, 2004 Putin was elected for a second term to have received 71.31% in the first round (Communist candidate Nikolai Kharitonov was the runner-up with 13.69%). The inauguration followed on May 7, 2004.(his appointment was supported by 392 legislators of the 448). His predecessor was Viktor Zubkov.In 2008-2012 Putin led the national party United Russia (without being the party's member).On September 24, 2011, the then President Dmitry Medvedev asked the national congress of the United Russia party to nominate Putin for Russia's president again.Communist Gennady Zyuganov was second with 17.18%. Putin took office on May 7, 2012. Starting from 2012 the presidential term of office was extended to six years under an amendment to the Constitution introduced on December 30, 2008.Commander-in-chief of Russia's Armed Forces and chairman of the State Council, Security Council, Military-Industrial Commission and other advisory bodies under the presidential office.Chairman of the board of trustees of the Russian Geographic Society (since 2010) and the Lomonosov Moscow State University (since 2013).Income declared in 2016 - 8.858 million rubles ($152,000).Holder of nearly 20 Russian and foreign decorations and awards.In 2007, Time magazine named Putin Person of the Year.In 2013, 2014, 2015, and 2016 Putin featured on top of the Forbes list of most powerful persons.In 1999, in cooperation with Vasily Shestakov and Aleksey Levitsky co-authored a book titled Learning Judo with Vladimir Putin.In 1983-2014 was married to Lyudmila Putina (b. 1958, maiden name Shkrebneva, university degree in philology, Romance languages).Daughters: Maria (born in 1985) and Katerina (born in 1986). Both graduated from the St. Petersburg State University.Alpine skiing, ice hockey, fishing.Champion of Leningrad in sambo (1973) and judo (1975). In 2006, was nominated honorary president of the European Judo Union. In 2010, was awarded honorary certificate of Doctor in Judo of South Korea's Yongin university.In November 2014 the international organization Kyokushin-kan karate-do awarded to Putin eighth Kyokushin-kan dan.In 2013, obtained honorary ninth dan in Korea's martial art taekwondo.In 2017, the US cable TV channel Showtime aired Oliver Stone's documentary The Putin Interview, based on more than two dozen rendezvous with the Russian president filmed over a period of two years.
North Korea's deputy UN representative Kim In-ryong holds a press conference in New York, accusing Washington of turning the Korean Peninsula into “the world's biggest hot spot” and “pushing the situation to the brink of war.” (Yonhap)
Shortly after the US' stringent warning, North Korea responded with shrill rhetoric, with its envoys at home and at the UN relaying fresh threats of far more frequent weapons tests, a pre-emptive strike and even nuclear war.US Vice President Mike Pence on Monday in Seoul warned Pyongyang “not to test” the US, singling out its recent strike in Syria and Afghanistan that showed the “strength and resolve” of President Donald Trump and the US military forces.Several hours later, North Korea's deputy UN representative Kim In-ryong held a press conference in New York, accusing Washington of turning the Korean Peninsula into “the world's biggest hot spot” and “pushing the situation to the brink of war.”“If the US dares opt for a military action, (North Korea) is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the US,” he said.“It has created a dangerous situation in which thermonuclear war may break out at any moment on the peninsula and poses a serious threat to world peace and security.”Kim said the Trump administration's re-dispatch of the Carl Vinson nuclear carrier strike group toward the peninsula once again “proves the US' reckless moves for invading the DPRK (North Korea) have reached a serious phase of its scenario.”“The prevailing grave situation proves once again that the DPRK was entirely just when it increased in every way its military capabilities for self-defense and pre-emptive attack with a nuclear force as a pivot.”In Pyongyang, North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-ryol said despite the outside world's censures, the country will continue to conduct more tests “on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis according to our own schedule.”“If the US goes on with their reckless option of using military means then that would mean from that very day, an all-out war,” he said in an interview with broadcaster BBC in Pyongyang.“If the US encroaches upon our sovereignty then it will provoke our immediate counter-reaction, and if it is planning a military attack against us, we will react with a nuclear pre-emptive strike by our own style and method.”The weapons are needed to protect the government and system, Han said, noting the country has learned the “lesson” from Libya and Syria where “people are suffering from great misfortune” due to a US-led attempts at regime change.“If the balance of power is not there, then the outbreak of war is imminent and unavoidable,” he said. “If one side has nukes and the other side doesn't, and they're on bad terms, war will inevitably break out.”With both Washington and Pyongyang trading verbal fire day after day, concerns have been rising over the skyrocketed tension that may lead to a miscalculation.During a White House Easter event Monday, Trump reiterated the communist state “gotta behave,” but asked about the possibility for a pre-emptive strike, he said he does not want to “telegraph what I'm doing or what I'm thinking.”UN Spokesman Stephane Dujarric on Monday also urged Pyongyang to take steps to “de-escalate” the situation, calling Sunday's failed missile launch “troubling.”“We're obviously deeply concerned about the rising tensions that we've seen in the Korean Peninsula. We call on all to redouble their diplomatic efforts.”By Shin Hyon-hee (heeshin@heraldcorp.com)
Communities Across The West Cancel Fireworks Because Of Wildfire Threats Dry conditions are causing holiday fireworks celebrations to be canceled. A geography professor at the University of Colorado Boulder says the single biggest day for wildfires to start is July 4.
Communities Across The West Cancel Fireworks Because Of Wildfire Threats National Communities Across The West Cancel Fireworks Because Of Wildfire Threats Communities Across The West Cancel Fireworks Because Of Wildfire Threats Audio will be available later today. Dry conditions are causing holiday fireworks celebrations to be canceled. A geography professor at the University of Colorado Boulder says the single biggest day for wildfires to start is July 4. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Riyadh — Deputy Crown Prince Muhammad Bin Salman, second deputy prime minister and minister of defense, has ordered the transfer and treatment of Syrian children Ammar Mustafa Sahin and Ahmad Majed Al-Wardan from Rihaniyya city in Turkey to Prince Sultan Medical Military City in Riyadh.
The two children lost their limbs after their homes were shelled and all members of their families died.
While Democrats push for a ban on guns, Republicans push for an increase in the ban on drugs, and both sides ignore the fact that they are pushing for Americans to give up essential freedoms in exchange for an even larger Police State.When Democrats called for gun control last week, Republicans insisted that simply placing a "ban" on certain weapons would not stop mass shootings. This week, Republicans are coming out in support of President Trump's plan to push for stricter punishments - including the death penalty-for drug dealers, proving that the "ban" on drugs has not worked and the false "left vs. right" paradigm is being used once again to create a hypocritical divide that will only lead to more government.Democratic Reps. David Cicilline and Ted Deutch introduced the Assault Weapons Ban of 2018 last month, which would make it "unlawful for a person to import, sell, manufacture, transfer, or possess, in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce, a semiautomatic assault weapon."Their direct target was the Armalite AR-15 rifle, which was reportedly used by suspected gunman Nickolas Cruz to shoot and kill 17 people at a high school in Florida on Feb. 14. While there were a number of other glaring factors that contributed to the attack, such as the psychotropic medication Cruz was taking, the dozens of calls to Cruz's home that were ignored by police , and the multiple credible reports that were ignored by the FBI , the focus has instead been on the weapon Cruz used., the focus shifted to pushing for an increase in the age requirement to purchase a gun.Trump did show support for pushing for more government agencies to submit records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, which would result in more individuals losing their Second Amendment rights for infractions unrelated to violence, and before they had ever had their day in court-a dangerous measure supported by both Democrats and Republicans.However, Trump flip-flopped on his support for the Democrats' idea of raising the age limit on gun purchases. On Twitter, he wrote, "On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this, but not much political support (to put it mildly)."After refusing to support a ban on guns and a ban on 18-year-olds purchasing guns, knowing it would have little effect, Trump is now pushing for an increase on a ban that has failed miserably and has cost American taxpayers an exorbitant amount of money over the years-the ban on drugs.Trump's new plan to combat the opioid crisis-which arguably would not exist if the War on Drugs did not exist-will give more power to the police state and will include stricter punishments, which could go as far as approving the death penalty for drug dealers, according to a report from Politico.The calls for stricter punishments for drug dealers are receiving the support of many Republicans who do not understand why the War on Drugs has failed or how it has corrupted the justice system."I haven't looked at it relative to the president's proposal, but I have looked at it over the years with the frustration that U.S. attorneys sometimes face where they can get a whole bunch of the henchmen for murder, but they can't get the kingpin for something that's more than you know, 20 years, 10 years, or less," Republican Rep. Darrell Issa told the Weekly Standard.- some members of Congress are actually considering it as a legitimate idea. Republican Rep. Chris Collins told Politico that he fully supports the idea."I'm all in on the capital punishment side for those offenses that would warrant that," Collins said. "Including drug cases. Yep."Citizens are not robots, and just because the government deems something "illegal" does not ensure that every individual will comply with the new laws. In fact, the ones who do comply and give up the guns they were using to protect their homes are often the ones who experience the most harm when the ones who do not comply come to rob them.All Trump had to do was look at the state he considers his good friends in Saudi Arabia to see how ineffective killing people over drugs is.As Drugabuse.com notes , the sale of drugs in Saudi Arabia almost always results in the death penalty. Saudi Arabia and judicial authorities are not inclined to make exceptions. Alcohol use is illegal in Saudi Arabia, and possession or use of alcohol or drugs can be punished by public flogging, fines, lengthy imprisonment, or death.Both Republicans and Democrats will attempt to persuade the public that they should ban guns or increase the ban on drugs because it keeps citizens safe and prevents death. But while they are busy using an emotional plea and trying to sell the public on the short-term results of their plans, they fail to mention the long-term consequences,
Book sale at Menlo Park Library on March 24 & 25
The Friends of the Menlo Park Library will host a two day book sale on March 24th and 25th. The event takes place from 10:00 to 2:00 on Saturday and from noon to 2:00 on Sunday. Great books for the entire family will be available, so come early and stock up!
We have thousands of books to sell. Art and collectible, biography, children's, cooking, history, fiction, mystery, psychology and religion books will be featured. Other categories will be available too, along with DVDS, music CDs, games and puzzles. The sale will be held in the downstairs meeting room and outside in-front of the library.
Prices start at $1 and on Sunday buy a bag and fill it for $5.00!
The proceeds from this sale supports library programs, events and materials at both the Main Library and Belle Haven Branch.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A cycling campaign group has argued that a new bridge across the River Cam is a "vital" addition to Cambridge's infrastructure.
Cambridgeshire County Council's planning committee is due to decide on whether to grant planning permission for a bridge linking the city wards of Abbey and Chesterton tomorrow (Thursday, February 16).
The Cambridge Cycling Campaign (Camcycle) says a representative of the group will attend the meeting to make the case for the new bridge.
Estimated to cost around £4.5 million, the county council is proposing constructing a new pedestrian and cycle bridge connecting land between Ditton Walk and Fen Road.
The bridge could be used by up to 4,000 cyclists a day and the council hopes it will reduce traffic congestion in the city and help accommodate users of the new Cambridge North railway station due to arrive in May.
Approval of the project tomorrow will mark the culmination of a 20-year campaign by Camcycle to create a "vital missing link" in Cambridge's infrastructure.
D-day looms for new pedestrian and cycle bridge plans across River Cam
In a statement the group said: "The bridge will encourage a shift to walk and cycling for journeys between the east of the city and the north and relieve pressure on the narrow Green Dragon Bridge.
"It will be of huge benefit to pedestrians, especially those with mobility issues, cutting a mile from the walk from Abbey and Fen Ditton to the new station and the employment areas.
"We hope with the addition of the Chisholm Trail links that it will form part of a safe and pleasant corridor stretching from St Ives to Trumpington via many major residential and employment areas.
The City Deal funded Chisholm Trail cycle path project intends to link Cambridge's existing railway station and the new station in the north of the city.
Camcycle previously submitted a petition with 1,661 signatures supporting the bridge proposals to the county council's Economy and Environment Committee which backed the bridge's design in December last year.
'I'm really looking forward to the new Chisholm Trail!'
However the proposed river crossing is not universally popular.
Campaign group Friends of Ditton Meadows fears the ecological impact of any bridge construction process could be "devastating" and leave "irreparable damage".
It has previously stated: "The Meadows are one of the few remaining wild spaces close to Cambridge and the long views are enjoyed by people from throughout the city including joggers and ramblers, oarsmen and dog walkers, not just residents of Fen Ditton.
"It would be reckless to ruin an area of such natural beauty that should be preserved for future generations."
It presented its own petition against the bridge proposals that reached more than 300 signatures.
A decision is expected after 10am on Thursday.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
City breaks remain one of the most popular getaway choices for UK holidaymakers.
Great for those on a time limit, city breaks let you transform a standard weekend into an exotic escape and give you a change of scenery without breaking the bank or using any annual leave.
Not to mention that they're packed with cultural landmarks, vibrant nightlife and a plethora of attractions that make for quite the action-packed weekend.
Unlike beach holidays you don't need to rely on the weather either, as you can improvise on rainy days by heading to the beautiful museums or checking out new foodie hotspots.
Whether you're looking for a spontaneous trip away, a cheap holiday or the chance to explore a new culture, tempt yourself with one of these top European destinations for a long weekend in 2018.
Best last minute city break deals this week
Prague from £86pp: Stay two nights at the A&O Prague Metro Strizkov including return flights. Based on a 14th May departure.
Stay two nights at the A&O Prague Metro Strizkov including return flights. Based on a 14th May departure. Venice from £110pp: Stay two nights at the Ute hotel on a room only basis, with return flights from London. Based on a 7th May departure.
Stay two nights at the Ute hotel on a room only basis, with return flights from London. Based on a 7th May departure. Budapest from £101pp: Stay three nights at the Budapest Opera Minihotel with return flights from London Stansted. Based on a 9th May departure.
Stay three nights at the Budapest Opera Minihotel with return flights from London Stansted. Based on a 9th May departure. Berlin from £249pp: Stay three nights at the Quentin Design Berlin Hotel on a room only basis with return flights from London Luton. Based on a 7th May departure.
How to save on flights
Budget airlines like easyJet and Norwegian offer flights from various UK airports all year round to Europe. See our easyJet hacks guide.
For the best price and seats, book around three-months ahead and if you can, opt for a mid-week city break as fares are slightly less due to lower demand.
Travelling last minute can also be a smart move as flights and hotels rush to fill up rooms, but always use a comparison website to compare deals. Here's our favourite late holiday deals this week.
Keep an eye on our cheap flights and deals pages for cut price fares all year round. Feeling spontaneous? Lastminute.com is a great source for late package and flight deals.
How to save on local travel
(Image: Getty)
Trade expensive cab rides for tourist walks or public transport - you'll see more sights, get more of a feel for local culture, and save money in the process.
If you're travelling around by train or metro, it's best to try and book in advance for the best prices. The Trainline Europe claims it can save you up to 53% if booked early.
If in doubt about where to go, raileasy.co.uk offers advice on attractions as well as reduced fares. It may also be worth buying a week-long travelcard from the station when you arrive, as this offers unlimited travel for a set fee.
How to save on accommodation
(Image: Getty Images)
Tripadvisor has a handy guide on the best hotels in every European city, from Vienna to Budapest, with prices - and the option to book. See our Tripadvisor hacks guide.
Booking.com's destination guide also offers plenty of information on hotels and cheap deals - tap at your city to find out more.
Visitors can also bag cheap rooms when booking early via Holiday Inn Europe.
Top 10 places to visit for a city escape
1. Lisbon, Portugal's capital
(Image: Getty)
Lisbon, the city of trams and treasures, museums and monuments, shopping and schlepping, hills and highs, cobblestones and custard tarts, alleys and allure.
The list is endless - so much to see, so much to experience, from music at the Old Pharmacy Wine Inn (with £2 wine), to five-star meals at the Bairro Alto district.
Discover more about Lisbon on TripAdvisor. Or, see our Lisbon city guide.
2. Venice, capital of northern Italy's Veneto region
Glitter, glamour and plenty of posing. Venice has canal rides all-year-round you'll be dreaming about at your desk for years afterwards.
Discover the city's magical bridges or enjoy a romantic stay in La Serenissima, especially if you go with your significant other.
Read all about it in our Venice city guide. Or check out Easyjet Holiday's city break deals.
3. Edinburgh, Scotland's capital
(Image: Rex)
Thousands of Brits flock to Edinburgh every year for sightseeing, and its also home to an array of festivals and celebrations throughout the year.
Small enough to walk around, the city highlights can be taken in during a few days strolling around the Castle, Arthur's Seat, The Royal Mile, and the Museum of Scotland.
Want to find out more? Here's our Edinburgh city guide. Or check out Thomas Cook's city break deals there.
4. Vienna, capital of Austria
You could stay in Vienna for a couple of weeks and still not see all the museums, concert halls and places of interest.
It's a city that has so much more to offer all year round. And the best part? Most of the highlights are easily walkable and entrance fees are usually just a few euros.
The Sigmund Freud Museum, the Globe Museum, the Art History Museum, The Leopold Museum, the Museum of Modern Art, are just a few of Vienna's must-sees.
Read all about it in our Vienna city guide. Or browse cheap breaks there on Expedia.
5. Amsterdam, the Netherlands' capital
Amsterdam - the city of canals, cycles and coffee shops with exotic blends that customers smoke rather than sip.
From world-class art galleries to a red-light district so infamous it's a mainstream tourist attraction, the Netherlands capital really does have something for everyone.
The oasis that is Vondelpark has 10 million visitors a year. It's the city's largest park and there are lots of quiet places to chill. Plus, in the summer there are free concerts.
Find out more in our handy Amsterdam city guide or check out Opodo deals.
6. Bratislava, capital of Slovakia
The delightful, neat capital of the little central European nation of Slovakia, features a stunning bridge across the River Danube - known as The Novy Most, built in 1972.
But what makes it fabulously special is the fact that the designers decided to plonk a UFO on top of the main tower. As you do.
When it comes to food and drink, it's pretty good and pretty cheap. A coffee in a cafe starts at €1, and local beer also costs from €1 for a draught half-pint.
Discover more in our Bratislava city guide. Or compare the best Bratislava city break deals on skyskanner.
7. Madrid, capital of Spain
(Image: Getty)
Spain's capital is one of the most popular city break destinations - and deservedly so.
Alcala de Henares, a Unesco world-heritage site, founded in 100BC by the Romans, boasts a combination of gorgeous baroque, ­renaissance and gothic architecture.
The city boasts one of the oldest universities in the world, founded in 1293, and one of its past students was Miguel de Cervantes, writer of Don Quixote.
Outside the Archbishop's Palace in the city is a statue of Catherine of Aragon, the first wife of King Henry VIII who was born there.
Book yours via British Airways city break offers, or see our Madrid city guide.
8. Budapest, Hungary's capital
(Image: WEKWEK)
The capital of Hungary is a pleasing amalgamation of the old cities of Buda (hilly and historic) and Pest (flat and more modern).
The heart of Andrassy Avenue – possibly the most famous road in Pest, hosts high-class shops, the opera house, Liszt Square and Heroes' Square where you'll find spectacular sculptures.
One of Budapest's top attractions are its baths. Relax in the warm, healing waters of the 102-year-old Szechenyi Medicinal Baths with 18 pools.
Book your Budapest break with Opodo's cheap suggestions, or see our helpful Budpest city guide here.
9. Stockholm, capital of Sweden
Spectacularly beautiful, Stockholm is uber cool, leading the way in design, fashion and architecture. Its many islands can be reached by ferry, bus, train or car, making it incredibly family-friendly.
From the 13th century cobbled streets of the Old Town Gamla Stan island to its boutiques selling cool Scandinavian clothing brands side-by-side with hip cafés, galleries and vintage stores, it's the place to be.
Discover Stockholm with Lastminute.com. We've also compiled a fascinating Stockholm city guide for you.
10. Tallinn, capital of Estonia
This Estonian capital is a beautiful city with a distinctive Scandinavian feel and an unexpected National Park for the spontaneous.
The Old Town is a Unesco world heritage site and it shows. Some of the barns and warehouses date back to the 11th century and are so well preserved that at times the place feels like a medieval theme park.
Want to visit Tallinn? Read all about it in our Tallin city guide or see more about it on TripAdvisor.
11. La Palma
While Spain has an abundance of popular destinations, La Palma shouldn't be overlooked.
It has a wide range of things to do including stargazing, whale watching and natural seawater pools. Not to forget the amazing views, food and beaches.
Visit the La Palma tourist board website for more information about the island and more ideas for your trip.
A member of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force, Fleet Air Wing 31, security section, attacks simulated targets during oleoresin capsaicin (OC) training with U.S. Marines from the Provost Marshal's Office at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 14, 2017. After being sprayed with OC, JMSDF participants had to navigate through an obstacle course of Marines holding pads, which represented potential attackers, and they had to handcuff a simulated suspect. The training helps prepare individuals for situations where they may be contaminated with the spray and need to continue to function and provide security. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron Henson)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.14.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:51 Photo ID: 3166564 VIRIN: 170214-M-RP664-0103 Resolution: 4910x3273 Size: 11.19 MB Location: MARINE CORPS AIR STATION IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, PMO, JMSDF conduct OC training [Image 1 of 7], by Cpl Aaron Henson, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Tracy Peoples has joined JV Driver as its new U.S. human resource (HR) manager. In this new role, Peoples will be responsible for all U.S. HR operations including the business in the Gulf Coast and the fabrication facility in Phoenix.
For more information, visit www.jvdriver.com or call (866) 391-5816.
Bishop Peter Comensoli has been named as the new Archbishop of Melbourne.
Comensoli will be installed as archbishop on 1 August. He has been the Bishop of Broken Bay in New South Wales for the past three years.
When he is installed, he will take over from recently-retired Archbishop Denis Hart at Melbourne's St Patrick's Cathedral.
It is the largest archdiocese in Australia, with a Catholic population of 1.1 million people.
Hart, who was also President of the Australian Catholic Bishops Conference until May this year, says Comensoli is “generous, gifted and faith-filled” and has experience in three dioceses.
Archbishop Mark Coleridge of Brisbane, who replaced Hart as the new conference President, says Comensoli has “the gifts and energies that his new mission would require.
“Archbishop-elect Peter has a good mind, an engaging personality and the strong pastoral sense needed in our largest diocese at a complex time like this,” Coleridge says.
“He's a man who can listen and a man who can speak not only to Catholic people, but to the wider community as well.”
Comensoli says he is humbled Pope Francis had chosen him and recognised “the challenge he has placed before me to lead God's people in Melbourne tenderly, mercifully and joyfully.
“The life of Christian discipleship is a precious gift, developed through hearing and responding to God's call,” he says.
“In accepting this call to be a new missionary among God's people of the Archdiocese of Melbourne, I readily acknowledge the great responsibility entrusted to me, along with the frailties I carry.”
In acknowledging the “great responsibility” that comes with his new position, Comensoli also spoke of sex abuse and the need to right wrongs.
“I am deeply aware of the painful witness you bear because of the crimes committed in the Church against the most innocent, our children and the vulnerable.
“I share the bewilderment and anger you feel at the failure of Church leaders to believe victims and to respond to them with justice and compassion.
“This is not the way of Jesus Christ. It is our solemn shared duty to right the grievous wrongs of the past and ensure that the future is very different.”
Source
News category: World.
Sen. Dan Sullivan Outlines The Current State Of The Iran Nuclear Deal NPR's Robert Siegel talks to Republican Sen. Dan Sullivan from Alaska about what Congress will do if President Trump decides to decertify the Iran Deal.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Antonio Conte has claimed he is not interested in the vacant Italy job and want to see out the remaining 18 months of his contract.
The Chelsea boss was named among the candidates for his national side yesterday by the Italian FA. And the former Juventus coach has looked increasingly unhappy in London with results on and off the pitch.
Alessandro Costacurta intends to start interviewing coaches for the Italy job Conte held at Euro 2016.
But Conte said: “I can tell that Costacurta is a friend and we played together in the national team in 1994. Maybe he forgot that I still have 18 months left on this contract and I intend to respect this contract.”
(Image: AFP)
Conte is still expected to leave this summer after two seasons at Stamford Bridge – if he is not sacked first. Roman Abramovich has dismissed three coaches mid-season in the past.
But the Italian said: “The speculation doesn't affect me. I hope you are starting to know me. This season always the same. A lot of pressure. I ask myself why. This is Chelsea – this is the only answer. The pressure is normal. For me the pressure is life
If I stay without pressure, I dont like. I like to have pressure. I like this sort of station. No pressure is not good for me, not good for the players.”
Chelsea face Watford on Monday but Conte said new signings Olivier Giroud and Emerson Palmieri would not start. Thomas Christensen is out with a hamstring strain but Willian could return.
My thanks to Streets & Sanitation for cleaning-up the disgusting mess St. Patrick's Day brought to downtown Chicago. No thanks to the thousands of drunk suburban kids who used our neighborhoods like a giant toilet bowl. Never ending cab horns from 1A-5A were a nice touch as well. — Brendan Reilly (@AldReilly) March 18, 2018
A Chicago alderman stirred up controversy by calling out young suburbanites for the mess that had to be cleaned up after the city's St. Patrick's Day celebration.Alderman Brendan Reilly (42nd Ward) tweeted in the aftermath of Saturday's festivities, "My thanks to Streets & Sanitation for cleaning-up the disgusting mess St. Patrick's day brought to downtown Chicago. No thanks to the thousands of drunk suburban kids who used our neighborhoods like a giant toilet bowl. Never ending cab horns from 1A-5A were a nice touch as well."Reilly did not return ABC7's phone calls seeking further comment. But his colleague, Alderman Scott Waguespack, did. His 32nd Ward includes parts of Lakeview and Wrigleyville. He said he understood where Reilly was coming from."The violent activity, the broken bottles, the garbage, the puke, the that is littering the streets -- I can imagine his frustration because the next morning, he is the one who is taking all the phone calls," Waguespack said.With the river dyeing extended a block this year and St. Patrick's Day falling on a Saturday, Waguespack said the excess has to be called out. He also said there's a reckoning coming for the celebrations, as there was a decade ago when local leaders shut down the South Side Irish Parade."I think that anytime you have major events like this, the city overall, the leadership needs to take a look and say, what is the impact on services?" Waguespack said.Chicago police reported only four arrests related to the festivities, but the superintendent said city dwellers weren't innocent."I am not going to blame people from around the area, outside of Chicago, for all the activity because we probably have our part to play in that, too," Supt. Eddie Johnson said.For its part, Plumbers Union Local 130 was tickled green with how its 150 parade marshals -- many of them plumbers -- handled the challenge."I think everybody came with the right attitude, that it was a fun family day and we didn't hear of any problems," said St. Patrick's Day Parade Chairman James Coyne."If we find that you are not enjoying it responsibly and you are out there doing things you shouldn't, then you will be held accountable for it," Johnson said.The next time the holiday falls on a Saturday is 11 years from now, in 2029.
The Jonathan Law baseball team received a fine pitching performance from Colby Primavera, when the Lawmen lost to Sheehan High in Wallingford on Monday.
Primavera allowed seven hits, with the Titans scoring runs in the first and seventh innings.
Law's Bryan Reed had an RBI double in the bottom of the first.
Law 100 000 0 1R 5H 1E
Sh 100 000 1 2R 7H 1E
WP: Nick Cerasale (1-2) and Austin Kolakowski
LP: Colby Primavera (0-2) and Vinny Schulte
Records: Law 0-7 Sheehan 3-3
The Gang's All Queer: The Lives of Gay Gang Members by Vanessa R. Panfil 2017 New York University Press (nyupress.org) 312 pages $28 U.S. and Canada
Share with your friends Submit
The lives of gay gang members.
By Terri Schlichenmeyer
You felt surprisingly safe. There you were, in a place that was certainly iffy, but you were totally comfortable. No danger, no darkness, no problems—and in the new book The Gang's All Queer by Vanessa R. Panfil, no world that you've ever seen before, either.
Everybody knows that being a teen isn't easy. Being a gay teen is even harder—which, as a white lesbian woman, Panfil knew. Her work in a Columbus, Ohio, LGBTQ center for young adults showed her realities beyond what she'd lived herself, and it sparked an interest in examining the Columbus gang culture. She already knew a handful of gay gang members, and after she had gained their trust, those men introduced her to a web of people who shared their world with her.
When most people think of gangs, the image that comes to mind is one of tattoos and machismo. Panfil found some of that, but it was often used to hide LGBTQ sexual identity; indeed, many (though far from all) of the men she interviewed were not out to their fellow gang members. Panfil says there are three distinct kinds of gangs: all-gay gangs (of which there aren't many), heterosexual gangs (in which being gay could be dangerous), and the more tolerant, easy-going “hybrid” gangs (with perhaps a 50/50 mix of gay and straight members).
Panfil points out that most of the men she interviewed were careful to stress that they were very masculine. In spite of that, more than two out of three gay men fought someone else over homophobic harassment, and protection from such was not the main reason for joining a gang. The main reasons were the perception of “family” that gangs provided, or because of deep friendships. Furthermore, while there was a certain amount of crime—mostly petty theft or selling drugs and sex (although fierce violence was not unknown)—many gay gangs offered encouragement, a more democratic atmosphere, help for job-seekers, and educational support, thus acting more than “cliques” than gangs.
Let's start here: The Gang's All Queer is a bit on the academic side, so it won't be on anyone's relax-in-a-hammock-and-read list. Having said that, it's a very interesting take on a world that never makes the headlines.
Not only did author Vanessa R. Panfil have access to a group of men who were willing to tell all, but she fully used that access to understand why a gay man would turn to groups that are typically antigay. This leads her to the bigger picture, and the larger questions of violence and remaining closeted, as well as problems with being black, gay, and a gangster. And because her subjects so casually use offensive slang labels, that language, as well as the issues of sex workers, are examined.
Even readers who might struggle with the college-thesis feel of this book will ultimately come away with a better grasp of a world that they probably had never thought about before. Certainly for scholars, but also for readers interested in LGBT culture, The Gang's All Queer is a pretty safe bet.
More books:
One of These Things First
Steven Gaines
In what the Boston Globe deems “shocking, funny,” and “a real treasure,” best-selling author Steven Gaines charts his journey as a 15-year-old boy in the 1960s Brooklyn and his trajectory from his grandparent's bra-and-girdle store to, after a failed suicide attempt, one of the most exclusive psychiatric hospitals in the world. Here he meets a brilliant psychiatrist who promises to cure him of his homosexuality. With One of These Things First, Gaines takes a wry look back at his early years and coming out in Brooklyn. Delphinium Books (delphiniumbooks.com).—Josh Inocéncio
An Unkindness of Ghosts
Rivers Solomon
With the “breathtaking science fiction debut” of An Unkindness of Ghosts, Rivers Solomon depicts Aster who lives in the low-deck slums of the HSS Matilda, a space vessel organized much like the antebellum South. When the autopsy of Matilda's sovereign reveals a surprising link between his death and her mother's suicide, Aster retraces her mother's footsteps. Embroiled in a grudge with a brutal overseer, Aster learns there may be a new way off the ship if she's willing to fight for it. Akashic Books (akashicbooks.com).—Josh Inocéncio
Comments
Here is the latest news, traffic, travel, and weather updates for Bristol and the wider region on Monday, March 19.
If it is happening in Bristol, South Gloucestershire , or North Somerset , you will hear it here first.
We will keep you up to date on everything you need to know, including traffic, jobs and breaking news updates.
Is there something you want the Post to look into and investigate?
If you think there is a story we should know about, or you have spotted something in the community, get in touch with us.
You can tweet us or contact our newsroom by emailing bristolpostnews@localworld.co.uk .
If you are on the roads, make sure it is safe and legal to contact us before doing so.
LIVE animal exporters have returned fire against a fresh attack on their industry's economic and ethical standing, by the Australasian Meat Industry Employees Union (AMIEU).
In a statement issued today, the Newcastle and Northern NSW branch of the AMIEU demanded politicians at all levels of government “wake up” to “horrendous” job losses that live cattle exports are “inflicting” on the Australian meat processing industry.
The union said that at a conservative estimate, it believed over 40,000 meat-working jobs had been lost nationwide since 1990.
Asked to justify the number, AMIEU Secretary for the Newcastle and Northern NSW branch Grant Courtney said it was based on “evidence” of 150 plus plant closures since the early 1980's with an average workforce of about 250-300 jobs.
Asked what other factors were at play such as droughts, Mr Courtney said the continuity of livestock and no equal playing field for cost of processor setup on infrastructure which was required to retain export licenses
He said the meat industry was also the largest manufacturing workforce left in Australia with 55,000 employees.
“Local processing means local jobs for local Australians,” he said.
“Live cattle export is bleeding our local meat processing jobs dry and inflicting unspeakable cruelty on poor mistreated animals in order to do it.”
The AMIEU statement said “it's absolutely vital that our nation's leaders acknowledge and act on the simple, undeniable fact that local meat processing gives back to the Australian community and the Australian economy and live exports do not”.
It said live export makes its profit by offering a higher price for cattle than local processors can afford to pay, uses a skeleton crew of exploited visa workers to send them overseas, then sells them at a massive mark-up to be butchered in inhumane conditions by untrained, underpaid overseas butchers.
“One study in 2009 specifically around live export of sheep demonstrates that a sheep processed locally adds 20 per cent more to the Australian economy than one which is sent overseas,” the union said.
“A further study in 2012 proposes that building a new processing facility in north-Western Australia would actually increase earnings for farmers by 245pc- and create more than 1300 local jobs at the same time.
“Meanwhile, the live export industry undermines the future of regional Australia while subjecting animals to constant cruelty and mismanagement scandals.”
But the Australian Livestock Exporters' Council Chair Simon Crean said livestock exports formed part of an overall, balanced industry strategy for the red meat sector that was now Australia's largest value-added manufacturing industry.
Mr Crean said the total off-farm value for Australia's red meat industry was worth almost $18 billion annually to the national economy and livestock exports were approaching $2 billion in annual worth, making it a top 10 agricultural export.
He said independent analysis showed the livestock export sector also generated employment for up to 10,000 Australians per year; mostly in regional and rural areas.
“For a range of reasons including cultural traditions, deficiency of local infrastructure or local industry development, there is an ongoing global demand for live animals,” he said.
“The red meat sector is best served by a strong live export and boxed sector that maximises opportunities for producers with a wide range of market options, which in turn promotes growth and improvements in our production capacity and increases the overall economic value of the beef cattle industry.
“Australia's red meat supply chain draws much of its long-term resilience on the integrated way in which all players in the sector co-operate, including producers, livestock exporters and processors.
“Such integration, which is a pillar of the national red meat sector's strategic accord, is a significant strength and helps us to grow our overall red meat production and output for the benefit of all stakeholders.”
Last year after unions demanded live export quotas, Cattle Council of Australia President Howard Smith said Australian beef producers were strong supporters of free markets and government intervention at any point in the supply chain would inevitably create market failure, “which will ultimately harm cattle producers”.
Mr Smith said Cattle Council recognised the processing sector was currently managing the decline in cattle numbers but it was essential to the Australian beef industry's profitability that a long-term vision be maintained.
He said beef producers needed access to multiple, globally competitive markets to ensure the industry's long-term sustainability.
“It is vital that both the processor and live export supply chains are healthy and open to the free market”, he said.
“The whole beef industry must work together to ensure that all supply chains are as efficient and competitive.
“Only through greater collaboration, throughout the whole supply chain, can the beef industry reduce the peaks and troughs that we all experience”.
Mr Smith said the Australian beef industry had always been subject to ebbs and flows in supply and demand for both cattle and beef.
He said that results in differing points in the supply chain being more profitable than others at various times and market conditions can never be attributed to any one factor.
Seasonal conditions, global supply, exchange rates and market access all contribute to the price paid for cattle and beef at any one time, he said.
“We are entering an unprecedented period of global demand for protein - we must not put constraints on our supply chains,” he said.
“We must invest in them and remove impediments so they can prosper and create jobs.”
Mr Courtney also raised arguments for the union, similar to those ventilated repeatedly by extreme animal rights groups that demand the live trade's closure through government intervention.
“The live export industry is plagued with so many scandals that the Department of Agriculture (and Water Resources) needs to do an investigation into them once every two weeks,” he said.
“This is outrageous and it seems we are constantly seeing leaked videos showing horrific slaughtering conditions overseas.
“Local processing is done in compliance with the strictest possible standards and in accordance with the best industry practices.
“We need politicians who are willing to stand up for local jobs and denounce this gross parasitic trade for the cruel profiteering exercise it is.
“Local communities need meat processing to stay alive and the Australian economy needs the money that work provides.”
IF Nigel Adkins, a former physiotherapist, needed confirmation of the injury problems currently dogging his new club then it came last Friday when Hull City had to postpone an Under-23s fixture at the 11th hour.
With the Tigers involved in a FA Youth Cup tie that night and the first team requiring extra bodies on the bench the following afternoon, the scheduled clash with Leeds United fell by the wayside.
It is a far from ideal scenario for any manager, never mind one newly-appointed whose most pressing task is to steady a ship that has been listing towards the League One trapdoor.
Adkins's hope is that at least a couple of the 11 senior players he was without due to injury in last weekend's 3-2 win over Brentford will recover in time for the tough trip to Cardiff City.
“We have got a long injury list and there was even one or two who were struggling that started against Brentford,” said the new Hull chief. “I will be honest with you; going through the Christmas period I would love to keep a settled side. But I can't see that happening with what we have got. Everyone will have to contribute in their own way.”
Jarod Bowen, the club's top scorer, could return in south Wales after missing the win over the Bees with an ankle problem, while Michael Hector (hamstring) is also nearing fitness.
Adkins, meanwhile, had one eye on last night's clash at the Madejski between Reading and Saturday's opponents, Cardiff.
Lee Tomlin scored in stoppage time as Cardiff came from two goals down to snatch a 2-2 draw.
Callum Paterson's own goal and Mo Barrow gave the hosts a 2-0 lead but, after manager Neil Warnock was sent to the stands, the Bluebirds scored twice in the last seven minutes through Joe Bennett and Tomlin.
Daniel Osei Tuffuor, the Executive Director of ExLA Group
The Executive Director of ExLA Group, Daniel Osei Tuffuor has debunked claims which seek to suggest that the current number of staffers for the Office of the President is on the high. Speaking in a radio interview on an Accra-based local radio station, Hot FM, the leader of ExLA Group begun by breaking down the numbers constituting the 998 Presidential Staffers by stating that out of the total number is an already employed public and civil servants who constitute 706 which the current government met with their roles already defined. Therefore, the actual number employed by the current administration is 292.
Further, he explained that every government ascends the Presidency with a vision and the Nana Addo led government is no exception. With the number of priority projects being undertaken by the Administration, it is not out of order for the President to decide to appoint more competent hands which he has confidence in to deliver his mandate hence the extra numbers.
While the current number of staffers may appear huge on paper considering the numbers used by the past administration, Daniel Osei Tuffuor, believes that dueling on the numbers alone would not help to advance meaningful arguments. “What is important is finding out the exact assigned responsibilities of the employees and whether or not they are delivering on their mandates”, he continued.
He then bemoaned the propaganda in the media that has sought to stuff all the 998 staffers to the Jubilee House. He emphasized that although the staffers are deemed to be working at the office of the President, many of them are with the ministries of State and other agencies which seek to foster the governments overall vision for the nation. He stated that acts of deliberate misinformation and misrepresentation would only thwart the progress of our nation and must not be entertained.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool wants to sign two of the Championship's biggest stars this season, according to reports.
The Express suggests that the Reds are in the market to bring Fulham's Ryan Sessegnon and Norwich City's James Maddison to Anfield when the transfer market opens.
Maddison is expected to leave the Canaries this summer after an excellent season with 14 goals and eight assists which saw him make his debut for the England under-21 team.
The former Coventry City man is set to cost around £25million and the reports that his close friendship with Trent Alexander Arnold could help the deal to Liverpool go through.
The duo room together on international duty and apparently Maddison has his heart set on a place in Klopp's side.
The same report suggests that the Reds are also keen on landing Sessegnon ahead of Spurs and Man United.
Sessegnon, 17, is the hottest prospect in English football after a stunning season at Fulham which has seen him named as the best player in the division at the EFL Awards.
The Red have reportedly started talks with his agent about a potential deal as Klopp looks to snap up two of the finest young players around.
Fulham are thought to be looking to nearer £50m for the England under-21 international who is in line to make in senior international debut following the World Cup.
(Image: PA)
Elsewhere in the Championship, Steve Bruce has laughed off suggestions that Jack Grealish could be sold by Aston Villa this summer.
Several reports have linked the 22-year-old attacker with a move away from Villa Park. Leicester City were mentioned as a possible suitor with a £20m offer incoming.
However, Bruce says he has no plans to sell Grealish whatever league Villa are in next season.
Speaking to BirminghamLive , Steve Bruce laughed off the suggestion of selling the playmaker at such a price, and suggested that Villa would only even consider fees in the region of double that.
“I saw Leicester for £20m. That money now gets you a Harry Maguire, who played 30 times for Hull,” Bruce said at his press conference on Friday.
“Sam Clucas was £20m. No disrespect to them - I have had them - but how you can have Jack at that price?
“Jordan Henderson was £19m when I sold him to Liverpool from Sunderland eight years ago.
“You would have to double that to think about even blinking. Reports are going to be reports."
"Kapanen has been up a number of times and was real important for us last year in the playoffs, I think it looks like he's an NHL player. It looks to me like he's bringing it every day," said Leafs coach Mike Babcock. "Dermott seems to be getting better and better each game. His skillset, his thinking, he can really move the puck, he can skate. His ability to sort it out in our end is what is going to be measured over time, especially in the games where the other team plays heavy and it wears on you so that's just a matter of time.
"I thought Holl did a real good job in exhibition this year, I thought he played strong, he's done a good job in the American League and earned an opportunity."
It has created an internal competition with the Marlies pushing NHL veterans. Matt Martin is a healthy scratch. It will be hard for Babcock to reinsert Roman Polak even when he is healthy again.
"We're trying to have as deep an organization as we can and we want to bring the kids up when they're ready," said Babcock. "A lot of times in the National Hockey League we get them here before they're ready and they've got no confidence and then we're not happy with them.
"If you get them here when they're overripe, they've got a better chance of staying and being confident players and scoring. That's what we're trying to do the best we possibly can so the more depth the better. "
No questions there's a feel-good, pat-yourself-on-the-back attitude spreading among the Leafs front office which has turned the fortunes of the club around in very short order, considering where it was as recently as two years ago.
The club is on a four-game winning streak, with their young players taking a leadership role and the recent call-ups seemingly making the team better, thanks to their speed, skill and a surprising level of confidence.
The Leafs will have some roster decisions soon when Morgan Rielly (upper body) and Ron Hainsey (flu) return, quite possibly as early as Saturday against the Bruins.
But the success of Dermott and Holl has changed the conversation about the strength of the blue line. There's a depth that hadn't truly been seen before.
Still, the thinking is the Leafs will still need help at the trade deadline: Some more veterans sprinkled through the lineup, especially on the blue line. If an elite, right-handed shot defenceman happens to drop out of the sky, all the better.
Lamoriello's key deadline move last year — bringing in Brian Boyle — was deemed a success. It solidified the fourth line and the veteran brought a calming presence to a young team that seemed to be developing the yips as it pursued a playoff spot.
"We were able to get Brian, and he brought something into our lineup much like what Patrick Marleau and Ron Hainsey and Dominic Moore and Roman Polak have brought — seasoned veterans who have been in situations where they know what it is to win, they know what it is to get through rounds and how difficult it is," said Lamoriello. "Anything you can do, if you bring in a certain experienced player who most importantly can play."
Toronto Star
BUSINESS
(Yonhap)
Police said Wednesday they raided the headquarters of Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co. in an investigation into allegations that the company offered bribes to owners of properties for which it had bid to gain the sole rights for housing reconstruction.The white collar unit of the Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency sent 37 officers to the company's main office in Jongno, central Seoul, to obtain evidence.Police have been investigating the country's major builder based on intel that the firm gave out illegal gifts and cash last year to the owners of properties in an apartment complex subject to redevelopment in the affluent Gangnam district in southern Seoul.(Yonhap)
Four mystery men, including three tourists from Wakefield, helped save the life of a distraught teenager who walked into the sea at Blackpool.
The holidaymakers and a passing cyclist threw life rings to the 19-year-old and pulled her to safety from the water behind the Metropole hotel, close to North Pier, in the early hours of yesterday morning.
One of them, despite being soaked by the cold waves himself, took his shirt off and wrapped it round the distressed woman before the emergency services arrived.
The three tourists, who were said to be from Wakefield and in their 20s, were taken back to the New Royal Windsor Hotel further down the Prom, while the anonymous cyclist left without giving his details.
The men have now been hailed for their actions – and described as ‘selfless'.
Paul Little, the Coastguard's station officer for Lytham, Blackpool, and Cleveleys, said: “They were very brave. Between the four of them they have saved her life.
“She would not have survived very long in the water and it would have been a completely different outcome. It was selfless.”
The teen, who is from Blackpool, was well dressed and is believed to have been partying in the resort before heading towards the cenotaph at high tide at around 2am.
She was seen walking down the steps into the Irish Sea by the cyclist, who had stopped after seeing her handbag lying nearby, Mr Little said.
He shouted, raising the alarm, and, along with the trio from West Yorkshire, threw two life rings to the woman, who is thought to have been around 30 to 40 feet off-shore.
Two rescue teams from the Coastguard were dispatched, while RNLI volunteers from Blackpool launched in two lifeboats after receiving multiple 999 calls at around 2.20am.
Armed police officers, who had been patrolling nearby, were first on the scene, and Coastguard staff cared for the woman, who was shivering and in the early stages of hypothermia, until
paramedics arrived shortly after.
They took her to Blackpool Victoria Hospital, accompanied by a police officer. She has since been discharged.
“If you are in the water, you have 10 to 15 minutes before you succumb to the cold,” Mr Little said. “That's when you drown.”
A spokesman for the RNLI said: “Both of our D class lifeboats launched to search the area but the casualty was helped to shore just as they reached the scene.”
Were you involved in the rescue? Do you know who these men are? Call the Blackpool Gazette newsdesk on 01253 361733.
Usain Bolt could play for Manchester United in Legends match against Barcelona
Following his retirement from the track, Bolt could trade his golden shoes for football boots
@RohithNair by Rohith Nair News 14 Aug 2017, 17:02 IST
Usain Bolt could put on a Manchester United shirt in September
What's the story?
Following his retirement from athletics after his final appearance on the track at the 2017 IAAF World Athletics Championships in London, Usain Bolt could briefly switch careers to turn out in a Manchester United shirt at Old Trafford - according to BBC.
The Jamaican sprinter confirmed that there would be no comeback from retirement after his final race ended in tragedy. The 30-year-old suffered a hamstring injury in the 4x100m relay and Jamaica 'Did Not Finish' as a result, marking a shocking end to his sprint career.
"I've seen too many people retire and come back just to make it worse or to shame themselves," Bolt explained. "I won't be one of those people."
However, he could grace the football pitch when United Legends face Barcelona Legends on 2 September when club football takes a backseat during the international break.
In case you didn't know...
Bolt has been a Manchester United fan for ages and follows the club's progress, even giving his opinion on the club when asked for it. He started supporting the Red Devils mainly because he liked Ruud van Nistelrooy.
Also read: Usain Bolt reveals that Ruud van Nistelrooy was the reason he started supporting Manchester United
Bolt was also invited to the club in 2012 after his inspiring performance at the London Olympics where he bagged three gold medals in the 100m, 200m and 4x100m relay. He had even called up MUTV to praise United following their game against Middlesbrough last season.
The heart of the matter
After walking away with only a bronze medal (he came third in the penultimate race of his career, the 100m), Bolt's team have reportedly been in talks with the Old Trafford club regarding a possible appearance in a red shirt.
And the match between United Legends and Barcelona Legends has been earmarked as a potential stage for the sprinter to live his lifelong dream.
"If they called me from Manchester and said, 'We need you now,' I would take the next plane to England!" - Bolt in 2016
Bolt even watched United's first game of the season when they thrashed West Ham 4-0 on Sunday night.
After a rough week it's good to see victory for @ManUtd — Usain St. Leo Bolt (@usainbolt) August 13, 2017
Video: Usain Bolt in PES 2018
Bolt makes an appearance in Konami's 2018 release of their best-selling game Pro Evolution Soccer. He even has his trademark celebration in the game.
Happy to announce I'm making my debut as a footballer in #PES2018! Pre-order now to get me for your team! A post shared by Usain St.Leo Bolt (@usainbolt) on Jun 13, 2017 at 9:54am PDT
Author's take
Provided he recovers from his hamstring injury, not a single person on this planet will be against the decision to see Bolt play a football game. Well, maybe the Barcelona legends may protest considering they are in their late 30s and 40s while Bolt will only be 31 and still the reigning Fastest Man on Planet Earth.
But imagine watching him play alongside teammates such as Dwight Yorke and Ji-Sung Park up against the likes of Ronaldinho and Rivaldo?
Make it happen, United!
Peterborough band Idolising Nova continue to go from strength-to-strength - and this time Jack, Kris and Kyle have had thousands of people across Europe jumping and singing along to their songs.
Idolising Nova supported The Vamps at sold-out shows in Amsterdam, Paris and Cologne in front of lively and adoring crowds of more than 3,000 each night.
Jack said: “The reaction that we got in each city was incredible. The crowds were clapping, jumping and singing along to our songs and we had hundreds of people asking us for pictures and autographs after the shows - it was all very surreal.”
It's looking likely that this won't be the only big achievement for the Peterborough based band as they start to make a name for themselves in the music industry, with high profile names and companies contacting them.
Jack said: “We've got some very exciting things in the pipeline and we've had some booking agents from some of the biggest booking agencies in the world contact us over the past month or two, so hopefully we'll get some more opportunities like The Vamps tour in the near future.”
The boys are heading up north to St Helens this weekend to record a new single with Sugar House, the production duo who produced the Viola Beach album and have worked with Pale Waves, Larkins, Glass Caves and other successful bands.
“We've recorded and mixed everything ourselves in Kris' bedroom up until this point, so we're really looking forward to recording in a studio, especially with such great producers who have worked with bands that we love,” Jack said.
“The song we've written is very catchy, so hopefully we'll have a big, radio quality track after this weekend and we can get some good radio play with it.”
Keep up to date with the boys on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook (@IdolisingNova).
Handwashing. Never ever fail to fix your hands first before applying any cream. Do not just wet your hands. Use soap and water and rinse them under running water to remove dirt and possible contaminants that might be transferred to your face.
Brands similar to this make to show your internet obvious: 1) They create a very poor Luminescent Serum (having to take 6 or 8 pills a day to obtain the recommended nutritional value) and 2) They want you burn off through merchandise so you need to buy even more.
Boots No7 -The Protect & Perfect Intense Beauty Serum reduces wrinkles and fine order. The results can be seen after 4 weeks from using. This Luminescent Serum can be employed after skin is properly cleansed and toned. With gentle touch of finger tips, the serum can be smeared on face.
There is a way conquer the situation of oil skin belonging to the face additionally the body being susceptible to dry skin, you would like to make involving a non-soap cleanser on these web-sites. Soaps at times include rather harsh detergents that strip too many all-natural oils from the skin, therefore making it dry and tight.
Drink more juice and less coffee. We've already discovered that caffeine is detrimental for you during the moment so not really replace it with juice. Several that will allow you you can time are carrot, dark grape, and apple. Filled with those antioxidants and beta-carotene.
After a person use, you'll need the skincare glow that you really want if utilizing a mask containing kaolin and bentone gel. See many every fourteen days. You should not work with an exfoliant more often than that. If you're not sensitive to exfoliants, it is alternate the usage of the two. Here's another alternative.
Vegetables are a good choice. Divide and dip sparingly into hummus (see website for recipe) or some fat free, sugar free salad dressing. Good snacks are cauliflower, cucumbers, snow peas, zucchini, celery, and don't forget your asparagus.
TORONTO — Sitting on the toilet in her Washington, D.C., apartment dripping with sweat and feeling like she was about to pass out, Ami Sanchez thought, "No! I can't die on the can!" as she dialed 911.
Sanchez, a physically active and healthy professional in her mid-30s, had woken that night just over a year ago with terrible stomach pain and an urgent need to poop. But nothing was produced — she just felt faint. Thankfully, before she had time to collapse on the hard bathroom floor, the paramedics arrived.
By the time Sanchez got to the emergency room, she was surprised to find that she felt perfectly fine. In the hospital, doctors performed a physical exam, a blood test and an electrocardiogram, all of which were normal.
Doctors told Sanchez pain had triggered her "vasovagal response" and mentioned they often see people who faint after they had been constipated and straining. They left her with the following words of wisdom: "Don't push so hard next time."
"Defecation syncope" is the official term for fainting while trying for No. 2. In Canada, syncope accounts for approximately one per cent of all emergency room visits, but it is not well established how many of these episodes can be attributed to defecation. Some patients will not admit to it, and some doctors do not ask.
Dr. Robert Sheldon, a cardiologist at the University of Calgary and syncope researcher, says 2 to 3 per cent of the syncope cases he sees in his practice are related to defecation.
Fainting on the toilet may happen for a number of reasons. If a person is constipated, they may have the urge to take a deep breath, then push and strain. But straining lowers the volume of blood returning to the heart, which decreases the amount of blood leaving it.
Special pressure receptors in the blood vessels in the neck register the increased pressure from straining and trigger a slowing of the heart rate to decrease in blood pressure, leading people to faint. This vasovagal reflex can cause people who are dehydrated or have low blood pressure to pass out in many different circumstances, not just on the toilet.
Though it may be scary to pass out while on the toilet, overstraining and pain, rather than underlying heart disease, are by far the most common reasons for fainting on the toilet according to Dr. Chris Simpson, a syncope expert and acting dean of health sciences at Queen's University.
Simpson says that he has never uncovered a potentially life-threatening, hidden condition in someone who complained of defecation syncope.
Smith was the name of the game at at Greetham Valley at the weekend.
Graham Smith, Adam Smith and Rory Smith (all unrelated) took the first three places in the June medal competition.
Almost 100 golfers took part in the annual Daniel Markillie Memorial Day competition at Gedney Hill, which raised over �3,000 for charity. Fittingly the ladies competition was won by Daniels mum, Kim Markillie, who is pictured with sons Alex and Stefan..
Graham (six handicaps) played a masterful round, dropping only two shots on the outward half and going one better on the return, and he finished with a net score of 69.
Second place went to Adam (21 handicaps) who beat namesake Rory (five handicaps on countback with a net 72.
In the Midweek Medal, Rory also took third place with a net 71 behind Steve Orton (12 handicap) with a net 69 and had a great round of 69 (nett) and Leon Wyche (six handicaps with a cracking net 65.
GOLF RESULTS ROUND-UP
PETERBOROUGH MILTON
Seniors
Over 60s Open: 1 John Fulton/Peter Batchelor (Woburn) 42pts; 2 Bob Radcliffe/Roy Foden (Spalding) 42pts; 3 Trevor Watts/ Paul Robbins (Lakeside Lodge) 40pts; 4 Peter Beckley/Jack Alletson (Newmarket) 40pts. Best Milton members - John MacCallum/John Harlock 39pts. Nearest the pin winners - Clive Patrick (Lingdale), Ken Bonser (Market Harborough), Alan Barnes (Toft), Jim Robinson (Retford).
Peterborough Milton 5.5, Belton Park 2.5 (Peterborough Milton names first): Mike Williamson/Eddie Trevor won 1 up; Bob Streeton/Geoff Dunmore lost 1 down; Roy Chowings/Steve Moule won 1 up; Pete Glover/Sut Panchi lost 1 down; Graham Beer/Graham Goodall halved; Keith Benson/Don McFarlane won 4&3; Stuart McKenzie/John Oughton won 1 up; George Garnish/Malcolm Wakefield won 7&5.
GEDNEY HILL
Mixed
Gedney Hill Open Am-Am: 1 Chris Bennett/Eddie Grange/Steve Steels/Pete Vinter 93pts; 2 Lynn Exley/Robin Exley/Andy Brereton/Chris Gilbert 91pts.
Seniors
Gedney Hill 3, Sudbrook Moore 3: Keith Cooper/Peter Orbine halved; Wally Lawes/Bill Sharpe lost 2&1; Rob Newns/Greg Walsh lost 6&5; Steve Sayer/Bob Townsend won 3&2; Mick Page/Carol Plume won 1 up; Merv Davies/Neil Sargeant halved.
June Medal: Division One - 1 Merv Davies net 67; 2 Mick Page net 69. Division Two - 1 Peter Orbine net 69; 2 Stuart Biggar net 72. Division Three - 1 Paul Wood net 70; 2 Don Hinshelwood net 73.
Ladies
June Medal: 1 Lynn Exley net 75; 2 Christine Lord net 78; 3 Ann Chick net 80.
ELTON FURZE
Men
Elton Furze 2, Nene Park 1, CAGU Inter-Club Scratch Foursomes League (Elton Furze names first): Adam Brown/Tom Forster halved with Neil Presto/Jamie Wilson; Jake Shacklock/John Summerfield halved with Ian Symonds/Jason Latter; Darren Clifton/Mbachi Nkana beat Chris Hewitt/Mick Marot 7 up.
June Medal: Division One - 1 Mark Forge 81-11=70; 2 Christopher Jackson 82-11=71. Division Two - 1 Tim Loutitt 86-18=68; Kenneth Stapleford 92-18=74. Division Three - 1 Simon Peck 86-20=66; 2nd Mark Kohter 95-25=70.
Seniors
Texas Scramble: 1 M. Coleman/W. Livingstone/C. Bayliss 65.4; 2 D. Tansley/F. Barber/P. McDonald 67.6.
Ladies
June Medal: 1 Mel Steel 94-18=76; 2 Sue Dibble 109-32=77.
GREETHAM VALLEY
Men
June Medal: 1 Graham Smith net 69; 2 Adam Smith net 72; 3 Rory Smith net 72.
Midweek Medal: 1 Leon Wyche net 65; 2 Steve Orton net 69; 3 Rory Smith net 71 .
Ladies
Midweek Medal: 1 Rita Knapp net 77; 2 Angela Wheeler net 82; 3 Peggy Smith.
June Medal: 1 Ellie Haughton net 77; 2 Kay Ropson net 77; 3 Hayley Hunt net 79.
Greetham Valley 2, Stoke Rochford 1, Scratch League (Greetham names only): Sophie Beardsall won 3&2; Gilly Grant won 5 & 3; Dee Ginnity lost 4&2.
Seniors
Veterans Cup (Over 70s): 1 Alan Sorlie 35pts; 2 Gordon Wiles 35pts; 3 Fred Aspin 34 pts.
June Medal: Division One - 1 David Nichol net 64; 2 Neil Bradbury net 69; 3 Mike Hoye net 70. Division Two - 1 Derek Moult net 71; 2 Bob Scrafton net 73; 3 Bob King net 74.
The Hague, Wednesday
A bitter dispute at the world's only permanent war crimes court over Congolese politician Jean-Pierre Bemba flared back into the open Wednesday, as prosecutors alleged his surprise acquittal was based on tainted evidence.
Earlier this month, a starkly divided five-judge Bench of the International Criminal Court overturned Bemba's 2016 conviction and 18-year jail term imposed for five counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity.
But prosecutor Kweku Vanderpuye told judges in a separate corruption and bribery case involving Bemba and his cohorts that “you can't underestimate the degree of corrosion that was in the record before the appeals court”.
“At the end of the day, the appeal achieved the very objective of the common criminal plan in which these defendants participated, which was Bemba's acquittal.”
Wednesday's hearing was called after the appeals court in the corruption case ordered judges to re-determine the sentence imposed on Bemba, 55, and two others.
The appeals court confirmed in March they were guilty of bribing, corrupting and coaching 14 defence witnesses in his main trial.
But the appeals judges ruled the original sentences imposed for corruption of between two-and-a half years and six months were too low and sent the case back to the lower court for re-sentencing.
Vanderpuye called for a maximum five years to be imposed on Bemba, his lawyer Aime Kilolo and his legal case manager Jean-Jacques Mangenda.
“Anything other than this in our view is patently untenable. Rather than stem impunity it would only promote it,” he argued.
Neither Bemba, once a rebel leader who became vice president of the vast central African country, nor his co-accused were present in the court on Wednesday.
After his June 8 acquittal in the main war crimes case, Bemba was provisionally freed by the ICC pending sentencing in the corruption case and has returned to Belgium where he was arrested in 2008 and handed over to the ICC.
The ICC opened its doors in 2002 as a court of last resort which seeks to bring to justice those behind the world's worst atrocities where domestic tribunals cannot act.
In the court's toughest sentence to date, Bemba had initially been found guilty by the judges of the atrocities committed by his private army, the Congolese Liberation Movement, under his command.
They committed a series of rapes, murders and pillaging after being sent into neighbouring Central African Republic to put down a coup from 2002-03. — AFP
Home-Based Drug Treatment Program Costs Less And Works
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jack Rodolico/NHPR Jack Rodolico/NHPR
Hannah Berkowitz is 20 years old. When she was a senior in high school her life flew off the rails.
She was getting high on whatever drugs she could get her hands on. She was suicidal. Berkowitz moved into a therapeutic boarding school to get sober, but could only stay sober while she was on campus during the week.
"I'd come home and try to stay sober really hard — really, really hard," says Berkowitz. "Sometimes I'd make it through the weekend, and sometimes I just couldn't make it. It was white-knuckling it, just holding on."
The transition back home always triggered a relapse for Berkowitz.
"I thought it was just my fault and there was no hope," she says.
No hope — but Berkowitz did have luck. She had private health insurance and she lived in Connecticut, where a startup company, Aware Recovery Care, had begun treating clients in the very environment where Hannah was struggling to stay sober: her home.
A chronic disease approach
Treating addiction is a growing business, but a lot of the treatment that's available is expensive and patients often relapse. Fortunately, there is a way to help some people pay less for better results, says Matt Eacott, vice president of Aware Recovery Care.
"Ninety-nine percent of the industry really treats addiction as an acute problem — like a rash on your arm that you rub lotion on and you're done," says Eacott.
Instead, Aware treats addiction as a chronic illness — it doesn't disappear just because symptoms are temporarily under control. The approach is a cost-effective way of treating addiction, Eacott says, with better results than most competitors achieve.
Aware comes into clients' homes and connects them with a nurse, a primary care doctor, a therapist, peer support, 12-step meetings and a case manager. Clients hooked on opioids can get medication-assisted treatment. They can also submit to urine screening and GPS tracking, if that helps them stick with the program.
Hannah's mother, Lois Berkowitz, says the program is intense at first. But as Hannah built coping skills the supports faded into the background.
"It's not like they're doing the work for the addict," says Lois Berkowitz, "they're just basically taking them by the hand and saying, 'Here are the places you need to go that will help you. And I'm going to go with you to start, so it doesn't feel that uncomfortable. And then we're going to let you fly.' "
Before they "fly," Aware clients have a pretty long runway. The treatment lasts for a full year.
Benefits worth the initial cost, insurer says
Aware has now expanded from its base in Connecticut into New Hampshire. The program is expensive. It costs $38,000 a year. As of now, it's only available to private-pay clients and people insured through Anthem health insurance in New Hampshire and Connecticut.
Anthem became the first insurer to pay Aware, because the treatment is based on hard science that's yielding solid results for clients, says Dr. Steven Korn, Anthem's behavioral health medical director. Science and results are rare in addiction treatment, he says.
"There are old, old notions that have hung pretty tough," says Korn. "When I was young — when I was in training — as soon as substance abuse was mentioned, the response of physicians was, 'Well, go to AA. That's not our problem. We don't treat that.' "
For a year of treatment, Anthem says it's paying Aware about the same as the cost of a month or two of inpatient treatment. Anthem also says 72 percent of Aware clients are either sober at the end of one year or still in active treatment.
That's about twice the sobriety rate of people who check in to a facility for a month and then get no follow-up care, says Dr. Stuart Gitlow, past president of the American Society of Addiction Medicine.
Treating addiction at home makes sense because it's the exact place where people learned all their bad habits, Gitlow says.
"It's all based on this concept that addiction is not about the substance use," he says, "but is about what led to the substance use in the first place. And you can't really get there without getting to know the patient."
Aware says it's in negotiations with four more major insurers. The program hopes to have a couple hundred clients in New Hampshire by the end of the year.
This story is part of NPR's reporting partnership with New Hampshire Public Radio and Kaiser Health News.
Yerevan /Mediamax/. Upon the invitation of Armenian President Armen Sarkissian, Italian President Sergio Mattarella will pay a 2-day state visit to Armenia on July 30.
According to the Armenian presidential press service, the Italian President will have meetings with Armen Sarkissian, Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan, Speaker of National Assembly Ara Babloyan and Supreme Patriarch and Catholicos of All Armenians Karekin II.
Sergio Mattarella's delegation will pay a visit to Armenian Genocide Memorial Complex.
KT Chairman Hwang Chang-gyu (KT)
KT Chairman Hwang Chang-gyu has called for South Korea's second-largest mobile carrier to move beyond its flagship telecom business and become a platform company based on intelligent network technologies.“KT's goal should not be to become Korea's No. 1 telecom company but to become a platform company with intelligent network technologies,” Hwang said during his New Year's speech.“We should not aim to become the No. 1 leader in the IPTV market, but become a strong media platform company that can create a new paradigm in how people consume media,” he said.Hwang also urged KT employees to devise new, upgraded strategies to shake up the current state of the local telecom market.“We must pursue technology-based differentiation and make efforts to break the existing market order. It's a change we need to pursue to become first-movers in the global race for next-generation 5G networks and ultrafast internet,” he said.The KT chairman's term is scheduled to end in March. Hwang, who took up his post as chief of KT in January 2014, has yet to announce whether he will be serving another term.By Sohn Ji-young (jys@heraldcorp.com)
Jammu: A Jammu and Kashmir court has issued an arrest warrant against BJP leader Rajinder Singh for using derogatory language against chief minister Mehbooba Mufti during a rally in Kathua.
The warrant was issued by Kathua's Chief Judicial Magistrate AS Langeh on Tuesday after the SHO of the Hiranagar police station filed an application in the court accusing Rajinder of evading arrest and changing his hideouts in Jammu and Udhampur in J&K and Pathankot in Punjab, a police spokesperson said.
The judge said there were sufficient grounds in the application seeking an arrest warrant against Rajinder and authorised the police to arrest him wherever found.
A case under section 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of the Ranbir Penal Code, applicable only in the state of J-K and Section 66A of the Information Technology Act has been registered against the absconding BJP leader.
Rajinder, the brother of former Jammu and Kashmir forest minister Lal Singh, was booked by police on May 21 after a 26-second video clip, showing him perched atop a vehicle and abusing Mehbooba as his supporters cheer him, was circulated widely.
Rajinder had taken part in the massive ‘Dogri Swabhiman' rally on May 20 - from Lakhanpur to Hiranagar in Kathua district- to press for a CBI probe into the rape and murder of an eight-year-old girl.
Lal Singh had resigned from the Council of Ministers for attending the rally in support of the suspected rapists of the girl, from a minority nomadic tribe, organised by the Hindu Ekta Manch.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne and her cabinet ministers excel at alternative facts and fake news.
The latest example was Finance Minister Charles Sousa's speech Thursday to The Empire Club, part of which boasted about how the Liberals saved Ontario's electricity system by doing the heavy lifting needed to improve it.
As a result, Sousa said, Ontario's electricity grid is now “the envy of North America” because the Liberals restored “integrity and reliability” to it, unlike neighbouring Canadian provinces and the rust belt states.
Simply put, what on Earth is Sousa talking about?
Hydro One controls the transmission of electricity through 29,000 km of hydro lines in Ontario and provides electricity to 1.3 million customers.
In her December, 2015 annual report, Ontario Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk said between 2010 and 2014, Hydro One customer experienced 24% more power outages, lasting 30% longer, while costs to run the system increased by 31%.
She described Hydro One as “consistently one of the least reliable among large Canadian electricity distributors”.
She said its maintenance backlog increased by 47% and power outages by 7%, between 2012 and 2014.
Lysyk reported the risk of power failures was increasing because Hydro One hadn't replaced $4.5 billion in transmission assets, “that have exceeded their planned useful service life”.
In 2014, former Ontario ombudsman Andre Marin reported that trying to get straight answers out of Hydro One on its horrendous customer billing practices, following complaints by 10,000 customers, was like, “wrestling with a slippery pig”.
He said Hydro One had issued more than 100,000 incorrect bills, covering everything from unexplained billings, to “catch-up” bills, “estimated” bills, multiple bills and over-billing.
Wynne is now selling 60% of Hydro One to the private sector, putting it beyond the scrutiny of the auditor general and ombudsman.
Sousa said the government now realizes electricity rates are too high, which is why its cutting them by a total of 25% in June (by increasing the province's debt to subsidize them).
While Sousa didn't mention it, prior to this announcement, the Liberals claimed electricity pricing in Ontario was in the middle of the pack compared to Canada and the US.
Hydro Quebec does an annual comparison of electricity rates in major cities, standardized for a monthly consumption of 1,000 kilowatt-hours (kWh), with all prices in Canadian currency.
Its 2016 survey found electricity prices for residential customers in Toronto of 17.81 cents per kilowatt/hour and in Ottawa of 16.15 cents per kilowatt/hour.
That was higher than in Vancouver (10.70); Calgary (10.40); Edmonton (10.37); Regina (14.65); Winnipeg (8.43); Montreal (7.23); Halifax (15.88); Moncton (12.50); Charlottetown (16.02); St. John's (11.96); Seattle (13.62); Portland (13.94); Chicago (15.19); Nashville (14.28); Houston (11.25) and Miami (11.67).
The Toronto and Ottawa rates were lower than in San Francisco (31.05); Detroit (20.24); Boston (27.69) and New York (29.52).
Thus, according to Hydro Quebec's major cities' survey, Ontario's residential electricity rates are the highest in Canada and only in the mid-range when you add in American cities.
An accurate statement in Sousa's Empire Club speech regarding hydro was that the system needed upgrading when the Liberals came into power in 2003 because of past neglect by governments of all stripes, including Liberals.
But much of it was firmly in the realm of alternative facts and fake news.
lgoldstein@postmedia.com
While it is imperative to have an idea of what you will wear along with options at hand, choosing jewellery can inspire you to add or reduce embellishments from your wedding outfit which you probably will never wear again. Your jewels are an investment for the future as well.
ROBERT SNODGRASS last night revealed his reasons behind rejecting Hull City's contract offer, writes Richard Sutcliffe.
The Scottish international underlined his value to the Tigers with his eighth goal of the season in Friday's 2-2 draw at home to Everton.
Hull wanted to tie Snodgrass down to a new deal but he turned down the offer last month. Since then, Hull have activated a clause in his existing deal that means the winger is contracted to the club until June, 2018.
“I am under contract,” Snodgrass told The Yorkshire Post. “But I rejected the offer they put to me (in December) because it wasn't long enough or enough security for me and my family. I had to assess it, I will be open and honest about that.”
Middlesbrough head a long list of clubs set to test Hull's resolve to keep hold of their top scorer in January.
By extending his current deal, however, the Tigers hope to keep hold of Snodgrass amid all this interest from potential suitors.
Asked about the extension, Snodgrass added: “I will have to ask the owner about what went on there. What has probably happened is he has activated everyone's year they had when first signed.
“There have been no new proper negotiations. It has not been the best for myself.
“What he has probably done is want to get everyone tied down for 18 months. I don't know enough about it, he has just activated that from the last contract I signed.”
Hull head to West Brom today hoping to end a seven-game losing run on the road.
It will be the last appearance by Ahmed Elmohamady and Dieumerci Mbokani before the duo fly out to the Africa Cup of Nations, something that adds urgency to Hull's need to bring in fresh faces.
“January is a big month,” added Snodgrass. “We need fresh faces to create that competition and that buzz. Sometimes, those players can make the difference.”
Two points from five games is a return that does not reflect the Tigers' improved displays.
Snodgrass insists this has to give Hull hope.
“Everton was one of those nights,” he added. “We put in a good level of performance, but a lapse in concentration cost us. The performances (over the last five games) are night and day with the Middlesbrough game. That was a low point for everyone, including the manager.”
AMHERST COUNTY, Va. - A 23-year-old Amherst County woman is wanted on multiple charges related to the death of her 1-month-old son.
Maegan Elaine Collier, of Madison Heights, is currently charged with involuntary manslaughter and two counts of felony child endangerment.
Her son died March 6.
If you have any information about Collier's whereabouts please contact the Amherst County Sheriff's Office at 434-946-9300 or Crimestoppers via the P3 app or 1-888-798-5900.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Air Force Radio News 14 February 2017 B
Today's Stories: Air Force Chief of Staff, General David Goldfein presented Lieutenant Colonel Eric Amissah with an award as one of the Air Force's top performing African American officers in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM).
A Seoul appellate court Thursday upheld a lower court's ruling that cleared two opposition lawmakers of charges of taking illicit political funds in the runup to the April parliamentary elections last year.
The Seoul High Court dismissed the prosecution's appeal against the initial verdict and found Reps. Park Sun-sook and Kim Soo-min of the People's Party not guilty.
This file photo shows Rep. Park Sun-sook (left) and Rep. Kim Soo-min of the People`s Party on Oct. 12, 2016. (Yonhap)
Park and Kim were indicted in August 2016 on charges that they received some 216 million won ($192,000) in return for giving contracts to two PR agencies to produce publicity materials for the party's election campaign.The prosecution also accused the two lawmakers of forging documents to redeem the money from the National Election Committee as if the money had been actually spent on campaigning.The court agreed with the Seoul Central District Court, which ruled that the payments were fair proceeds based on the contract. It also rejected the prosecution's argument for their violation of the election law, since the two firms merely worked on publishing materials for the election.Park and Kim regained their party membership rights in March after they were acquitted of all charges by the lower court in January. The prosecution filed for an appeal in the same month. (Yonhap)
Chief defends police service in light of suit — Jan. 16
I have been watching the events surrounding the pending class-action suit against the Waterloo Regional Police Service. This is playing out in a very public arena. The police service is dependent upon the public's trust and I just see it eroding away. I found Chief Bryan Larkin's response to the pending lawsuit premature and cavalier as he discounted the allegations outright while praising his officers as honourable. How does he know that all of the officers have behaved honourably? He talked about the service being committed to treating all members with respect. Again, how does he know this? He wouldn't have known of the time before he arrived. Where is his balanced support to all the service's members?
Chief Larkin didn't have to respond and, at the end of the day, these remarks may not play out well for him. His one-sided position just isn't sitting right. It's time for the police to simply listen, and demonstrate some openness and mindful action, and let a court of law determine the truthfulness of the allegations.
Kelly Blake Peters
Kitchener
Facebook plunged to its worst loss in four years Monday and led a rout in technology companies. The social media company's stock fell following reports that a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users.
On Monday:
The S&P 500 index lost 39.09 points, or 1.4 percent, to 2,712.92.
The Dow Jones industrial average slid 335.60 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,610.91.
The Nasdaq composite retreated 137.74 points, or 1.8 percent, to 7,344.24.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks skidded 15.49 points, or 1 percent, to 1,570.56.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 39.31 points, or 1.5 percent.
The Dow is down 108.31 points, or 0.4 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 440.85 points, or 6.4 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 35.05 points, or 2.3 percent.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Susquehanna County President Judge Jason Legg plans to swear in a new county district attorney Monday morning and it won't be the man who has the job now.
Legg will swear in Marion O'Malley, said Stacey Witalec, a spokeswoman for the Administrative of Pennsylvania Courts, in an email. O'Malley was Legg's first assistant when he was district attorney.
Legg appointed O'Malley district attorney on Jan. 5, but held off on swearing her in until the state Supreme Court ruled on whether William Urbanski should keep the job. Urbanski, first assistant to District Attorney Robert Klein, acted as district attorney after Klein's death on Dec. 27 and believes he should stay.
The Supreme Court refused Thursday to declare Urbanski the district attorney as he asked it to do, but allowed him to go back to county court and file a lawsuit to try to keep the job.
Urbanski plans to do that, but had not as of today. Efforts to reach him and Legg were unsuccessful Friday.
Bruce Castor, Urbanski's lawyer, said he has not determined if Urbanski will try to do the job after O'Malley is sworn in.
“It means potentially a big mess,” Castor said in an email. “This is all uncharted territory.”
Castor said swearing in O'Malley risks jeopardizing criminal cases she files if the Supreme Court later rules she is not district attorney. But Matthew Haverstick, O'Malley's lawyer, said Thursday that's also true if the court rules Urbanski is not district attorney.
Two days after Klein died, Legg officially told Urbanski that he could not be district attorney because he did not live in the county. Urbanski, who contends he established a county residence on Dec. 20, believes state law says he automatically inherits the job because he was first assistant. He had a Luzerne County magisterial district judge swear him in on New Year's Day.
Legg believes only first assistants who live in the county can inherit the job and doesn't believe Urbanski actually lived in the county when Klein died.
Castor plans to file the lawsuit to get Urbanski the job permanently soon and ask for appointment of a judge from outside the county to decide the case. Whoever loses could appeal directly to the Supreme Court.
Legg is scheduled to administer the oath of office to O'Malley at 9 a.m. Monday in a county courthouse courtroom in Montrose.
Contact the writer: bkrawczeniuk@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9147; @BorysBlogTT on Twitter
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Radio 1 Breakfast Show has to be one of the most gruelling jobs in the world of showbiz.
Kicking off at 6.30am the bleary-eyed host needs to be cheery and chipper from the get go.
With a 10am finish the day might seem simple enough but the early shift soon takes it toll on celebrity hosts who often attend showbiz events late into the night.
As Nick Grimshaw steps down from the BBC show after six years, he admits to being "really tired".
He added: "Six years is a long time and this isn't a forever job."
(Image: Instagram / nicholasgrimshaw)
And maybe he's got out at just the right time as the show is known for running its hosts into the ground...
Chris Moyles
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Chris Moyles sparked fears for his health after serving eight years on the Radio 1 Breakfast Show from 2004 until 2012.
"I'm not having a breakdown," he insisted in January 2012 while posting an exhausted-looking selfie.
The Radio 1 star sparked concerns after he made an on-air rant at the BBC for not paying him for two months.
He had also recently split from long-term girlfriend Sophie Waite and been sleeping on his brother's sofa.
He joked: "I feel very well, everything is all right, I'm not Ron Burgundy having a breakdown. I'm absolutely fine and looking forward to the weekend. I haven't drunk any milk out of a carton."
Chris Evans
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Chris Evans presented the show from 1995 until 1997 when his outrageous demands became too much for the BBC.
He took the crew out on a 17-hour pub crawl that ended two hours before they were due on air - resulting in his first big falling-out with management.
He was fined one day's pay, £7,000.
Despite his outrageous behaviour he deemed himself indispensable and once took an extra week of unplanned holiday and then turned up half an hour late for his show.
He demanded his hours were changed so he could arrive at 7am every day and his request was accepted.
(Image: MirrorPix)
In November 2016, Evans announced on air that he was medically unfit to be on the radio - and he re-negotiated his contract to double his holiday.
After more boozy nights out with Paul Gascoigne and Danny Baker, Evans quit in January 1997 when his demand not to have Fridays off to prepare for his TV show TFI Friday was rejected.
Zoe Ball
(Image: Press Association)
In 1998, Zoe reigned as queen of the ladettes and was the hard-partying, highly-paid presenter of Radio 1's Breakfast show.
Zoe was hosting the breakfast show from Ibiza when she met her future husband Norman Cook and they were a match made in hedonistic heaven.
Zoe said of their first encounter: “We bumped into Norman and he said: ‘How would you like to not go to bed with me tonight?', meaning let's go out all night. So we went into every club in Ibiza and I did the Breakfast Show the next morning on no sleep. But what a night!”
Zoe she admitted she was so ‘high' when she was due to host a live broadcast from the island the following morning she had trouble speaking.
(Image: Mirrorpix)
She said: “As the show finished and my high from the night before started to fade, I looked around at the Radio 1 people and thought, 'I might get the sack.'"
Zoe also revealed that before she announced her exit from Radio 1 in 2000, BBC bosses were increasingly concerned for her mental health.
She said: “I remember turning up one day looking at the clock and trying to say it's ten past seven – and all the words came out in the wrong order.
“So something had to give. I know the bosses were a bit concerned about my health – and my mental health.”
What went wrong for Argentina?
Mayuk Kumar FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Feature 33 // 04 Jul 2018, 18:36 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Well, it must have sunk in by now that Argentina is no longer a part of the World Cup. It is truly heartbreaking to see a team's fall from grace in the manner in which it happened.
However, many people are just pointing to the fact that Lionel Messi never truly shone in this tournament. As accurate as it may be, it is also worth noting that they never got to play their strongest team. And when a statement like this is put forward, it all stems down to the manager and his team selection.
Most of the time it is unfair to put all the blame on the coach of a team when they exit a big tournament. Here, however, it is safe to say that Sampaoli did not exactly do himself any favours by selecting the team and leaving out his main men.
Aguero left out
Take Aguero as well. Even he was not afforded the chances that a player of his calibre deserves. Although he was replaced by Gabriel Jesus for Manchester City this season, he can still play good in the big games and was bound to play a bigger role for his country than he eventually did. He scored in their first game in Russia and even a late goal against France before they bowed out.
Sampaoli the man to take them further?
Jorge Sampaoli missed a trick in this tournament when he did not play Messi and Dybala from the start in all the group games as well as the Round of 16 ties against France.
Dybala, who has been a revelation since moving to Juventus, has been in astounding form over the past couple of seasons. His stats back up his talents really well.
Sampaoli in the past stated that Messi and Dybala cannot play together due to similar styles of playing. But, at the end of the day, it is down to the manager to make the team play in a manner which will win you games. Dybala could have been the different thing that this team needed in this tournament.
What could have been done?
Two ways in which they could have played with him are in a 4-2-3-1 with Messi behind Dybala who would have been the striker or even a 4-3-3 with Messi and Di Maria on either wings and Dybala through the middle.
The very fact that Meza was the last substitute brought on when they needed the striking abilities and sharpness of the young Argentine, shows us that the manager had not thought that one through and had to ultimately pay for it.
Messi looked clueless and lost and needed some inspiration himself. He was not finding it. His teammates were looking lost as well which added to their misery.
It is sad that we never truly got to see Dybala being in action in Russia when he could have been the difference between Argentina staying on in the tournament or boarding the flight home.
But, then again, we will never know.
Mayo Clinic's shuttle parking on 2nd street is apparently the right idea.
All of the Destination Medical center plans revolve around an idea of "park once".
"Really the goal is to make it more convenient for people to come to work to come downtown, to park once and once you park, to easily get around," Patrick Seeb, Director of Economic Development and Placemaking for DMC, said.
Everyone working on DMC has narrowed down to three plans that include parking on the peripheries of downtown.
The question now is how will they get to the heart of the city?
The three plans rising to the top are a tram system, a Bus Rapid Transit system, and an above-ground monorail.
"The bus rapid transport system is more popular because of the fact that it's probably the least of expense," City Councilman Mark Bilderback said. "It's still mobile and are able to do different things with it, you can change routes but you can also make it to have fixed routes."
While the bus system is popular, Councilman Mark Bilderback says the monorail, or AGT, is also popular because it is the new thing.
"I think it's just an interesting new concept and so people are interested because it's really the first time they've heard about it," Bilderback said.
DMC planners say there's a lot of excitement to make a working transportation system.
"I think people are looking forward to the opportunity of not having to pay for expensive parking and not driving around all downtown to figure out where to park," Seeb said. "And also, throughout the day, to not have to get back to your car and drive somewhere else."
At the end of the day, it's that public input that's going to make or break these plans.
That's what they need to understand, we need to hear their input," Bilderback said. "We need them to let us know what they think and why. The more of that we get, that's going to help us bring it to a conclusion that hopefully will be the best for Rochester."
WWE News: SmackDown LIVE viewership encounters a new low for 2017
There seems to be no respite from falling viewership for the WWE.
by Prityush Haldar News 15 Jun 2017, 11:21 IST
Smackdown LIVE barely managed 2 million views on the go home show to Money in The Bank
What's the story?
ShowBuzz Daily reported that this week's WWE Smackdown LIVE tapings drew 2.072 million viewers. This number is a new low for SmackDown in 2017 as it has fallen below last week's episode that drew 2.349 million views.
In case you didn't know...
The go-home show of Smackdown LIVE before Money in the Bank was lit with matches involving the blue brand's top Superstars. The main event was a six-man tag team affair with Nakamura, Styles, and Sami Zayn taking on the team of Baron Corbin, Kevin Owens, and Dolph Ziggler.
The show also featured the New Day, The Fashion Police, the Colons and The Usos in tag team action. Women's Champion Naomi took on Tamina, while Charlotte Flair squared off with Natalya. The show also marked the return of Zack Ryder after being out of action for six months following a knee injury.
The heart of the matter
SmackDown LIVE ranked at number 11 on cable for Tuesday night behind the likes of Lead with Jake Tapper, Rachel Maddow, Situation Room, CNN News Room, Last Word, Hannity, Tucker Carlson, The Five, Your World and the Jeff Sessions hearing. However, in the 18-49 demographic, Smackdown LIVE performed better with the second rank just behind ESPN's 30 For 30.
Smackdown LIVE's red counterpart drew a decent 2.542 million viewers. But this number also proved to be a new low for RAW in 2017 going down from last week's 2.994 million viewers.
What's next?
The blue brand will be hosting the Money in The Bank PPV this Sunday. The show will emanate from the Scottrade Center in St. Louis, MO and will feature the biggest Smackdown Superstars including Randy Orton, AJ Styles, Shinsuke Nakamura, Charlotte Flair and many others.
Author's take
The fall in ratings does not come at a good time for the WWE with Money in the Bank just a few days away. WWE has promoted the PPV to historic proportions stressing on the first ever Women's Money in The Bank match.
Rumours suggest that the PPV hasn't been sold out yet. WWE need to up their game soon to prevent the ratings from falling further.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Stephen Linton (Yonhap)
The Eugene Bell Foundation, which provides tuberculosis treatment to North Korea, on Thursday called for Seoul to allow humanitarian aid apart from political consideration.South Korea has in recent years been reluctant to grant relief groups' proposals for humanitarian assistance in the face of the North‘s relentless weapons development and provocations. The government's attitude has posed a substantial obstacle to the foundation‘s efforts to save ailing patients, prompting it to mull moving its headquarters overseas, its founder and chairman Stephen Linton said.“If the government continues to tie humanitarian aid with politics and North Korean provocations, then we have no choice but to discontinue the project -- at least in South Korea,” he said at a news conference in Seoul.“We are even considering relocating our Seoul headquarters to another country, but our patients in North Korea prefer treatment supplies from South Korea than from other international organizations.“It would be very sad to break the tradition that lasted for more than 20 years since 1995 because of South Korea's unfair regulations.”With many North Koreans exposed to malnutrition, infectious diseases and adverse living conditions, civic groups at home and abroad have been carrying out relief programs.They are required to obtain the Unification Ministry's approval to visit the North or communicate with its nationals, but Eugene Bell was the only entity to have managed to secure its' endorsement last year, thanks chiefly to its nature as an international organization.The organization has recently returned from its regular three-week visit to North Korea to assist its 12 tuberculosis centers scattered around the reclusive state, including Pyongyang and Kaesong.“The North Korean government abruptly changed our usual spring program schedule this year, which made us miss the opportunity to register 500 new patients,” said Linton.“If we continue to sit and wait for ‘a better world' to come, these people will all die -- why can't we send them to treatment centers because of politics?”The foundation claimed that it secured confirmation from North Korea to never change its visitation schedule without consent. Linton also stressed that inter-Korean trust between both nations is crucial in order to smoothly carry on the legacy of the project.“If the business is not involved in any wrongdoing in North Korea and presents South Korea in a positive light, then the visitation rights to the North should be granted more flexibly,” he said.“The South Korean government also asks us to report private information on our businesses and patients, but we have no authority over such documents -- the reports belong to the North Korean health ministry and the patients themselves.”Meanwhile, South Korea's unification ministry has been treading cautious steps not to breach any international sanctions against the North with its humanitarian aid approval.”Our position remains unchanged that the current severance in inter-Korean relations is not desirable in ensuring stability on the peninsula, so that we will continue approving civilian exchanges within the extent that does not damage the sanctions framework,” deputy ministry spokesperson Lee Yoo-jin said at a regular news briefing on Friday.“The Moon administration should keep an institutionalized file of humanitarian aid groups by granting them licenses (with visitation rights to the North) and develop a more organized system that keeps tabs on humanitarian aid supplies,” said Linton.By Jung Min-kyung (mkjung@heraldcorp.com)
A beloved 10-year-old Yorkie named Coca was stolen last week in broad daylight from the front yard of a home in south suburban Lemont.It happened just as the Calero family was preparing to depart for the airport to celebrate a loved one's graduation from West Point military academy.A neighbor's surveillance camera captured the dog-napping on Thursday from manicured residential street.The video shows a car driving up and circling the cul-de-sac to scope out the place out. The passenger-side door opens and someone runs into the driveway to grab Coca from the front yard. With dog in hand, they jump back into the car and speed off."As a family, our biggest fear is that that's going to lead to some kind of abuse," said Eli Calero Jr., son of the dog owners. "We're just worried about her. We all love her very much."For almost a decade, little Coca has been like another child in the Calero family."We brought her home and, sorry," Calero said as he choked back tears. "We brought her home and she just became such a big part of the family.""She's like our daughter," his dad Eli Calero Sr. said.Now, bewildered, they're asking who could have taken the dog right from under their noses just hours before a family vacation."We're on a family trip celebrating the fact that my brothers have graduated. It's probably one of the last family trips we are going to take and it's constantly in our minds," Calero Jr. said.Neighbor Sofea Malamis lives next door to where Coca was snatched. She said the entire neighborhood is on edge."You're afraid that something like this could happen at any time to the kids. Somebody just pulls right up and snatch your kid," Malamis said.But more than anything, the Caleros want Coca home safe."Please bring her back," Calero Jr. said. "We're not looking to get anyone in trouble. We love the dog, we care for her, she's a part of the family. Please, please, please, bring her back."Lemont police say they believe this was a random crime, and they are investigating.
Belgium vs Brazil: A classic attacking warfare
Sanidhya Bhardwaj FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Feature 124 // 04 Jul 2018, 13:29 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
If Belgium is in the 11th standard, Japan was in 9th but Brazilians are the ones with PhD.
Belgium is going to face Brazil in the quarterfinal which is set to be a mouth-watering contest for the neutrals to follow. Brazil has drawn a match in their group stage whereas Belgium is yet to be restricted in this World cup.
Who do you think will win, Brazil or Belgium? Well, it is not that easy to say for this knockout round!
Both the teams have put on some flawless performances with one or other big star-man stepping up for his team when required.
Bullied on Twitter for his theatrical falls, Neymar is getting back to his best. He scored a goal against Mexico to take Brazil in the quarterfinals and announced that he has arrived on the big stage.
Firmino will be expecting to start ahead of Gabriel Jesus who looks to be a bit out of form. The Liverpool's striker came on as a substitute in the 85th minute and took only a minute to score the second goal of the game.
Belgium is coming after a spectacular comeback win against Japan. After being 2-0 down, they won 3-2 with the last kick of the game, ending back into the nets. They will be going into the next round with their morale and confidence aloof.
Belgium's shaky defence
Questions will be asked when your team concedes two goals against Japan. The Asian team lacks the quality but scored twice inside an hour against Belgium in the round of 16.
Roberto Martinez organizes his team in a 3-4-2-1 formation with Thomas Meunier as a right-wing back and Yannick Carrasco as a left-wing back. The two slots in the midfield are filled up by Kevin De Bruyne and Axel Witsel.
In these names, only Meunier is the one who plays in his natural position or maybe close to his natural position!
Carrasco being deployed at the more defensive role had a miserable World cup and his performance against Japan was horrific. To be fair, you cannot blame Carrasco for his showings, the coach has to share the blame when he chose to play a left winger as a left wing-back.
Axel Witsel by no means is a classic defensive midfielder who can hold a team with players like Brazil has and his partner in midfield, Kevin De Bruyne, is an attacker and not a holding midfielder. Belgium will find it very hard to get back into the match if Brazil is able to impose themselves in the middle of the park.
Roberto Martinez should better switch to a 4-3-3 formation with Jan Vertonghen at the left back and Mousa Dembele in the midfield with Axel Witsel. This will give them stability and help them to have a control in the midfield.
Brazil's injuries and suspension woes
With an update on Marcelo's fitness is yet to arrive, suspension of Casemiro will add additional pressure on Tite. Even though Danilo was fit for the previous match, Tite opted to start Fagner at the right-back who was bullied by Mexico's wingers for the opening quarter.
Fernandinho will be likely to replace Casemiro at the heart of the midfield and will have the big duty to nullify his Manchester City teammate De Bruyne.
Filipe Luiz is a world-class left-back but does not have the attacking attributes possessed by Marcelo. Brazil will be worried if Marcelo is not able to get back on the pitch in the quarterfinals.
Another concern for Brazil is that they haven't faced any team till now with the talents like of Belgium. The Red Devils will test their defence more often and the players like Eden Hazard and Romelu Lukaku have already shown the havoc they can create in this World cup.
Who do you think will win? Comment below.
HALIFAX—Police in Halifax are investigating after they say a young woman was allegedly forced into a car by a man in Cole Harbour. Halifax RCMP say they are investigating a complaint that a woman was forcibly dragged into a car by a man who then drove off with her just after 10 p.m. Tuesday on Flying Cloud Dr.
Halifax RCMP are investigating a complaint where a woman was forced into a car that then drove off in Cole Harbour. ( File / StarMetro )
The car was last seen heading towards Gregory Dr. Police were not able to find the vehicle, the suspect, or the victim. The male suspect is described as a black man, 20-30 years of age, 5'8"-5'10", with a thin build who was wearing dark clothing.
Article Continued Below
The victim is described as a white woman, 18-20 years of age, with blond hair who was wearing a white tank top. The car is described as a dark-coloured four door vehicles, with brake lights that light up the whole back of the vehicle. Police suggested possibly a Dodge Charger or Dodge Dart. Anyone with information regarding this incident, or who witnessed any suspicious activity in the area Tuesday night, is asked to call Halifax RCMP at 902-490-5020 or send an anonymous tip to Crime Stoppers.
Read more about:
Ghanaian midfielder Micheal Essien has stated he had no plans of venturing into coaching after he hangs his boots.
Micheal Essien was speaking to Finder Sports when he made that revelation
READ ALSO:Michael Essien released by Indonesian club Persib Bandung
“I am still playing in Indonesia and I am thinking of retiring soon. I am now concerned about what I am going to do next.
“I don't have plans of going into coaching but I may do something relating to football”
Micheal Essien has now been named the ambassador for the Rexona “Be the Next Champion”
The program is the product of Rexona and Chelsea Football Club forming a partnership to develop grassroot football in Africa.
Essien stated that we are likely to find the new talents like himself from this initiative
I think we are going to find the next Michael Essien or even someone better than me. It is possible”.
READ ALSO:Michael Essien trains alone due to injury
Micheal Essien was released by Persib Bandung in March this year but it seems he would want to keep doing that a bit longer becfore he finally retires
Teleah Maureen Kear has been jailed for committing fraud against her former employer to the tune of more than $90,000.
Teleah Maureen Kear has been jailed for committing fraud against her former employer to the tune of more than $90,000. Contributed
FOUR children will be motherless for nine months after their serial fraudster mum was jailed for stealing more than $90,000 from her employer.
Teleah Maureen Kear, 29, spent four years following her most recent fraud waiting for police to come knocking at her door and had a history of taking money from her employers between 2007 and 2011, a court heard.
In 2009 she faced the Maroochydore Magistrates Court on a range of offences - which included fraud as an employee - and was given a 120 hour community service order.
Just five months after the order expired, she was back at it again while working for bathroom and kitchen renovation company, Mac McConnell in Nerang on the Gold Coast.
Between October 2010 and September 2011, Kear transferred more than $42,000 from company bank accounts into her own.
She also used the company's money to buy a car worth $35,000 which was later repossessed and sold off at a loss of $18,000.
Although the court heard some of the money was used for "necessities", Kear also bought cosmetics, two tablet computers and a gaming console.
The matter was reported to police by Kear's boss in 2011 and a warrant was issued the following year, but police didn't find and arrest her until 2016.
Kear today pleaded guilty in Maroochydore District Court to two counts of fraud of more than $30,000, four counts of fraud and one count of attempted fraud.
The offences were aggravated by the fact Kear committed fraud against her employer.
Kear's mother, Tracy Maureen Denham, and partner were supporting her from the gallery and appeared upset throughout the proceedings.
Ms Denham gave evidence in court that her daughter was told by a lawyer at the time to not hand herself in, but wait for police to contact her.
Judge John Robertson commended Kear's efforts at rehabilitation and told the court he would refer the lawyer she spoke to to the Legal Services Commission for "unprofessional conduct".
While Kear's former fraud charges in 2009 were the result of methamphetamine use, Judge Robertson said the more recent charges showed some "sophistication" and suggested she was "reasonably high functioning" at the time.
Kear was ordered to serve a head sentence of four years in prison.
The term will be suspended, after she serves nine months, for an operational period of four years.
Jacob Rees-Mogg has been caught in the middle of a scuffle at a university campus.
Video footage posted to social media captured the scenes at the University of the West England, in Bristol.
The Tory MP for North East Somerset appears to step in to separate rivals as onlookers call for them stop.
Mr Rees-Mogg, who has been tipped as his party's next leader, had been speaking at the University's Politics and International Relations Society.
A post advertising the event on the group's Facebook page said: “This will be a chance to talk to an experienced parliamentarian about the issues of the day, what it's like to be an MP and how you can get there, or perhaps how exactly one pronounces ‘Floccinaucinihilipilification'.”
The society declined to comment on the incident. A spokesman for the MP has been contacted for comment.
By C.D. DESALVO
Hays Post
Applications and nominations for the next president of Fort Hays State University are still being accepted by the Kansas Board of Regents and the University.
“Fort Hays State University (FHSU) seeks an entrepreneurial, politically astute, and innovative President who has knowledge of national higher education issues,” according to a press release by FHSU and the Kansas Board of Regents. “This individual must bring a strong vision for the University's future, along with a strategic, thoughtful understanding of how to advance FHSU in conjunction with the Kansas Board of Regents Foresight 2020 strategic plan and the University's goals, mission, and strategic plan.”
In April, the Kansas Board of Regents appointed 20 individuals to assist and advise the board in the selecting the next president of FHSU. The collection of individuals included representation from university students, faculty, staff and alumni, including the wider Hays community.
“I sincerely appreciate the many faculty members (both on the FHSU campus and in China), staff, students, alumni and community partners who took the time to participate in the recent open forums designed to help the Search Committee better understand what attributes and characteristics are desired in the next FHSU President, leading to the creation of this Presidential Profile,” said Jeffrey D. Peier, chair of the Presidential Search Committee.
Wheless Partners, an executive search firm, is assisting with identifying and recruiting potential candidates. Application materials should be electronically submitted to: President@WhelessPartners.com. For best consideration, applications should be received by Sept. 1. The new president is expected to assume office in early 2018.
For more information, contact Breeze Richardson at KBOR at (785) 430-4237 or brichardson@ksbor.org.
Steven Hainsworth, who is the prime suspect in three separate cold-case murders in South Australia, says he is innocent.
Steven Hainsworth, who is the prime suspect in three separate cold-case murders in South Australia, says he is innocent.
A VICTORIAN man who is the prime suspect in three separate cold-case murders in South Australia says he is innocent.
Steven Hainsworth, who now lives in Mildura, has admitted detectives have linked him to the murders of two grandmothers and a pensioner over a 13-year period through new forensic evidence, but has denied killing anyone.
"I've been told I'm a suspect in the crime, but I haven't done anything. Nothing. I'm not a serial killer. I haven't killed no one. I've had fights in my life and I've got hurt, as you can see now. I'm not responsible for no one's murder," Mr Hainsworth told the Nine Network this morning.
"I hope that whoever is responsible is caught and then I've got the monkey off my back."
Steven Hainsworth is the prime suspect in the murders of Stephen Newton, Beverley Hanley and Phyllis Harrison.
On Tuesday, South Australian police said they had uncovered fresh forensic evidence that linked the three murders for the first time.
"Now I can say we have proof and we believe theft was the motive in all three matters," Detective Superintendent Des Bray said.
The involvement of a single suspect had been considered before, but was not able to be fully proven until Task Force Resolute initiated a review into the cases earlier this year.
Phyllis Harrison, 71, was found dead with multiple stab wounds and her Elizabeth South home ransacked in 1998, while 64-year-old Beverley Hanley suffered severe head injuries and her handbag was stolen from her Elizabeth North property in 2010.
A range of items including a TV, DVDs and computer games were missing from Stephen Newtown's Mount Gambier unit after he was found dead and covered in rubbish in 2011.
"This was a cowardly attack on two grandmothers and an invalid pensioner; each attack was extremely brutal," Supt Bray said.
BOSTON -- The state's gas, electric, and water companies have been ordered to submit plans to lower their customer billing charges because of a new federal law that slashed the corporate tax rate.
The Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities on Friday directed a slew of distribution companies to submit proposals by May 1 to revise their "cost of service" calculation and pass the tax savings on to consumers, retroactive to Jan. 1.
President Donald J. Trump on Dec. 22 signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which lowered the corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 percent. In Massachusetts, taxes are a factor used by utility regulators to calculate "just and reasonable" rates.
Attorney General Maura Healey in December urged the DPU to open an investigation, and Eversource and National Grid quickly agreed to cut their distribution rates for electricity.
Healey's office on Friday celebrated the comprehensive formal order, which covers private water companies such as the Eversource-owned Aquarion; natural gas distributors such as Berkshire Gas and Columbia Gas; and electric companies across the state.
"With today's ruling, the DPU has agreed with our position that all utility companies in Massachusetts must use the corporate savings from this federal tax bill to lower rates for customers," said Healey in a statement. "This is a huge victory for ratepayers who deserve the benefit of this major tax break for utilities."
Healey noted that she was the first attorney general nationwide to call for the utility cuts, and said she led a petition to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to encode the tax cuts into natural gas pipeline costs. FERC later agreed and ordered pipeline developers to adjust their proposals to reflect the windfall.
"Every utility customer in Massachusetts will benefit from these rate decreases," said Healey's office.
Eversource last month said its federal tax cut works out to $8.3 million per year in its Western Massachusetts territory, where regulators in November authorized a $25 million rate hike. Eversource now plans an increase of only $16.5 million a year in its former Western Mass. Electric Co. region, according to a proposal it filed in January.
Johannesburg - Motorists can expect additional delays when using the double-decker bridge section on the M1.
There will be more lane restrictions from Thursday while the bridge reconstruction continues for the next three weeks.
Johannesburg Road Agency managing director Sean Phillips said: “We apologise for the inconvenience whilst this essential bridge reconstruction work is being undertaken. Work will reduce future flooding and safeguard the bridge's structure for many years to come.
“Motorists are urged to familiarise themselves with the lane reductions during off-peak and peak times, plan their routes in advance to avoid delays and to consider alternative routes.”
The bridge reconstruction includes structural repairs, rehabilitation and maintenance to bridge beams, asphalt surfacing, expansion joints, drainage systems and the installation of new road signs.
Alternative transport
To ensure the project reaches completion in the shortest amount of time with minimal impact to motorists, most of the repairs are presently being carried out at night to avoid traffic disruption.
The city's Rea Vaya bus rapid transit system, Metrobus, Metrorail, Gautrain and taxis may be considered as alternative transportation for commuters.
Traffic applications that can be downloaded from Google Maps and the media will provide alerts on possible traffic jams and delays, said Phillips.
The lane restrictions include:
Northbound - current lane closures on the M1 double-decker section: two lanes out of the four lanes northbound within the double-decker section are closed; this is reduced to the closure of one lane during peak hour traffic
Southbound - starting on Thursday for a three-week period, one lane out of the four lanes southbound within the double-decker section will be closed.
Follow JRA for the latest developments, journey planning tips, alternative routes, and traffic advisories via:
Website: www.jra.rrg.za
Twitter: @MyJra
Facebook: Johannesburg Roads Agency
E-mail: [email protected]
JRA Find&Fix moblie app
The Star
Like us on Facebook
CLOSE Actors Mark Hamill, John Boyega and director Rian Johnson talk about putting 'The Force Awakens' characters "through a meat grinder" in the latest 'Star Wars' adventure, 'The Last Jedi.' (Dec. 7) AP
Kylo Ren (Adam Driver) in a moment of reflection during 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi.' (Photo: Lucasfilm Ltd.)
The wait for "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" is almost over.
Are you prepared?
The latest addition to the beloved science fiction franchise will begin showing in Knoxville theaters on Thursday night.
Here's a guide to help get ready for "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" with movie times, promotions and events in Knoxville and surrounding areas.
Regal, AMC 'Star Wars' fan events
Several Knoxville and East Tennessee theaters will present showings of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" beginning Thursday night, according to Fandango.
Most theaters will have standard and RealD 3D screenings of the film. Regal Pinnacle Stadium 18 will feature IMAX and RPX showings, too. Tickets are available in advance on Fandango and at the theaters' box offices on the day of.
Knoxville's Regal Riveria and Pinnacle theaters will feature special "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" fan events on Thursday.
The Pinnacle will hold a "Star Wars" IMAX double feature beginning at 3 p.m. Thursday. It will show "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" at 3 p.m. and "The Last Jedi" at 6 p.m., according to Regal's website. The double feature will also include exclusive content, "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" trading cards and a free drink and popcorn combo with a collectible cup, the website said.
"Star Wars: The Last Jedi" begins where "The Force Awakens" left off, with Rey (Daisy Ridley) having tracked down Luke Skywalker. (Photo: Walt Disney Pictures)
Tickets for the double feature cost $42.29 for adults and $39.67 for seniors and children, according to Fandango.
Regal's Riviera and Pinnacle theaters and AMC's Foothills theater in Maryville will host opening night fan events for "Star Wars: The Last Jedi."
Regal's events will feature a 6 p.m. Thursday screening, exclusive content, "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" trading cards and a free drink and popcorn combo with a collectible cup, according to Regal's website.
AMC's event will feature a 6 p.m. Thursday screening, exclusive content and a regular size popcorn, according to AMC's website.
Tickets for the Riveria opening night fan event screening, which features RealD 3D, are $32.32 for adults and $29.36 for seniors and children, according to Fandango.
Tickets for the Pinnacle opening night fan event, which features RPX, are $35.12 for adults and $32.51 for seniors and children, according to Fandango.
Tickets for the AMC Foothills opening night fan event, which features Big D, are $32.93 for adults, seniors and children, according to Fandango.
'Star Wars' screenings go all night Thursday
Typically the latest movie showing start times are around 10 or 11 p.m., but that won't be the case for "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" screenings on opening night.
The Pinnacle will feature "Star Wars" show times that go well into Friday morning including 12:30 a.m., 2 a.m., 3 a.m., 4 a.m. and 5:30 a.m. screenings, according to Fandango.
After Thursday night and Friday morning, the show times will return to normal with just a few taking places after midnight in the days to come, according to Fandango.
Other area 'Star Wars' happenings
Knoxville and surrounding areas will host additional "Star Wars" events that go beyond movie theaters.
The Casual Pint Bearden, 234 Brookview Center Way, will host "Star Wars" Team Trivia Night from 7-10 p.m. Tuesday, according to its Facebook event page. Only 20 teams can participate, and teams must include a minimum of three people. The event's grand prize is free tickets to see "Star Wars: The Last Jedi." Info: 865-247-7061.
The Blount County Public Library, 508 N. Cusick St., Maryville, will feature a screening of "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" at 6 p.m. Thursday. Info: 865-982-0981 or visit www.blountlibrary.org.
Token Game Tavern, 213 N. Seven Oaks Drive, will be serving "Star Wars" themed cocktails through Dec. 17 in honor of the premiere, according to post on their Instagram. The venue will also show "The Force Awakens" at 8 p.m. Monday night.
This image released by Lucasfilm shows Mark Hamill as Luke Skywalker in "Star Wars: The Last Jedi." (Photo: Courtesy of John Wilson/Lucasfilm)
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2jxzMsp
Almost every top star in Bollywood seems to have one. Ranbir has it, Ranveer has it too. And then there's Shahid Kapoor, John Abraham and Farhan Akhtar who cannot get enough of it. Heck, even the younger lot cannot seem to get enough of it. Siddharth Malhotra, Alia Bhatt, Varun Dhawan and Shraddha Kapoor have been snapped with one. It's seems to be a common thread: if you're successful, you ought to have a black SUV. So much so, we imagine a party at Karan Johar's would resemble a Secret Service cavalcade.
Bollywood's Black SUVs:
1 /6 Alia Bhatt – Audi Q7 The Q7 is without a doubt Bollywood's favourite car. Alia Bhatt isn't the only one who owns it. Katrina Kaif, Asin and Deepika Padukone all own one. It also seems to be a particular favourite from Alia's own collection, given how often she travels in one. Ranveer Singh doesn't take too long in fulfilling his dreams. The man told us during GQ Men of the Year 2016 that it's been a dream of his to own a “big, black, monster SUV,” and early this year he showed up to vote in this monster. Ranveer already owns a powerful Toyota Prado and has now added this matte-black Mercedes-Benz GLS to his garage. Ranbir Kapoor It's no news that Ranbir Kapoor loves his cars. But we're willing to bet, again going by how often he flaunts it, that this black Range Rover is among his favourite rides. John Abraham Bollywood's self-confessed petrol-head is obsessive about collecting wheels. And while he's got some certified monsters in his garage that belong in a race-track, he banks on his trusty black Audi Q7 for when he has to take to city-roads. Virat Kohli The black SUV fever isn't just restricted to Bollywood, it's got its hold on cricketers too. While his predecessor MS Dhoni boasts of a monstrous black Hummer, Indian captain Virat Kohli's got himself a bankable black Q7 for his everyday rides. Sidharth Malhotra's Mercedes GLS Sidharth Malhotra's rise to fame has come with its perks. And among them is this all-black, classy Mercedes GLS that the young star likes to show off ever so often.
Up Next: The Designers' take on Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
Josh Scowen's superb strike against his former club gave QPR a 1-0 victory at home to Barnsley.
Scowen netted a couple of minutes into the second half at Loftus Road, where Rangers played the final 19 minutes with 10 men after Ryan Manning was sent off for a challenge on Matt Mills shortly after coming on as a substitute.
Scowen's goal was his first since joining Rangers from Barnsley last summer.
The midfielder collected the ball 25 yards out and bent a glorious shot beyond goalkeeper Nick Townsend and into the far corner of the net.
Relegation-threatened Barnsley, whose head coach Paul Heckingbottom signed a new contract this week, have won just one of their last 15 league games.
And they have now lost on 11 consecutive visits to QPR, where the Tykes have not won since 1950.
But they were the better side for much of the first half and would have gone ahead just before the interval had keeper Alex Smithies not produced a brilliant save to claw away Adam Hammill's right-footed effort.
Smithies had earlier gathered a low shot from George Moncur before Mills, on his Barnsley debut, hooked the ball over from close range after the home side struggled to deal with Hammill's free-kick.
Smithies are called into action again when Kieffer Moore sent a weak shot straight at him after being set up by Moncur.
Rangers' best moments of the first half came when Joel Lynch's left-wing cross just evaded Pawel Wszolek at the far post and when Luke Freeman's corner was headed over by James Perch, who played for the first time since suffering a broken kneecap in August.
Scowen's decisive strike soon after the restart settled the hosts, and took the wind out of their visitors' sails.
Having looked lively before going behind, Barnsley ran out of ideas and struggled to create chances even after Manning's red card.
Tom Bradshaw had a decent opportunity but fired straight at Smithies and Lynch prevented a late equaliser by blocking Moncur's goal-bound shot.
At the other end, Conor Washington twice failed to find a way past Townsend, first after Perch had headed down Freeman's free-kick and then when the striker was through on goal following Jack Robinson's throw-in.
Townsend produced a similar stop in stoppage time when he saved at the feet of QPR substitute Bright Osayi-Samuel.
Tykes boss Paul Heckingbottom said: “We needed to score when we were on top in the first half, we had some really good opportunities and should have capitalised on that.
“You've got take them. That's been our season, not scoring whilst you're on top is a big thing. B
“ecause of how competitive this league is you know that the opposition will have a moment in the game as well, and today they have taken theirs.”
© Tómas Guðbjartsson
112 quakes
The powers which created Iceland and continue to shape its geography were on full display over the weekend as a powerful earthquake swarm shook Þingvellir National Park, one of Iceland's most spectacular natural monuments. The earthquake swarm was felt in the National Park and as far as the suburbs of Reykjavík and parts of South Iceland. The seismic monitoring system of the Icelandic Meteorological Office detected 66 quakes in the mountain on Saturday and more than 50 on Sunday. A total of 116 quakes have been detected since Saturday morning when the swarm began.A 3.5 magnitude quake was detected at 19:20 on Saturday evening, followed by a second 3.1 magnitude quake at 19:58 and a 3.7 magnitude quake at 21:25. A fourth larger quake, 3.8 on the Richter scale, was then detected at 8:48 on Sunday morning.The epicenter of the activity has been in the east-northeaster slopes of mount Skjaldbreiður at a depth of of 5-6 km (3.1-3.7 miles.) The activity appears to be subsiding, the IMO reports.
It's easy to go through years at a job without discovering a higher purpose in your work. We're taught to find a job that pays the bills and keeps us busy but don't always ask ourselves if we truly care about it. Then, after a while, we find that we're feeling completely bored and directionless at work. We might even begin to wonder what the whole purpose of our lives is.
"The first step to finding a larger purpose in your work is getting rid of the term 'work,'" spiritual and life coach Christina Giaquinto tells Bustle. "Begin to change your perspective by understanding the difference between a job and your purpose. Often, people feel unfulfilled because they go to a job that provides one thing for them — a paycheck — but does not fulfill their heart in any other way."
"A purpose is your calling," she says. "A purpose cannot be taken away from you. It is the entire reason you are here and the gift you will leave behind in this world. Discovering your purpose is what will motivate you every day. It will keep your faith alive through hard times. You need something that feels bigger than you."
But how do you find it? Here are some questions to ask to find a larger purpose in your work, whether that means finding more meaning at your current job or starting a new one that's more meaningful to you.
1 Why Are You Doing It? nd3000/Fotolia If you want to know your job's purpose, ask yourself what makes you do it in the first place, says Giaquinto. Maybe it's just to pay the bills. But maybe there's a reason you chose to pay the bills that way — or maybe you need to find a more fulfilling way. "Do you believe in the mission of the company you work for? Do you support the vision of your CEO? Do you feel like your work is contributing to the greater good of the world?" says Giaquinto. "You need to ask yourself these questions, because your happiness is dependent on knowing you will wake up tomorrow and actively work toward fulfilling your purpose."
2 What Are You Most Proud Of? Anton/Fotolia The work that we're most proud of, whether it's something we did ourselves or something our company did as a team, is likely what has most meaning to us. "If you work for someone else, you should have respect and admiration for what you do, sell, or work on," says Giaquinto. "You should feel like you did something you are proud of. If you own your own business, you should find fulfillment knowing you had a vision — a dream — and you are working every day to bring it to life!"
3 What Are Others Grateful For? F8studio/Fotolia Reminding yourself of how you've already improved people's lives will make you feel important and inspire you to make even more of a difference. "Keep a folder of your 'thank you' notes, emails, and any other communication that has impacted the way you positively see yourself and your role within your organization," Alissa Carpenter, M. Ed, Millennial Career Coach, Professional Trainer, and owner of the blog Not OK, That's OK, tells Bustle. "Read through them to see if there are any common themes in how you work with people, go out of your way to find information, or are more efficient than others when completing a project. Use this information to guide you in uncovering your strengths, talents, and purpose. Seeing through the eyes of others can reveal more than we can see ourselves."
4 What Brings You Joy? Masson/Fotolia We tend to take joy in the things we find meaning in. "Think about a time when you lost track of what you were doing and felt in the zone," Carpenter advises. "Were you writing a proposal? Giving a presentation to a new client? Researching a new process? Brainstorming new ideas? When we lose track of time and are excited about what we're doing, we are using our strengths and talents and working toward a purpose we're passionate about."
5 What Is My Role In My Company? alotofpeople/Fotolia Your supervisor may have a better idea than you do of how your work fits into the company and its larger mission, so ask them if you're stumped. "If you answer client questions or start a sales process, follow up to find out how it went," says Carpenter. "Seeing how your work has increased sales, landed a new client, or enhanced a process will help you find a deeper purpose in your role."
6 What Gap Am I Filling? fifeflyingfife/Fotolia If you believe in your work, you likely believe you're solving a problem. You're filling a gap in the market. "Why does your company exist? What gap is it filling for its clients or consumers in the real world?" Consultant and Coach Lisa Sansom tells Bustle. "There may appear to be some industries where this can be easier to answer than others: education, for example, exists to educate students and prepare them for the working world and to be positive contributing members of society," she says. "Health care exists to take care of the sick and ailing. Yet nearly every company or industry can point to some social good that it fills, and if you cannot find this or do not believe in it, then you may want to find yourself a position in another company or industry that aligns with your values, and does provide you with meaning and purpose."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Christmas is a particularly magical time for little ones hoping for a visit from Santa - but why make them wait for Christmas Eve when you could go directly to see Father Christmas himself?
In fact, British families have been heading to Santa's Grotto in Lapland for decades, to hand-deliver their Christmas wishlists, and enjoy an extra dose of festive cheer before the big day.
It's an enchanting trip for the whole family, as one parent found out when he took his three young boys, right from your arrival through to the moment you get to meet Santa in his grotto.
But it's not all about Father Christmas and his elves. In fact, there are plenty of incredible things to see and do in Lapland - no wonder it's still a firm favourite with Brits.
So where exactly is Lapland - and how can you make the most of your time there?
We've put together the ultimate guide to Santa's home (not to mention it's much easier to visit than his North Pole residence!).
What's included in the guide?
Where is Lapland?
How to meet Santa during your visit
Where to find Lapland holiday deals
Airlines that fly to Lapland from the UK
Where to find cheap hotels in Lapland
Extra travel tips - including the weather and essentials to pack
Where is Lapland UK
Where is Lapland?
Lapland is in the north of Finland, on the Arctic Circle - so unsurprisingly, it boasts plenty of snow-covered landscapes.
For example there's capital Rovaniemi with its lively bars and restaurants, not to mention Santa's village just 8km away, or the more remote village of Levi which is a hit with skiiers and snowboarders.
(Image: Getty)
How to meet Santa during your visit
No trip to Lapland is complete without a visit to see Santa; it's part of the whole experience. Luckily in Lapland it's not tricky to find Father Christmas - they have a dedicated Santa Claus village.
Head to Christmas House to meet him, then go exploring the activities and exhibitions around including underground caverns, the Santa Post Office and plenty more fun including Arctic Circle crossings and traditional ceremonies.
If you're booking a holiday package, it's worth checking whether this includes a Meet Santa experience as this could be an easy way of saving money compared to booking your flights, hotel stays and all of the activities separately.
(Image: Getty)
Where to find Lapland holiday deals
Airlines that fly to Lapland from the UK
If you'd prefer to book your flights and hotels separately rather than a package, there are plenty of airlines that offer flights from the UK. We take a look at the top ones below...
Where to find cheap hotels in Lapland
If you're on a budget, then it's worth checking out TripAdvisor who compare over 200 sites to bring you some of the best cheap hotels in Lapland including rooms from £49 per night. Meanwhile Booking.com has rounded up the 30 best hotels in Lapland to suit any budget.
Extra travel tips - including what to pack
When you pack for Lapland, just think - layers, layer, layers. And make some of those layers thermals. In December, temperatures range from 0 to -20 degrees, but it has fallen as low as -40 in some circumstances!
Daylight is usually between 10am-3pm.
For more information you can also head to visitfinland.com/lapland.
A Yorkshire author has chosen atmospheric Ilkley Moor as the setting for her harrowing new novel.
Sanjida Kay has returned to her hometown to speak about The Stolen Child at the Ilkley Literature Festival this month.
The writer, who grew up in the village of Ben Rhydding, was always inspired by the brooding presence of the moor and was determined to incorporate it into a plot.
The thriller tells the story of a happy family who face the devastation of losing a child when their daughter, Evie, is abducted.
Kay's techniques involve contrasting 'ordinary' life in the Dales town with the mysteries and dark secrets of the wild moorland.
The author, who now lives in Bristol, will speak at St Margaret's Church in Ilkley this Sunday at 4.30pm.
In a possible sign he was contemplating massacres at other sites, he also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing his movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Reservations: Yes
Wheelchair access: No
Price: Dinner with beer, tax and tip: $75
Lake Inez represents big changes in Little India.
Pubs, art galleries, pizzerias and burger joints catering to new area residents are replacing the curry houses and sari stores on Gerrard St. E.
Among them is Lake Inez, open since Dec. 16, with its inconsistent pan-Asian food and excellent craft beer. Caucasian diners fill what used to be an Indian restaurant. It is run by locals for locals.
“We're not forecasting coming trends. Two of the three of us owners live in Little India,” explains general manager Zac Schwartz, who with Dennis Kimeda (the Wren) and Patrick Ciappara named the restaurant after a childhood Michigan vacation spot.
The vibe
The room sports both Old World herringbone parquet floors and Asian touches like carved wall panels and ceramic dishware.
From Schwartz's back wall glass mosaic of magpie, Virginia Woolf and Kate Bush — “my own personal high priestesses” — emerge 24 tap heads for local beers; staff agreeably recommend pints by such breweries as Muddy York and Left Field. The same crew change cutlery (no chopsticks) and refill water glasses with alacrity.
But my goodness, the noise. As the decibels creep towards 100 on a week night, or blender level, our throats hurt from making ourselves heard.
“That's not what we're angling for,” Schwartz says.
The highs
Running the kitchen is Robbie Hojilla (ex-the Harbord Room), who draws from across Asia for his sharing plates.
Hojilla, 34, represents his Filipino background well with kinilaw ($15), a creamy ceviche made from pristine snapper, coconut and avocado. Another success is arroz caldo ($24), a darker, stiffer sticky rice congee laced with fish sauce and topped with subtle barbecued duck and a poached egg.
He fries the flakiest Malaysian roti ($4, but no curry sauce) and builds the heat deliciously in a Thai curry ($25) of spaghetti squash and snapper. Yet these high points are sporadic.
The lows
Messy visuals are one problem. Fried shallots obscure most plates. Or food is unappetizingly brown, as in charred Brussels sprouts ($13).
Flavours go missing, like that of the pickled banana blossoms in an order of greasy lumpia ($8). At least the banana ketchup lights the fires.
And prices seem high. Charging $22 for meatless pasta is hard to justify — even if the egg noodles are made on site. Instead, thick mushroom sauce overpowers the wavy noodles, another dark and ugly dish. And why pay $28 for short ribs when a Korean barbecue restaurant does it better?
The finale
Desserts ($9) leave a better final impression. Kalamansi lime curd adds verve to chiffon cake and cleanses the palate. And Hojilla showcases the good side of pungent durian. His coconut sorbet — three scoops with chocolate sauce, chopped peanuts, caramelized bananas and tamed durian cubes — is like a tropical Schrafft's sundae.
It's a big difference from the dosa restaurant that previously occupied the space.
“This isn't as much of a cultural nucleus for the South Asian community as it once was,” says Schwartz of the neighbourhood.
So what if Lake Inez is more Indian Pale Ale than Little India? Change is inevitable.
The size of a cereal box: ESA's first satellite of 2018
GomX-4 pair
ESA's first mission of the year was launched today: GomX-4B is the Agency's most advanced technology-tester yet, featuring a hyperspectral camera and tiny thrusters to manoeuvre thousands of kilometres from its near-twin to try out their radio link.
These CubeSats are built around standard 10x10 cm units by GomSpace in Denmark. As ‘six-unit' CubeSats they are as big as cereal boxes – but double the size of their predecessor GomX-3, released from the International Space Station in 2015.
“ESA is harnessing CubeSats as a fast, cheap method of testing promising European technologies in orbit,” comments Roger Walker, heading ESA's technology CubeSat efforts.
“Unlike GomX-3, GomX-4B will change its orbit using cold-gas thrusters, opening up the prospect of rapidly deploying future constellations and maintaining their separations, and flying nanosatellites in formations to perform new types of measurements from space.”
Dozens of Sub-Saharan African migrants at a Libya detention centre got to their knees and crossed their wrists above their heads to protest their imprisonment.
They staged their protest at the Al-Hamra shelter in Gharyan, 100 kilometres (60 miles) south of Tripoli, during a visit Friday by Mabruk Mohammad al-Targui, the tourism minister of Libya's fragile unity government.
“This gesture is a call for freedom,” said Saddam, from Sudan's Darfur region, who fears being forced to return to a homeland ravaged by war.
“We have been in this detention centre four months,” he said. “For more than a month no organisation has come to see us.”
Most of the detainees are from of Chad, Somalia, Eritrea or Darfur. Many worked and saved for years before attempting the trip to Europe, leaving behind violence and insecurity at home.
But Libya itself is far from safe. Rocked by lawlessness since the NATO-backed 2011 uprising that toppled and killed longtime dictator Moamer Kadhafi, it has become a key transit country for illicit migration.
Migrants take major risks passing through the North African country.
In October, following weeks of deadly clashes around the western city of Sabratha, a major departure point for migrants attempting perilous sea voyages to Europe, more than 3,000 were arrested.
Between 800 and 1,000 were transferred to the Al-Hamra centre, where they are crammed into 12 buildings intended for around 200 people.
On Friday the centre organised a party with African music and dance to “help them forget their suffering”, according to shelter director Colonel Al-Bahloul Shananah.
He said the event also aimed to highlight “the need to intervene quickly and find solutions for these people”.
But he voiced scepticism over the migrants' protest.
“They make this sign to indicate that they are detained,” Shananah said. “But their presence… in the shelters is for a reason: they entered Libyan territory illegally.”
“These young Africans, if we open the doors to them, they will go back to sea,” he added. “We will see new tragedies and thousands of deaths.”
-AFP
By The Associated Press
BERLIN (AP) — Swedish comedy “The Square” has swept this year's European Film Awards, winning six prizes, including for best film, director and screenwriter.
Ruben Ostlund's film already took the Cannes Film Festival's coveted Palme d'Or earlier this year, raising hopes it might be a contender at the upcoming Oscars.
Claes Bang, who plays a museum director whose life goes awry in the film, received the best actor award at the ceremony in Berlin late Saturday. Josefin Asberg was honored for the production design.
This year's best actress award went to Alexandra Borbely of Slovakia for her role in “On Body and Soul.”
The European Film Awards are decided by a vote of more than 3,000 members of the European Film Academy.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
“No matter how many exciting and interesting Android smartphones I test, my SIM keeps finding its way back into the Apple iPhone 7 Plus on a regular basis,” Matthew Miller writes for ZDNet.
Why?
1. Operating system updates
2. Dual cameras
3. Responsive performance
4. 3D Touch
5. Free of bloatware
6. Local support
7. Front fingerprint scanner
8. iMessage
Read more in the full article here.
Jeffrey Dvorkin, director of journalism at the University of Toronto's Scarborough campus, said if anything, the Toronto van attack was further proof alt-right activists will use any opportunity to fuel speculation about terrorism designed to further their cause.
"There may have been a moment of restraint by virtue of the fact this was such a horrific and unusual act of violence — but my guess is that it will resume in the usual manner in a few days," he said.
"The conspiracy theorists will start to reassert themselves shortly, once the initial horror has either passed or sunk in more deeply."
Dvorkin also questioned the media outlets who chose to broadcast smartphone videos showing Toronto police arresting the van's driver. He also felt it unnecessary for outlets to run graphic images of the crime scene.
"Even a few years ago, many media organizations would not have allowed that," he said.
"But now it's the idea that if the whole town's talking about it, it must be news."
Ryan Scrivens, an extremism researcher at Concordia University, suggested that news coverage also drove the conversations on social media. He took issue with how breaking news channels interviewed eyewitnesses who speculated about terrorism and the description of the suspect.
He said even in his position as an experienced professional studying terror cells, he is usually careful not to draw conclusions — but he had to check his cautiousness against a gut reaction, which was to immediately think of terrorism.
"I didn't want to jump the gun, but it did fit the bill," he said.
Scrivens suggested that others ignore the tendency to draw conclusions before the facts come out.
"We have to wait for the information," he said.
"It's hard, because on social media we're just being bombarded with constant updates. I think we just need to cool off."
Follow @dfriend on Twitter.
By David Friend, The Canadian Press
Forecasters have warned of wintry conditions as they issued a yellow weather warning for parts of the country.
Icy conditions and wintry showers are expected to affect driving conditions around the Yorkshire and Humber region.The ice warning comes into force at 1am on Saturday and continues until 11am.
It also affects the Highlands, Grampian, Strathclyde, South West Scotland, Lothian and Borders, Central Tayside and Fife, North East England, North West England and the West Midlands.
The spell of cold weather will see a band of rain and snow move into parts of UK overnight and into Saturday.
Forecasters say on high ground in Scotland and across the higher Pennine routes there may also be up to 3cm of snow in places.
But the main hazards are more likely to come from ice when the rain falls on frozen ground.
Charles Powell, forecaster at the Met Office, said: "The yellow weather warning begins at 1am and goes into Saturday morning.
"It'll be quite a bit colder and to complicate things we have a weather system coming in from the west and there is likely to be a small amount of snow on the Pennine routes. But there's some risk of ice with it.
"On Saturday after a cold start, most places will be cold and damp."
For the rest of the UK it is expected to be cloudy and damp, although the east of England will have a dry and cold start to the day.
Mr Powell added: "Saturday and Sunday will be like chalk and cheese, but it's a real wintry start for the weekend and into next week."
Last week I wrote about how St. Jacobs is losing The Art District Gallery co-op back to Kitchener. The grand opening was last night.
Meanwhile, another culture-related endeavour has set up operations — Wall's Piano Gallery, a newly authorized Yamaha dealership serving "Kitchener, Waterloo, Cambridge, Guelph and surrounding areas." The grand opening of the location at 2-4 Hachborn St. W., St. Jacobs, is today, from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
This is a story with all sorts of connections to our region's cultural scene.
Let's start with the founders: Paul Wall, and his wife Jackie, who has been my main contact.
Paul grew up surrounded by music: His father was a music director and choral conductor for Mennonite churches and colleges in Paraguay and Brazil before he moved to Canada. That was in 1966, when Paul was 10 years old. He met Jackie soon afterwards, studying violin with the same music teacher.
Paul also took up the trumpet playing with stage and concert bands in high school as well as violin at Eastwood Collegiate and the KW Youth Orchestra.
Jackie also played in the youth orchestra, as well as the Concordia Club Orchestra and the University of Waterloo Orchestra while still in high school. She and her five sisters were taught piano by their mother, a local piano teacher.
They both went on to study music: Paul at Bethel College in South Bend Indiana; Jackie at the Vienna Conservatory of Music. As Jackie tells the story, "being very much in love, the couple decided to return home after their first year in music school and got married."
A turning point for Paul Wall came at the age of 21, when he was offered a job at a local piano dealership doing piano service work. He took advantage of every opportunity to learn the craft, and became involved with the Ontario Piano Technician Guild. This led to a position as head technician at the Yamaha Canada store in Winnipeg.
But Waterloo was home, and after four years in Manitoba they moved back. After a few years back at his old job, Paul started his own business: Wall's Piano Tuning. He did the service work; she took care of the administration. Wall's Piano Tuning customers include the University of Waterloo, the KW Chamber Music Society, KW Symphony Orchestra, Centre in the Square, Grand River Jazz Society, the Perimeter Institute, and, in Guelph, the River Run Centre, Guelph Jazz Festival and the Youth Music Centre.
IN THE much anticipated first offering for 2017 of the Coffs Harbour Musical Comedy Company, we are being treated to Wicked.
Directed by Peter Hodges and Dee Tune, with musical direction by Tim Egan, Wicked takes place before the classic Wizard of Oz story ever began, and tells the incredible tale of an unlikely but profound friendship between two girls who first meet as students at Shiz University in the land of Oz.
Those two students are the blonde and popular Glinda and a misunderstood girl with emerald -green
skin named Elphaba.
Following an encounter with The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, their friendship reaches a crossroads and their lives take very different paths.
Over the course of Wicked, we discover how these two young women became rivals and then the closest of friends, and how they ended up as the Wicked Witch of the West and Glinda the Good.
Wicked (The untold story of the Witches of Oz) is being staged by Coffs Harbour Musical Comedy Company at the Jetty Memorial Theatre from May 5 to 28.
Tickets on sale now
Buy your tickets from the box office 6652 8088 or online at www.jettytheatre.com
Performances Wednesday, Friday and Saturdays at 8pm and matinees Saturday and Sunday at 2pm.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
This image shows New York Yankees' Chance Adams Tuesday Feb. 21, 2017, in Tampa, Fla. This photo represents the team's roster as of Feb. 21, 2017. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)32 This image shows New York Yankees' Justus Sheffield Tuesday Feb. 21, 2017, in Tampa, Fla. This photo represents the team's roster as of Feb. 21, 2017. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)32
Yankees spring training will be loaded with prospects.
New York announced 20 non-roster invitees Friday, including the club's top pitching prospects, Justus Sheffield and Chance Adams, and highly touted outfielder Estevan Florial.
With 40-man roster infielders Gleyber Torres, Miguel Andujar and Thairo Estrada, and pitchers Albert Abreu and Domingo Acevedo already invited, eight of Baseball America's top 10 Yankees prospects will be among the 60 players in Tampa, Florida, when camp opens Feb. 13.
The list also includes veteran infielders Danny Espinosa and Jace Peterson, catcher Erik Kratz and pitchers David Hale and Wade LeBlanc and a trio of RailRiders pitchers: Brady Lail, J.P. Feyereisen and Cale Coshow.
Sheffield and Adams rank among the game's best pitching prospects.
Sheffield, 21, spent last year at Double-A Trenton and might have been on track for a promotion to the RailRiders if not for an oblique injury that robbed him of most of July and August. The southpaw made 17 starts for the Thunder and had a 3.18 ERA. He struck out 82, walked 33 and allowed 14 home runs in 93⅓ innings.
Adams, 23, made 21 starts for the RailRiders last season and pitched to a 2.89 ERA. He struck out 103 and walked 43 in 115⅓innings, but did allow nine home runs.
Florial, the Yankees' No. 2 prospect according to Baseball America, hit .298 across 110 games between Low-A Charleston and High-A Tampa. The 20-year-old slugged 13 home runs, 23 doubles and seven triples, but struck out 148 times.
Espinosa played seven seasons with the Nationals before spending time with the Angels, Mariners and Rays last year. He's regarded as a solid defender, but his batting averaged dipped to .173 in 93 games last year.
Peterson came up in the Padres organization — alongside Abington Heights graduate Cory Spangenberg — and spent the last three seasons with the Braves. The 27-year-old has played at least one game at every position expect catcher and pitcher and is a career .234 hitter.
Kratz, 37, has been in professional baseball since 2002. He spent all of last season at Triple-A Columbus in the Indians organzation, where he batted .270 with 30 extra-base hits, including 13 home runs.
Hale and LeBlanc have plenty of big league expericence. Hale spent last season in the Dodgers organization, while LeBlanc went 5-2 with a 4.50 ERA in 50 games with the Pirates. This will be LeBlanc's second stint with the Yankees: he pitched one inning and allowed two runs in a 2014 game.
Other prospects to receive a non-roster invite include:
■ Pitchers Dillon Tate — the No. 4 overall pick in 2015 draft who came to the Yankees in the trade that sent Carlos Beltran to Texas — Cody Carroll, Raynel Espinal and Taylor Widener.
■ Infielders Kyle Holder and Nick Solak. Holder, a glove-first player, was a first-round pick by the Yankees in 2015 and Solak, a bat-first second baseman, was New York's second-round pick in 2016.
Same signal
The RailRiders agreed to a three-year extension with Bold Gold Media Group, who carries the team's radio broadcasts on 1400 AM, The Game.
All 140 SWB games will be aired, as will any playoff games, the Triple-A All-Star Game and the Triple-A National Championship. The RailRiders also will have a new broadcast team, Adam Marco and Adam Giardino.
Contact the writer:
cfoley@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9125;
@RailRidersTT on Twitter
Yankees spring training roster
Right-handed pitchers: Albert Abreu, Domingo Acevedo, Chance Adams*, Dellin Betances, Cody Carroll*, Luis Cessa, Cale Coshow, Raynel Espinal, J.P. Feyereisen*, Giovanny Gallegos, Domingo German, Sonny Gray, Chad Green, David Hale*, Ben Heller, Jonathan Holder, Tommy Kahnle, Brady Lail*, Jonathan Loaisiga, David Robertson, Luis Severino, Masahiro Tanaka, Dillon Tate*, Adam Warren, Taylor Widener*
Left-handed pitchers: Aroldis Chapman, Wade LeBlanc*, Jordan Montgomery, CC Sabathia, Justus Sheffield*, Chasen Shreve
Catchers: Francisco Diaz*, Kyle Higashioka, Erik Kratz*, Chace Numata*, Austin Romine, Jorge Saez*, Gary Sanchez
Infielders: Miguel Andujar, Tyler Austin, Greg Bird, Danny Espinosa*, Thairo Estrada, Didi Gregorius, Kyle Holder*, Jace Peterson*, Nick Solak*, Gleyber Torres, Ronald Torreyes, Tyler Wade
Outfielders: Jabari Blash, Jake Cave, Jacoby Ellsbury, Estevan Florial*, Clint Frazier, Brett Gardner, Aaron Hicks, Aaron Judge, Billy McKinney, Giancarlo Stanton
* NON-ROSTER INVITEE
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lionel Messi has opened up on his retirement plans and admits he "doesn't know what I'm going to do or where to live" when he finally hangs his boots up.
Barcelona superstar Messi turns 31 in June and coming up to the end of his 14th season in first-team football - but has no immediate plans to quit just yet.
Step one of Messi's swan song may come at this summer's World Cup after he suggested he would retire from international football if Argentina don't win the competition.
But that hasn't stopped him thinking about what lays in front of him once his glittering career comes to a close.
(Image: Leo Messi/Youtube)
(Image: Leo Messi/Youtube)
(Image: Leo Messi/Youtube)
"Everyone says it is very difficult and I have no doubt about that," Messi said while appearing on America TV's La Cornisa.
"It is very difficult not to have the routine of training, playing. I do not know what I'm going to do or where to live.
"I would like to do everything that I could not, but I do not know if it's going to be in Barcelona, ​​Rosario. I do not know what I'm going to do."
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
Messi moved to Catalonia aged 13 and has played his whole career at Barça - winning eight, soon to be nine, La Liga titles, four Champions Leagues, five Copa del Rey crowns and a plethora of individual gongs and awards.
Despite his deep love of the Spanish region, he still plays for his homeland Argentina - but is unsure about moving back to the country when his career ends due to its "insecurity".
"I suffer and I feel sorry that today Argentina is as it is. The reality of the country, the insecurity.
(Image: AFP)
"I look at the future, I think about being able to return to Rosario and enjoying my city because I could not do so as a kid, I had to come here, something I do not regret, but I'm worried.
"Robberies are all over the world, but it's crazy that something more could happen to you.
"I know it's impossible [these days], but I remember that I went out all day to the street and nothing would happen."
Rome, December 11 - Rome's waste collection received a very low mark, 3.7 out of 10, from Romans in 2017, Italy's Authority for Services said Monday. It said the waste service was "close to a passing grade between 2009 and 2012 but then showed a continuous loss in satisfaction". Public transport was also given a fail mark by citizens: bus and tram services got 4.3, the subway 5.9 and taxis also 5.9 out of 10. Romans' score for cultural services fell from 7.6 in 2016 to 7.2 this year. Water services got a passing grade and children's nurseries were rated to be "good quality" and "cheaper than the national average".
LEONARDTOWN, MD.—A Black Hawk helicopter crashed onto a golf course in Maryland during a routine training flight Monday, killing one crew member and injuring the two others on board, the U.S. Army said.
The cause of the crash is under investigation, the Army Military District of Washington said in a statement Monday evening. One witness described pieces falling from the aircraft and another said it was spinning before it went down.
“We are deeply saddened by this loss within our community,” said Maj. Gen. Bradley A. Becker, commanding general of the Joint Force Headquarters National Capital Region and the U.S. Army Military District of Washington. “Our condolences go out to the families and friends affected by this tragedy, and our team is focused on supporting them during this difficult time.”
Three crew members were aboard the UH-60 Blackhawk for what the Army said was a training exercise when it crashed in Leonardtown, about 60 miles (97 kilometres) southeast of Washington, D.C., about 1:40 p.m. They were not identified, pending notification of relatives.
One person is in serious condition and one is in critical condition, the statement said. They are being treated at the R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center at the University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore.
County Engineer Robert Eley said construction on Crosby Road would resume soon.
Work on the road stopped in November due to improper lying of asphalt.
Eley, said contractors Riverside Construction, brought in Walter's Construction as subcontractor to pave the road and the subcontractors had issues meeting the proper density level with the 19.5 mm asphalt mixed they used to pave the road.
Eley said a representative from the Mississippi Department of Transportation took samples of the asphalt to determine the density level.
He said anything below a density level of 91 percent had to be removed and replaced.
Eley said roughly 35 to 40 percent of the road had been paved when the project was shut down.
"In order to try to minimize the amount of removal, we did additional tests and started pulling samples in intervals of 50 feet from the original test to determine if the density levels were low in those areas as well," said Eley.
He said it took two weeks of additional test to determine that roughly 136 tons of asphalt had to be removed.
Eley added that the subcontractor wanted to replace the 19.5 mm asphalt mix with 12 mm mix for better results, which required additional funds.
He said it is the responsibility of contractor to come up with the additional funds for the asphalt mix.
According to Eley, the subcontractor complained that he could not afford the additional funds to complete the construction and it asked for a supplemental agreement to establish a price to pull up the existing asphalt.
Eley said, "I convinced the board of supervisors to agree to pay the additional cost for the more (12.5 mm) asphalt mix.
"We think it's going to help them meet the density and do a better job in the long run and Mississippi Office of State Aid Road Construction agrees with us," said Eley.
He said the supplemental agreement would cost about $29,000 in additional expenses.
According to Eley, the subcontractor will begin work on milling the asphalt and repaving the road when the weather is 50 degrees or higher, which is the specified weather specification for laying down asphalt.
In light of the construction, residents have voiced concerns about reflective barrels near road.
Eley said Crosby Road is closed until construction is complete.
"If you don't live somewhere within the length of that roadway construction project, then you have no business going that way. It is not open to the general public, including Bayou Academy students or anyone else," said Eley.
India's state-run banks are raising funds as part of a recapitalisation plan in which New Delhi will inject Rs1.35 trillion through recapitalisation bonds, while the lenders are required to raise on their own about Rs58,000 crore. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
Mumbai: State-run Punjab National Bank has launched a share sale to qualified institutions to raise at least Rs3,000 crore ($466.2 million) with an upsize option for another Rs2,000 crore, according a source and a deal term sheet.
Punjab National Bank, the second-biggest state-run lender in the country, is looking to sell the shares at an indicative price of Rs168 each, according to the source and the term sheet.
The stock closed at Rs172.95 on Monday.
The total fund-raising of Rs5,000 crore, including the upsize option, is aimed at boosting the bank's capital ratio.
India's state-run banks are raising funds as part of a recapitalisation plan in which New Delhi will inject Rs1.35 trillion through recapitalisation bonds, while the lenders are required to raise on their own about Rs58,000 crore.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, Kotak Mahindra Capital, Morgan Stanley and PNB Investment Services are the banks managing the sale. Reuters
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
It has been a while since a local runner has crossed the finish line first in the Steamtown Marathon.
The last four overall winners — and six of the last seven — have come from outside the area. Scranton's Matt Byrne, in 2012, was the last local runner to capture the 26.2-mile trek from Forest City to downtown Scranton.
Local runners will try to snap that streak Sunday in the 22nd annual Steamtown Marathon.
“It's our race and there are a lot of good local runners,” Carbondale's Joe Kelly said. “But it seems like every year some phenomenal runners not from Scranton or the surrounding counties come waltzing in and dominate the course.”
Kelly, 35, was one of the top local finishers in last year's Steamtown Marathon. He placed 27th overall in 2 hours, 52 minutes, 31.81 seconds.
Mark Burton is another. The 47-year-old from Scranton ran 2:48:04.35 to finish 18th overall.
“I'm realistic that I'm not going to win the race; I'm not going to post that kind of time,” Burton said. “I just want to run my best time and try to win my age group. I race against the clock; I don't race against the other runners. Some of the times these young guys are running … I just try to run the best time for people in my age group.”
Still, Burton admits there is a greater sense of pride and desire to do well among the local runners because this is the hometown event.
“You want to run this race every year because it's in your backyard,” Burton said. “Your friends and family show up for the race and check your times in the paper, so you want to have a good race to show off what you're doing and what you sacrifice during the training that pays off for you in the end.
“You want to keep it local. It's a great running community around here, filled with good runners. If we could compete with people from outside the area and hold our own, it could be better.”
That time, Kelly believes, may happen sooner rather than later.
“There are some young kids who are transitioning into the marathon distance,” he said. “I think they could put up a fight to break the tape.”
One of those runners is 25-year-old Sam Kuchwara of Dickson City.
In 2015, he finished eighth overall at Steamtown in 2:43:31.40. Last year, he was seventh overall in 2:40:01.10. In April, he ran the
Boston Marathon in 2:35:03.
“He's young and getting stronger,” Kelly said. “I think he's going to break out once he realizes how good he actually is.”
Kuchwara is flattered that someone considers him the individual to carry the banner for local runners.
“We have a strong running community, so it would be awesome if any local runner was able to win it,” Kuchwara said. “It would be great if it was me. But at the same time, I just have to run my race.”
Like Kelly, Steamtown race director Bill King feels that next crop of young, local runners is out there. He hopes when they are finished with their collegiate careers, they'll consider giving Steamtown a shot.
“I can't tell you the number of kids from the high school teams who worked the water stops, then after they were done with college came back and ran,” King said. “Some of them ran really well.”
Egypt Clears Aid Worker Of Abuse And Trafficking Allegations
After three years in detention, Egypt has cleared Aya Hijazi, an Egyptian-American aid worker accused of child abuse and human trafficking. The case was emblematic of Egypt's crackdown on aid groups.
Malaysian police were checking surveillance tapes on Wednesday for clues about who may have assassinated Kim Jung Nam, brother of North Korea leader Kim Jong-un. One woman, seen on the surveillance tapes, has been arrested for questioning.
Malaysian officials have provided few other details. Police said an autopsy was planned to determine the cause of death.
Kim, who died on the way to a hospital, told medical workers that he had been attacked with a chemical spray, the official said.
Kim Jong Nam, reportedly killed by two female agents in a cloak-and-dagger operation in Kuala Lumpur International Airport, had long been an embarrassment to North Korea's government — humiliated during a failed attempt to sneak into Japan to visit Disneyland and outspoken in opposing the rise to power of his brother, who had his uncle executed after taking over.
SEOUL, KOREA—Intelligence officials believe North Korea n agents assassinated leader Kim Jong-un's exiled half brother, but if the whodunit seems settled, a very big question still looms: Why now?
Malaysian police arrested a woman Wednesday in connection with his death. Police released a statement saying the woman was carrying Vietnamese travel documents when she was arrested at the Kuala Lumpur Airport.
The overweight gambler and fading playboy had kept his head down in recent years from his base in Macau. Kim Jong Nam was seen by many outsiders as only a minor distraction for North Korea's leaders, and certainly not an existential threat worth the risk of a potentially embarrassing assassination caper on foreign soil.
South Korea's spy service said Wednesday that North Korea had been trying for five years to kill Kim. But the National Intelligence Service did not definitively say that North Korea was behind the killing, just that it was presumed to be a North Korean operation, according to lawmakers who briefed reporters about the closed door meeting with the spy officials.
The spotty South Korean intelligence community ascribed the North's motivation in killing Kim Jong Nam, without any elaboration, simply to Kim Jong-un's “paranoia.” There is a more intriguing possibility floating around Seoul, however: The tipping point in North Korea's bloody calculations may have been a largely ignored South Korean news story from last week.
A national daily, the Kyunghyang Shinmun, reported that Kim Jong Nam tried to defect to South Korea several years ago and had served, in the 2000s, as a middleman between disgraced current South Korean President Park Geun-hye and officials in North Korea.
Kim Jong-un may have clenched his teeth and carried on when he heard reports of his half brother's exploits in Macau casinos, and even when Kim Jong Nam, often photographed in an expensive, untucked, button-down shirt and newsboy cap, questioned in 2010 the need for a third generation of the Kim family to rule in Pyongyang.
But public reports in rival South Korea of alleged close dealings between a direct relative of North Korea's ruling dynasty and high officials in Seoul — and possible attempts to defect to the South — could have represented a serious challenge to a leader who portrays his family as the only legitimate power on the Korean Peninsula.
If a person with the blood of North Korea founder Kim Il Sung flowing in his veins was considering defecting to prosperous, democratic South Korea, what message did that send to North Korea's elite, or to the millions of poor and dissatisfied?
South Korea's spy agency, the National Intelligence Service, which has a spotty record in reading the goings-on in North Korea and often tries to paint the leadership as unbalanced, denied any defection attempt by Kim Jong Nam.
But Cheong Seong-Chang, an analyst at South Korea's Sejong Institute, raised the possibility that the assassination was linked to the newspaper report, which cites interviews with anonymous officials from the Europe-Korea Foundation, where Park served as a board member for a decade before stepping down ahead of the presidential election in late 2012, and computer files and emails that showed exchanges between Kim Jong Nam and the foundation's officials.
The newspaper reported that Kim Jong Nam, who was then living in Beijing, delivered a letter that Park wrote to Kim Jong Il, North Korea's second leader and Kim Jong-un's father, in 2005. The letter, according to the newspaper, showed Park requesting help on cultural exchange programs pushed by the foundation.
Jeong Joon-Hee, the spokesman of South Korea's Unification Ministry, previously said the government doesn't believe such a letter from Park, who has been impeached over a corruption scandal, was delivered to North Korea.
The newspaper also cited anonymous sources to report that Kim Jong Nam explored the possibility of defecting to South Korea, and also to the United States and Europe, in 2012 before giving up. The sources said Kim's talks with South Korea and the United States eventually fell through because of his excessive demands.
While the South Korean news report is a fascinating potential explanation for Kim Jong Nam's death, there are other possibilities — including that Monday's killing was the culmination of years of effort by North Korea.
Seoul's spy service told lawmakers Wednesday that North Korea had for five years tried to kill Kim Jong Nam, who had kept a low profile since his uncle and former protector, the North's former No. 2, Jang Song Thaek, was executed by Kim Jong-un in 2013.
The NIS, according to lawmakers, cited a “genuine” attempt by North Korea to kill Kim Jong Nam in 2012, but didn't elaborate. The lawmakers said the NIS told them Kim Jong Nam sent a letter to Kim Jong-un in April 2012, after the assassination attempt, begging for the lives of himself and his family. The letter said, “I hope you cancel the order for the punishment of me and my family. We have nowhere to go, nowhere to hide, and we know that the only way to escape is committing suicide.”
Kim Jong Nam's links with China may have also played a role.
Beijing had long protected Kim Jong Nam, according to South Korea's intelligence service. China may have been interested in propping up Kim Jong Nam as a future North Korean leader should the current government in Pyongyang collapse.
Kim Jong-un would not have been pleased by knowledge that his brother was being used by Beijing as a pawn and potential replacement.
Interest Rate Rise Unsettles Stock Investors; Dow Falls 425 Points
Enlarge this image toggle caption Richard Drew/AP Richard Drew/AP
Interest rates reached a milestone Tuesday and the stock market frowned.
Tuesday morning, for the first time in four years, the rate on the 10-year U.S. government note topped 3 percent. The bond market move contributed to a sharp sell-off in stocks, as investors wondered whether the long-running bull market might be at a pivot point.
The Dow Jones industrial average swung more than 750 points in the trading day. The key stock index closed down 425 points, or about 1.7 percent. The S&P 500 index lost 1.3 percent for the day.
The rate on the benchmark Treasury note is a key metric in determining many consumer and business interest rates. For instance, the recent rise in the 10-year government yields has coincided with an uptick in 30-year-mortgage rates.
Loading...
The 3 percent rate level sends a number of crosscurrents through the financial markets, both positive and negative.
The rate increase is partly a response to swelling government debt and to rising commodity prices, including oil, which puts upward pressure on inflation, says Brad McMillan, the chief investment officer at Commonwealth Financial Network.
The rate move also gives stock investors worries that the higher yields make bonds a more attractive investment, undermining stock prices, he says. "So investors who might have gone into stocks to try and get their target return now have the choice of going into bonds," McMillan says.
But he says the increase in interest rates back toward more normal levels also suggests investors have more confidence the economy is likely to continue to grow for some time.
"In many respects the fact that interest rates are now moving back into a normal range is not a sign of trouble. It's a sign of success," McMillan says. "I mean, this is exactly where we've wanted to get to since the [financial] crisis — back to a more normal environment."
Even with the 10-year note's move to the 3 percent level, interest rates remain historically low for this point in an economic expansion.
The Federal Reserve has been trying to move rates higher. But the effort has been slowed by stubbornly quiescent inflation, which has remained below the central bank's target level. The higher 10-year yield suggests inflation may be finally headed toward the Fed's target.
× Second teen dies after last week's collision in north St. Louis
ST. LOUIS – A second person has died following a collision last week in north St. Louis.
The accident took place around 10:25 p.m. Thursday near the intersection of Halls Ferry Road and McLaran Avenue in the Baden neighborhood.
Police said a 2014 Hyundai Elantra was traveling south on Halls Ferry at a high rate of speed and collided with a 2002 Lincoln Navigator that was making a right turn onto Halls Ferry from McLaran.
The front seat passenger in the Elantra, 17-year-old Armani Hester, died at the scene. The driver of the Elantra and two additional passengers were taken to the hospital, as was the driver of the Navigator.
On Monday, a second passenger in the Elantra, identified as 16-year-old Demerra Randolph, succumbed to her injuries from the accident.
No charges have been announced. The investigation remains ongoing.
Following promises of "fire and fury" from US president Donald Trump if it continues its belligerence, North Korea released a statement on Wednesday threatening to launch an "enveloping strike" at the island of Guam, a US territory in the Pacific. Here's why Pyongyang thinks Guam is a worthy target.
Probably the best way to describe that one yesterday was that it was a “tidy” win. No muss, no fuss, took care of business in a businesslike manner and on to the next one.
So Dwane Casey got to game No. 500 as the Raptors head coach yesterday, far and away the most (Sam, 345, which is almost two full seasons shorter) and by far the most successful (278 wins to 156 for Sam) and, really, it's quite an accomplishment.
Of the 29 other head coaches in the NBA, only three have been with their current teams for 500 or more games.
Pop, of course, leads the list 1,683 in San Antonio; Rick Carlisle's been in Dallas for 759 games and Erik Spoelstra's been in Miami for 747.
I know coaches are recycled and there are many that have more than Casey's career total of 622 but, still, 500 here or with any one team seems to be quite a feat.
There's no arguing with his success, there's no arguing that he has the ability to develop players and handle both veterans and youngsters and his approach to his job has not wavered one iota since he got here.
Yeah, there might have been slight strategic alterations based on personnel but the measure of his leadership is delivering the same message of accountability, teamwork, playing for the guy sitting next to you and doing the right thing as often as possible. And that's what he's about, what his bosses see in him, what his players appreciate in him.
Five hundred may not be historically huge but it's a nice number and he should be proud to get to it with one time.
-
OG takes notice
One thing that illustrates the inexperience of OG Anunoby – who has exceeded all expectations to this point – is that he gets beat a bit too often by backdoor cuts. It's an experience thing solely and Casey and the staff are working with him to be a bit more aware.
Was nice to see him turn the tables yesterday, cutting along the baseline while the Kings all had their heads turned watching the ball to take a drop off pass from DeRozan and dunk.
That's something he's going to figure out how to do more frequently as the season goes on and will make him far more valuable than if he just stays in the corner looking to shoot threes.
-
Do it some more
One of things we don't see a lot of with this new emphasis on ball movement on offence is a Lowry-DeRozan screen-roll, which I think is one of the more effective things they run because opponents tend to switch on it and it seldom works.
Saw one yesterday late that worked wonderfully, Lowry had a little guy on him, DeRozan was being guarded by a bigger guard.
DeRozan set the screen, the Kings switched, Lowry got him the ball back, two dribbles, DeRozan elevated easily over the smaller defender and made a jump shot.
They run it a lot against Golden State to get a switch where Curry is guarding DeRozan and Thompson's on Lowry; I'd like to see it a bit more often.
-
Some more? Sure.
-
All right, we're two weeks out from the big day and if I have to listen to Christmas music in every story, bar, restaurant and hotel lobby I'm in, it's time to get started, right?
Usually finish with this one, let's turn it around this year.
The city could get another taste should the Eagles win their first Super Bowl.
"I want to feel that experience," Embiid said. "I want to mix it up. Go in the suite. Then sit in the stands. I want to feel like a regular person to do that."
The Heat nearly harshed Philly's mellow when they turned a 28-point hole into a four-point game on Wayne Ellington's 3-pointer with 25 seconds left.
But the biggest win for the Sixers may be this: Embiid is set to play games on consecutive nights for the first time since he was picked No. 3 overall in the 2014 draft.
"I feel like I've been ready," Embiid said. "Now, I'm going to feel like an NBA player. Taking days off in the NBA is not that easy."
Embiid, selected to his first All-Star team, missed his first two seasons with injuries and the Sixers have been leery of pushing their 7-foot-2 centre into major minutes over the last two seasons.
Embiid should be in the starting lineup Saturday at Indiana.
"We're in a rhythm now. It's tough when he comes out and we've got to back into another rhythm," Sixers rookie Ben Simmons said.
The Sixers are eighth in the Eastern Conference playoff standings and clearly need a healthy Embiid down the stretch to crack the post-season for the first time since 2012. Coach Brett Brown said Embiid will play in back-to-backs because he's been cleared to go — not to avoid the lousy optics in two weeks of playing in the Rising Stars Challenge, the Skills Challenge and the All-Star game all packed into 48 hours.
"Joel's availability has got nothing to do with desperation or crunch time. It's all about his health," Brown said.
Fueled by the Super Bowl frenzy, Philadelphia hit 'em low (30 points in the paint), hit 'em high (three 3s) and watched that scoreboard fly all the way to a 51-41 lead at halftime.
Dario Saric made his first five buckets, growled like a dog (Eagles fans have worn dog masks in the playoffs) and had 17 points and 10 rebounds.
TIP-INS
Heat: The Heat outscored the 76ers 37-17 in the fourth quarter. Kelly Olynyk scored 19 points.
"We should have no regrets in this game. We laid it out there," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said.
76ers: Brown gave the Sixers permission to attend the Super Bowl. "We're in Indiana. It's not like it's a ridiculous journey," Brown said. Brown said the Sixers will not have Monday off from practice. ... Brown said as of yet no one from the Sixers has talked to anyone involved with All-Star weekend about limiting Embiid's minutes.
SIMMONS SNUB
Simmons, the star guard who felt snubbed from the All-Star game, scored 20 points.
"I mean, if I was an All-Star, I'd be on the All-Star team," Simmons said. "It's a little frustrating but if you look back at how many rookies have made it, it's not one of those things that makes or breaks your career."
FEELING SICK
Heat C Hassan Whiteside left the game in the fourth quarter with an undisclosed illness.
UP NEXT
The Heat play Saturday at Detroit and will host Orlando on Monday night.
The Sixers play at Indiana on Saturday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/NBAbasketball
By Dan Gelston, The Associated Press
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
Certified minority business enterprise firm specializes in custom architectural signage, brand identity and signage surrounding mergers and acquisitions, for local and national chains
Darryl Martin, a sign industry veteran of more than 20 years, has launched Martin Branding Group. The certified minority business enterprise specializes in custom architectural signage, brand identity and signage surrounding mergers and acquisitions, for local and national chains.
For two decades, Darryl has helped businesses of all sizes solve signage branding needs including Boeing, Subway, All State, State Farm and Jewel/Osco.
Most recently, Darryl was Chief Executive Officer at Adams Signs and Plastic Identification, where he managed Chicago Office sales and operations and was responsible for generating national accounts. Prior to this, he was a National Sales Consultant at Poblocki Sign Company, and before this, a National Sales Consultant at Jones Sign Company. He started his career in the sign industry as the Executive Director of Sales at Surelight Signs.
Darryl holds a BS in Chemistry from Northwestern University in Evanston. He is a member of the Advisory Board of the Illinois Black Chamber of Commerce, and a member of the Board of Directors of the Circle Urban Ministry.
For more information, go to: http://www.martinbrandinggroup.org/
Sign Industry Veteran Launches Martin Branding Group was originally published on chicagodefender.com
Also On The Chicago Defender:
Less than 24 hours after two residents at the Salvation Army's Castleview Apartments were stabbed to death, the scene has become a place to remember the victims.
Friends and local residents gathered outside the Salvation Army's Castleview Apartments where the victims and suspect lived. The apartment serves as a permanent, supportive housing complex that provides shelter for the chronically homeless, disabled, or lower-income adults.
It has been an emotional time for the community as they mourn the victims at the vigil which began at 4 p.m. Tears were shed and balloons released to remember victims of the double homicide.
"I was at home when I opened up the news and it said Phil, and I was just like whoa, and I was just sad. I called one of my friends and I said the person who got stabbed was Phil Hicks, and It was just unbelievable," said Jane Komidor, a friend of Hicks.
Some residents who live nearby say Hicks was a kind person and would always lend a helping hand.
"Years ago, I got my car stuck, and I was spinning my tires and spinning my tires, and I thought 'oh goodness,' and all of a sudden I felt a push in the back of my car. I thought 'angel' there's an angel back there, then I turned around, here was Phil," she said. "It was a bond that I will always cherish."
Charles Jackson of Rochester did not know the victims, but organized this vigil on Facebook hoping to share a message. "This shouldn't continue in our community, the overdose, the death of stabbing or even the death of violence," said Jackson.
For Jackson, the death of Hicks and Flemming is a call for action. He says hosting a vigil for victims of a tragic death is an opportunity to educate youth how to respond to negative situations. He vows to work with the community to prevent violent deaths like this from happening again in Rochester.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Scores of people may have been wrongly charged for care by North Somerset Council.
The authority is reviewing around 60 cases after a report found a man should not have been forced to pay £722.40 for care when he was recovering from an amputation.
North Somerset Council was rapped by the local government and social care ombudsman after the man's family brought a complaint against the authority.
Councils cannot charge people for the first six weeks of intermediate care, which is when the person has plans to go home and will not be in a home permanently.
But the council claimed the support they gave the man was not intermediate care but ‘enablement' care, and charged the family.
They have now apologised to the amputee and agreed to reduce the rest of the money the family owe because of the “distress” caused, the ombudsman said.
Tuesday's report said others may also have wrongly paid for care and the council has now confirmed “approximately 60 cases meet the ombudsman recommendation over the last three years”.
Local government and social care ombudsman, Michael King, said: “Simply referring to intermediate care by another name does not allow the council to charge for it. Intermediate care, where people are receiving support with the intention of returning home, cannot be charged in this initial period.
“I am pleased the council has agreed to apologise to the family and pay them the remedy we have recommended. However, it now needs to identify and repay any others who may have been incorrectly charged for the care they have received.”
The investigation found the council had confusing and conflicting information on its website and in leaflets about its enablement service. It also criticised the council for the way the care home sent an incorrect invoice to the family for the care received.
The council has agreed to review its adult social care charging policy to make sure it is compliant with the Care Act.
A spokesman for North Somerset Council said: “The council recognises the findings of the ombudsman report and is in the process of implementing all the recommendations within agreed timescales. We have already refunded the family and apologised for any faults identified in the report.
“The council's enablement service is highly regarded and has been commended by previous Local Government Association (LGA) and Association of Director of Adult Social Services (ADASS) Peer Review Processes and NHS England."
The spokesman said the groups had highlighted the lengths the council went to to make sure people avoided long-term permanent care placements.
He added: “In responding to the ombudsman findings, and moving forward, we are seeking a response from our clinical commissioning group with regard to the lack of intermediate care residential provision in North Somerset which is vital when people leave hospital.”
The local government and social care ombudsman's role is to remedy injustice and share learning from investigations to help improve public, and adult social care, services.
Wisconsin Teen Sentenced To 40 Years In Mental Hospital For 'Slender Man' Stabbing
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rick Wood/AP Rick Wood/AP
A Wisconsin girl who pleaded guilty to stabbing a classmate as part of a bizarre attempt to gain favor with a fictional Internet character has been ordered committed to a mental institution for 40 years, the maximum penalty sought by prosecutors.
Morgan Geyser had pleaded guilty to attempted first-degree murder in the near-fatal stabbing of Payton Leutner. Geyser's cohort, Anissa Weier, pleaded guilty to being a party to the crime and was sentenced in December to 25 years in a mental institution. All three girls, including the victim, were 12 at the time of the stabbing.
Geyser and Weier, now teenagers, were tried as adults. Leutner survived the attack.
"I just want to let Bella and her family know that I'm sorry," a tearful Geyser said, using Leutner's nickname. "And I hope she's doing well."
The two girls apparently carried out the attack to impress a horror character known as Slender Man.
As member station WUWM in Milwaukee has reported, in the spring of 2014, Geyser and Weier lured Leutner to the woods in Waukesha, attacked her and left her to die.
WUWM writes:
"The victim was able to crawl from the site of the attack and flag down a bicyclist who came to her aid." "Weier and ... Geyser said they planned the stabbing in order to please the Internet horror character Slender Man. Attorneys for Weier argued that she believed Slender Man would harm her family if she did not attack her classmate."
Attorneys for Weier said she believed Slender Man would hurt her family if she did not go through with the attack on Leutner.
During testimony in October, Geyser cried as she told Judge Michael Bohren: "Anissa and I took [Leutner] in the forest and said that we were going to play hide-and-seek."
"Anissa said that she couldn't do it and that I had to," Geyser said, referring to the stabbing.
Bohren asked how Geyser carried out the attack, to which she replied: "I tackled her. I stabbed her."
Where? Bohren asked. "Everywhere," Geyser replied. How many times? "19."
"Anissa told her to lie down so she wouldn't lose blood so quickly, and told her to be quiet, and we left," Geyser said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City's first game of pre-season will take place this Sunday when they take on Bitton AFC in the annual community fixture.
The WDS Associates Legal Services Stadium (BS30 6HX) will host the fixture that allows fans to get up close and personal with the players and management.
It might also be the first chance that supporters will be able to watch new Bristol City signings including Marley Watkins, Adam Webster and Andreas Weimann in action.
All the players are back in training and are in line to feature although Famara Diedhiou was given extra time off and may sit this one out.
Last year the fixture was hosted by Bristol Manor Farm in a fixture that raises money for the host club and the Bristol City Community Trust.
“It is with great pleasure and excitement that our club has been selected to host this year's Community Match,” said Bitton AFC chairman John Langdon.
(Image: Rogan Thomson/JMP)
“We have just celebrated our 125th season of football in the community so for Bristol City to visit an FA Charter Standard Development club like ourselves, whose young player aspire to reach professional football, is a fitting tribute.”
Bristol City head coach Lee Johnson commented: “We are looking forward to the Community Match at Bitton as they have notoriously been successful in the recent years.
“The fans really enjoy getting into close proximity of the players and the players enjoy meeting all the fans. It's a game that allows us to give a bit back to the local teams and I'm very much looking forward to it.”
Bitton AFC are located next to the Avon Valley Railway in the East of Bristol near Keynsham and play their football in the Toolstation Western League.
Ticket details
Tickets cost £7 for adults and £4 for under-16s, £7 for wheelchair and ambulant disabled fans and will receive free carer admission if required.
Tickets for the popular fixture are being sold on a first come first served basis and supporters are being advised to buy online to avoid any disappointment.
Wheelchair and ambulant disabled supporters are to pay £7 and will receive a free carer if required.
You can buy tickets here .
The White House on Wednesday shook off criticism of the emergency response to Hurricane Maria following a Harvard study that estimated the death toll from last year's tragedy in Puerto Rico may have reached 5,000.
The official death toll from the storm is listed as 64, but Puerto Rican officials have maintained they believe the number is far higher.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders, asked about the startling numbers in the Harvard study, defended FEMA's response to the storm that slammed into the island as a Category 4 hurricane Sept. 20, two weeks after the island was ravaged by Hurricane Irma.
Sanders said the government responded to the storm with the largest FEMA effort in history.
"We have been supportive of Gov. Rosello's efforts to ensure full accounting and transparency, and those who have suffered from this tragedy deserve nothing less," she added.
More: Hurricane Maria killed more than 4,600 people, study says.
More: Caribbean hotels make a comeback after hurricanes
National Nurse United, the nation's largest union for registered nurses, said the study confirmed what volunteer nurses who went to the island in the days and weeks after the Sept. 20 landfall witnessed — residents "left to die" by a federal response that "failed its own American citizens."
“Nurses on the ground saw that people were dying," said Bonnie Castillo, executive director of the union. "Our volunteer RNs came back to the U.S. and said again and again, ‘The people of Puerto Rico are dying. Do something!'"
Rep. Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., who serves on the House Committee on Homeland Security, called the Harvard estimate "heartbreaking" and blasted the federal response to the storm as "woefully inadequate."
FEMA assistant administrator Michael Byrne defended his agency's effort before a House committee two months ago.
Byrne testified more than 19,000 federal staff from 80 agencies were on the ground at the height of the emergency effort. More than a billion dollars in commodities, such as food, water, tarps, and construction materials "were delivered by air, off-road vehicles and on foot, making it the largest and longest commodity delivery mission in FEMA's history," he said.
Maria destroyed thousands of buildings and knocked out power to virtually the entire U.S. territory of more than 3 million people. Researchers at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health released a study this week based on a survey of more than 3,000 households on the battered island.
The researchers determined at least 4,645 "excess deaths" occurred during the storm and the weeks that followed as the island struggled to provide basic services such as food, water and medical care. The researchers also said the number was probably conservative, and that the total could have exceeded 5,000.
By comparison, more than 1,800 people died when Katrina roared across the U.S. Gulf Coast as a Category 5 hurricane in 2005.
Christy Delafield, a spokeswoman for the global humanitarian organization Mercy Corps, has spent time in Puerto Rico since Maria. She said her group always believed official numbers seemed low, but "Harvard's numbers are worse than we feared."
"The lack of electricity and basic services meant that people couldn't get the help they needed for a long time after the storm," she said. "The elderly, people with health problems and the very young were at particular risk."
Carlos Mercader, executive director of the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration, said the Puerto Rico government welcomed the study and would analyze it further. He said officials expected the number would be much higher than previous counts, and a team at George Washington University has been conducting a review of the death total that is due soon.
"As the world knows, the magnitude of this tragic disaster caused by Hurricane Maria resulted in many fatalities," he said. "Both studies will help us better prepare for future natural disasters and prevent lives from being lost.”
Puerto Rico's remote mountain regions face slow recovery A view up Huleia Stream on Nov. 2, 2017, which runs through the center of the town of Orocovis, where most residents were still without power or water six weeks after Hurricane Maria. 01 / 08 A view up Huleia Stream on Nov. 2, 2017, which runs through the center of the town of Orocovis, where most residents were still without power or water six weeks after Hurricane Maria. 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
A retired Leeds GP, diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2012, prepared to put his affairs in order when he realised how low the survival rate was.
Five years on, having survived against the odds, he is on a mission to raise awareness and is today on his way to a charity trek across the Grand Canyon.
Dr John Nathan, who worked for 27 years at Chevin Medical Practice in Otley and Bramhope, said the illness had an immense impact, and has credited his wife Jackie for supporting him through it.
Now, he said, he is determined now to live life to the full, and to do all he can to raise the profile of a “hugely underfunded” illness.
“It's such a common cancer and it kills 95 per cent of those who get it within five years,” the 69-year-old said. “Yet there's been a really low volume of research over the past few years.
“I'm very fortunate to have survived - it's sheer luck really. And I'm determined to make the most of it. I was fully sure I was going to die from this. When I survived, it was a surprise. There are a lot of things you put on a back burner.
“So now I'm getting on with it. I decided to live life to the full and try and pack as much in as I could. I'm coming up to my 70th, and I've survived five years.
“I'm in a position where I can do something. Let's go for it.”
Dr Nathan, a father of three and grandfather of five, sets off for Arizona today.
Over the coming six days, he will trek across the Grand Canyon, accompanied by a fellow Leeds doctor Dr Geoff Lipman, a former Chapel Allerton GP who now works for Nuffield House. Together, they hope to raise money for Pancreatic Cancer UK.
“If I can survive, maybe others can as well,” he said. “Particulary if we get the funds for research.”
NEW YORK — Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
A statement issued through a spokesperson Wednesday says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare him to testify. They say he learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not.
NATIONAL
A Seoul court questioned a former top aide to former President Lee Myung-bak on Tuesday as it considered whether to approve an arrest warrant for him on charges of involvement in the military's attempts to meddle in the 2012 presidential election.
Kim Tae-hyo, a Sungkyunkwan University professor who served as a senior secretary to Lee, is accused of involvement with the military cyber command's operations to write Internet comments to sway public opinion in favor of then ruling party candidate Park Geun-hye.
Prosecutors sought an arrest warrant for Kim last Friday, and the Seoul Central District Court questioned him Tuesday. The court is expected to decide whether to approve the arrest warrant request either late Tuesday night or early Wednesday.
(Yonhap)
Prosecutors suspect that Kim delivered Lee's messages to the military, including an instruction to hire "our people," which apparently refers to those friendly to his administration, when increasing the number of civilian employees of the cyber command.Kim is also suspected of ordering the cyber command to post Internet comments positive about the government and the ruling party but negative about opposition parties. When leaving office, he also allegedly took military documents and presidential records with him without permission.Kim has denied the charges against him, claiming that he was never involved in the military's political interference and that the increase in the number of civilian employees in the cyber command was part of cyberwarfare against North Korea.The investigation of Kim is considered a final step toward ultimately investigating Lee. The former president has recently categorically denied any knowledge or involvement in the military's alleged political interference. (Yonhap)
It might be almost exactly ten years since Tiger Woods won the most recent of his 14 major championships but Jack Nicklaus doesn't care – he still believes the former world No.1 has a shot at breaking his record of 18 major victories.
Woods, whose last win in golf's four biggest tournaments came in the 2008 US Open at Torrey Pines, hasn't managed so much as a top ten finish in a major since the 2013 Open Championship.
RELATED - How golf's major landscape has changed since Tiger's last win
However, speaking ahead of this week's Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village, which Woods has won five times, Nicklaus refused to rule out the possibility of the 42-year-old still eclipsing his record.
“Time flies when you're having fun or sometimes when you're not having fun, too,” said Nicklaus. “I don't think Tiger's had a lot of fun the last ten years. I would hate to have been through what he's been through, because he's been through a lot. But I think that he is a tough competitor, he's a hard worker, and he's still driven. So that's why I never counted him out.
MORE - "I am a walking miracle" insists Tiger Woods
OPINION - "Tiger Woods should be exempt for WGCs"
“I said if Tiger comes back and plays I still think he's got a shot at breaking my record. But whether he does or he doesn't, even with ten years passing, it doesn't make any difference. I think he's still, a great athlete and a great golfer.”
Woods is joined by Justin Rose – winner of last week's Fort Worth Invitational– and defending champion Jason Dufner in the opening two rounds of the Memorial this week.
Tiger's 1997 driver vs Tiger's 2018 driver
Watch what happened when we compared the driver Tiger Woods used to win the 1997 Masters and the one he used at this year's tournament.
A “large quantity” of memorabilia from the Second World War was stolen from a Peterborough home which was also hit by an arson attack.
The items were stolen from a home in Willeseden Avenue, Walton, on Sunday morning (August 13).
Police were called at around 2am.
A 34-year-old man from Peterborough was arrested and has now been released under investigation.
A police spokesman said officers were first called out by Cambridgeshire Fire and Rescue Service because of an arson at the property.
A spokesman for the fire service said it had been called out to an arson, but in Fulbridge Road, Walton, at 1.21am.
Anyone with information about the incidents should call police on 101, quoting incident number CF0463110817.
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal's website with one of the following subscriber options:
Monthly Subscription - $5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Quarterly Subscription - $15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Annual Subscription - $30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL: If you're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail, email us at calhouncountyjournal@gmail.com
NATIONAL
South Korea has undergone dramatic development since the end of the Korean War in 1953. The country prides itself in its fast pace of life and change that took root as the country rose out of poverty.Looking ahead to 2030, the country is expected to continue to change rapidly, facing many difficult challenges -- some familiar but others unprecedented.The biggest of all will be those brought on by an aging population, something unimagined only a few decades ago.The process, observed in many industrialized nations, is accelerated here by the rapidly increasing life expectancy coupled with one of the world's lowest birthrates.According to projections, the average male and female life expectancy will reach 84.07 and 90.82 years, respectively, in 2030, making South Koreans some of the longest living people in the world. In comparison, male and female life expectancy stood respectively at 78.98 years and 86.17 years in 2015.The increase in life expectancy will be a mixed blessing for a rapidly aging nation. According to the Bank of Korea's projections, South Korea will be a super aged society in 2030, with 24.5 percent of the population being over the age of 65.The year 2030 will also see the country's arrive at a demographic cliff, when the population begins to shrink. According to projections, South Korea's population will peak in 2031 at 52.96 million million, only 1.3 million larger than the current population of 51.4 million. From there on, the number of South Koreans will begin to decrease quickly, falling nearly 2 million by 2045. The drop will also reduce the economically active populations, dragging down with it the country's economy.The changes projected to take place here are not all bleak.Despite the perennial talk of economic slowdown, the country's gross domestic product is projected to reach $2.57 trillion by 2030, growing by more than 40 percent from the $1.81 trillion projected for 2017. The average Korean will also spend less time at work each year in 2030. On average, Koreans spend nearly a quarter of the year working, or 2,071 hours, but the figure is expected to drop to 1,800 hours by 2030.If the Moon Jae-in administration's plans work out, the country will also have become much greener, generating about a fifth of its electricity from renewable sources.Will there be a lasting peace on the Korean Peninsula in 2030? That seems to be the hardest to predict right now, with threats of a war with North Korea reaching a new level.By Choi He-suk ( cheesuk@heraldcorp.com
Eight goats have been found dead following a possible attack by dogs on a farm in Michigan's Thumb region.
Owner Mary Price tells the Times Herald of Port Huron for a story Friday that the throats of the goats were ripped.
Price says officials with the state Natural Resources department told her that "they believe it was dogs" that killed the three Nigerian dwarf goats and five Lamancha dairy goats on her Washington Township farm, northeast of Detroit.
She says the goats were in a fenced pasture. They were found dead earlier this week.
Price told the newspaper that she's "put the word out" that she'll shoot any roaming dogs that she sees.
Sanilac County animal control officer Jim Matson said he was awaiting a DNR report on the attack.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
By Dennis Osei Gyamfi, GNA
Accra, April 24, GNA - Mr George Afriyie – Vice President of the Ghana Football Association (GFA), has been relieved of his duties following the decision of the Executive Committee.
However, reasons for his sack were not known but sources say a new Vice President would be announced soon.
Mr. Afriyie, the fourth Vice President under Mr. Kwesi Nyantakyi, expressed his desire to contest for the top post at the nation's football governing body in March at his 50th birthday celebration at the Mensvic Hotel.
Following that declaration, Mr Afriyie has received heavy backlash from some members of the GFA for the timing of his decision and since lost the second position he holds at the GFA.
Mr. Afriyie had earlier lost his position as the Black Stars Committee Chairman after his declaration.
The supposed feud between George Afriyie and his boss Nyantakyi continues unabated with the latest report emerging from the Association.
Mr. Afriyie was appointed vice President of the GFA to replace Fred Crenstil in 2015.
GNA
Xbox One X selling at a loss Despite $499 price tag, Microsoft's new console is still not the money-making part of the business
James Batchelor UK Editor Thursday 15th June 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Xbox
Microsoft will see a loss for every Xbox One X unit it sells.
This was confirmed to Business Insider during an interview with Phil Spencer, who simply said "No" when asked if the platform holder would make any money from sales of its upcoming console.
Oddly, when asked if that means Xbox is taking a loss, he answered: "I didn't answer it that way."
He later elaborated: "I don't want to get into all the numbers, but in aggregate you should think about the hardware part of the console business is not the money-making part of the business. The money-making part is in selling games."
This is not necessarily a ground-breaking, shareholder-angering revelation. Both Microsoft and Sony have historically sold their consoles at a loss with the intention of offsetting this with sales of games and services such as Xbox Live.
However, with a hefty price tag of $499 - something analysts have told GamesIndustry.biz makes the console a "tough sell" - you would have hoped Microsoft would be recouping some of its costs.
Notably, Nintendo rarely sells hardware at a loss - with the troubled Wii U being a significant exception. However, even then Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils-Aime assured that each unit sold becomes profitable if consumers purchase just one game with it. It's not clear whether something similar can be said for Xbox One X.
The $499 price, while high, is somewhat understandable given the amount of power Microsoft has crammed into it. 4K support is still new, making the technology required to provide it just as new and therefore expensive. The fact that the Xbox One X is actually smaller than the slimmed-down S model launched last year also makes it likely that a significant amount of the tech is custom made - something else that ramps up the price.
Phil Spencer told GamesIndustry.biz earlier this week that the platform holder expects to sell more S units than X over the next year, something that has "always been part of the plan". You can read the full interview here.
Iguodala out for game one of NBA Finals
The Golden State Warriors will be without Andre Iguodala for the NBA Finals opener.
Omnisport NEWS News 31 May 2018, 03:51 IST 16 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Andre Iguodala
Andre Iguodala will not be on the court when the Golden State Warriors host the Cleveland Cavaliers for game one of the NBA Finals on Thursday.
The Golden State forward is still recovering from a bone bruise and contusion on his left leg.
The team said he underwent an evaluation on Tuesday, which indicated he is healing. However, Iguodala is still in pain and will be sidelined as a precaution.
"The pain that accompanies the bone bruise persists, as does the inflammation surrounding the nerve of his left knee," the statement read in part.
"He is currently listed out of game one of the NBA Finals and will be re-evaluated again prior to game two."
Andre Iguodala injury update: pic.twitter.com/nkmrQNTRbt — Warriors PR (@WarriorsPR) May 30, 2018
Iguodala has missed the last four games with the injury, but the Warriors managed to defeat the Houston Rockets in seven games without him.
However, Iguodala has been key in defending LeBron James over the last three NBA Finals, so his game-one absence could be a huge blow.
With game two on Sunday, Iguodala will have a couple extra days to continue his recovery before the series moves to Cleveland for game three.
Spoilers ahead for Season 2 Episode 12 of The Handmaid's Tale. One Handmaid's Tale character met an untimely end this week, and though she wasn't necessarily a huge focus in the story overall, her death could have lasting repercussions on other characters. Eden is found this week after she runs away with her lover Isaac and a massive search party is sent after them. They are executed in a grisly fashion for being "sinful" and betraying Nick, Eden's husband, and Serena's reaction to Eden's death on The Handmaid's Tale could mean that she won't be as supportive of Gilead's rulers moving forward.
Eden definitely held a lower rank in society than the Waterfords, but she was still a staple of their home, and Serena had grown close with her, particularly in this episode when June's baby arrived. Eden holds the baby early in the episode as she talks about motherhood with Serena, and the makeshift bond they share is clear.
Eden is the perfect example of someone who should be Gilead's poster child. She tries tirelessly to be a good and dutiful wife, and won't compromise her religion for anything. Even when Nick begs Eden to lie to the authorities, to say Isaac took her against her will, or to say that she's sorry and she regrets her supposed sins so she might be spared, she won't do it. Eden is a girl who always strove to be as diligent and godly as she possibly could be, and that continues even as she faces death. Nick tries to tell her that the truth doesn't matter, but she won't have it. "It matters to God," she says. "He knows what's in my heart."
George Kraychyk
"All I wanted was to make a real family," she continues. "Isn't that what Gilead wants of God's servants?" Even as she faces her own demise, Eden still asks Nick for his forgiveness after she tells him that she doesn't want to have his baby, and recites a prayer to calm and comfort him. It's clear that she's just a teenage girl who's struggling to come to terms with her relationship to God, and only wants to do what she thinks she's supposed to. And yet, even she isn't good enough under the strict rule of Gilead.
As the others in the district — even Eden's own family — watch in horror, Eden and Isaac are forced to jump into a swimming pool with weights attached to them. Everyone is shocked and horrified, even though they knew what was coming, and Serena in particular has a reaction that suggests this might not be the world she wants to live in anymore. She sobs and looks on in disbelief, her hands clasped against her face, and still hasn't recovered later that night when June visits her in the baby's room.
George Kraychyk
If someone as good-hearted and willing to bend to God's rule as Eden can't thrive as a woman in Gilead, then really, who can? This has to be a concern of Serena's now more than ever. Though June's child doesn't truly belong to her, Serena thinks of herself as its mother now, and likely also considered her relationship with Eden as that of almost an adoptive parent. She welcomed Eden into her home, gave her motherly advice, and tried her best to guide her, but still has to watch as she receives the ultimate punishment.
June's baby will probably have a greater measure of protection than Eden did because she'll be considered a Commander's daughter, but she's still a girl. Serena seems more troubled by Gilead's laws than ever before in this episode, and it's not hard to see why. Now she's got a young girl directly in her care, and she'll have to reckon with how much power she actually has to protect her. It would be hard — maybe even impossible — for Serena to redeem herself in any significant way after the atrocities in which she's been complicit, but Eden's fate could be the spark that finally convinces her that no woman can have a truly good life in Gilead.
With access to apps that instantly connects us to millions of users, much of our day is spent hunched over a screen. Adam Alter, author of ''Irresistible,'' explores the rise of technology addiction - specifically in teenagers. The following is a transcript of the video.
Adam Alter: Nomophobia is a new word that's being coined to describe no mobile phobia and it's the idea that a lot of us, in thinking about not having our phones, experience something like a phobia and this is supposed to describe hundreds of millions of people today and I'm sure that number is growing at the moment. What that means is that when you think about, for example, your phone falling out of your pocket, tumbling to the ground and shattering into a million pieces, you should experience anxiety symptoms and it's especially true among young people.
Alter: I ran a study at one point where I asked young people, a whole lot of teenagers, a very simple question. I said to them, "Imagine you have this very unpleasant choice. So, you can either watch your phone tumble to the ground and shatter into a million pieces or you can have a small bone in your hand broken." Now, that seems to people of a certain age and older like a fairly straightforward question with a straightforward answer. It seems ridiculous. Of course you choose to save the integrity of your hand and let your phone break. You can always replace a phone, but for young people this is actually a very difficult question. In my experience, about 40% - 50% of them will say, "Ultimately, I think it probably makes more sense to have a bone in my hand broken than it does to have my phone broken."
Alter: And, you can understand why that is, apart from the fact that it is expensive to have a phone repaired and there's some time where you're without your phone, that is their portal to a social world that is very important to them. Being without that social world for a while is probably not as detrimental in some respects as being without a particular bone in your hand. Most of the time, you can get by and you can see this in the way they ask follow-up questions. So, a lot of these teens will say to me things like, "Is it my left hand or my right hand?" and the most important question, "Once I break that bone in my hand, can I still use my phone? Is it a bone that I need to be able to scroll on the phone, because if it is, then that's no deal, but if it's not a bone that I need to use my screen at least I can continue to use my phone during the time I'm healing." If people are willing to endure physical harm to keep their phones that obviously suggests that this is a major issue.
Alter: The definition that I like for behavioral addiction that makes the most sense to me is an experience that we return to compulsively over and over again because it feels good in a short run but in the long run, it ultimately undermines our well-being in some respect. So, it can be someone who notices that over time their social relationships are degrading because they don't have a consistent, face-to-face contact with people and that's especially problematic for kids who need time in that real face-to-face social world because that's where they develop all the competencies of being a social creature. The way to work out what other people are thinking, to share your feelings in a way that you want them to be shared for other people to understand you for you to make just the right facial expressions at just the right times. Those seem like obvious and easy-to-do things for most adults but for kids it's very difficult to do that. They take time to hone those skills and so you need face-to-face time to do that and if you don't have that, if you're spending all your time on screens because it's really fun to crush one more candy on Candy Crush or do whatever it is that you might be doing, you're not developing those long-term competencies and therefore your long-term well-being is degraded.
Hedge fund managers were busy reducing bullish positions in petroleum well before OPEC and its allies indicated in the middle of last week that they would consider relaxing output curbs.
Hedge funds and other money managers reduced their net long position in the six major petroleum futures and options contracts in each of the five weeks to May 22 by a total of 108 million barrels.
The reduction has been concentrated in crude, where net long positions in Brent and WTI were cut by 169 million barrels over those five weeks (tmsnrt.rs/2LBbW8l).
Liquidation was heaviest in Brent (-131 million barrels over six weeks) rather than NYMEX and ICE WTI (-51 million barrels over four weeks).
It was partly offset by increased net length in fuels, especially U.S. gasoline (34 million barrels), with smaller increases in U.S. heating oil (+26 million barrels) and European gasoil (+2 million barrels).
Liquidation hit near-term Brent futures prices particularly hard, since most hedge fund positions are held in contracts just a few months from expiry, which has helped push near-term contract prices into contango.
Portfolio managers cut their net long position in Brent by almost 50 million barrels in the week to May 22, the largest one-week reduction since before the rally started in June 2017.
Hedge funds have continued to add bullish positions in fuels, especially gasoline, in a bet consumption will remain relatively strong.
But the decision to pare positions in crude points to deeper unease about the sustainability of the rally in oil prices over the last 10 months.
Hedge funds started to reduce their net long position in petroleum around the time U.S. President Donald Trump used Twitter on April 20 to blame OPEC for pushing up oil prices.
Follow the money
For all the bullish commentary around oil prices in recent weeks, hedge fund managers have used rising prices to realise some profits rather than increase their positions.
Hedge fund positioning in the petroleum complex had become exceptionally stretched, with long positions outnumbering short ones by a record ratio of 14:1 by April 17.
Positioning was even more lopsided in Brent, where portfolio managers held more than 20 long positions for every short one, according to exchange and regulatory data.
Since then, however, fund managers have cut long positions across the petroleum complex by 52 million barrels and boosted shorts by 57 million barrels.
The number of shorts has risen from just 109 million barrels to 166 million barrels, the highest for five months since the middle of December.
Positioning is still stretched, but much less so than before, with long positions now outnumbering shorts by 9:1 in petroleum and 7:1 in Brent.
Large concentrations of hedge fund positions have normally preceded a sharp reversal in the price trend over the last four years.
Recent sharp falls in oil prices, especially Brent, are therefore not surprising, given that fund managers have been steadily liquidating long positions and adding shorts for more than a month.
Comments from senior OPEC and non-OPEC officials suggesting they would consider raising output to compensate for lost production from Venezuela and sanctions on Iran catalysed a sharp fall in oil prices.
But the market had been primed for a sharp correction given steady hedge fund selling over the last five weeks.
First 3D printed human corneas
The first human corneas have been 3D printed by scientists at Newcastle University.
It means the technique could be used in the future to ensure an unlimited supply of corneas.
As the outermost layer of the human eye, the cornea has an important role in focusing vision.
Yet there is a significant shortage of corneas available to transplant, with 10 million people worldwide requiring surgery to prevent corneal blindness as a result of diseases such as trachoma, an infectious eye disorder.
In addition, almost 5 million people suffer total blindness due to corneal scarring caused by burns, lacerations, abrasion or disease.
The proof-of-concept research, published today in Experimental Eye Research, reports how stem cells (human corneal stromal cells) from a healthy donor cornea were mixed together with alginate and collagen to create a solution that could be printed, a ‘bio-ink'.
Using a simple low-cost 3D bio-printer, the bio-ink was successfully extruded in concentric circles to form the shape of a human cornea. It took less than 10 minutes to print.
The stem cells were then shown to culture – or grow.
Che Connon, Professor of Tissue Engineering at Newcastle University, who led the work, said: “Many teams across the world have been chasing the ideal bio-ink to make this process feasible. “Our unique gel – a combination of alginate and collagen – keeps the stem cells alive whilst producing a material which is stiff enough to hold its shape but soft enough to be squeezed out the nozzle of a 3D printer.
“This builds upon our previous work in which we kept cells alive for weeks at room temperature within a similar hydrogel. Now we have a ready to use bio-ink containing stem cells allowing users to start printing tissues without having to worry about growing the cells separately.”
The scientists, including first author and PhD student Ms Abigail Isaacson from the Institute of Genetic Medicine, Newcastle University, also demonstrated that they could build a cornea to match a patient's unique specifications.
The dimensions of the printed tissue were originally taken from an actual cornea. By scanning a patient's eye, they could use the data to rapidly print a cornea which matched the size and shape. Professor Connon added: “Our 3D printed corneas will now have to undergo further testing and it will be several years before we could be in the position where we are using them for transplants. “However, what we have shown is that it is feasible to print corneas using coordinates taken from a patient eye and that this approach has potential to combat the world-wide shortage.”
–ends-
About Newcastle University:
Newcastle University, UK, is a thriving international community of some 27,750 students from over 130 countries worldwide. As a member of the Russell Group of research intensive universities in the UK, Newcastle has a world-class reputation for research excellence in the fields of medicine, science and engineering, social sciences and the humanities. The Research Excellence Framework 2014 (REF) placed Newcastle University 16th in the UK for Research Power and most of our research (78%) were assessed to be world-leading or internationally excellent. Newcastle University is honored with a Gold Award – in the Teaching Excellence Framework and is known for research-led teaching delivered by dedicated and passionate teachers (TEF).
Newcastle University is also ranked:
– 1st in the UK for Computing Science research impact, 3rd in the UK for Civil Engineering research power and 11th in the UK for Mathematical Sciences research.
– 3rd in the UK for English, and in the top 12 for Geography, Architecture, and Planning, and Cultural and Media Studies research quality
– 4th amongst UK medical schools for Clinical Medicine research intensity
Newcastle University is also among the top 20 universities in the country with the employment rate of 94%.
For more information, please visit Newcastle University, UK website: http://www.ncl.ac.uk/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A council have refused to put up more signs to help motorists avoid breaking the rules after a controversial bus gate netted them £1.7m in fines.
Officials won't say why they snubbed advice intended to make it easier for people to avoid driving through the bus lane.
But Coventry City Council has defended the cash cow interchange, saying that they put up signs in September last year.
Nearly half of the drivers fined for going through the Whittle Arch bus gate on Hales Street in Coventry city centre road are repeat offenders, the Coventry Telegraph has revealed.
(Image: Coventry Telegraph)
The council installed two new early warnings signs in September last year after some drivers challenged the fines and tribunal adjudicators repeatedly ruled that the signs were inadequate.
But the adjudicators suggested that additional road markings and signs on the central reservation were needed to make the restriction clearer and the council has remained silent over why it did not follow that specific advice.
The latest figures show that thousands of drivers have still been fined in the months since the early warnings signs were installed.
An average of 149 drivers a day received penalty charge notices (PCNs) for driving through the bus gate in October, totalling more than 4,600 fines, and a further 91 a day in November - more than 2,500 in the month. In December more than 1,400 PCNs were issued.
This week the council has again emphasised that the signs at Whittle Arch bus gate are legally compliant, and a spokesperson said they hope this will be the end of the issue “once and for all”.
The council did not, however, answer questions put to them by about why the changes suggested by adjudicators were not made.
(Image: Mirrorpix)
A council spokesperson said, “Our signs at the Whittle Arch, and all bus gates in the city, have always complied with the Department of Transport rules. We added two new signs at the Whittle Arch location. These are not required in order for us to enforce – they are above and beyond what is required to alert the motorist.
“No one should be driving through a bus gate claiming not to have seen the signs. In fact what we do know is that almost half, 43 per cent, of people who drove through this bus gate did so more than once in the last ten months alone. This shows that for a higher than expected number of people the signage is irrelevant – if they are still driving through the bus gate after they have received a fine. This bus gate has been operational since June 2011 and is not new.
“We hope this evidence closes the issue on bus gate signage once and for all. The council does, of course, continue to monitor all Coventry's highways and associated issues.”
Whether your team made it to the Super Bowl or not, we have recipes that will score big at any game day party. The guys from ManBQue stopped by to share their favorite foods and to talk about their latest cook book 'Eat Street: The ManBQue Guide to Making Street Food at Home."The original ManBQue book focused on grilling and outdoor cooking. The second book 'Eat Street' focuses on their interpretation of street food from around the globe. They have recipes from Mexico City, Thailand, China, and Europe. U.S. inspired recipes are from Utah, New York, Philly, LA. Austin, and Chicago.For those who like their food grilled, fired, and charred, Eat Street presents 200 recipes for the most delicious food in the world-street food. Starting with the setups, you'll discover how to get the most out of everything from flat-top griddles to outdoor brick ovens to earthenware pots, so you make the best food with the right equipment. Then dig into the greatest hand-held grub from around the world: Philly Cheese Steaks, Pork Belly Gyoza Dumplings, Arepas, and more. Each recipe comes paired with a beer, so you put the right bottle or can with whatever you're cooking.They shared recipes for Philadelphia Cheesesteaks, Lobster Mac N cheese rolls and Ramen Sliders here More on ManBQue: http://manbque.com
Marcus Morris no longer plans to make his Boston Celtics preseason debut Friday night.
Head coach Brad Stevens told reporters Morris, coming off his first day of practice, will actually sit out against the Philadelphia 76ers. The forward had previously stated an intention to suit up.
Based on nuggets coming out of shootaround, the Celtics want to avoid rushing Morris, who admittedly arrived at camp in less than ideal condition.
Stevens says Marcus Morris will not play tonight: "We've got to have him have a little bit of a preseason before we throw him into the fire" -- Boston Celtics (@celtics) October 6, 2017
Stevens adds that he hopes Morris will play Monday or Wednesday. "He went through a hard practice yesterday for the 1st time (in a while)." -- Boston Celtics (@celtics) October 6, 2017
Marcus Morris won't play tonight. Just getting his legs under him. -- Adam Himmelsbach (@AdamHimmelsbach) October 6, 2017
Morris joined the Celtics in time for Thursday's practice after the conclusion of his aggravated assault trial earlier this week. The forward and his brother, Washington Wizards big man Markieff, were found not guilty on all counts.
Marcus said he worked out with a Celtics staffer before court in the mornings, but missed out on the first week and a half of camp, including Boston's preseason opener. Admittedly, he needs to work his way into better shape.
"I'm OK (with conditioning)," Morris said after practice Thursday. "I'd like to be a lot better."
Morris, a candidate to start at power forward, will now have just two preseason games to get acclimated to his new team. The Celtics open the regular season Oct. 17 against LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers.
GUILFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — Guilford police confirm to News 8 that a plane made an emergency landing at the Guilford fairgrounds Monday afternoon.
It is unclear what caused the plane to make the emergency landing. Officers say that the plane was able to land safely at the Guilford fairgrounds, located on Lovers Lane. No one was injured, according to Guilford police.
News 8 has a crew on the way to the scene and will post additional details to this story as soon as they become available.
Is kneeling for the national anthem the "right" way to protest?
Choices Yes No It is disrespectful It is a peaceful way to protest No opinion either way Other (I'll comment my opinion)
NEW YORK — Serena Williams has launched a fashion collection soon after participating in her first major tennis tournament in 16 months, dressed in a black "warrior princess" catsuit, no less.
But don't look for her French Open outfit among the athleisure, office and evening clothes on her new namesake website , the only place her duds are available.
Following collaborations with HSN and Nike, Williams' "Serena" line includes an "S'' motif and comfortable price points.
The letter adorns bralettes and high briefs, along with a T-shirt with the name of her childhood home, Compton.
If you've never heard of England's annual Cheese Rolling Festival, it's where a bunch of people race down a steep hill chasing a nine-pound round of cheese. There are always injuries, but hey, you might win cheese. This year's event went down on Monday and the videos didn't disappoint.
The Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan Sapar Isakov instructed the National Energy Holding Company to consider the issue of dismissal of the First Deputy General Director of Electric Stations JSC Berdibek Borkoyev and the Director of Bishkek Heating and Power Plant Omurkul uulu Nurlan.
Management of Electric Stations JSC relieved Omurkul uulu Nurlan of his post.
Earlier, Electric Stations JSC reported that Omurkul uulu Nurlan was suspended from work till end of investigation. Criminal case was initiated under Article 316 (Negligence) of the Criminal Code of the Kyrgyz Republic on the fact of Bishkek HPP breakdown.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Victor Lindelof has completed his £30million move to Manchester United .
The Sweden defender arrived at United's AON Training Complex on Wednesday to undergo a medical and finalise his move from Portuguese side Benfica.
United confirmed a deal has been struck to sign Lindelof, who will become boss Jose Mourinho's first signing of the summer.
The 22-year-old centre-back has agreed a four-year deal with United, with the option for a further year.
(Photo: Man Utd via Getty)
(Photo: Daily Mirror/Andy Stenning)
(Photo: Daily Mirror/Andy Stenning)
Jose Mourinho said: "Victor is a very talented young player, who has a great future ahead of him at United.
"Our season last year showed us that we need options and quality to add depth to the squad and Victor is the first to join us this summer. I know that our fantastic group of players will welcome him as one of us."
The Swede added: "I am thrilled to be joining Manchester United. I have enjoyed my time at Benfica enormously and I have learned a lot there.
(Photo: manutd.com)
"But I'm looking forward to playing in the Premier League at Old Trafford and for Jose Mourinho. I'm keen to get started and make my contribution to the team's efforts to win more trophies."
Benfica posted a video of Lindelof's highlights at the Stadium of Light on social media on Tuesday as they bid farewell to the defender, along with the caption: "The best of luck, Victor Lindelof!"
Lindelof has been on international duty for the last 10 days, playing in Sweden's 2-1 win over France on Friday night.
He sat out the 1-1 friendly draw with Norway on Tuesday evening.
George Herbert Cordner didn't technically exist. The government had no record of him ever being born, attending school, enlisting in the military or getting a driver's license.
George Herbert Cordner (a.k.a. Reginald William Cordner) posing on a boulder in British Columbia during the Second World War. George on an Alaskan cruise ship in 1985. Taken by his daughter, Georgina Cordner.
But he did live. He was my grandfather. When he was born, 100 years ago this year, it was common for mothers to deliver children at home. In most cases, following the newborn's arrival, the parents would choose a name and the father would go to the hospital to register the birth. This was supposed to be the case for George and his six siblings; each one was born to Anne and Edward Cordner in Toronto at their Spadina Rd. home. The pair were known to disagree often, but Edward dutifully took care of the paperwork regardless. Time marched on. The family moved to Montrose Ave. near Christie Pits, the siblings went to high school near High Park and eventually found jobs in the city. Having a more relaxed system bureaucracy at the time, they never had to prove their identity.
Article Continued Below
That was, until George applied for a Canadian passport in 1969. Things took a turn and for the first time he questioned his existence. He went to the passport office and handed over his driver's licence for proof of identification, but was met with confusion. George Herbert didn't appear in their government records. He tried Herbert George for good measure. No luck. He was gobsmacked. He was more than 50 years old, had served in the military, married, started a family and had an established career at Massey Ferguson, but he officially didn't exist. There was one Cordner on record matching his birth date though — Reginald William Cordner. George had just uncovered his actual name. George Herbert, having lived most of his life thinking he had been named after the famous Welsh poet, was legally Reginald William. He shared his discovery with his siblings and similar results unfolded: Gladys was Violet. Eileen was Daisy. The others also uncovered alternative names, but no remaining relatives remember what they are, and the lack of a legitimate paper trail makes family trees a difficult process.
What came next for George was the tricky part. He needed to prove he was who he said he was to get a passport. It's not as though he could reach into his wallet and show his proof of identification since it had the wrong name. Same for his school records, military enlistments, and so on. To validate his identity to the government, he asked his closest friend for a character reference. After a few drafts that dripped with jokes and sarcasm, his friend complied. George was officially recognized by the government for the first time in his 50s. At this point, his father, my great-grandfather, had long since died. There was nobody to answer the burning question: Why the change in names?
Article Continued Below
George and his siblings — now well into adulthood — queried their mom. Did she know anything about this? What were his motives? But she was as unaware as they were. It was at a celebration of what would have been George's 100th birthday that my mom — George's daughter — recounted “the strange case of the secret names.” I was surprised I had never heard it until that point. For a family with no lack of strange stories, this one ranked high on the list. As I tried to rationalize it, what struck me most was the longevity of the lie and the mystery of the true rationale behind it. Without any leads, I came up with two theories: The first is that my great-grandfather, in a noncustomary fashion for the time, didn't go directly to the hospital, but dropped by the pub. After a few hours drinking, not wanting to upset my great-grandmother, he would register the birth names as best as he could remember and head home. The second — and more likely, since forgetting all seven birth names seems improbable — is out of spite. Being unlikely to agree, Edward would smile and nod when picking names. But once left unsupervised, he provided the hospital with the names he preferred, hence the seven strangers in the system. And so my great-grandfather's naming mystery simmers down to a somewhat appropriately poetic story: a man named after a poet, who never really knew his name.
Adidas dug through its archives for its new shoes. Called the Yung 1, the shoe takes some obvious cues from the sneaker archetype that is dominating footwear: the "dad shoe."
About the Author: Dan Soko
Dan Soko is a short story author and web content editor. He has work appearing or forthcoming in over a dozen venues, including GhanaScoop, Nigeria Daily News and CapitalBay. When he's not frightening strangers with his post and writing, he's most likely frightening his wife Mimi and their two mischievous cats: Buttons and Snaps. You can visit him at www.ghananation.com/author/webby.
Tseshaht First Nation hosted its biennial Baby Welcoming on March 17, split between Maht Mahs and the adjacent Longhouse.
Moms (or grandmas or aunties) were invited to bring their babies for an introduction to Tseshaht culture, according to co-host Debbie Frank.
"This is moms coming here today to welcome their children into the Tseshaht community,” Frank said. “We will be making cedar headbands and drums. The drums will be a gift given to the baby – the dads will be making these drums to be given as a gift. And we will have the Protection Ceremony in the Longhouse."
Frank said it is critical for children to learn and practice their culture and heritage.
"This cultural event is part of their identity as a baby – the first stages of their life,” she said. “And the spiritual welcome is significant to their early years.”
Justin Dorward, a Southern Region wellness worker with Quu'asa, said baby welcomings were traditionally done in individual households. Now, partly in order to revive the practice, it has become more of a community event.
"It is us looking back to our old ways and embracing those things that make our communities stronger,” he said.
As part of his wellness work, Dorward employs traditional practices, such as brushings, to help the healing process.
"I always have my tools – my cultural gear – ready," he said.
Haahuupayak instructor Trevor Little said while it is important to consider the cultural significance of traditional events like baby welcomings, he believes it is more important to experience the gut reaction.
"I'm sure there is an exact reason for the coordinators to put these events together. But me, being there, it's more to feel it than to know it,” he said. “The feeling you get is 'support from birth.' It's about extended family, supporting the children. The songs, the standing behind them. It's a really good way to start, because some families don't actually get a chance to see that support.”
Little noted that with past wrongs, such as the residential schools and the Sixties Scoop currently gaining a lot of attention, Canada is seeing a strong resurgence of Indigenous culture.
"I think the public has to get ready for bigger and bigger things, with us regaining our culture. I feel confident in saying we are still in 'beginning' stages."
Little said he must be careful not to minimize the efforts of the great leaders of the past.
"Every generation had their own fight. The only reason we are able to fight ours is because of the work that was done before us."
But that being said, the healing feels like it is growing stronger than Canada's Indigenous Peoples reclaim their culture, Little said. So it is important to introduce children to their heritage as soon as possible. And that is what a Baby Welcoming is all about.
Gail K Gus has worked in prevention and intervention for the past 19 years.
In the most basic sense, Gus said the welcoming is a chance to introduce new parents to Jordan's Principle, to ensure they are able to access basic services.
"It's also about fathers having the opportunity to state their intention of what their role is going to be for their child," she explained, adding that this is critical in a system that, in the past, has put barriers between fathers and their children.
Gus said she likes to emphasize diversity in these sorts of events.
"I do pink, blue and white, because whoever your child develops into as they get older – should they be transgender, for example – I want people to encourage their child to be who they want to be in life,” she said.
Gus said it is critical for parents to be able, first to recognize, then to celebrate, the passages in their childrens' lives.
“You need to celebrate passages all the time,” she said. “When they go to kindergarden, it's a passage; when they go to daycare, it's a passage. So it's learning about how to celebrate the good things."
As part of his participation, Doug Sam helped his grandson Alex create a drum, using a traditional tool – a rock – to hammer a punch through a tanned deer hide drum skin. Gaining confidence quickly, Alex completed the circle of holes, and then began threading them with woven cedar bark, to put an even tension on the skin.
Sam said it is important to do simple things like making eye contact with your children, even at the youngest ages. And he believes even babies experience that thrill that flows from an authentic cultural ceremony.
"Even at this age, they will remember that feeling,” he said.
Dawn Foxcroft and partner Martin Vliegenthart brought son Rhodes, who is nine and a half months old. Foxcroft said giving Rhodes a cultural identity is a priority. That means reinforcing her own skills, she explained.
"Right now, I am learning language myself. And I am trying to use all the language I know with Rhodes," she said. "We talk about food, and going to bed – the simple stuff.
"I am able to make sentences,” continued Foxcroft. “I have been an adult language learner for a number of years. It is important for me to be using as much language as I can around him."
In his opening address, Little reminded attendees that, “This day is about our young ones."
He then called for a moment of silence for lost loved ones.
The first order of business was to divide participants into the two tasks at hand: "moms" braiding headbands with cedar strands and "dads" making drums. In some cases, Little noted, it is not always possible to have both parents at hand, so stand-ins are always acceptable.
Dorward explained the sequence of the ceremonies to come, which would include the cedar rope ceremony. Gus noted there would be a gift bag for each mom and child.
"And throughout the day, we will share Lullaby stories," Lena Ross added.
Ross noted that she had recently attended a Baby Welcoming in Bella Bella, where the chiefs brought in the children, held aloft.
"They kept saying over and over, 'These are our children. These are our treasures'," she said.
Little said it is critical to provide children with (appropriate) high-energy experiences.
“Babies feed off that energy. We are here welcoming them, and giving them that beautiful energy... those old teachings,” he said. "We honour our grandparents, and our hearts go out to our ancestors looking down on us. So much of what we do comes from our ancestors. We must open ourselves up to our ancestors, so our spirits will be guided.”
After the opening remarks and craft activities, Lena Ross led the moms and babies in a procession to the Longhouse for more songs and the Protection Ceremony. As part of the ceremony, Dorward brushed the moms and babies with eagle feathers. But it was the traditional rope ceremony that best symbolized the goals of parenting, he explained.
With parents and guests seated in a wide circle around the fire pit, Dorward conducted a braided cedar rope from hand to hand, until it completed a circle (actually, he did have to call a halt and quickly splice in an extra length of rope).
That rope is made of thin braided cedar strips, which allow for much greater strength and flexibility than a single thick strip. There is a lesson in that, he explained.
"We can be pulled in many different directions, and we can eventually break," he said. "But if you strap yourselves to your loved ones – to your community and your family – we surround ourselves and we become strong and tight. These ropes are what we used in whaling. They are strong enough to bring a whale in. And that is the strength our communities still need to this day."
A 2018 deadline applies to public ditches, such as man made ones.
Even if landowners cannot meet the Nov. 1 deadline, if they can show they have a plan to comply with the buffer law they can be granted an extension until July 1.
Although the overall compliance rate looks high, areas with the most row crops show lower rates.
A soil and water resources agency map shows many counties in the west and south — where cropping is heaviest — have less than 80 percent compliance. Some counties with the most row crops have compliance less than 70 percent.
The buffer law was championed by Gov. Mark Dayton, who launched the effort as a way to clean Minnesota's water. Buffers, or alternative practices allowed by Jaschke's agency, filter out sediment and pollutants flowing off cropland.
Many farmers objected to Dayton's announcement, saying it came without him consulting with them. Their complaining resulted in 2016 changes to the law passed a year earlier.
Even with their complaints, many farmers already had installed buffers.
"Farmers grumble a little bit in my neighborhood, but at the end of the day they do the right thing," said Agriculture Commissioner Dave Frederickson of Murdock. "We have an obligation, we are a headwaters state."
Of 530,000 parcels of land across the state, 30,000 still must be brought into compliance with the law, state officials said.
About 60 percent of the parcels fall under this year's deadline, and the rest must have buffers or approved alternatives next year.
Land falling under this year's law must have buffers averaging 50 feet wide, with a 30-food minimum. Next year's public ditch provision requires 16½-foot buffers.
Farmers may use buffer strips for hay or to graze animals.
Jaschke said the state is providing farmers with $8 million worth of aid. He said buffer strips cost about $300 an acre to plant.
Local governments, such as soil and water conservation districts, also are receiving some state aid to administer the program.
Where buffers are not needed or not practical, Jaschke said that his agency is working with farmers on alternative practices.
For instance, if a berm protects a body of water from getting pollution from most of a land parcel, a farmer may be allowed to install a water filtration system in areas where water flows from the berm into a water body.
Assistant Commissioner Sarah Strommen of the Department of Natural Resources said her agency received 4,500 comments about the map showing where buffers are needed, often farmers disputing 1980s data used to draw up the map. She said nearly 3,000 changes have been made to the map, although some farmers still may not agree with data used compile it.
Frederickson said the 2-year-old Minnesota Agriculture Water Certification Program is one way farmers can fulfill the buffer law requirements. The program certifies that farms meet existing pollution-control rules for 10 years, even if rules change.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British ticket holder has won the EuroMillions jackpot of £121.3m.
Andy Carter, senior winners' advisor at the National Lottery, said: "Wow – what a night for UK EuroMillions players.
"A single ticket-holder has banked the entire £121.3million jackpot and immediately becomes the third biggest winner this country has ever seen.
"Players are urged to check their tickets and, rest assured, we have plenty of champagne on ice ready to help The National Lottery's newest multi-millionaire celebrate."
The winning main EuroMillions numbers are: 20, 23, 28, 30, 44
The winning EuroMillions Lucky Star numbers are: 03, 07
Colin and Chris Weir, husband and wife, from Largs in Ayrshire, are the biggest ever UK winners, scooping some £161m.
They said they were "tickled pink" after becoming Europe's biggest lottery winners in July 2011.
(Image: PA)
What happens if you win the EuroMillions and National Lottery - and the one trick that helps keep it secret
Married for 30 years and with two children, the life-changing £161 million prize catapulted them into the Sunday Times Rich List above Beatle Ringo Starr and Sir Tom Jones.
Psychiatric nurse Mrs Weir, 55, and Mr Weir, 64, who worked as a TV cameraman and studio manager for 23 years, bought a mansion - which they later upgraded to a bigger one nearby - and a fleet of cars.
Children's nurse Gillian, 40, and record seller Adrian, 41, from Haverhill, Suffolk, said they planned to fork out on luxury holidays and cars when they won in August 2012.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: PA)
Adrian joked to his wife that he had not bought any tickets, before she told him to be quiet as she was trying to get their children to sleep as he celebrated the win.
The pair split 15 months after their win, although they remained on good terms. Adrian moved into a grade-II listed Georgian mansion with 90 acres of land - which came in handy when he staged the Cambridge Rock Festival in the grounds to save it from being cancelled.
And now there is an unknown person or family in third place.
John Parke Selected In 21st Round Of MLB Draft By Chicago White Sox
COLUMBIA, S.C. (USC SID) – South Carolina junior left-hander John Parke was selected in the 21st round of the 2017 MLB Draft by the Chicago White Sox. Parke is the sixth Gamecock to be selected in this year's draft and the third to be drafted by the White Sox.
Parke went 2-1 in 14 appearances with a pair of starts and struck out 21 batters in 25.1 innings pitched.
Parke joins five others in being taken so far in this year's draft. Clarke Schmidt went in the first round to the Yankees with Wil Crowe a second round selection by the Nationals, Tyler Johnson going in the 5th round to the White Sox, Alex Destino also going to the White Sox in the 14th round and Josh Reagan a 15th round pick by the Oakland A's.
JOHN PARKE BIO
2017 – Went 2-1 with an 8.53 ERA in 14 appearances with a pair of starts, allowed 24 earned runs on 35 hits in 25.1 innings with nine walks to 21 strikeouts … Earned win in relief in 4-3 victory vs. Presbyterian (5/9); allowed just one run on two hits in a career-high 4.1 innings with no walks and four strikeouts … Allowed four runs on five hits in 3.1 innings in 9-4 loss to Kentucky (4/30) … One perfect inning of relief in 7-5 loss at Florida (4/22) … Two scoreless innings of relief to earn a win in 4-2 victory vs. Alabama (3/26) … 1.2 scoreless innings with two strikeouts in 3-0 win vs. Charleston Southern (3/22) … Earned first career save in 12-5 win vs. The Citadel (3/7) allowing just one run on three hits with two walks and a career-high five strikeouts.
2016 – Medical redshirt after recovering from Tommy John surgery.
2015 – Made 11 relief appearances, went 2-0 with a 0.00 ERA in 9.1 innings, allowed two runs, both unearned on five hits with 10 walks and 10 strikeouts, opponents hit .152 against him … 3.1 scoreless innings with just two hits allowed, two walks and three strikeouts to earn a win in 17-0 victory over USC Upstate (5/12) … Struck out lone batter he faced in 7-5 loss to Winthrop (3/17) … 0.2 perfect innings of relief in 7-0 win over Miami (Ohio) (3/7) … First career win with 1.1 scoreless innings of relief with a strikeout in 10-4 win over Charleston Southern (3/3) … One scoreless inning of relief with two strikeouts in 7-0 loss vs. Clemson (3/2) … 1.1 innings of relief with two strikeouts in 11-4 loss at Clemson (2/27) … 0.1 scoreless with a strikeout in 6-3 loss to College of Charleston (2/13).
2014 – Four relief appearances with 3.1 innings pitched … Struck out lone batter he faced in 8-0 win vs. Davidson (4/22) … One scoreless inning of relief with a strikeout in 9-2 win at Furman (4/8) … One perfect inning of relief in 13-0 win over Brown (3/8) … One scoreless inning of relief in 7-1 win over Stetson (3/4).
Members Of U.S. Army Special Forces Killed In Niger Three Green Berets were killed and two more were wounded in an ambush in Niger. The U.S. special forces are in Niger to train local forces in anti-terrorism tactics to battle violent extremists.
Members Of U.S. Army Special Forces Killed In Niger Africa Members Of U.S. Army Special Forces Killed In Niger Members Of U.S. Army Special Forces Killed In Niger Audio will be available later today. Three Green Berets were killed and two more were wounded in an ambush in Niger. The U.S. special forces are in Niger to train local forces in anti-terrorism tactics to battle violent extremists. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Golf: No doubting Thomas would be a pro golfer
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 10:00 IST
Aug 13, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Justin Thomas reacts after making his putt on the 18th hole to win PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Michael Madrid-USA TODAY Sports
By Andrew Both
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Justin Thomas was seven-years-old when he attended the 2000 PGA Championship in his hometown of Louisville, Kentucky.
Watching Tiger Woods win, Thomas was hooked.
“That's the first memory of me in terms of being live and being at a golf tournament,” he said after being crowned winner of the same championship 17 years later on Sunday.
“I wanted to play professional golf. Any kid, no matter whatever they are doing, they think they are going to be the best at it and they want to be the best.
“Being at the PGA that week, and hearing the roars and what Tiger was producing out there, I mean that week was the reason that I (decided) this is really what I want to do.”
Thomas was in the clubhouse when Woods made a crucial putt at the 72nd hole to force a playoff.
“(Woods) hit the putt on camera and before it can fall in on TV I can just hear the roar outside. I'll never forget that.
“It's crazy to be sitting up here now after watching him do his champion's toast and hoping that I'm there one day – and I am.”
Thomas said his parents did not push him to play golf, but he always loved it and never seriously considered pursuing another sport.
“I was lucky to have supportive parents,” he said. “It was set up for golf to be in my bones. They are the reason I'm sitting up here right now.”
Thomas, one of the longest hitters on tour, has a powerful swing and a deft short-game touch.
He started this season with a bang, winning three times early and looked set to make a challenge in the majors.
After finished tied for 22nd at the Masters, fading in the final round at the U.S. Open to tie for ninth and missing the cut at the British Open, Thomas finally made the major breakthrough on Sunday.
It does not seem so long ago that he was playing for a dollar against his father.
“I was at a young age but I wanted to beat him and he wanted to beat me,” Thomas said.
“It was pretty heated out there. I'm a pretty sore loser and did not handle it well when I lost and had to give up a dollar.
“It probably came from my dad's pocket anyway.”
(Editing by Peter Rutherford)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two Australian girls caught up in an acid attack in a nightclub which left 12 people injured have shared shocking images of their burns.
Isobella Fraser, 22, who works as a model in Sydney, was visiting her sister Prue, 20, who works in London as a nanny when they were caught up in the horrific ordeal.
It is believed a chemical substance was sprayed on multiple people after a dispute broke out between two groups at Mangle in Dalston, East London.
Isobella and Prue admitted themselves to hospitals and revealed they suffered burns on their arms and back.
(Photo: Isobella Fraser)
(Photo: Isobella Fraser)
(Photo: Isobella Fraser)
(Photo: Isobella Fraser)
The substance was so corrosive it even burnt through a black shirt one of the girl's was wearing.
Around 400 people had to be evacuated from the Bank Holiday event as police and ambulance services rushed to the scene.
Scotland Yard said two men, both aged in their 20s, are in a serious but stable condition.
(Photo: Twitter/PhieMcKenzie)
Police said they believe two groups of clubbers were embroiled in a row inside the nightclub which led to a man throwing the unidentified substance, thought to be acidic.
A manager of a bar near the club told his staff there had been an acid attack which had left a girl burnt on her face and arm.
Another witness described seeing a group pouring bottles of water over what appeared to be an injured friend.
An LFB spokeswoman said: "The only information that we have is that it was an unknown corrosive substance thrown within the nightclub.
"It was identified by a PH paper test as a strong acidic substance."
Twelve people had symptoms attributed to a corrosive substance, she added.
Video footage showed the venue's corridors filled with clubbers wrapped in medical blankets, while fire officers filed past.
(Photo: Twitter/PhieMcKenzie)
Many of the people were sat on blankets which had been laid on the concrete floor and outside, the road was packed with ambulances.
Nima Navazande, 30, works at the nearby Martello Hall bar, and took over from his manager for the morning shift.
He said: "My manager told me that around one o'clock they heard somebody saying that someone was attacked with liquid acid and there was a girl who had half her arm and her face burnt.
(Photo: LAS_HART/Twitter)
"My manager had to lock the doors and stay indoors to make sure nobody got in or out."
Another witness, who asked not to be named, said: "In the party in the basement there were girls making noise, I saw their friends ordering a bottle of water - they were putting it on them, they were splashing it on their faces."
The witness added: "It was like a war - the police were everywhere."
Another tweeted: "Scary scenes in Hackney tonight, we have heard reports of chemical burns of people in the building here."
Police remained at the scene on Monday morning but no arrests have been made.
A tenant at flats overlooking the nightclub described confusion as crowds of revellers were moved up the street after the venue was evacuated.
The woman, who asked not to be named, said: "It happened so fast, they rushed people out, I thought it was a stabbing because all I heard was 'move, move, move - move out of the area'."
She added: "The area was closed off and police vans were there.
"The security were telling the crowd to go down that way - people on this side were waiting to go home but they couldn't go home because the road was closed.
"People were confused."
(Photo: LAS_HART/Twitter)
A Scotland Yard spokesman said: "Detectives are investigating an incident in which acid was sprayed inside licensed premises in Hackney.
"Police were called to the premises in Sidworth Street, Dalston, at approximately 1:10am on Monday after members of the public complained of a noxious substance.
"London Fire Brigade and London Ambulance Service were also called to the scene.
"A total of 12 people attended hospital suffering burns. Ten people were taken by ambulance and two people presented themselves at an east London hospital.
"Two of those injured; both men aged in their 20s - remain in a serious but stable condition. The others were treated for minor injuries.
"Around 200 people had left the premises before the arrival of emergency services, with a further 400 evacuated from the building."
Police added there was no evidence to suggest the attack was gang-related.
It comes just over a week after a father, mother and their two-year-old son suffered burns after a strong acid was thrown on them in nearby Islington, north London.
No arrests have been made following the assault on the family at the junction of Copenhagen Street and Caledonian Road at around 1.05pm on April 8.
Carol Sue (Loyd) Bingham, 63, of Indianapolis, ind., passed away on the early morning of Saturday, May 19, in Indianapolis after a long illness.
Services will be at 6 p.m., Friday, May 25, at Grinsteiner Funeral Home, with visitation from 4 p.m., until the time of service Friday at the funeral home.
More details will be published in next week's Tompkinsville News.
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
In all high school games, there are good losses and bad losses.
Foran High baseball coach Garrett Walker was okay on Monday with the Lions' 2-1 Southern Connecticut Conference home-field loss to Shelton High.
Trailing 2-1 heading to the bottom of the seventh inning at Ken Walker Field, Foran loaded the bases with the tying run 90 feet away and the game-ending run 180 feet away. The Lions were unable to finish and saw their record drop to 1-6.
“It's a tough loss, there's no question about it,” Walker said. “But I'm proud of these guys today because they competed. We gave ourselves a chance to win. That hasn't been happening as much as I'd like to see lately.”
Playing their fifth game in six days didn't help either. The Lions were blanked by Branford, 10-0, on Saturday. That came one day after a 10-2 loss to Xavier of Middletown and two days before that, Foran was trimmed by Hamden, 13-6. The Lions had opened last week with an 8-3 victory over Law.
Scoring runs has been the team's biggest problem. In five of the six losses, Foran scored two runs or fewer.
“Offensively, we've struggled,” Walker said.
Each team left 10 runners on base in Monday's game, where Shelton struck first by grabbing a 1-0 lead in the first on just one hit.
David Wells led off the game with an infield single and was promptly sacrificed to second by Will Ciccone. Wells moved up a base to third on David Payne's wild pitch and scored when Matt Hunyadi lifted a sacrifice fly to left.
Over the next four innings, the Gaels, who now have a 3-3 record, left two runners on base in each frame.
Foran drew even in the fifth on Justin Lanese's RBI single to left, which scored Tyler Heenan who had drawn a walk off of Shelton's starting and winning pitcher Carl Kopf.
Following the hit, Kopf was removed and replaced by Jafar Vohra, who quickly ended Foran's rally by getting Payne on a fly ball to left. The Lions left runners on second and third.
Payne, who struck out six and walked six while throwing 118 pitches, worked into the sixth.
He allowed a walk to Ryan Murphy to start the inning before Murphy stole second. After getting the next two batters, Arlind Hima and Nick Walsh out, Wells came up and lined a single to left, scoring Murphy with the go-ahead run.
After walking Ciccone, Walker took Payne out, replacing him with Cody Hennequin who struck out Hunyadi swinging to end the inning.
Mark Wootten began the seventh with an infield single and Brett Huber moved him up a base with a sacrifice. It was the last batter Vohra would face.
Shelton coach Scott Gura brought in Trey McLoughlin, who walked Justin Lanese on a 3-2 pitch. Payne struck out swinging, creating the second out, but Angelo Simonelli drew a walk to load the bases. That brought John Licktieg to the plate. He had singled in his last at-bat, but this time he took a called third strike ending the game.
“We're not a big offensive team,” Gura said. “So we're going to have to win games like this with pitching. Carl worked well enough to get the win. Trey only needed 25 pitches, which is what he normally throws on an off-day. Our problem today was we squandered way too many scoring chances. It's been an alarming pattern so far this year.”
Foran collected seven hits off of Shelton's three pitchers. Wootten and Kevin Lanese had two hits each.
The Challenges Of Regulating Autonomous Weapons
Autonomous weapons, capable of operating independent of human control, are being developed by several countries around the world. NPR's Kelly McEvers talks with Paul Scharre of the Center for a New American Security about this new military technology and the challenges of regulating it.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
The United Nations recently held meetings in Geneva to debate an emerging and controversial technology - autonomous weapons. These are more than just drones. They're weapons that in theory could operate independently of human control. Opponents call them killer robots. Here to make sense of this new area of military technology is Paul Scharre of the Center for a New American Security. He helped create the U.S. military guidelines on these weapons when he worked at the Pentagon. Welcome.
PAUL SCHARRE: Thanks. Thanks for having me.
MCEVERS: OK, so who is building these weapons?
SCHARRE: Well, a number of countries around the world - China, Russia, the United States, the United Kingdom and France - are all developing ever more sophisticated robotic weapons of a variety of fashions. Now, no one has come out and said clearly that they plan to cross the line to go to fully autonomous weapons, but the technology they're building is definitely going to come right up to that line. And none of these countries have also said that they wouldn't cross it either.
MCEVERS: I wonder if you could give us some examples of what kinds of autonomous weapons already exist. And then what are some things that are in development?
SCHARRE: Sure. There are a number of countries - at least 30 by our count - that actually have automated defensive systems that have a higher level of automation where a human turns them on. And then if there's an incoming threat, they can automatically fire to defend the ship or land base that they're defending.
MCEVERS: The Iron Dome, defense systems in South Korea - those are the few examples that come to mind of those kinds of things, yeah.
SCHARRE: That's right - systems like the U.S. Aegis Combat System, the U.S. Patriot.
MCEVERS: Those aren't fully autonomous, right? I mean, those would be semi-autonomous.
SCHARRE: Well, autonomous weapons that get authorized in supervised modes. So they're using very limited defensive settings. People are supervising their operation in real-time, and they can intervene to stop it. And they even have physical access, so if the machine started to simply go haywire, they could actually just physically unplug it.
MCEVERS: So give us an example of something that's, you know - could be developed in the future.
SCHARRE: So there are at least a half dozen countries building prototypes of combat drones that are designed to go into enemy territory. These would be things that would be stealth combat aircraft designed to penetrate into enemy territory where their communications might be jammed.
So that raises the question, well, what does it do when it's outside of human control? Is it allowed to strike pre-planned targets much like cruise missiles today? Or if it comes across a new target and a human hadn't programmed in guidance, does it strike it on its own according to some programming? And really, countries haven't made those decisions yet.
MCEVERS: As I said, the United Nations has been meeting about this. There's a group called The Future of Life Institute which opposes the development of these types of weapons. And they released a short video that was presented at one of these U.N. meetings. Let's just hear a quick clip of that.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED MAN: Trained as a team, they can penetrate buildings, cars, trains, evade people, bullets - pretty much any countermeasure. They cannot be stopped.
(APPLAUSE)
MCEVERS: Sounds pretty scary what he's saying. Like, how far away are we from having what he is describing?
SCHARRE: So I think there are a couple different aspects of what he's describing that are really important to kind of separate out. A small drone that might be able to navigate up to a specific person, say, with facial recognition technology and then attack them - that technology all exist today. Now, cobbling that together with the autonomy to target people all on its own - no one's done that yet, but that exists.
Now, the next step, leaping to something that has no countermeasure that can't be stopped - that's science fiction. That just doesn't exist in the real world. All military technologies have some countermeasures. And defense analysts look at the balance between the offense and defense.
MCEVERS: There's a failsafe, yeah. We talked about these United Nations meetings. I mean, did the U.N. come to any meaningful decisions about regulating these things?
SCHARRE: No. They've been meeting for several years now, and they agreed to meet again. Diplomacy moves pretty slowly. And that is a real challenge on this topic, where the pace of technology is really outstripping the pace of diplomacy.
MCEVERS: Paul Scharre - his book "Army Of None" on autonomous weapons comes out this spring. Thank you very much.
SCHARRE: Thank you.
(SOUNDBITE OF STRFKR SONG, "RAWNALD GREGORY ERICKSON THE SECOND")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Who said What: Managers, players and pundits react to PSG's 4-0 win against Barcelona
Reactions from the football fraternity as Barcelona lose 4-0 to PSG in the first leg of the last 16 round in the Champions League.
@soumalyamoitra7 by Soumalya Moitra News 15 Feb 2017, 10:45 IST
Luis Enrique during the post-match press conference
Paris Saint-Germain pulled up a massive shock win against 2015 Champions League winners Barcelona, as they ran out victors, putting four past the Catalan giants in the first leg of the Champions League last 16 round. Angel di Maria put a man of the match performance as he scored two sublime goals, the first from a free-kick just outside the box and the second a left footed curling effort into the top corner.
Edinson Cavani and Julian Draxler rounded up the scoring, against a very poor Barcelona team who just failed to turn up on the night. Barcelona's star attacking trio of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar all had very poor games, as they couldn't cope with the physical style of PSG's midfield trio of Marco Verratti, Blaise Matuidi and Adrien Rabiot.
Barcelona's manager, Luis Enrique was clearly disappointed and agitated after the heavy loss, to the extent that he told TV3 Reporter Jordi Grau, “I don't like your tone and I would have liked the same treatment all the times we have won that I am getting tonight when we haven't”, as he walked away from the interviewer.
Jordi Grau, stuck in a tight spot, conceded, “[Luis Enrique] seems to be very upset, but we can't understand what he means when he talks about our treatment since in victory, almost always, and when the team loses, our treatment toward him has been consistent”.
But, Luis Enrique appeared for the post-match press conference, where he admitted, “It was a disastrous game”. Not mincing his words, he continued, “It's not difficult to explain. PSG were better than us from the start. They overcame our pressure and they were better with and without the ball. We were clearly inferior”.
Taking the pressure off his players, he added, “I'm responsible for this so don't look for anyone else to blame. The responsibility falls solely on me. These players have given us a lot of joy.” However the former Roma manager wasn't ready to concede defeat yet, “There's half the tie to go and I won't lose hope, even though it will take a heroic comeback, why not dream?”
Sergio Busquets who played at the heart of the Barcelona midfield blamed tactics, and the physical fitness of the Catalan giants. He said, “They (PSG) played much better than us and they overwhelmed us physically, they pressed us harder, they were much better tactically than us, they had a plan and executed it how they wanted to and they were the better team”.
Pundit and former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand was especially critical of Lionel Messi's performance during the tie, “His reaction there was poor, all night he was sloppy. He looked dejected and bereft of ideas, [but] he's human.”
Fellow England international and former Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard also agreed with the assessment, adding “He showed zero effort. No reaction all night”.
On the flip side, under pressure PSG manager Unai Emery was obviously happy, but is not taking anything for granted in the second leg, “It is a great motivation to play against Barcelona, and a difficulty," he told Marca. "The game leaves a good taste in the mouth, but you have to be careful because we have 90 minutes to play”.
Asked if PSG will change their tactics for the second leg, he promptly replied, “I'm very cautious with the next game. We have to try to continue in the same way.”
Birthday boy Edinson Cavani who scored the fourth goal for the side from France, speaking after the game reiterated the speciality of the occasion, “For four seasons I have been in Paris and we have played some great matches, but this victory has a rather special flavour because of the meaning of this day for me”.
Centre-back Marquinhos who kept Luis Suarez in his pocket all throughout the tie spoke about the team's tactics, but is not taking anything for granted in the second leg of the tie, “We are a young but solid team. We knew how to squeeze them, how to be well positioned with the low block, and we knew how to take advantage of our opportunities. Everyone is super happy.
“We must keep our feet on the ground, work well and prepare because we know that Barça are a formidable team at Camp Nou. We will have to suffer, defend and attack together”, he continued.
On Twitter, journalists, former players and pundits got into the act as well.
Thought PSG might get something out of the tie tonight but this feels like a shift in the tectonic plates. Great goals by the way! #PSGFCB — JohnDykes (@JohnDykesUK) February 14, 2017
Of course, Arsenal finished ahead of PSG in their group... Bavaria better be afraid... #PSGFCB — Mattias Karén (@MattiasKaren) February 14, 2017
After a string of losses, the Denver Broncos finally broke into the win column for the first time since October.
For those that wanted the Broncos to tank for a better draft pick, this win might have felt like nails on a chalkboard, but it is hard to deny that watching a full 60 minutes of unblemished football was a breath of fresh air for any Denver fan.
Let's look at four takeaways from the Broncos' win over the Jets.
1. After an eight-week drought, the Broncos finally played competent football
The Broncos are far from even sniffing the playoffs, but after eight straight losses, it is invigorating to watch Denver put together a complete game on all sides of the ball.
Maybe the offense didn't always look fabulous, and the defense at one point was facing mediocrity at its finest when Bryce Petty played in relief of Josh McCown, but a win is a win.
Trevor Siemian took on the game manager role flawlessly by completing 19-of-31 passes for 200 yards and a touchdown. The rushing attack with C.J. Anderson and Devontae Booker had 70 yards rushing and avoided any turnovers. The No Fly Zone looked like its old self by holding the Jets to 119 yards from scrimmage.
Maybe tanking would have been smarter in the long run, but watching the Broncos was more enjoyable than snagging your buddies HBO GO password.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Broncos Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
2. The Broncos defense was stifling in its first shutout of the year
The No Fly Zone has been under the weather in 2017.
Denver may be a top-five defense from a yardage perspective, but it ranks second to last in giving up an average 26.3 points per game and has been truly miserable in forcing turnovers. But, all things seemed to click against the Jets. The Broncos shut out New York's explosive offense, holding it to 60 yards passing and 59 yards rushing.
McCown's injury played a major part in the Jets' struggle to move the ball, but Denver looked truly stifling against everyone New York put on the field. Many thought this defense might be crashing back down to Earth, but we saw first hand what it can be when it doesn't have an offense putting them in burdensome situations.
This defense is still incredible and put together a near flawless afternoon.
3. Fan favorite Andy Janovich rushed for his first touchdown of the year
FOI NA FORÇA!! O fullback @AndyJanovich entra na endzone na marra e marca o TOUCHDOWN para ampliar a vantagem!! #NFLBrasil #NYJvsDEN #BroncosCountry pic.twitter.com/nRHLQlGiuK — NFL Brasil (@NFLBrasil) December 10, 2017
The fullback position is a dying breed and has been for years.
That is why every time we witness a fullback dive get six points, it should be celebrated. Broncos fullback Andy Janovich's touchdown against the Jets deserves a celebration.
The Broncos are about as abysmal in short-yardage situations as their record shows, but on a third-and-goal from the New York one-yard line, Denver gave Janovich the opportunity to pound it in on the fullback dive, and he did not disappoint.
Janovich's touchdown gave the Broncos a 20-0 lead to top off Denver's domination. There is no reason the Broncos shouldn't have been doing this all year.
4. Demaryius Thomas played like a beast
WR @DemaryiusT received a game ball for moving into 2nd place in Broncos history in rec TDs & yds. He's 1-of-6 WRs to rank in NFL's top-10 in both categories since rookie yr in '10. pic.twitter.com/tRiQPtVRQX — Patrick Smyth (@psmyth12) December 11, 2017
With Emmanuel Sanders nearly a complete no-show, Denver relied on a masterful game by leading receiver Demaryius Thomas to beat the Jets. Thomas pulled in eight catches for 93 yards and a touchdown and was far and away the only threat Denver put forth on offense.
With all the struggles on the Broncos' offense, Thomas has been a shining spot by hauling in five receptions or more in 10-of-13 games played, averaging 11.3 yards per catch.
With a legitimate quarterback in Denver, Kirk Cousins or Eli Manning perhaps, Thomas could get back to putting up the Star Wars numbers of his past.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wayne Sleep came fifth on Celebrity Big Brother this evening.
The former ballet dancer, 69, lost out to housemates Ann Widdecombe, Shane Lynch, Courtney Act and Jess Impiazzi.
After quickly hugging his husband, he jumped back down to chat to host Emma Willis.
Speaking about how it felt getting to the final, he gushed about it being "fantastic".
"Gosh, it's massive," he said. "You just feel this wealth of love from people voting."
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
(Image: Lia Toby/WENN.com)
Wayne insisted that he never thought that he would have won it and reminded viewers that it was the "year of the woman".
He also admitted that the experience had been nothing like what he had expected and thought it would be awful.
But he added: "Not awful but i thought it would be a real challenge... it was a real test and I came through it."
Wayne insisted that it had been a "learning curve" for him and the "experience of a lifetime"
"And to be with mature people as well, I didn't expect it," he said.
AP: What does the new album mean to you?
Jean: "The best way to explain this album is, it seems like a tastemakers album right now. The buzz of it is building internally and in the underground. That's a beautiful thing. It's been like nine years, I think, since the last one. I think the theme of the entire album is, I call it global gumbo. The playlist is a playlist of unity and of culture. We could go from hip hop to gospel to salsa. I guess it's the thing that reminds us of unification through music. That's how I know that an album will be called Carnival and this will be the final chapter."
AP: The last one? Is there more music ahead?
Jean: "There was an album done before Carnival, which is still not finished. That album was the winter of Stockholm when I got back from Haiti. Me and Avicii got together and the energy was so strong that we ended up doing 20, 25 songs. It's not finished yet. We were just talking about it on the phone the other day before he went to Burning Man. He was like, 'Yo, it would be a shame for the world not to hear this.' I was like, 'Yo, they're going to hear it. We've got to figure it out.' As we move to the future, there are like two albums past this Carnival."
AP: What does mean to be held in such reverence by today's generation of hip-hop stars?
Jean: "This album celebrates the younger producers like Supah Mario, the Knocks, the Wavy Gang. It's sort of the generation movement of this album. When I worked with Santana, you could feel that Wyclef/Fugee generation and the Santana generation merging into one thing."
AP: You worked with your musical heroes. What does it mean after 25 years to be in demand by the new generation?
Jean: "The kids are making records about you. Even "Wild Thoughts" is "Maria, Maria" sampled. So when (DJ) Khaled and them called and was like, yo, you've got to clear the sample for me. A lot of people don't like it. Santana don't clear samples. But I'm from a different generation. The idea of digging into the crates and discovery was very important. I'm always like, when I sampled the Bee Gees, my whole thing was, don't forget if you take a piece of someone's material, they're going to listen it. When I create something in my brain, it's my creation. So who the hell is going to make it better? That's always in my brain. That's why a lot of times it's hard to clear it. But "Wild Thoughts" is amazing. Khaled's amazing, Rihanna's amazing. We called Santana and it was a 1-2-3."
AP: Do you think you're going to run for president of Haiti again?
Jean: "We ran for the urgency. I felt like the government was absent. We don't feel like government is absent right now. As the country moves forward, as a social entrepreneur, I'm hoping in the future there's some form of a school we can build. As a social entrepreneur, my true position with Haiti is to work with the private sector and help to bring jobs."
AP: How much do you try and get political when you play live music?
Jean: "It's the same as Jimi Hendrix. It's like Vietnam. We knew what was going on in Vietnam. At the end of the day, Dylan and different people had different ways that they're going to protest. For me, I stand in a position of Jimi Hendrix. I would play the "Star Spangled Banner" and parts of it would be distorted. It's self expression to just let people know that maybe there are parts of America right now through rhetoric that's distorted. But don't forget who we are."
AP: What's up with The Fugees?
Jean: "You know Paul McCartney, where's the Beatles? It's still a beautiful thing that people care and that's the most important thing."
The Associated Press
AS revealed by Fairfax Agricultural Media, Primary Producers South Australia (PPSA) has confirmed it will join the National Farmers' Federation (NFF).
The announcement was made at the inaugural GROWING SA 2017 conference in Hahndorf on Friday near Adelaide involving the state's grain and livestock industries.
PPSA formed about four years ago replacing the South Australian Farmers Federation (SAFF) under a new commodity focussed structure and hasn't been an NFF member, in that time.
But in welcoming the group, NFF President Fiona Simson said SA was an agricultural powerhouse and significant contributor to national farm production.
“In 2015/2016 Australian agricultural production reached $60 billion, of this, South Australia contributed $18.6 billion,” she said.
“South Australia punches above its weight in livestock production, dairy, broadacre grain, horticulture, seafood and viticulture.
“We are delighted to have PPSA agree to join the NFF and we look forward to working with farmers in this fantastic state to enhance our national voice.”
Ms Simson said the inclusion of South Australia would provide another dimension to NFF's representation of the interests of Australian farmers.
“South Australian farmers, like their counterparts across the country, will benefit from NFF's nationally coordinated and unified representation on issues such as trade; infrastructure; biosecurity and pest management; tax and regulation; and energy and environment,” she said.
“With PPSA now a member of the NFF, we will have a clearer, direct contact line with South Australian farmers, to better understand the issues impacting them and the solutions they need to further increase production and profitability.”
PPSA Executive Chairman Rob Kerin said NFF membership would provide South Australian farmers with enhanced input into important national policy discussions.
"After 10 years of SA farmers not having a direct link with the NFF, we are looking forward to bringing SA's perspective on important issues, such as market access, freight efficiency and biosecurity, to the national table,” Mr Kerin said.
“PPSA's aim has always been to be the united voice of SA's primary production industries, and we believe representation on the national stage, through NFF, will help us to get a better deal for SA farmers.
"We look forward to working with the NFF team and thank President Fiona Simson and CEO Tony Mahar for their enthusiasm in having South Australia back at the table."
Once a Gamecocks commit, now with the Vols; Thompson enrolls at Tennessee
(WOLO) – Former Gamecocks commit Bryce Thompson will still be playing football in the SEC, competing within the East division.
The four-star athlete is now enrolled in summer courses at the University of Tennessee. The news was first reported by the Tennessee chapter of Rivals.com, Volquest.com.
Thompson helped lead both Ben Lippen and Dutch Fork to state titles on both sides of the field in 2016 and 2017 respectively, working as a running back and defensive back.
The most outstanding player for the South Carolina team in the 2017 Shrine Bowl, Thompson committed to the Gamecocks on December 13. He was likey to play defensive back in Travaris Robinson's scheme, but didn't end up inking his letter of intent with USC on National Signing Day in February.
Thompson's recruiting process has changed over the last two years. He first gave his verbal to Virginia Tech in July 2016, before then decommitting last summer, eventually deciding on Carolina at the end of the Silver Foxes run to the 5A SCHSL title to conclude his senior season.
The Midlands product rushed for 1,369 yards and 29 touchdowns while catching 44 passes for 630 yards and six scores in 2017.
What are the #Vols getting in @thommybry, @dfhsfootball's 4-star ATH who's now enrolled in summer courses at Tennessee? A lot. Jeremy Pruitt is bringing the former #Gamecocks commit to Rocky Top. @abc_columbia pic.twitter.com/v3e7Zn2ZyP — Greg Brzozowski (@GregABCColumbia) May 30, 2018
He attended the Volunteers spring game on April 21. Tennessee summer courses begin Thursday.
USC filled the final spot in their signing class for 2018 earlier in May, adding another defensive back within their conference when Texas A&M grad transfer Nick Harvey agreed to complete his collegiate career in Columbia.
Four months after a former history professor at the University of Toronto's Massey College resigned in disgrace after making a racist comment to a Black student, the college has officially nixed the controversial title at the centre of the incident. The college's governing board Thursday unanimously approved replacing the title “Master” with “Principal” for the head of the college. Massey College follows in the footsteps of institutions such as Harvard, Princeton and York University in shedding the title of “Master.” Hugh Segal, the leader of the college who will assume the title of “Principal,” praised the work of a college task force struck to rethink the title. Principal, he said “does not imply an authoritarian approach,” but suggests there is one member of the community that is principally responsible as a leader.
Article Continued Below
Members of the community were polled on the title change: 74 per cent agreed, while 19 per cent were opposed. Holocaust scholar and then-senior fellow at Massey, Michael Marrus, in September said “You know this is your master, eh? Do you feel the lash?” to a Black graduate student, when Segal, who then held the title of “Master,” asked to join them for lunch. The remark was widely perceived as a reference to slavery and sparked swift and scathing backlash from members of the Massey College community.
(TorbakHopper/Flickr)
0 Share with your friends Submit
Court requests Trump administration request to delay new policy.
CNN
A federal judge on Monday declined the U.S. government's request to put on hold an order allowing transgender individuals to join the military beginning in January. The decision means transgender people will be free to enlist in the new year.
“In sum, having carefully considered all of the evidence before it, the Court is not persuaded that Defendants will be irreparably injured by allowing the accession of transgender individuals into the military beginning on January 1, 2018,” Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly said in her ruling.
The Pentagon said it was already following a court ruling last week and is “planning to prepare to access transgender persons,” as of January 1, U.S. Army Maj. Dave Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesman said in a written statement following the ruling.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said the Department of Justice is “reviewing the legal options” on court ruling on transgender Americans serving in the military.
“They are simply complying with a court order and preparing to implement a previous policy to remain in compliance. The Department of Justice is currently reviewing the legal options to ensure that the President's directive can be implemented,” Sanders said.
Shannon Minter, legal director for the National Center for Lesbian Rights, said the Trump administration's claim that the military is unprepared to allow trans recruits after more than a year of preparation is “not credible.”
“The military has studied this issue extensively and determined that permitting qualified transgender people to enlist and serve will only strengthen our nation's armed forces,” Minter said. “This administration's claim that allowing transgender people to enlist will lessen military preparedness is contradicted by the military's own conclusions.”
Jennifer Levi, transgender rights project director for GLAD, said it's time for the military “to stop stalling and move forward.”
“The military has had nearly a year and a half to be ready to implement an enlistment policy its own leaders created and adopted,” Levi said. “High-ranking military leaders who oversaw training when the military made the first changes to transgender service policies have said the military is ready to accept transgender enlistees. This administration needs to stop creating fake problems and get on with it.”
Last week the Pentagon said it had established a panel of experts to propose recommendations on the issue of accepting transgender recruits following a series of ruling in federal court regarding the administration's policy to prohibit transgender recruits.
“The Deputy Secretary of Defense and Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, supported by a panel of experts, will propose consideration recommendations supported by appropriate evidence and information for the accession of transgender persons into the military,” Eastburn said in a written statement last week.
That came just as the Justice Department asked a federal judge last Wednesday to put on hold her order requiring the military to begin allowing transgender recruits on January 1, while the department appealed her ruling to a higher court.
So far, two federal judges have blocked key provisions of President Donald Trump's prohibition on transgender individuals serving in the military, which was announced in August.
Last month, Marvin Garbis in Maryland wrote in a 53-page ruling that currently serving transgender service members were “already suffering harmful consequences” and prohibited the administration “from blocking those challenging the ban from completing their medically necessary surgeries.”
Another federal judge had blocked portions of Trump's directive in October.
A sworn statement from Lernes J. Hebert, the acting deputy assistant secretary of defense for military personnel policy said ordering the policy to go into effect January 1 “will impose extraordinary burdens on the Department.”
He argued in part that if the department were compelled to accept transgender recruits, “applicants may not receive the appropriate medical and administrative accession screening necessary for someone with a complex medical condition. As a result, an applicant may be accessed for military service who is not physically or psychologically equipped to engage in combat/operational service.”
In his statement last week, Eastburn said the panel, which would operate per the recent court rulings, will issue findings based on “multiple considerations including military effectiveness and lethality, budgetary constraints, and applicable law.”
Shortly after Trump's directive in August, Defense Secretary James Mattis said he would work with a panel of experts to recommend how the military should put the administration's transgender guidance into effect.
Once that panel concludes, Mattis will provide his advice to Trump on how to implement his policy direction. That new policy is expected to be announced by March.
Comments
ANN ARBOR, Mich. — Michigan's Charles Matthews is removing his name from consideration for the NBA draft.
Matthews announced his decision Wednesday, saying he's learned a lot through this process. He says he'll now focus on finishing his education at Michigan and leading his teammates to more success next season. The Wolverines made it to the NCAA title game this year before losing to Villanova .
Michigan already lost big man Moe Wagner, who left early for the draft. Matthews declared for the draft without hiring an agent, but he's now withdrawing.
The 6-foot-6 Matthews averaged 13 points a game this past season, his first with the Wolverines after transferring from Kentucky and sitting out a season. He has two seasons of college eligibility remaining.
SPRINGFIELD -- The Massachusetts Department of Transportation is negotiating with Connecticut on plans to extend the CTrail commuter train service north from Springfield to Holyoke, Northampton and Greenfield on the Knowledge Corridor rail line Massachusetts already owns.
The plan is to run trains further north up the Pioneer Valley sometime this year, said Astrid Glynn, the MassDOT rail and transit administrator, Friday at a question-and-answer session organized by U.S. Rep. Richard E. Neal, D-Springfield.
Seventeen state lawmakers from Hampden, Hampshire, Franklin, Berkshire and Worcester counties -- Neal's congressional district -- joined Neal and Springfield Mayor Domenic Sarno for the meeting in unfinished office space available for lease on an upper floor of Union Station. Topics also included highways, broadband internet and -- thanks to a question from state Sen. Stanley Rosenberg, D-Amherst -- how the state plans to pay for it all.
Neal hosted the meeting just as talk heats up in Washington of a new $1.5 trillon federal transportation and infrastructure plan.
Connecticut plans to start in CTrail service in May, Glynn said. CTrail will serve New Haven, Hartford and Springfield as well as parts in between. The service, as planned now, would stop in Springfield.
"We want people in Greenfield to be able to travel to New York City and back in a day," Glynn said. "We also want to be able to connect the people in Greenfield with jobs that are in Connecticut."
Enhanced north-south passenger service is a priority in Massachusetts' new Draft State Rail plan. A MassDOT public information meeting on the rail plan conducted just after Neal's session drew about 200 people to the Pioneer Valley Planning Commission about one block away.
The rail plan also prioritizes a possible Berkshire flyer train from New York City to Pittsfield and freight improvements including heavier rail on the New England Central line. Ends of that line in Vermont and in Connecticut can handle heavier, fully loaded freight cars that save shippers money.
State Rep. Todd M. Smola, R-Palmer, praised the efforts. The New England Central runs through his district.
But he also asked about the possibility of adding more exits on the Massachusetts Turnpike, a project made easier by the all-electronic tolling system in place since October 2016. He said the Interstate 90 / Interstate 84 interchange in Sturbridge backs up and a few other exits in places such as Warren or Brimfield would help.
Also, there is the ongoing effort to get an exit on the Pike between Westfield and Lee.
Scott Bosworth, MassDOT chief strategy officer, had little to say on the possibility of new highway exits. But the lawmakers thoughts will go into account.
State Rep. Aaron Vega, D-Holyoke, asked about expediting bridge projects. Holyoke, a city of canals, has a lot of small bridges.
Bosworth answered Vega by talking about "bridge bundling," the state's plan to package a number of small bridge projects, many of them in Western Massachusetts, and handing the projects to a private company. The state would then pay for the work after the bridges are done.
Many lawmakers expressed frustration with the lack of high-speed internet in their communities.
Rosenberg asked how the Baker administration plans to raise money to fund transportation projects.
One idea that has been floated is a pay-by-mile plan called VMT (vehicle miles traveled) that some states are experimenting with.
Bosworth told Rosenberg that VMT is still on the table as a possibility, but more research must be done.
After the meeting, Rosenberg said VMT can hurt rural communities where folks travel longer distances. The impact can be offset through the use of zones with different rates or a rebate for rural residents.
"There are rural, western states who are trying to figure this out," he said afterward.
THE mares who fought out the finish of Saturday's Irwin Stakes head first markets for the $1 million Robert Sangster Stakes at Morphettville.
Star Adelaide sprinter Viddora has been marked the $4.50 favourite in Ladbrokes fixed-odds betting for the Group 1 Robert Sangster Stakes (1200m) on May 5, despite being beaten first-up in the Irwin Stakes (1100m) by exciting Perth mare Dainty Tess, who shares the second line of betting with Quilista at $7.
Camera Icon Jockey Damian Lane on Quilista wins the Sapphire Stakes at Randwick. Picture: AAP, Daniel Munoz/AAP
Darren Weir-trained four-year-old Quilista has emerged as a genuine Sangster contender with brilliant wins at her past three starts, including her past two at Group level in Sydney.
“The nominations for the Robert Sangster are packed full of quality and this could be one of the strongest editions of the race in recent memory,” Ladbrokes spokesman Tom Hackett said.
“You just need to look at the quality horses that are priced at double-figure odds in our market to see just how strong this race will be.”
Last year's Blue Diamond winner Catchy, a hard-finishing winner of the Group 2 Arrowfield Sprint at Randwick on April 14, is the only other runner under double figures at $9, while defending Sangster champion Secret Agenda, who ran third in the Irwin, is rated a $13 chance.
There were 32 entries for the Sangster when nominations closed this week, reducing to 20 runners plus four emergencies at final acceptances next Tuesday morning.
Viddora's trainer Lloyd Kennewell said the five-year-old had recovered well from her Irwin run when she received some significant interference at barrier release.
“She had a nice blow after it. She obviously pulled up a little bit big but she's in good order,” Kennewell said.
“There's no point in crying over spilt milk (from the Irwin). We'll take the positives out of it and we'll move on to the big one, which is the one we've been aimed at the whole time.”
Meanwhile, Chris Waller's exciting filly Savacool and Darren Weir's impressive Auraria Stakes winner Sopressa share early favouritism for the $500,000 Schweppes Oaks (2000m), also run at Morphettville on May 5.
Camera Icon Sopressa cruises to victory in the Auraria Stakes at Morphettville. Picture: Supplied, Atkins Photography
There are 30 nominations for the Group 1 Oaks, with the final field of 16 runners and four emergencies also drawn next Tuesday morning.
“Savacool has a similar profile to last year's winner Egg Tart and we expect her to continue to be well-backed, while it was hard not to be impressed with the performance of Sopressa in the Auraria Stakes,” Hackett said.
“Aloisia is something of a wildcard as she has been inconsistent this campaign but her best form would have her right in this contest.”
FEATURE-RACE BETTING
$1M ROBERT SANGSTER STAKES (1200m)
Group 1, Morphettville, Saturday, May 5
$4.50 VIDDORA
$7 Dainty Tess, Quilista
$9 Catchy
$10 Super Cash, Whispering Brook
$12 Missrock
$13 Secret Agenda, Shoals
$15 Cool Passion, Ghisoni, Miss Gunpowder, Tulip
$17 Houtzen, Legless Veuve
$21 Formality, Gogo Grace, Pedrena, Seannie, Zestful
$26 or better others
$500,000 SCHWEPPES OAKS (2000m)
Group 1, Morphettville, Saturday, May 5
$5.50 SAVACOOL, SOPRESSA
$6.50 Aloisia
$8 Velocita
$9 Temple of Bel
$11 Bring Me Roses, Sheezdashing
$13 Earth Angel, Miss Admiration, Pleasuring, Think Bleue
$15 Pretty to Sea, Semari
$18 Belle du Nord, Palaza Vecchio, Pure Scot, Truly Discreet
$26 or better others
*Ladbrokes fixed-odds market
Auston Matthews scores his second goal of the game on New York Islanders goalie Thomas Greiss on Tuesday. Richard Lautens / Toronto Star ) Order this photo Leaf Nazem Kadri celebrates his 21st goal of the season, a personal high, in Tuesday night's blowout win over the Islanders at the ACC. Richard Lautens / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
It may be more than just word play to say “the sky is the limit” for Leafs rookie Auston Matthews. After scoring two more goals in the Leafs' 7-1 wipeout of the New York Islanders Tuesday, Matthews is approaching some rare territory — both among NHL rookies all time, and among top goal scorers in the league this season. Matthews, with those two goals, both in the third period, now has 27 for the season, tops among NHL rookies. Rival Patrik Laine of the Winnipeg Jets is right on Matthews' tail with 26 after scoring a hat trick against the Dallas Stars on Tuesday night. No rookie has scored 40 goals in his debut season since Alex Ovechkin notched 52 in 2005-06. Sidney Crosby potted 39 the same year. Michael Grabner had 34 in 2010-11 and Evgeni Malkin had 33 in 2006-07. Is 40 goals something to look for from Matthews?
Article Continued Below
It's a lofty plateau, but the potential is there to reach it; the 19-year-old needs to score 13 more times during the Leafs' final 27 games. But Matthews — and the rest of the Leafs roster — will quickly intervene in any conversation about personal goals, saying the focus is on team first. Matthews, though, is scoring goals from in close and scoring by driving the net. He's showing the grit, determination, and commitment to winning hockey ingrained in successful veteran players. “He's a good player, it's hard to score in the NHL and he goes to traffic areas . . . that's where he scored tonight,” Leafs coach Mike Babcock said.
For Matthews, the two goals also put him within three of Crosby, who sits atop the league in goals and points, and notched an assist Tuesday night to reach 999 points in his career. This was a goal-fest for the Leafs, who reached seven for the first time this season in an important win over the Islanders. Nazem Kadri had one of two first-period goals to reach a career-high 21. William Nylander, Tyler Bozak and Matt Hunwick and Josh Leivo — each with their first of the season — also scored for Toronto, which won for the third time in nine games. New York, which stormed over the Leafs at home earlier this month, entered the game trailing Toronto by a single point in the standings. They were at the top of a group of six teams chasing Toronto for one of the two wild-card playoff berths in the Eastern Conference. Toronto was in an almost must-win position — beat the Islanders, or slip out of a wild-card berth. The Leafs did the job, too, keeping Islanders' captain John Tavares off the board and rising three points over the New Yorkers in the standings. The Islanders gave the Leafs all they could handle early on — but couldn't solve Leafs goalie Freddie Andersen, who made several highlight-reel saves to keep the Leafs ahead on the scoreboard and earn his 100th career win. Something of a controversial call tightened the score briefly. The Islanders' Jason Chimera scored on a penalty shot at 16:55 of the second to make it 3-1, after Leafs defenceman Matt Hunwick made contact with him on a breakaway. The call sparked a loud round of boos from the home crowd, who felt a light tap on Chimera's gloves from Hunwick hardly warranted a penalty shot. “Good call or bad, we regrouped after that and kept playing,” Matthews said. “Freddie was huge for us, there was a stretch in the first period when they possessed the puck a lot in our zone, and Freddie came up big for us.” The Leafs are expected to start backup goalie Curtis McElhinney Wednesday in Columbus against his old team.
Read more about:
French Open 2018: Ballboy starstruck as Rafael Nadal walks past him, watch video
A ballboy had his fan moment as Nadal walked past him during a changeover in his first round match against Simone Bolelli
Sudeshna Banerjee FEATURED COLUMNIST News 31 May 2018, 00:43 IST 51 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Rafael Nadal in action at Roland Garros in Paris on Tuesday
Imagine getting to see your favourite sportsperson up close. You will be left starstruck and speechless, unable to move. Your eyes will probably pop out and your mind will go blank as you try to process the gravity of that moment.
That is exactly what happened to a ballkid at the French Open 2018 on Monday. At a changeover during Rafael Nadal's first round clash with lucky loser Simone Bolelli, the ballboy was awestruck as the Spaniard walked past him to the chair.
Open mouthed, the ballboy's gaze never left Nadal and that moment has been captured well in a video that has become popular all over social media.
He was probably seeing his hero in flesh and blood from that close a distance for the first time. And that young fellow certainly represents all of us! Any Nadal worshipper, who is lucky enough to get so near to the 16-time Grand Slam champion, won't be reacting anything different.
With Nadal having won 10 titles on Court Philippe-Chatrier and having practically owned Roland Garros for more than a decade, it is not a surprise to see young French kids idolizing the southpaw.
And the World No. 1 is on course to add further to his burgeoning fan following. He is now six wins away from claiming an unprecedented 11th title on the hallowed claycourts of the Parisian Major.
But, for that to happen, Rafa needs to improve his level. He didn't drop a set against Bolelli, but it was a struggle by his lofty standards. He had to save four set points in the third set to carve out a 6-4, 6-3, 7-6(9) win over the Italian in a match that was played over two consecutive days, due to rain.
The defending champion will next take on the World No. 78 Guido Pella of Argentina for a place in the third round.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Duchess of Sussex appears alongside Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson and singer Dua Lipa in Vogue magazine's first ever guide to Britain's 25 most influential and aspirational female figures.
Dubbed Vogue 25, the list is comprised of what the fashion publication says is "an extraordinary cast of leaders defining - and redefining - the way we live now".
But as most lists of these kind do, it's already dividing opinion and is notable for who isn't on it as much as who is.
The Queen, Theresa May and Kate Middleton the most immediately glaring omissions.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: PA)
The handpicked women vary in age from 22 (Lipa) to 73 (Baroness Hale, the President of the Supreme Court), and includes figures from the worlds of politics, the arts, fashion, media and sport, among others.
Following her wedding to Prince Harry on May 19, Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, is hailed as a person who "captured the public imagination like no other this year" by Vogue.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty)
The magazine says that Meghan - "one of the most recognisable women in the world" - has an influence that "stretches far beyond the ceaseless coverage of her style - as a bi-racial campaigning feminist from America, she is helping to forge a new 21st Century identity for the monarchy".
Ms Davidson is praised as a "beacon, thanks to her relatable personality and progressive ideas" among a "sea of old-guard Tories" by the magazine.
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
(Image: PA)
The publication also cites the openly gay politician's "spectacular gains for her party in the last Scottish elections" as a reason for her position on its list.
Lipa, who won two Brit Awards earlier this year after being the first woman to receive five nominations on one night, is described by Vogue as a "culture definer".
"Her hit New Rules, an anthem of female empowerment, laid out a blueprint for modern sex lives and has, to date, had more than a billion views on YouTube," the magazine says.
(Image: H&M)
(Image: REUTERS)
The list also includes Harry Potter author JK Rowling, human rights lawyer Amal Clooney, Black Panther actress Letitia Wright, fashion designer Stella McCartney, artistic director of the Royal Court Vicky Featherstone and models Edie Campbell and Adwoa Aboah.
Music executive and Skepta's manager Grace Ladoja, writer and academic Sinead Burke and Collette Roche, the chief operating officer of Manchester United, also appear.
The feature appears in the July issue of Vogue, on sale on Friday June 8.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: PA)
THE LIST IN FULL, NOT IN ANY ORDER
VANCOUVER—Those released from the Prince George, B.C., jail trying to make their way home to far-flung communities will still be worse off even after a government plan to fill the bus service gap left by Greyhound, say advocates for prisoners. Kamloops-based criminal lawyer Bill Sundhu said buses running twice a week to remote communities from Prince George won't provide the level of service Greyhound did, and the chance of being stranded will still increase for those released from the Prince George Regional Correctional Centre.
Prince George Regional Correctional Centre. ( Philomena Hughes )
Greyhound cut many of its routes in the north of B.C. due to a lack of ridership effective June 1. The cuts will make travel even harder for those convicted of crimes with mandatory minimum sentences requiring people, even those from remote towns, to serve jail time in Prince George for sometimes minor crimes, Sundhu said. “Let's say somebody gets released on a Monday but the bus doesn't leave until Wednesday they're stuck on the streets of Prince George for two days,” Sundhu said. “That potentially causes even more problems.” In the past, Sundhu has argued people convicted of crimes should instead be given conditional sentences they can serve in their communities rather than spend the time and resources transporting them to Prince George.
Article Continued Below
The new service connecting the towns, BC Bus North, is being run through B.C. Transit and is not a permanent measure. The Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure said it will fund it for a year while a solution to transportation service in the north is developed. It will offer two round trips a week from Prince George to Prince Rupert, Valemount, Dawson Creek and Fort St. John. The service will be another in a patchwork of other transportation options in the region, but a reliable permanent solution is still needed, say advocates. They're concerned the lack of transport contributes to released inmates falling back into crime and substance abuse. Many inmates struggle with mental illness or addiction and can end up back in jail if stranded, Sundhu said, and few have any money to purchase food or other necessities. Women are particularly at risk and can end up falling victim to violence on the streets or hitchhiking back to their remote communities dotted across the province's north, Sundhu said.
In Prince George, executive director of the Phoenix Transition Society, Karen Underhill, said the new bus service does little to change the challenges faced by her organization in trying to get women safely back to their homes. The society provides a range of services, including temporary shelter for women just released from jail while they figure out their next move to get home. Underhill said the announcement Tuesday doesn't indicate it will be easier for them to do so.
Article Continued Below
“I honestly don't know what it's going to look like in terms of women getting back to their home communities,” she said. Left to their own devices with no way home, they can end up breaching release conditions and go back to jail, according to Underhill. She has written letters of support to make sure women trying to get back to remote communities can get a ride back through a bus service transporting medical patients to and from Prince George for treatment, but she said it isn't a long-term solution. She fears more women could be tempted to hitchhike home along Highway 16, also known as the Highway of Tears, which is the scene of at least 18 murdered or missing women cases going back to the late '60s. B.C. Solicitor General Mike Farnworth addressed the issue through an emailed statement saying inmates are offered transportation either home or to a safe location, such as a transition centre. The statement didn't say if further measures are being explored. Farnworth's office acknowledge the new BC Bus North plan does not fill all the gaps left by Greyhound's departure. It said other options such as taxi vouchers and pickup services run by some community treatment centres are also available. His office added inmates are given the balance of their trust account upon release, up to $200 in cash. Sundhu said the issues existed even during the time of more frequent service by Greyhound. He said the root of the problem of stranded former inmates is government's overreliance on incarceration and mandatory minimum sentences imposed by federal legislation. Such measures force people to leave their communities to serve sentences at regional centres, sometimes for as little as nine days, upon release it is up to them to find a way home, he said. Jeremy Nuttall is the lead investigative reporter for StarMetro Vancouver. Follow him on Twitter: @Nuttallreports
Read more about:
Canada's main stock index ticked higher at late morning, helped by broad-based gains on the Toronto market led by the health care and technology sectors. The S&P/TSX composite index was up 39.93 points to 16,303.09, after 90 minutes of trading.
The S&P/TSX composite index was up 39.93 points to 16,303.09, after 90 minutes of trading. ( Frank Gunn / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
In New York, Wall Street markets were closed for the U.S. July 4 holiday. The Canadian dollar was trading at 76.01 cents U.S., down from an average value of 76.02 cents U.S. Tuesday. In international trading, the August crude contract was down 14 cents to $74.00 (U.S.) per barrel and the August natural gas contract was down five cents to $2.82 per mmBTU.
Article Continued Below
The August gold contract was up $3.50 to $1,257.00 an ounce and the September copper contract was down seven cents to $2.84 a pound.
Read more about:
THE Government's industrial strategy must include a commitment to devolve powers to the UK's regions, according to the CBI.
The CBI is calling on the Government to appoint an independent commissioner to ensure all regions of the UK have “appropriate” levels of devolution so they can deliver the industrial strategy.
The CBI wants the Government to commit to setting targets that will measure the success of the new strategy, including an assessment of how economic activity is dispersed across the country.
The Government has set out draft plans for its new industrial strategy, which is designed to tackle the UK's long-term productivity gap compared with other major economies.
Carolyn Fairbairn, the CBI Director-General, said: “The UK is at the foothills of extraordinary change, as we look to redefine our role in the world and adapt to rapid technological advances in the workplace.
“A new industrial strategy must aim to make the UK economy the most competitive in the world by 2030. We must build on our leading knowledge base, drive a renaissance in our traditional heartlands of manufacturing, and create a new wave of entrepreneurship by making the UK the easiest place to start and grow a business. By doing this we can raise productivity and improve lives in every community up and down the country.
“This vision should not be created solely by business, nor by Government. It must be created and owned by business, Government and society together. To make this happen, it must be underpinned by a partnership between business and government that is the best in the world, based on trust and shared interest. This will be a significant driver of competitive advantage for the UK, ensuring that planning and execution is coordinated at every stage, and that every investment moves our country and prosperity forward in a way that is fair and sustainable.”
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
Tomorrow is tax day, and many Democrats are fixated on one person's tax returns - President Trump's. Trump has made clear that he does not plan to release his returns, so dozens of lawmakers at the state and local level have introduced bills aimed at forcing him to do it anyway. NPR's Joel Rose reports.
JOEL ROSE, BYLINE: Even the New York City Council has a plan to make President Trump release his tax returns.
COREY JOHNSON: You're making money off the city. The city should know how you're making your money.
ROSE: Corey Johnson represents parts of Manhattan. He's planning to introduce a bill that would require anyone who signs a concession contract with the city and then puts their own name on the business to disclose their personal income taxes. That describes exactly one business in New York City, Trump's golf course in the Bronx.
JOHNSON: Right now Donald Trump's the only person that this would affect.
ROSE: Trump is the first president in 40 years not to release any of his tax returns during the campaign. Now lawmakers in dozens of states have introduced bills that would force him to do so. Several of these bills go by the name Tax Returns Uniformly Made Public, or TRUMP Act. Democratic Representative Kathleen Clyde introduced a version in Ohio.
KATHLEEN CLYDE: It's a pretty uphill battle, but I'll continue to fight it because I think that most Ohioans and most Americans support that information being made public.
ROSE: Nearly three quarters of Americans, according to one poll. But Clyde's bill was pretty much dead on arrival in Ohio's Republican-dominated legislature. Similar bills stand a better chance in state capitols that are controlled by Democrats. California State Senator Mark McGuire (ph) introduced a bill that would require presidential candidates to release their tax returns in order to appear on the ballot in 2020.
MIKE MCGUIRE: Income tax returns provide voters with essential information regarding potential conflicts of interest.
ROSE: But even if these bills can survive the political obstacles, it's not clear how they would hold up in court.
VIKRAM AMAR: It's hard to predict because the Supreme Court hasn't really weighed in that often on what states can do to regulate presidential elections.
ROSE: Vikram Amar is dean of the University of Illinois College of Law. What is clear, he says, is that the Constitution prohibits laws that single out a person or group for punishment.
AMAR: You shouldn't have a rule for Trump only. You know, the Republic is going to be around a lot longer than any one president, and we ought to keep that in mind.
ROSE: Trump said during the campaign that he wouldn't release his tax returns because they're under audit. As president, his federal returns are audited automatically by law. Although that hasn't stopped past presidents from releasing theirs. One tax scholar thinks there might be an easier way to find out more about Trump's finances through his state tax returns.
DANIEL HEMEL: Those returns don't show everything that appears on his federal returns, but they show a lot of the same information.
ROSE: Daniel Hemel teaches law at the University of Chicago. He says New York could change its law to release the state tax returns of a sitting president.
HEMEL: So we'll be able to see what he reports as income, whether he's as rich as he claims to be, whether he's as charitable as he claims to be. And most importantly, we'll see what he's paying the state of New York.
ROSE: That would tell us how any tax reform plan the White House proposes might affect the taxpayer in chief. Joel Rose, NPR News, New York.
(SOUNDBITE OF HINT SONG, "COUNT YOUR BLESSINGS") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
The 2018 MLB Draft is less than a week away, as the event begins on June 4. The Detroit Tigers have essentially been on the clock for months, so here's hoping they've dialed in on a top pick.
With the big day rapidly approaching, here's our latest 2018 MLB mock draft:
1. Detroit Tigers: Casey Mize, RHP, Auburn
The Tigers will get a potential ace here, as Casey Mize has the stuff to dominate at the next level. He sports a mid-90s fastball with a devastating splitter and a rapidly improving mid-80s slider.
Georgia Tech catcher Joey Bart is also a possibility, but right now Mize is the guy here.
2. San Francisco Giants: Joey Bart, C, Georgia Tech
This fits perfectly as the San Francisco Giants select Buster Posey's eventual successor. Bart has a power bat though his hit tool lags behind it a bit right now. He's also an excellent receiver with a good arm. He'll stick behind the plate.
California prep righty Cole Winn is a possibility if the Giants decide to go cheap with their first pick.
3. Philadelphia Phillies: Alec Bohm, 3B, Wichita State
The Philadelphia Phillies need to add pop to their system and Alec Bohm will do just that. Bohm has a great eye and power, which is a fantastic combination.
Florida righty Brady Singer and Oregon State second baseman Nick Madrigal are both in play here.
4. Chicago White Sox: Nick Madrigal, 2B, Oregon State
This could unfold a number of ways, but I think the Chicago White Soxare so enamored with Madrigal's hit tool that they take him off the board at No. 4.
Singer, Bart, South Alabama center fielder Travis Swaggerty and Wisconsin prep outfielder Jarred Kelenic are all in the mix here.
5. Cincinnati Reds: Brady Singer, RHP, Florida
The Cincinnati Reds love Singer, so they get lucky that he falls this far. He entered the year as the consensus top player in the draft but faltered a bit early on.
If Bart somehow drops out of the top four, he could be the pick, as could Madrigal.
The Lackawanna County administration and workers from the office of youth and family services agreed to a new contract — without a strike this time.
Commissioners approved a contract Wednesday that gives the department employees 3 percent raises effective Jan. 1 of each year from 2017 through 2021, and holds monthly health insurance premium contributions as $60 for single workers and $120 for family plans.
At the high end of the pay scale, the deal increases base salaries for workers with titles Caseworker II and Accountant I to $36,521 in 2017, and eventually to $37,721 after five sets of raises.
At the low end of the pay scale, the collective bargaining agreement increases salaries for workers with titles Clerk Typist I, Homemaker Trainee and Clerk I to $24,342 in 2017, and eventually to $25,542 in 2021.
“I believe this contract is reasonable for both sides,” Deputy Director for Human Resources Justin MacGregor told commissioners. “Negotiations were respectful and cordial. They went smoothly, and they were completed relatively quickly. And, I believe part of that is because we managed to restore positive labor relations.”
The approximately 100-member union went on its first strike since 1980 in May 2015, after negotiations with the last administration deadlocked. The strike ended with a contract agreement that gave raises of 2 percent, 3 percent and 2 percent to members for 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively.
Democratic Commissioners Patrick O'Malley and Jerry Notarianni voted yes on the contract; Republican Commissioner Laureen Cummings abstained.
Cummings said her issue wasn't with pay, and she even thinks the department's workers don't make enough money.
“I was in foster care,” she said. “I know the work that you do.”
Instead, Cummings said she took issue with the deal giving members of the union primary and general election days off.
Union representative Matt Balas said the administration actually requested that change to bring the days off in line with other county workers who don't work election day, so members gave up a personal day and their birthdays in exchange.
Balas also described the contract as a fair deal.
“This is a fair agreement, equitable for everybody and does not hurt the taxpayers of this county,” Balas said.
Cummings suggested to increase transparency, the county should post collective bargaining agreements online for 60 days prior to votes in the future to give the public a chance to review the deals and provide input.
Contact the writer:
kwind@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100, x5181;
@kwindTT on Twitter
Cagliari, December 11 - Prosecutors in Cagliari on Monday opened a probe into the death of a man three weeks after he was discharged from hospital. The man, 83, was given a clean bill of health after recovering from a car accident. Prosecutors have ordered the man's body to be exhumed. They are considering manslaughter charges against the driver whose car knocked the pensioner off his bike.
Every week, BIC Magazine will publish the top five articles as a recap for those that missed our top headlines for the week of October 2-6, 2017.
1. Total expects Port Arthur, Texas refinery output to return soon
Total SA expects production soon from its 225,500-barrel-per-day (bpd) Port Arthur, Texas, refinery, which has been shut since an Aug. 30 power outage during Tropical Storm Harvey.
2. Meridian Energy Group making progress on N.D. refinery
Meridian Energy Group Inc. continues to make progress on its new Davis Refinery in North Dakota, which, when complete, will be one of the most modern, efficient and environmentally compliant refineries that has come along in more than 50 years.
3. Matrix Service Co.: Ingenuity and engagement at every level
Just a decade ago, the U.S. was expected to be a primary importer of liquefied natural gas (LNG), and -- except for peak shavers to support periods of short supply -- demand for small scale LNG facilities to support other high-horsepower applications was nearly non-existent.
4. French, Decatur team align for Ascend, culture, community
With over 22 years of experience in the chemicals and polymer industry and a black belt in Six Sigma, Site Director Stephen French is well-suited to serve as "mayor" of Ascend Performance Materials' Decatur, Alabama, facility.
5. Eddy current tube inspections find detects before they become disasters
It's usually not until a power outage that most of us are reminded of how much we enjoy electricity, its simple ease of use, and the countless electronic devices it powers.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Is this spine-tingling moment proof that ghosts really do exist?
A father believes he could have captured the moment a spirit from beyond the grave "moved" a ladder in a "haunted" library.
In the 'alarming' video, paranormal investigator Sean Reynolds is at The Leeds Library, West Yorks, when he hears a series of bangs and knocks before a clock starts to chime.
As dad-of-three Sean, 34, turns the camera to check where the sounds were coming from, the ladder propped against the bookshelves visibly jolts to the left.
Despite being a seasoned ghost hunter, Sean says the encounter 'shook him to the core'.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
Sean, of Liverpool, Merseyside, said: "We headed to The Leeds Library to investigate claims of paranormal happenings going on here.
"Staff have reported books flying off the shelves in the library with no rational explanation. The sound of furniture being moved is also often heard and a mysterious gong like sound has also been heard reverberating around the building.
"With so many claims of paranormal activity and the library appearing to have its own ghost, I could not wait to arrive at the location and start our investigation and filming for our TV series to see if we could capture any of the activity on camera.
"During my investigation of the staff room in the library, I could clearly hear knocks and bangs which started to happen all around me and I was fully expecting a book to fly off a shelf so I pointed my camera in the direction of the sounds.
"I was hoping that I would capture a book moving but what happened next shook me to the core with excitement and fear.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
"I heard a bang and then a chime of a clock and then with my very own eyes and on the camera, a ladder appears to move behind me.
"Knowing that some force was needed to move a ladder, I hoped it was paranormal but at the same time I didn't.
"My heart was pounding. Being in a room on your own and witnessing something like that happen is incredible but also quite alarming and I needed to explore and see what could of caused the ladder to move.
"I couldn't find any plausible reason as to why it had moved. I tried again after reviewing the footage to see if the ladder had slipped in anyway and it had not. I can only put it down to paranormal intervention.
"And together with the banging I had heard, this was a fantastic capture on camera for Ghost Dimension and who knows, maybe it was Vincent Sternberg making himself known and joining my investigation."
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
Paranormal investigator Sean and his partner Rebecca Palmer, 34, were filming at The Leeds Library for their TV series Ghost Dimension.
The couple's research into the history of the library, which opened in 1808, revealed reports of a ghost of former head librarian Vincent Sternberg – dating back to 1844.
Sean said: "The library is said to have its own librarian ghost, which is believed to be Vincent Sternberg, the previous head librarian.
"In 1844, a staff member came face to face with this ghost. James Macalister, who was the current head librarian at the time, was working late when he saw the ghost, who would later be identified as Vincent.
"He described the ghost as 'of a pallid face and dark sunken eye sockets and walked with a shuffling gait'.
"Charles Hargrove a local priest explained to James Macalister that Sternberg had been injured in a gunpowder blast and sustained injuries that matched the description that Macalister had given."
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
Sean's first encounter with the spirit world was when he was 15 and woke in the middle of the night to the ghost of a 'big fella' sat on the end of his bed wearing a lumberjack jacket and stroking his dog.
But the dad didn't explore the paranormal again until he met Rebecca and the couple now live in a cemetery with their three kids.
Sean said: "It all started when I was 15. I remember waking up and my dog Sam was asleep on the end of my bed and when I moved the cover I could see this guy sat stroking him.
"A big ghostly fella and he was wearing a lumberjack jacket. Being a teenager I just pulled the cover over my head and went back to sleep.
"But when I told my mum the next day, she told me it sounded exactly like someone she knew who had died.
"I never stopped believing but I didn't get back into exploring the paranormal properly until I met Rebecca."
Springtime brings excitement to Miami Seaquarium with the return of spring camp. Campers will learn about different kinds of ocean life through this year's theme “Bubbles of Fun.”
The park's spring camp program offers students from kindergarten to high school the opportunity to learn about environmental issues facing our planet including pollution, invasive species, water conservation, habitat destruction, and endangered species.
The weeklong camp includes one marine mammal show a day, at least one animal interaction a day, educational treasure hunts and pirate myths, Salty's Pirate Playground, arts and crafts, interactive games and experiments, and much more. Spring camp will take place Mar. 26-30, for campers' ages 5 to 18 years.
Spring Camp registration is available online at www.miamiseaquarium.com/camp. The pre-registration camp price of $195 applies until Mar. 23 at noon. For additional information or questions, call 305-361-5705, ext. 526 or 207. For more information, visit miamiseaquarium.com.
In Mexico City, A Technicolor Borough Serves Up Tasty Street Foods — On Water
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Zaragoza for NPR Alex Zaragoza for NPR
Erica Abad glides down the ancient canals of Xochimilco, a borough of Mexico City, on her gondola-like boat. Her cousin, Efren Lopez, steers their boat – called a chalupa – by pushing against the canal floor with a long wooden pole, while Abad flips a sizzling quesadilla on a steel griddle fitted into the boat. When a group of people on a nearby barge signal to them to order some quesadillas, Lopez navigates the boat toward them. And Abad places a few more quesadillas on the griddle for their customers. As the quesadillas turn golden, with the cheese inside perfectly melted, she fills them with huitlacoche (a deliciously earthy fungus that grows on organic corn), mushroom, chorizo, squash blossom and other ingredients.
Abad's chalupa is among many selling traditional Mexican street food and drinks, including sopes (a tortilla topped with refried beans, chorizo or ground beef, lettuce, salsa and a grated salty cheese called cotija), roasted corn and pulque (an alcoholic drink made from the fermented sap of an agave plant).
The boats are surrounded by floating chinampas – gardens – with plants and small animals, like frogs, crayfish and salamanders. One chinampa is allegedly haunted, with creepy toy dolls hanging from nooses on trees.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Zaragoza for NPR Alex Zaragoza for NPR
Gliding past these gardens and boats are Xochimilco's famous trajineras – vibrantly painted barges – that are filled with people knocking back micheladas (a spicy drink made with Clamato, beer and lime). Some barges even have mariachi bands playing on them.
This is a typical day in this ancient borough, whose name means "the garden of flowers" in Nahuatl, a language of the Aztecs. The chinampas were built centuries ago by indigenous settlers, who had found themselves surrounded by wetlands and needed to create spaces for growing plants like cactus, bougainvillea, bonsai and dahlias. So, they made floating gardens with tree branches, soil and mud, and tied them to juniper trees on the banks, to hold them in place. Over the years, the older gardens sank and new ones were on top of them. Today, the chinampas are no longer tethered to the banks. They look like little floating islands with plants, houses and other buildings on them.
toggle caption Alex Zaragoza for NPR
The canals, which once helped transport goods from Xochimilco to other places, have evolved into a popular day trip destination in the last century. This borough's history, beauty and a continuing campaign to protect the place from deterioration led UNESCO to declare it a World Heritage Site in 1987.
Locals and tourists visit to enjoy the scrumptious street foods and alcohol, with the colorful sights and sounds all around. Lined up along the concrete loading dock is a long line of trajineras, with bright, swirly shapes and floral patterns painted on them. Their colors and designs have been an unchanging part of the boats for hundreds of years, reflecting the indigenous roots of the culture here. The trajinera have modern names these days – like Fernanda, Beatriz and Shakira.
A newlywed couple, their wedding guests and a mariachi band dressed in white, board a trajinera with "nuestra boda" ("our wedding") spelled out in roses on an arched metal covering that shades the seated passengers. They drink and dance on their way to their reception, passing barges with a bachelorette party and a family enjoying lunch.
toggle caption Alex Zaragoza for NPR
You can spend an hour or four making your way down the long canals and experience a visual and aural symphony. There's music everywhere. There are mariachi bands for hire. Or you can simply enjoy the Latin pop or club jams by rapper DMX blaring from rented stereos on passing trajineras. Dancing and singing at the top of your lungs are encouraged.
As you float down the canals that once were inhabited by the Aztec and other indigenous communities, you're treated to the smell of frying oil from boats selling quesadillas or the steam from boats selling elote (roasted corn smothered in butter, crema, cotija cheese, lime and hot sauce). And when you're hungry, the boats will feed you and ply you with beer.
The street food here is special – made with local ingredients deeply embedded in Mexico's history. For example, the huitlacoche fungus goes back to the Aztecs, who gave it its somewhat unappetizing name, which means 'raven's excrement.' Food vendors take pride in the quality and home-cooked taste of their food. Lopez says all their quesadilla fillings are slow and patiently cooked at home before bringing it to her chalupa.
And here in Xochimilco, you can enjoy these delicacies in a setting unlike anywhere in the world.
About 13,000 refugees living in Ayn Issa camp of Northern Raqqa are suffering from drinking water shortages amid high temperatures.
Since the beginning of the summer, each person in tent in the camp has allocation of 25 liters of water a day so that the displaced do not suffer while they are getting water.
Despite the availability of 25 liters of water per person in the camp, the displaced complain that this percentage does not cover their daily needs of drinking and washing.
The refugees demand the concerned authorities and the camp's administration to provide them water and distribute them to all the tanks at a good rate to cover their daily needs.
SMM Syria has already reported that civilians in SDF-held territories of Deir Ezzor province suffer from a lack of drinking water and that the lack of safe and sterile water leads to the spread of cholera in Deir Ezzor province.
ENTERTAINMENT
BTS wins Top Social Artist at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards, held at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, US on May 21. (Billboard)
K-pop megastar BTS once again proved its global popularity, snagging the international artist prize at the 2017 Teen Choice Awards held in the US.The seven-member act was announced the winner of the Choice International Artist Award on Sunday, local time, at the ceremony which took place at Galen Center in Los Angeles.The category included four K-pop nominees, including EXO, Seventeen and Monsta X, and Mexican group CD9 and Latin pop group CNCO.BTS has become the second K-pop group to win the Choice International Award, following Super Junior in 2015.BTS was not present at the event.After the award show's broadcast, some fans expressed discontent online with the fleeting mention given to the K-pop group.The Teen Choice Awards, hosted by broadcasting network FOX, awards popular figures in music, film, television, sports and fashion chosen by viewers aged 13 to 19.Other winners included Harry Styles for Choice Male Artist, Ariana Grande for Choice Female Artist and Fifth Harmony for Choice Music Group.In May, BTS became the first K-pop act to be voted the Top Social Artist at the Billboard Music Awards.BTS is set to return in September with a new project titled “Love Yourself.”BTS, short for Bangtan Boys, debuted in 2013 and has risen to international popularity. The group's recent releases include a remake of K-pop icon Seo Taiji and Boys' “Come Back Home” and the tracks “Blood, Sweat & Tears” and “Spring Day,” included in the group's second studio album “Wings.”By Rumy Doo (doo@heraldcorp.com)
HOUSTON -- Chris Sale is unlikely to pitch on three-days rest in a potential ALDS Game 4 vs. the Astros at Fenway Park on Monday.
"100 pitches thrown yesterday, I would think he's probably Game 5 availability first," Red Sox manager John Farrell said. "So that would be my thought initially."
The Red Sox ace allowed seven runs, all earned, nine hits (three homers) and one walk while striking out six in Game 1 here yesterday. The Astros routed the Red Sox 8-2 at Minute Maid Park.
"I'm not squelching it but based on what we're seeing throughout the month, we've got to factor all that in," Farrell said.
Sale has allowed seven homers in his past two starts. He struggled down the stretch with a 4.09 ERA in his final 11 regular season starts dating back to Aug. 1.
Farrell again explained why he brought Sale back out for the sixth inning in Game 1 after the lefty allowed five runs in the first five innings.
Sale was at 89 pitches through 5 innings. He allowed the first two runners to reach in the sixth and threw 11 extra pitches without recording an out before being removed.
"We're in a three-run game and the sixth inning is the one we're focusing on," Farrell said. "And the fact that we're in a spot where wanting to stay left-handed through that part of the lineup. By no means are we out of that game. So to go away from a spot in the lineup where you want to be left-handed for four days from now, I felt like it was important to try to address that inning vs. four days from now."
Although Somizi has admitted that he's in a relationship‚ he has been very careful not to reveal who the mystery man in his life is.
But over the weekend‚ he gave fans a glimpse of bae‚ posting a picture of the two of them standing in the road with the sun setting behind them.
Somizi has previously said that he would like someone to look after him for a change and that he would like more children.
The comments section on the picture was filled with congratulatory messages and more speculation over who has managed to capture Somizi's heart.
New Panthers number one Chris Harris hopes to cap a hectic spell of racing with another British title.
Harris faces five meetings in as many days as he chases success on four different fronts.
His hectic spell begins today (Thursday) with a World Championship semi-final qualifier in Germany.
The 34 year-old needs a top-seven finish at Olching to advance to the SGP Challenge and keep his hopes alive of qualifying for a 10th campaign at the sport's highest level.
Harris then dashes back to the UK to race for Panthers in their SGB Championship KO Cup clash against Scunthorpe tomorrow (Friday), before setting off for a Saturday engagement at La Reole in France, where he competes in the second round of the World Long Track Championship.
Harris will be swiftly back on these shores again for Panthers' home league clash against Sheffield on Sunday before setting his sights on a fourth national title when competing in the British Final on Monday.
And he will head to the National Speedway Stadium in Manchester with high hopes of challenging for the crown.
“I'd love to be British champion again, but it is going to be a really tough meeting,” said Harris. “Everyone seems to like the new Belle Vue track and there will be a lot of people who believe they can win it.
“I've not been there yet this year so that might count as a disadvantage for me, but I'll be giving it everything. I'm feeling good and the bikes are working well.
“It would be a great honour to be on top of the podium again especially as it is 10 years since my first British title.
“That meeting comes at the end of a really busy spell for me and that's just the way I like. Hopefully I can get through to the SGP Challenge, do well in the Long Track and have a couple more good meetings for Panthers before I get to the British Final.”
Harris, who also won the British title in 2009 and 2010, was pleased with a 12-point home debut for Panthers as they beat Berwick 54-38 in the SGB Championship last Sunday.
He reeled off victories in his opening three races before adding a third in heat 13 and a second in the finale.
“I'm looking to be in double-figures in every meeting so 12 points wasn't a bad start,” added Harris. “I'm confident I can be scoring like that on a regular basis and it gives me something to build on.”
Harris has been named in the 10-man Great Britain squad ahead of the World Cup early next month. He was not part of the side that won silver medals last year, but did help his country to a bronze in 2006.
Panthers will also be represented by Paul Starke in the British Final on Monday.
Starke has been snapped up by SGB Premiership side Poole this week, but Panthers retain priority over his services in the event of fixture clashes.
Brady's MVP collection grew Saturday, as he added to the awards he won in the 2007 and 2010 seasons. He is also a four-time Super Bowl MVP, and he has put any debate about the best quarterback in the history of the league to rest. He plays in his eighth Super Bowl here Sunday as the Patriots face the Philadelphia Eagles.
MINNEAPOLIS—On the night before Tom Brady seeks his sixth Super Bowl title as quarterback of the New England Patriots, he added to his legendary status by winning his third career NFL MVP award at age 40.
This award is based on regular season considerations only, and Brady spent this season putting to rest any notion that his production would drop off once he reached the wrong side of 40. He played in all 16 games and threw for 4,577 yards while amassing 32 touchdown passes to go with only eight interceptions.
The Patriots are seeking their second straight Super Bowl victory and third in four years. They are one year removed from overcoming a 28-3 deficit to beat the Atlanta Falcons in overtime in a memorable Super Bowl in Houston.
“I haven't thought much about the game last year and I haven't thought about it much in a long time,” Brady said during the week. “I mean, that was a great win. But we've got another one coming up. That's where my focus has been. I don't think about legacy. I've never thought about that. I think my motivation just comes from me just trying to be the best I can be for this team. . . . And I know what my goals are. I know what our team's goals are. And we've got to go out and try to figure out how to play our best game of the year if we're going to win this game.”
It was 16 years ago that the Patriots beat the St. Louis Rams in New Orleans as shock-the-world underdogs for their first Super Bowl triumph. Then, Brady was not far removed from being a skinny sixth-round draft choice out of Michigan, although he disputed in recent days the lore that he'd told Patriots owner Robert Kraft at the time that selecting him would be the best decision the organization ever made.
“What I believe I said was, ‘You'll never regret picking me,' “ Brady said. “I think I was just excited to be a part of the Patriots.”
Injured Patriots wide receiver Julian Edelman accepted the award on Brady's behalf.
Elsewhere at the NFL Awards, it was a good night for the Los Angeles Rams with Sean McVay named coach of the year, defensive tackle Aaron Donald named defensive player of the year and running back Todd Gurley named offensive player of the year. The New Orleans Saints swept the rookie awards, as running back Alvin Kamara was named offensive rookie of the year and cornerback Marshon Lattimore was named defensive rookie of the year.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain is bracing for its coldest night of the year as travel chaos continues in the wake of a massive 'snow bomb' that caused severe disruption across the country.
The temperature could plummet to -15C in some places under clear skies on Monday night as an Arctic freeze lingers for several more days.
That would be Sunday's low of -11.6C in Chillingham Barns, Northumberland.
Settled snow has turned to treacherous ice and caused disruption on roads and railways, with hundreds of schools closed, thousands of homes without power and flights delayed or cancelled.
The Met Office has extended its yellow weather warnings for snow and ice to cover vast swathes of the country, including London and the South East, much of the Midlands, Northern Ireland and Wales, as well as the eastern coast of England and northern and western Scotland.
See how your area could be affected below.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Evening Gazette)
(Image: SWNS.com)
Heavy snow still lying on the ground, particularly around the Hereford area, has disrupted services on West Midlands Railway and Great Western Railway, while London Northwestern Railway trains to Milton Keynes from London have been delayed or cancelled.
Emergency services warned motorists to drive with caution, even on motorways, with icy slush on the M40 between junctions two and three causing a van to flip over following a collision with two other cars.
Met Office spokesman Grahame Madge said: "We are not expecting too much more in terms of fresh snowfall and the risk now transfers to ice.
"We have got fairly widespread clear skies, which will bring temperatures down and where there is lying snow, that creates an ice risk."
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: Daniel Morgan / SWNS.com)
(Image: AFP)
He said a weather front coming in from France would affect the east coast and South East, bringing with it wintry showers, and possibly snow, but he added it would be "nothing like what we've seen already".
Kenton Keithly, 65, of Woodland, California, was stranded in Newcastle after his connecting flight to Heathrow was cancelled on Sunday and he must wait until Tuesday to return to San Francisco.
He said: "Speaking with other passengers in the line last night, we all agreed that BA has learned nothing from seven years ago and Heathrow have failed to address the issue of having enough de-icers to cope with demand when needed.
"Britain obviously doesn't do well in winter. Everything breaks down."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
A Heathrow spokesman apologised for the continued disruption and said: "Flights at Heathrow are disrupted today due to crew and aircraft being out of position following yesterday's weather.
"Before coming to the airport, passengers must check their flight status with their airline. If the status of your flight is cancelled, please do not travel to the airport, keep updated via the airline's website.
"The safety and comfort of our passengers is always our first priority and we are working closely with our airlines to ensure affected passengers are looked after.
"We apologise to those whose travel has been impacted and regret the inconveniences that have been caused."
Pete Williams, the RAC's road safety spokesman, said they were expecting 11,000 breakdowns on Monday, a figure which is 20 per cent above the seasonal norm.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Here is how your area will look
Scotland
What's left of the showers, which are wintry over high ground, will die away overnight.
A widespread frost, and maybe some icy stretches, will develop under clearing skies. Minimum temperature -7C.
Even more snow is possible on Tuesday, which will start frosty and dry before clouding over with sleet and snow expected after dark.
(Image: PA)
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: PA)
North West England
A dry and clear night for most with the risk of freezing fog patches. Turning very cold again with a widespread and severe frost. Minimum temperature -6C.
More snow could be possible on Tuesday, which will start dry before clouding over during the evening. Patchy rain, hill snow and a chilly breeze is expected.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Yorkshire and Humber
Tonight widespread frost is expected again, developing across the region through the evening. Some wintry showers persisting along the coast through much of the night, but easing by dawn. Minimum temperature -4C.
On Tuesday, you can expect a frosty start, then a largely dry, fine, but cold day with bright or sunny spells. Turning cloudier from the west later, with overnight rain.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Northern Ireland
Tonight, showers will die away overnight as winds ease. A widespread frost will develop under clearing skies.
Minimum temperature -4C.
A mainly dry and bright start on Tuesday with the best sunshine in east. Outbreaks of rain, with snow on high ground, will spread east during the afternoon and evening.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Splash News)
East Midlands
Skies clearing through the evening with winds easing. Temperatures will fall sharply to give a widespread overnight frost.
Some wintry showers may affect the east coast through the early hours. Minimum temperature -4C.
On Tuesday, it will be a frosty start, then a largely dry, fine, but cold day with some bright or sunny spells. Turning cloudier from the west later, with overnight rain.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: PA)
West Midlands
It will be dry overnight with largely clear skies, although a little freezing fog patches may form.
With light winds, there will be another widespread and severe frost with a continued ice risk. Minimum temperature -7C.
On Tuesday, any freezing fog will lift to leave a fine and sunny morning. Sunshine will turn hazier through the afternoon but it should remain dry until evening. Staying very cold.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: PA)
Wales
Tonight, showers across western coastal areas will gradually ease. Dry elsewhere with clear spells, although isolated freezing fog patches may form.
Very cold with a widespread and severe frost. Minimum temperature -8C.
On Tuesday, any freezing fog will lift to leave a fine and sunny morning. Turning cloudier through the afternoon with patchy rain in the west and more of breeze by evening.
(Image: PA)
South East England and London
Tonight skies will clear from the west with winds easing. Temperatures will fall sharply to give an overnight frost.
Some wintry showers may affect the east coast through the early hours. Minimum temperature -4C.
On Tuesday, it will be a frosty start, then a largely dry, fine, but cold day with bright or sunny spells. Cloud pushing into the west later.
(Image: PA)
South West England
Tonight, showers will continue across western Cornwall. Dry elsewhere with clear spells, although isolated freezing fog patches may form.
It will feel very cold with a widespread and severe frost. Minimum temperature -4C.
Tuesday morning will start sunny after the fog has lifted. It will turn cloudier through the afternoon with patchy rain and a breeze by the evening.
DAMASCUS, Syria — The Syrian government launched a new operation Tuesday targeting tunnels used by the Islamic State group in the capital, state TV said, while shelling by the extremists on a government-held neighbourhood left at least four dead.
The TV said the aim of the operation is to destroy trenches and tunnels in the Hajar al-Aswad neighbourhood and the nearby Palestinian refugee camp of Yarmouk, which is also mostly controlled by the extremists.
ISIL fighters in Hajar al-Aswad fired a shell on the nearby government-held neighbourhood of Nahr Aisha, killing four people and wounding 15, state TV said. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the shelling killed five and wounded 17.
A group of journalists taken to the adjacent neighbourhood of Qadam on Tuesday witnessed intense shelling and airstrikes on ISIL positions in the camp and Hajar al-Aswad. The crackle of gunfire echoed from the heavily damaged area.
The area in southern Damascus is the last part of the capital not controlled by President Bashar Assad's forces. Other insurgents in the area, including an al-Qaida-linked group, have said they would relocate to rebel-held regions in northern Syria.
"The operation will continue until its goal is achieved," a Syrian military officer told reporters in Qadam, speaking on condition of anonymity under regulations.
He said the army is also working on separating ISIL-held areas in Hajar al-Aswad and Yarmouk from the nearby rebel-held suburbs of Beit Sahem, Babila and Yalda.
Tuesday's fighting focused on the Joura area in Hajar al-Aswad, from where thick smoke rose up into the sky.
The Observatory, an opposition-linked war monitoring group, said since the fighting began on Thursday, 15 troops and pro-government gunmen and 19 ISIL fighters have been killed. It said dozens were wounded on both sides.
The head of the UN agency for Palestinian refugees, UNRWA, said in a statement that it is deeply concerned for the fate of thousands of civilians, including Palestinian refugees, after days of fighting in Yarmouk, a built-up residential area.
RALEIGH, N.C. — After two months of struggles, Darren Helm finally had the breakout game he's been seeking.
Helm had a goal and two assists, Petr Mrazek stopped 36 shots, and the Detroit Red Wings beat the Carolina Hurricanes 4-1 on Friday night.
Helm's goal was his first since Dec. 5, and he also had his first multi-assist game of the season.
"It feels great," Helm said. "I don't know if I played a whole lot better than I had in previous games, but it's definitely nice when the puck finally gets in the back of the net, either by myself or given to teammates."
Gustav Nyquist, Danny DeKeyser and Trevor Daley also scored for the Red Wings, who won their second straight after dropping six of eight.
Helm was at the centre of it all, assisting on DeKeyser's tying goal and Daley's go-ahead score before finding the net himself on a breakaway late in the third period.
"He was buzzing," said Red Wings forward Henrik Zetterberg, who had an assist. "He's a fast guy, strong. It was nice to see him have this game."
Sebastian Aho scored for the Hurricanes, who snapped a three-game win streak. Scott Darling made 34 saves while losing for the sixth time in his last seven starts.
"We gave up too much in transition," Hurricanes coach Bill Peters said. "Their transition from defence to offence is very quick and we gave up a lot of odd man rushes and a lot of shots, and on those there was quality also. I don't think we managed the puck as good as we needed to."
Aho's power-play goal midway through the first opened the scoring. Justin Faulk's slap shot from the blue line nicked Mrazek's glove and fluttered over the Detroit netminder's back, and Aho knocked it in the air and into the net.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two women were "beaten by police" as they tried to report a sexual assault claim.
The young women appear to be helping each other walk along a street, with one seeming to be limping in the popular tourist town of Izmir in Turkey.
But an officer takes a swing at one of the girls, hitting her to the ground while the other woman tries to defend her friend.
The woman in a black dress gets pulled to the floor, behind a car and CCTV appears to show the policeman repeatedly hitting her on the ground.
A crowd of people rush into the street.
(Image: CEN)
(Image: CEN)
They break up the fight between the women and the unnamed policeman.
But he lashes out again, hitting one of the women as another police car arrives, flashing its sirens.
Police have confirmed that they have launched an investigation into the incident.
The policeman in question will face legal action if he is found to be at fault, police confirmed.
Izmir Police Commissioner Huseyin Askin told local media: "As soon as we were informed about the incident, we started an investigation into our staff.
(Image: CEN)
"The police department is an organisation that attaches importance to relations with the people.
"If our staff is at fault, legal sanctions will be implemented. Every aspect of this incident is being investigated.
"The investigation was started right away."
One of the victims said one of the officers reportedly claimed they had invited the harassment by "dressing inappropriately".
She said: "We wanted help from them because we could not see the licence plates of the motorbikes that harassed us.
"But one of the police officers said the harassers were right because we were dressed inappropriately."
A van and sedan suffered damages after colliding at a busy Baden intersection.
Police, firefighters, and paramedics received the incident call around 11:30 a.m. on May 30. Once they arrived at the intersection of Foundry Street and Gingerich Road, they found a black van with nearly its entire front bumper section hanging off and the driver side of a red sedan severely dented and scraped.
The extent of injuries to drivers or passengers involved, or if any were suffered at all, is still unknown. Charges have yet to be determined.
More to come.
After spending 10-days on a trade mission in Asia, Premier John Horgan is calling the trip a success.
It was the first time the Premier visited the continent, saying he was taken back by the air quality challenges they face, and believes there's a major opportunity for BC to be apart of the solution.
Horgan says he talked to companies about the chance for BC's liquefied natural gas to play a role in reduce green house emissions.
“There's significant desire, although there is a current glut on the LNG market, which we are well aware of, there is opportunity in the future.”
China is suffering from significant air pollution, with a population of over 1 billion people. China is trying to reduce its emissions by phasing out its coal and looking to switch to other natural resources.
Japan is also in demand for LNG, after having to shut down it's nuclear power plant when a devastating tsunami and earthquake hit back in 2011.
“We want to make sure any development of liquefied natural gas is in the interest of British Columbians,” says Horgan. “Not to be given away, but as a resource that belongs to all of us to be stewarded in the public interest.”
The 10-day trip included business roundtables, networking events and face-to-face meetings with government officials and business leaders with operations in B.C. or those considering expanding to British Columbia.
On the trip, Horgan stated he didn't want to focus on one sector of the economy but all sectors, including technology, tourism, forestry,energy,manufacturing and agriculture.
He added this trip opened his eyes to the challenges the world faces and the opportunity BC has to play a vital role in making the world a better place.
Behind That Bonkers Golden Knights Pregame Show: 'We Threw Everything On The Wall'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bruce Bennett/Getty Images Bruce Bennett/Getty Images
Let's dispense with the obvious first: This is not your typical ice hockey pregame show.
Watch virtually any team but the Vegas Golden Knights, and you'll find the performance before the game pretty straightforward. There's the highlight reel on the Jumbotron above center ice, the overloud pump-up song, the dimmed lights — yada yada yada — then bam, the home team takes the ice as the fans above the rink erupt in ear-splitting cheers. Simple, right?
What happens in Vegas is not simple.
YouTube
Take a gander at the video above, if you happened to miss Game 1 of the team's Stanley Cup Final against the Washington Capitals. There was a live-action medieval sword fight, there was a drum corps sporting neon visors straight out of Star Trek, and of course — for reasons somehow both baffling and perfectly apt — there was a giant, firework-spitting helmet.
There was even an introduction from "Let's get rrrrready to rumble!" himself, legendary boxing emcee Michael Buffer.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ethan Miller/Getty Images Ethan Miller/Getty Images
"The No. 1 thing that we're doing is creating home ice advantage," Jonny Greco, Vegas' vice president of entertainment production, tells NPR's Mary Louise Kelly.
He and his colleagues are the ones tasked with finding the right way to represent the Vegas Golden Knights, a brand-new team that, as an expansion franchise, had never even played an NHL game before this season. They've been designing pregame shows all season.
Now the team has managed the miraculous and made it to the Stanley Cup Final against the Washington Capitals — and Greco says the tall task remains the same.
"We want to create an atmosphere that give our boys on the ice a little extra oomph, a little extra volume, a little extra cheering from the fans."
And because they're in Vegas, naturally they decided to do it with, well, a little extra.
"We threw everything on the wall," says Greco, who previously had some experience with just that as a live events director for professional wrestling. "Do we want to go traditional — which is great and is no-frills — or do we want to go Vegas? Because we also talked about going uber-Vegas."
What exactly is "uber-Vegas?" Perhaps it's just best to list the few things that didn't make it into the show — but, frankly, were still under discussion:
An Elvis impersonator as PA announcer
Showgirls on ice skates
A live tiger
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ethan Miller/Getty Images Ethan Miller/Getty Images
Even with the slightly understated version they settled on — and admittedly we're kind of stretching the definition of "understated" here — ice hockey fans elsewhere have reacted with their fair share of ambivalence. As it turns out, fans of a sport famed for its stoic players have occasionally had unkind things to say about the blowout display.
"Cheesy and dumb," declared one critic. "Tacky," cried another. A third had this biting verdict: "Thanks for ruining hockey further." And there are plenty more critics out there. Those notes are all comments on a single tweet from the NHL on Monday
But Greco says he is satisfied his intended audience gets it.
"That's the beauty of art, right? If everyone did the same show, it would just get kind of numb. It's important to change. And it's good to not like things — that's OK," he says. "But we had to honor the city."
Not long ago, nearly everyone dismissed the Golden Knights as little more than a bunch of supporting cast members, little-known extras deemed expendable by their previous teams. Now, they're introduced with rousing statements over the loudspeakers about how nobody believed in them.
It seems suitable that when they take the ice for Game 2 on Wednesday, the Golden Knights will be the main event of a spectacle fit for Vegas.
"You don't see that anywhere else, right? It's unique and special. I think it works. I think it's good entertainment," the team's starting goalie, Marc-Andre Fleury, said Monday. "Once we step on the ice and people in the crowd are excited and into it already — I think it's awesome."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leeds United defender Gaetano Berardi was sent off as the Whites went down to a miserable 4-1 defeat against Cardiff City on Saturday afternoon.
Berardi was dismissed for two yellow cards in the first half at Elland Road as Leeds were reduced to ten men for the fourth time in five games.
They were trailing 3-0 at half-time thanks to strikes from Calum Paterson, Junior Hoilett and Sean Morrison. Anthony Pilkington added to the misery in the second half with Sol Bamba's own goal the only consolation.
It was Berardi's second red card of the season. He was sent off in Leeds' 3-0 success over Bristol City at Ashton Gate in October.
And while he will be out of the match against Sheffield United, he is also set to serve at least an extra match and will miss the game against the Robins at Elland Road on Sunday February 18.
Leeds will also be sweating on the fitness of fellow defender Pontus Jansson who was carried off on a stretcher following an off-the-ball clash with Sol Bamba during the humiliating defeat.
It's thought the defender has injured his ankle and is a major doubt for the Robins clash.
The Whites are now six league games without a win ahead of the matches against the Blades and the Robins.
BY PHONG LY
With the last of the previous generation, the millennials, entering the workforce, it is Generation Z's turn to enter the workplace. According to the Pew Research Center, millennials were born between 1981 and 1996. Individuals born after 1996 are considered part of Generation Z (Gen Z). According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Gen Z makes up 25 percent of the population of the country. Millennials are now at 83.1 million people and represent more than one quarter of the nation's population.
Drake University hosts both millennials and Gen Z-ers as students. It is possible that the succeeding generation of Bulldogs has a different set of expectations and preferences compared to their predecessors, the millennial Bulldogs.
Pharmacy student Michael Lang, a millennial, said it is still too early to tell if there are going to be any significant differences between the two generations.
“The reputation that millennials developed didn't really fully develop until they started entering the workforce,” Lang said. “Gen Z is just now getting into college.”
According to Dr. Darcie Vandegrift, a Drake sociology professor, these intergenerational terms are just artificial constructs.
“This is a social understanding,” Vandegrift said. “They are a set of feelings, an orientation that are different depending on when somebody becomes placed in the flow of history.”
According to Vandegrift, the one thing that is very popular to talk about regarding this discussion is experiencing childhood with smartphones versus experiencing childhood without smartphones.
“This shapes the way Gen Z sees the arrangement in geopolitics, and therefore see who their allies are and who are they connected with,” Vandergrift said. “Things like interests in Korean films and Bollywood versus interest in Hollywood.”
This shows the effect that technology has on the later generations. Lang said this is simple because these generations were born in the time where the technology revolution took place.
“I believe the stereotype that both millennials and Gen Z are way more tech savvy is true,” Lang said. “I also would believe that we aren't as well-suited to survive in nature because we have lived in a tech savvy era.”
Lang specified that it is the environment they were born into that introduced and developed those traits in people.
As a millennial, Lang does not think his generational identity carries much weight.
“I'm barely considered a millennial: if I had been born a year or two later, I would be a Gen Z, and would that year or two really make that much of a difference?” Lang said. “I believe that I am who I am based on how I was raised, and my mother would have raised me the same way whether or not I was a millennial or a Gen Z.”
Sophomore Tirfiya Musa, a Gen Z-er, agrees with Lang. She said these generational identities are just another set of labels society is trying to put on people.
“I refuse to be defined by the negative viewpoints that society tries to place on me,” Musa said. “To depict an entire generation by false, preconceived notions is just wrong and childish.”
Vandegrift warned people to not focus too much on just one generation, because then we would risk ignoring the continuity that exists across generations.
“Sometimes the media sets this up as something adversarial, conflict between the two generations,” Vandegrift said. “People at different stages in their lives collaborate, reach out and mentor one another, so there is a lot of mutual support going around too.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
TIMES-TRIBUNE FILE Tunkhannock's Hope Jones swings at a pitch against Dallas during the District 2 Class 4A semifinals. Tunkhannock players celebrate after Danielle Kristin (21) scored on an error during a softball game at Nanticoke on Tuesday, April 18, 2017. Christopher Dolan / Staff Photographer Image Gallery for Lightbox link
TUNKHANNOCK — Box scores paint the picture of a Tunkhannock team that earned its place in today's state championship game.
In the first three PIAA Class 4A softball playoff contests, the Tigers are outscoring (31 to 8) and outhitting (27 to 22) their opponents, while committing five fewer errors.
Just as predictable as the timely hitting and standout pitching and defense, however, have been Faith Jones' frequent mound visits.
The sophomore shortstop sensed Kendra Schultz could use some encouragement with two outs in the seventh inning of Monday's semifinal, when Bangor, trailing 9-4, put two runners on base.
“The crowd started getting really loud and I went up to Kendra, I'm like, ‘Just block them out and listen to me. I'm always here for you,'” Jones recalls saying. “She jammed her inside and got the pop-up and we won the game.”
When the ball goes past the pitcher and up the middle of the field, Jones, second baseman Jenn Bulford and center fielder Paige Mokychic have done their part.
The trio has also provided intangible elements to the Tigers (15-4), who play Mount Pleasant 1:30 p.m. today at Penn State for the state title.
A senior, Mokychic has played pretty much all positions over the course of her softball career and settled into first base at the high school level.
However, Mokychic was one of several players who's changed positions under head coach Bob Hegedty and his staff, who moved Mokychic to center field this season.
“Just trying to make sure our defense is the best that it could be, and make sure it's nice and solid,” Hegedty said. “They took the moves and went with them. ... Some of the stuff worked out really well for us.”
Mokychic called the transition “difficult,” but also “interesting and fun.”
All those years of playing softball helped Mokychic — who will play at Keystone College — develop a top-notch knowledge of the game, as she quickly adopted to her new position and is the only starter who hasn't committed an error this season.
“Center field has probably one of the best views of the field,” Mokychic said. “So I get to help out the other girls, telling them whether they need to move back to catch a ball, move in, where to throw the ball.”
Bulford is another versatile player — “I've literally played everywhere,” she said — from her experience at the Little League, high school and travel ball levels.
While she started at shortstop her sophomore year in 2015, Bulford moved to second base last season when Jones made the varsity.
Like Mokychic, Bulford took the change in stride and adjusted her game without skipping a beat.
“It is kind of the same, just a different angle off the bat,” said Bulford, who will attend college at Pitt. “It's not a huge change to get used to.”
Bulford and Jones go way back to their days of playing U-10 ball together.
Bulford said that familiarity has helped them become a better double-play combination, while Jones had nothing but praise for her two-years-older teammate.
“She's made some remarkable plays where you just stop and you're like, ‘Wow. That was really good,'” Jones said of Bulford, also complimenting her range and how she's always backing up throws.
Bulford made similar comments about Jones, saying the 10th-grader has range and a really strong arm that make nearly any play in her vicinity possible.
The underclassmen-upperclassmen dynamic is an interesting one at Tunkhannock, whose starting lineup typically features six sophomores and four seniors.
“They've had the experience throughout districts ... and they know what the pressure feels like,” Jones said of seniors like Bulford. “They did a really good job at keeping our sophomore class calm, cool, collected — and keeping us relaxed — so we can play the way we know how.”
Despite her being a sophomore, Jones is a vocal leader on the team, as she's often the first to approach the circle with a pep talk for her twin sister, Hope, or Schultz when things get shaky.
“Sometimes they just get in their heads and they're not really focused on the batter,” Faith Jones said. “So I tell them, ‘Pitch them strikes they can hit, because your defense has your back and we're always there for you.'”
Contact the writer:
mbufano@citizensvoice.com;
570-821-2060;
PARIS — February 14, 2017 — Lectra has equipped women's brand Cache Cache (Beaumanoir group) with Modaris® 3D to ramp up product development and facilitate exchanges between sub-contractors. The company has been a Lectra customer for more than 15 years.
Founded in 1981, the France-based family group is a specialist in fashion distribution. Cache Cache, the group's early brand, is a market leader in French and international prêt-à- porter with more than 1,590 sales points across the world, including more than 500 located in France. Present in 21 countries, Cache Cache continues to expand in Europe and Asia, including the recent opening of its 1,000th shop in China. In parallel, the brand is forging ahead with e-commerce. The group's brands — Bonobo, Cache Cache, Morgan, Bréal and Scottage — are accessible and in tune with young, modern and audacious women. The Beaumanoir group employs over 14,300 collaborators across the world, and in 2015 posted a turnover of 1.4 billion euros.
The Cache Cache brand, which was already using the expert version of Modaris — Lectra's flagship solution for product development in the fashion industry — has acquired the 3-D version for its design offices located at the group's head office in St. Malo, France, and for Shanghai, China.
“Our design office in St. Malo is responsible for creating and developing products,” explained Camille Dupont, director for Offer, at Cache Cache. “We are leveraging Modaris 3D to react rapidly to evolving demand. With this solution, our stylists and product managers can easily make choices, organized around the same screen, based on prototypes developed in 3-D. The decision-making process starts as early as possible and is much quicker.”
Cache Cache initially rolled out Modaris 3D for dresses, before extending the solution across all of its collections. Their decision was driven by the reduction in the number of prototypes possible.
“Cache Cache sub-contracts manufacturing to a vast network of suppliers,” commented Karen Elalouf, managing director, Lectra France. “By replacing a portion of the physical prototypes with virtual prototypes, Lectra's 3D technology will simplify the exchanges between the design office and sub-contractors, generating many advantages including—saving time, savings on materials, and reducing stocks.”
“Highly responsive, Cache Cache is permanently adapting to developments in fashion across its many markets,” underlined Jeanine Guillaume, head of the technical division at Cache Cache. “3D is the right choice for our brand. By advancing more quickly at the product development stage, our teams will have more time to dedicate to new creative ideas. In addition, we will achieve considerable all-round savings thanks to improved exchanges between our suppliers.”
Posted February 14, 2017
Source: Lectra
Congress Moves To Overturn D.C. 'Death With Dignity Law'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Martin Austermuhle/WAMU Martin Austermuhle/WAMU
A version of this story was originally published by member station WAMU.
With the GOP fully in control of the federal government for the first time since 2006, Congressional Republicans are taking their first steps to assert their power over the District of Columbia's local government.
After an impassioned debate, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee voted Monday evening to block a D.C. law giving District physicians the right to prescribe lethal medication to terminally ill patients who have less than six months to live.
Committee chair Jason Chaffetz and other Republican conservatives have argued that the D.C. law should be nullified because it runs counter to ethical prohibitions against suicide. Most of the Republicans on the committee framed their opposition as a "pro-life" stance, with a number expressing concerns that the D.C. law could leave vulnerable dying patients at the mercy of physicians and relatives eager to hasten their exit.
"I worry that assisted suicide will create a marketplace for death," Chaffetz said.
Rep. Darrell Issa R-Calif., who represents one of six states that already have enacted legislation similar to D.C.'s right-to-die bill, was the only Republican to vote against the measure. Issa argued that given Congress' failure to stop such legislation nationally, he didn't think interference in D.C. affairs was justified.
In a statement after the committee vote, Mayor Bowser called it "a signal to DC residents that Congress has zero respect or concern for their will or the will of their elected officials."
Though the District gained an elected mayor and legislature in 1973, Congress retained broad authority over the city. That included the right to disapprove of bills — or, in simpler words, block bills passed by the D.C. Council from taking effect. But that right has been used sparingly: Congress has only formally blocked three D.C. bills over the last 45 years.
The panel voted 22-14 in favor of sending to the House floor the bill to the House floor. However that may be as far as it goes.
Unless conservative Republican backers of the manage to get the committee-passed "resolution of disapproval" through the House and Senate and signed by President Donald Trump by the end of the week — an exceedingly uphill battle given the normal pace of Congress — the law appears likely to take effect as passed by D.C. Council and signed into law by Mayor Muriel Bowser.
The bill becomes law if it is not blocked within 30 legislative working days of being sent Congress. By the D.C. City Council's calculations, time is up for opponents of the Death With Dignity bill on or about Saturday.
That leaves an almost impossibly narrow window for floor votes in the House and Senate. Moreover, it is not even certain that Trump would sign a disapproval resolution. White House press secretary Sean Spicer refused to say what the president might do when asked about the Death With Dignity law at a press briefing last week.
The audience at the committee meeting, which lasted until past 7:30, included activists in the right-to-die movement, including at least one who considers herself a potential beneficiary: Mary Klein, a 69-year-old D.C. resident who is dying of cancer. In an earlier interview with WAMU, Klein described the measure's passage, by an 11-2 D.C. Council vote in November, as "a great relief." Dan Diaz, the widower of Brittany Maynard, a young woman who wrote about her decision to end her life after a long battle with brain cancer, also turned up "to support D.C.," he said.
Clitheroe showed great courage and character to bounce back from recent setbacks when picking up maximum points against Nelson at Chatburn Road on Sunday.
The hosts had 101 runs on the board before the fall of their first wicket, as openers Charlie Dewhurst and Harry Lang survived at the crease for just under 29 overs.
Dewhurst made 66 from 100 balls, including 10 fours, while his partner in crime found the boundary on eight occasions in making 45 off 73 deliveries.
Lang was first to go when bowled by visiting professional Reeza Hendricks, leaving captain Jack Dewhurst to join his sibling.
The pair added another 40 runs to the scorecard before they were both sent packing in quick succession. The skipper posted 21 for the hosts.
A half-century from professional Fawad Alam, batting alongside Sam Mulligan (31), pushed the score well past the 200-mark with several cameos at the end taking the total to 234-7.
The bowling of Pakistani all-rounder Alam in the home side's defence prevented Nelson from threatening.
The paid man took three of the first four wickets, including that of Hendricks (15), to give the hosts a clear advantage.
The pairing of Russell Bradley (31) and C. Grant (47) added 69 for the fifth wicket while Khurrum Nazir added another 20 following his introduction. However, Nelson finished 57 runs short in their chase.
© AP Photo/ Charles Krupa, File
Arms Buyer
European MPs
Human right groups have been protesting against the sale of arms to Saudi Arabia, citing the Gulf kingdom's involvement in the conflict in Yemen.by the country's leading weapons manufacturer FN Herstal, the news agency Belga reported.The council explained its decision by thein Saudi Arabia.In 2017 Saudi Arabia bought 153 million euros worth of arms from the Belgian arms maker.In December 2017, the Belgian Human Rights League and the National Peace and Democracy Coordination Center, backed by Amnesty International, appealed to the State Council to annul licenses for the export of lethal arms to the Gulf kingdom.FN Herstal, often referred to as Fabrique Nationale, produces a wide range of arms, from pistols to heavy machineguns and is currently the largest exporter of military small arms in Europecing.In 2015, Saudi Arabia bought more than 575 million euros worth of arms made by FN Herstal, which accounts for a hefty 65 percent of Wallonia's arms exports.Yemen has been engulfed in a violent conflict between the government, headed by President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, and the Houthi Shia movement, now in control of the capital Sana'a, was which has been backed by army units loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh since 2015.The Saudi-led coalition has been participating in the military conflict in Yemen since March 2015 upon the request of President Hadi.
Monday's call-up by the Blue Jays may have been a first for reliever Tim Mayza, but there were more than a few familiar faces ready to greet him.
The 25-year-old left-hander was welcomed by former Buffalo Bisons teammates Chris Rowley and Mike Ohlman ahead of the opener of a four-game series against the Tampa Bay Rays. That familiarity is an advantage for Mayza — replacing righty Leonel Campos — particularly when it comes to Ohlman and Raffy Lopez, catchers he's worked with at Triple-A this season.
“They know what I like to do. They know what kind of game I like to throw when I'm on the mound,” Mayza told reporters in the Blue Jays dugout some 16 hours after Bisons pitching coach Bob Stanley — on a bus ride between Buffalo and Toledo, Ohio — delivered the news that he'd be living his childhood dream.
Mayza started the year with 29 games for the Double-A New Hampshire Fisher Cats before moving up to Buffalo, where he had a microscopic 0.93 ERA with 16 strikeouts, seven walks and no home runs allowed in 19 innings.
“He's got a great arm. He's left-handed,” manager John Gibbons said about Mayza getting the call. “He was kind of on the map last year, and then we saw some good things at spring training. He's been pitching well lately.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
CARBONDALE — Time of possession usually is a reliable indicator of which team has more success.
But while Holy Cross seemed to be on offense the whole game, Carbondale Area capitalized on nearly every opportunity it had as the Chargers won, 41-13, in a Lackawanna Football Conference Division III game Friday.
“We were just being patient defensively,” Carbondale Area head coach Larry Gabriel III said. “We were playing a different scheme today.”
Carbonale Area's defense was on the field for more than 10 minutes in the first quarter.
Holy Cross (0-7 overall, 0-6 LFC Division III) opened the game with a 15-play, 65-yard drive that took 9:13 off the clock. After converting on two fourth downs, Jake Wiercinski found Dom Possanza in the end zone for a 13-yard touchdown to give the Crusaders their first lead of the season — and first lead since Week 1 of last season — at 7-0.
Carbondale Area (4-3, 4-2) responded by scoring the next 41 points.
Despite running only 31 plays, the Chargers scored on their first five possessions and totaled 251 yards and five touchdowns on the ground. Nick Vadella rushed for 111 yards on nine carries and scored on a 33-yard run.
When Carbondale quarterback Jordan Tolerico limped off the field in the second quarter, Adam Rossetti stepped in behind center and controlled the game.
After his 60-yard touchdown run was erased by a block-in-the-back penalty, Rossetti capped the drive with a 5-yard score. Then, following a three-and-out from Holy Cross, the junior returned a punt 75 yards for a touchdown.
“He's an athlete. He's a competitor,” Gabriel said. “He's got 10 to 15 snaps (at quarterback) all year in practice, so we were very pleased with his job tonight.”
Finally, Rossetti threw a 16-yard fourth-quarter touchdown to Anthony Bucklaw.
Frank Burke and Nick Tierney combined for three touchdowns.
Contact the writer:
sports@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9125;
@sportsTT on Twitter
A new study has shown how millennials have a higher risk of mental health problems if they are lonely.
Young adults and teenagers are at the highest risk of loneliness, according to some research.
Some people blame the rise of social media use, but the reasons are likely to be more nuanced than that.
You might not know why you're lonely. After all, being alone doesn't mean you have to be lonely, and being lonely doesn't necessarily mean you're on your own.
But if you're feeling isolated from other people, it can be completely debilitating to your life. It's bad for stress, can make women feel hungrier, and even increases the risk of early death by 26%.
According to a new study published in the journal Psychological Medicine, lonely millennials have twice the rick of developing mental health problems like depression and anxiety, compared to those who are connected to others.
In the study, researchers from King's College London analysed 2,066 millennial twins in England and Wales. They were asked about their experiences at different stages of life, their relationships, how lonely they were, and how their mental and physical health was.
The most recent data was taken while the twins were 18. Results showed that 7% of participants said they often felt lonely, while 23-31% said they felt left out or lacked companionship.
Overall, being lonely was associated with double the chance of a mental health problem, and a 38% increased risk of being unemployed. Also, lonely individuals were more likely to engage in risky behaviours like smoking and not exercising.
"If somebody discloses to their friends or family, or a GP, that they feel lonely a lot of the time, that could be a warning sign that they are struggling in other areas of life," Timothy Matthews, co-author of the study from King's College London, told the Guardian.
Younger people are the loneliest
Last year, a study found that, contrary to popular belief, older people aren't necessarily at the highest risk of being lonely. In fact, loneliness is greatest among teenagers and young adults.
Some link the loneliness of the millennial generation back to social media. However, while some research does show that using sites like Facebook and Instagram can be isolating, they probably aren't as bad as we think.
It ultimately comes down to how you use them. For example, many people use social media platforms as a way to make friends, especially those who struggle in real-life social situations.
If you're using them to keep in contact, it's less likely to be a problem. But if you spend most of your time scrolling aimlessly and feeling jealous about what everyone else is doing, you're more likely to get FOMO and feel lonely.
In an article for Forbes, Caroline Beaton discussed another possible reason that millennials are so lonely, in addition to spending more time on the internet.
Loneliness, she said, can be contagious. A study from 2009 showed how people are 52% more likely to be lonely if they are connected to someone who is lonely. Also, people who aren't lonely tend to become lonelier around someone who is.
"Lonely people are less able to pick up on positive social stimuli, like others' attention and commitment signals, so they withdraw prematurely — in many cases before they're actually socially isolated," she wrote. "Their inexplicable withdrawal may, in turn, make their close connections feel lonely too."
The lonely can also act a little hostile, possibly as a defence mechanism. This further severs their social ties and perpetuates their loneliness.
The researchers said this new study's findings could help "underscore the importance of early intervention to prevent lonely young adults from being trapped in loneliness as they age."
The participants were only 18, and it's very possible their loneliness levels will change when they grow up. But for those who struggle until later on in life, further research could help them figure out why it is.
"Feeling lonely isn't in itself a mental health problem, but the two are strongly connected," Stephen Buckley from the mental health charity Mind told The Guardian.
"Being sociable and connecting with other people is rewarding in its own right and can help significantly improve your mental well-being, especially if you're not feeling so good."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Randy Wallis
Two candidates are seeking the Democratic nomination for a supervisor seat in Fell Twp. to finish the term of a deceased supervisor.
Township residents Randy Wallis and Andy Gorel will appear on the May 16 primary election ballot for the remaining four years of Ronald Cosklo's term. Cosklo died in November.
No Republican candidates are running in the primary in that race.
Wallis is no stranger to township government. He had served on the township planning commission since the late 1990s and as township building inspector since 2008. He stepped down from both those posts when he took Cosklo's spot on the board of supervisors in December.
Since taking that post, Wallis said he is continuing the work started by his predecessor, such as working to build a natural gas line on the north end of the Route 171 viaduct and to pass an ordinance that would make landlords more accountable for upkeep of their buildings and their tenants. He said he will continue Cosklo's legacy locally if elected.
He also touted good chemistry among himself and the other supervisors, Mary Ann Torch and Joseph Trichilo, since he came on the board in December.
“I just picked the ball up where he (Cosklo) left off,” Wallis said. “The board we have now works really good together.”
Gorel refused to comment.
Also on the Fell Twp. ballot this primary election, Trichilo is running unopposed for the Democratic nod for another six-year term on the board of supervisors. No Republican is running in that race either.
Contact the writer:
cover@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100, x5363;
@ClaytonOver on Twitter
Fell Twp. supervisor
RANDY WALLIS
Age: 57
Family: Wife, Lynn; daughters, Chelsea, Emily, Megan.
Education: Carbondale Area High School, 1977.
Employment: Lineman, PPL Electric Utilities.
Experience: Fell Twp. Planning Commission, 1998-2016; Fell Twp. building inspector, 2008-2016.
ANDY GOREL refused to comment.
Athletics: Golden London run has triumphant Pearson eyeing Tokyo
by Reuters 14 Aug 2017, 10:10 IST
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Women's 100 Metres Hurdles Final - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017. Sally Pearson of Australia reacts after winning the final. REUTERS/Phil Noble
MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australia's Sally Pearson will reward herself with "volumes" of greasy food after winning her second 100 metres hurdles world championship but plans to keep herself in top shape in the long-term for a tilt at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Pearson's brilliant win at the London Stadium on Saturday capped two years of injury heartbreak and made her Australia's most decorated track athlete of the modern era.
The 2012 London Olympic champion was denied a chance to defend her title last year at Rio due to a hamstring injury but hopes her body can stand up for Tokyo in 2020, when she would be just shy of her 34th birthday.
"Of course, you always think about Tokyo," the rejuvenated hurdler told state radio ABC.
"I've always wanted to go to three Olympics. Missing out on Rio was heartbreaking but obviously it was there for a reason.
"As I've said, I've got to look after my body. Definitely (running at) the Commonwealth Games next year. And who knows what will happen after that?
"Tokyo is only three years away ... I just have to listen to my body and be smart about it."
After missing out on Rio, Pearson coached her own way back to the top, reasoning that after multiple injury setbacks, no-one knew her body like she did.
She will cast off the unflinching self-discipline for a brief period to eat what she wants before plotting a path to victory at next year's Commonwealth Games, where she will be the headline attraction near her home on the Gold Coast.
"Volumes of food .... I like to reward myself with greasy food," said Pearson, who won her first 100m hurdles world title at Daegu in 2011 and grabbed a silver at the Moscow championships two years later.
Also a silver medallist at the 2008 Beijing Games, Pearson's third individual world championship medal surpassed the record of iconic Aboriginal sprinter Cathy Freeman, who won back-to-back 400m titles in 1997-99 and clinched gold at the 2000 Sydney Olympics.
A week after mourning the death of Betty Cuthbert, the only athlete to win 100, 200 and 400m Olympic golds, local media hailed Pearson as Australia's "latest golden girl".
"Cuthbert was the centre of a much cherished and glorious part of Australian sporting history," prominent local pundit Patrick Smith wrote in The Australian newspaper.
"That spirit lives on. It is indestructible. It lives on in Sally Pearson who sometimes has a fragility that is a decoy for the toughness that lines her body and soul."
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
From: M P Laycock, Harrogate.
SAMUEL Ribansky (The Yorkshire Post, June 26) states that our negotiators are losing goodwill with EU “top brass”, but was that goodwill ever there for us to lose?
Far from being impatient with our “party-political struggles”, they are actively encouraging them in order to undermine our Government's negotiating position and thereby extract even more concessions.
Our objective has been perfectly clear from the start. We have wanted to take back control of our laws, our international trade, our fisheries, our immigration policy, our industrial policy, our trading standards and our health and safety policy while continuing to trade for our mutual advantage.
Their objective has also been clear. They have wanted to make us change our minds about leaving or, failing that, to offer us such poor terms as would discourage any other country from choosing to leave. Each concession that our Government has made seems to have encouraged them to press us harder.
From: John Turley, Dronfield Woodhouse.
MK O'SULLIVAN (The Yorkshire Post, June 27) and others should possibly look online at some video clips Open Britain have produced showing what some of the leading Brexiteer politicians were saying before and during the referendum campaign, and which is totally at odds with what they are saying now.
Nigel Farage, in particular, can be seen extolling the benefits of a Norway-style arrangement with the EU, plus Owen Paterson MP and Daniel Hannan MEP specifically stated that leaving the EU would not mean leaving the single market. However they all now try to deny what they previously said, and claim the outcome of the referendum was a decisive mandate to leave both the single market and the customs union.
From: Don Wood, Howden.
MR KRAWIEC (The Yorkshire Post, June 29) states that he disagrees with me that we knew what we were voting for.
The simple fact of the matter is only the Remainers did not know what they were voting for, as they are the only ones who complain about not knowing, where as the Leave voters certainly knew what they were voting for. The Remainers cannot be allowed to change the result of the referendum, or democracy is finished in this country, and any future vote will be totally irrelevant – which is of course how the EU would like it to be.
Laboratory confirmed cases of flu continued to rise, along with influenza-like illness activity, across the commonwealth during the last seven days.
According to the latest figures from the Massachusetts Department of Public Health, the number of year-to-date laboratory confirmed cases of flu in the state now states at 5,708, a rise of 1,655 over the week ending Jan. 26.
Influenza-like illness activity, which indicates the percentage of visits to outpatient providers for flu-like symptoms, rose from 3.6 percent for the week ending Jan. 26 to 4.2 for the week ending Feb. 2.
This percentage for the West rose from 3.4 to 4, turning the region from brown to orange on the state's regional map for this percentage and indicating the highest rate just below red.
The three regions in Eastern Massachusetts in the red last week remain there for the week ending Feb. 2, with higher percentages. The Northeast Region rose from 4.8 percent to 5.6; the Southeast Region from 4.1 to 6 percent; and the Outer Boston Region from 5.5 to 6.2 percent.
Laboratory confirmed cases in the West for the week ending Feb. 2 stood at 619, including 487 cases of Type A and 132 Type B. Last week, the West had 487, including 409 Type A and 78 Type B.
Hospital admissions were also higher at 39.25 laboratory confirmed hospitalizations for flu per 1,000 licensed hospital beds, compared with 37.60 for the week ending Jan. 26.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have called this flu season the worst in 10 years, and attributed 54 pediatric deaths to it, including one from region 1, which includes the states of Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont.
The CDC said some 584,362 specimens tested positive for flu in clinical laboratories out of 102,364 tested in the country since the start of the season Oct. 1, and that the majority of these were Type A. The largest age group with positive tests for H3N2, the most severe and most widespread strain and the least covered by this year's vaccine, was in the 64 and above category - some 6,60 2 cases, followed by the 25 to 64 age categories, with 4,825 cases.
The young and the elderly and those with underlying health conditions are the most vulnerable to the flu virus.
The number of actual flu cases is considered much larger since most people are never tested. Deaths attributable to flu can be difficult since the virus can weaken the body's immune against other diseases.
According to the Daily Hampshire Gazette, Cooley Dickinson Hospital said this was the reason it could not confirm flu as the cause of death in several patients who had tested positive for flu.
"The Seabird Protection Network is a multi-organization collaborative that works together to reduce human disturbance to seabirds," says Leisyka Parrot with the Bureau of Land Management. She and HSU Wildlife's Dan Barton talk to Delia Bense-Kang, MPA Coordinator at the NEC, about minimizing our impact on marine wildlife.
The EcoNews Report is presented by the Northcoast Environmental Center.
London: Britain's Cooperative Bank, rescued from the brink of collapse by a group of hedge funds in 2013, has put itself up for sale as it seeks to build up its capital to meet regulatory requirements.
Even after an overnight round of strong storms, we're far from done with this unstable weather pattern...
Overnight
A slow-moving line of strong thunderstorms will continue to work its way east overnight, packing torrential rain and gusty winds. As we have seen already tonight, storms may also be accompanied by damaging winds and small hail. Just about everyone should have a run-in with stormy weather before daybreak, though the most intense activity is likely to run north of US-10.
Storms will dwindle out in time for the Thursday morning commute, but some roads may remain wet with lingering ponding in hardest-hit areas. Overnight lows will slip to the middle and upper 60s.
Thursday
Thunderstorms will remain in the picture as we head into the day tomorrow. Once the initial line of storms rolls through tonight we will see a short break from the rain late tomorrow morning. It will be short lived of course because the chance for thunderstorms will return Thursday afternoon.
Storms tomorrow are not expected to be strong or severe, but they could pack a punch with gusty winds and heavy rain.
Highs will be hot again in the middle to upper 80s. Humidity will also stick around making it feel muggy outside.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
It was a “single episode of brutal and calculated murderous violence (and) a course of offending that can only be described as heinous in the extreme,” Fullerton said.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Panthers coach Ron Rivera says Cam Newton's apology for a sexist remark to a female reporter was "something that was needed to be said."
"I think it was well said and well put," Rivera said Friday. "I think it was well said and well put. I just it something we can move forward .. and start again. It's a tough set of circumstances and hopefully this can settle things so we can go forward."
Newton made his remarks during a news conference Wednesday when Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue asked the 2015 NFL MVP about wide receiver Devin Funchess' route running. The quarterback laughed and said, "It's funny to hear a female talk about routes. It's funny."
Newton issued a nearly two-minute apology on Twitter Thursday night, saying, "What I did was extremely unacceptable" and that he has "really learned a valuable lesson from this."
He hasn't directly apologized to Rodrigue.
The NFL had issued a statement Wednesday night calling Newton's comments at the news conference "just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalist who cover the league."
Newton issued his apology more than 24 hours after making his remarks, during which time he lost an endorsement deal when Dannon severed ties with him.
"After careful thought, I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women," the Panthers quarterback said. "To be honest, that was not my intentions. And if you are a person who took offence to what I said, I sincerely apologize to you."
In the video, Newton said he's a man who strives to be a positive role model in the community and who tries to use his platform to inspire others.
He also said he takes ownership to everything that comes with that.
They also witnessed the signing of two memoranda of understanding between the two countries. The first MoU on government development and exchange of expertise between the two countries, was signed by Mohammad Al Gergawi, UAE Minister of Cabinet Affairs and Future and Kin Zang Wang De, secretary-general of Bhutan Cabinet. The second MoU on air transportation services was signed by Sultan Saeed Al Mansouri, UAE Minister of Economy, and Wing Chat Bingor, Bhutan Minister of Information and Transport.
NATIONAL
Moon Jae-in and Xi Jinping meet in Da Nang, Vietnam on Nov. 11 (Yonhap)
President Moon Jae-in and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping will hold a bilateral summit meeting in Beijing on Thursday, Cheong Wa Dae said Monday.Moon, who will begin the four-day state visit to China on Wednesday, will be meeting with Xi for the third time, and discussions will focus on security issues and ways to improve bilateral ties, Cheong Wa Dae said.Seoul and Beijing, however, will not issue a joint statement in light of differences in the two sides' positions on issues surrounding the US Terminal High Altitude Area Defense missile system.“A joint statement will not be issued as the two countries are not in a position to put forward unified positions on issues (including THAAD),” a Cheong Wa Dae official said on condition of anonymity.The official added that the joint statement issued by the two countries' foreign ministries on Oct. 31 stands, and that it is unclear whether THAAD-related issues will be mentioned by Xi during the meeting.In the Oct. 31 statement, the foreign ministries said that Seoul and Beijing have agreed to improve relations, while confirming their stances on THAAD. China has opposed its deployment in South Korea from the outset, claiming that the equipment is potentially damaging to its national security. Seoul, on the other hand, maintains that THAAD is directed solely at North Korea and poses no threat to China or any other country in the region.Regarding Moon's trip in general, high-level Seoul officials said that matters regarding North Korea, and ways to improve cooperation in a wide range of fields will be at the top of the agenda.“The two leaders will discuss ways to strengthen political, economic, social, cultural and human exchange and cooperation to develop a future-oriented strategic partnership,” Nam Gwan-pyo, a deputy director of the National Security Council said.“Ways to improve regional and global peace, security and development including means to peacefully resolving the North Korean nuclear issue and establishing peace on the peninsula will be discussed.”Moon's trip to China comes two weeks since Pyongyang's latest missile launch, assessed by Seoul and the US to mark a significant advancement in North Korea's intercontinental ballistic missile program.Following the two-day stay in Beijing, Moon will wrap up his visit with a trip to Chongqing in southwestern China on Friday and Saturday. During his stay in Chongqing, Moon will visit the site of the provisional government of Korea, which operated in various locations in China during Japan's occupation of the Korean Peninsula in the first half of the 20th century.The South Korean president is also scheduled to meet with Chen Min'er, the secretary of the Communist Party of China for the city.By Choi He-suk (cheesuk@heraldcorp.com)
It was like the Eighties all over again on Thursday night when William Vintage and Farfetch took over a Beverly Hills mansion to preview a collection of vintage Gianni Versace that will go on sale on both platforms today.
The white marble mansion — reportedly the home of the late Michael Jackson — didn't need much window dressing to achieve the Versace vibe, but a neon light-lined black carpet, piped in recordings of Donatella Versace's voice and an army of Eighties-style mannequins set about the first floor, lawn and pool certainly drove the point home.
All around, actresses including Kate Bosworth, Cody Horn and Serayah McNeill were draped in loud prints, chain mail and corseted dresses borrowed from the archive. “I've never done a sorbet color before,” said Caroline Vreeland of her orange sherbet-hued cage dress.
Amal Clooney slipped in almost unnoticed but for her platinum chain mail minidress. Her equally statuesque companion wore a floor-length, strapless gold version.
McNeill wore a purple gown from the same era, and noted, “It's totally Eighties, with the mesh and lace, but if you're gonna do it, go for it.”
Over at the far end of the pool, male models lounged in scarf print swim briefs on white leather benches. They covered up with robes and blankets when guests weren't asking to pose with them. Isla Fisher snapped a few photos from across the way when she spotted some friends.
“There's Chris O'Dowd and Dawn O'Porter,” Fisher said. “Come! Come join us in the male model area,” she called. The Irish actor and his writer wife made their way over and O'Porter greeted Clooney and said, “Congratulations on your twins. We have twins as well two boys.”
Model mom Maye Musk said she was living in South Africa and Canada during Versace's heyday, so “I never got to see these clothes in person until tonight.”
ANZA Ball to raise funds for homeless teens outreach
The Australia New Zealand Association Charity Ball is bringing back last year's main performers 100% Kylie for its annual outing on April 29.
This year's ball is in aid of Vincenzo's Outreach Bus, which helps homeless teenagers in Seoul.
With 100% Kylie back as MC for the Ball you are sure to receive a warm welcome at the Grand Hyatt on April 29th and our floor show will be truly fabulous, fun and full of surprises.
Held at the Grand Hyatt in Seoul, the ball includes a four-course meal prepared by the hotel's chefs and all-night entertainment, including 100% Kylie, a tribute act to Australia's most famous pop princess.
The ANZA Charity Art Sale will also return for the ball and items on the block will include fine Korean art and Australian Aboriginal paintings including a painting by Korean dansaekwa master Lee Ufan.
Tickets also cover wine, beer and Nespresso cocktails, and there will be prizes given out and a silent auction, too.
For more information or ticket reservations, visit www.anzakorea.com or email membership@anzakorea.com. “Spirit Tickets are also available this year for people who want to contribute but cannot attend the ball, with 100 percent of the price going to the charity.
(paulkerry@heraldcorp.com)
An assistance dog was left with puncture wounds in an attack by another dog in Halifax town centre.
Police said the 61-year-old owner of the injured dog, which suffered wounds to its neck and shoulder, was left distressed by the incident and that his dog was now less confident about being outside.
The attacked happened while a man and his dog were stood at a bus stop on Alexandra Street at around 10.50am on Wednesday, September 20, and another male, who also had a dog with him, was passing by.
After the attack, the suspect left the scene.
Police Community Support Officer, Gordon Thorpe, said: “Any incident where a pet is attacked is distressing for the owner. In this case, the dog attacked is an assistance dog and one that the owner relies on to support him on a daily basis and this incident has caused the victim significant distress and upset.
“I am appealing to anyone who may have been in the area, and either witnessed the incident or who may have any information to come forward.
“The assistance dog has also suffered, not only through the physical injuries sustained, but has since understandably been timid and less confident when out and about. Enquiries are ongoing.”
Anyone with any information is asked to contact PCSO Gordon Thorpe at Halifax Police Station by calling 101 and quoting 13170440761. Information can also be passed to Crimestoppers in anonymously and in confidence by calling 0800 555 111.
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
A Kinlochleven man who had nine cannabis plants and quantities of the drug in his home was ordered to do 160 hours of unpaid work in the community after admitting producing the drug.
Greig Aitken, of Garbhein Crescent, had pleaded guilty to a charge of producing cannabis at his home on January 27 this year.
Fiscal Depute Robert Weir told Fort William Sheriff Court last week that when police searched Aitken's home they found two of the property's rooms were being used to grow cannabis plants.
A total of nine plants with a value of between £250 and £900 were recovered, along with two quantities of cannabis worth a total of £400 and some cannabis leaf material, the latter having no intrinsic value.
‘When he was interviewed by police, the accused said the cannabis plants and drug were for his own personal use and would last him about four to five months,' said Mr Weir.
‘Officers also found a dehumidifier, a light, fan, hydroponic equipment, scales and trays and the Crown motion is for these to be forfeited.'
Defence agent Gerard Sweeney told Sheriff Eilidh MacDonald he had no position to the Crown's forfeiture motion and stressed there was no ‘supplying' element in the crime his client was charged with.
Mr Sweeney added the values attached to the plants were only applicable if certain things were done to the material.
Sheriff MacDonald interjected: ‘What would he have needed the scales for if this was all for his personal use?'
Mr Sweeney replied that nearly every household in the country would probably have scales.
‘I think even My Lady's kitchen will probably have a set of scales,' he said.
‘Yes, but mine have never been forfeited to the Crown,' she replied.
Mr Sweeney said his client was basically ‘a decent chap' and used cannabis to help alleviate pain from neck and back problems, and asked that unpaid community work be considered as an appropriate disposal.
Sentencing Aitken, 38, Sheriff MacDonald said it was a serious offence.
‘I also take into account previous convictions and everything said by Mr Sweeney,' she said.
‘I am persuaded I can deal with this by way of a community payback order as a direct alternative to custody and this will be 160 hours of unpaid work. I also grant the Crown forfeiture motion – including for the scales.'
Hurricane Harvey and Irma damaged not only Texas, Florida and surrounding states, but also the U.S. jobs picture.
New numbers out Friday morning from the U.S. Labor Department showed the U.S. economy lost 33,000 jobs in September. This marks the first monthly decline in seven years.
Despite the hit, the Bureau of Labor statistics said the overall unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent.
It's been 20 days since the news of the first lady's hospital admission, and she's been pretty quiet throughout her recovery. In fact, the last time Melania Trump was seen in public was in the early hours of May 10, as she welcomed three American prisoners who had been released from North Korea.
On May 10, President Trump and the first lady greeted three Americans returning to the United States after they'd been imprisoned for many months in North Korea. Melania appeared on the tarmac where the Americans' plane first landed, and she helped greet the released men atop the stair platform onto which they exited the plane.
But shortly thereafter, Melania went to the hospital for a kidney condition and has hardly been heard from since. And in the vacuum of silence created by a White House that has stayed mostly mum on the issue of Melania'a condition, conspiracy theories have sprung up to explain her sudden retreat from the public eye.
According to Melania's spokeswoman, though, there's nothing amiss in the White House first family. "She is doing great," Stephanie Grisham said Tuesday, in response to questions about her recovery. Remarking on the spate of theories about Melania's reclusive behavior, Grisham said, "Sadly, we deal with conspiracy theories all the time, so this is nothing new, just more silly nonsense."
Melania was admitted to Walter Reed National Military Medical Center for an embolization procedure. The routine surgery was reportedly scheduled to address a "benign kidney condition." But The Washington Post reported that Melania's recovery seemed different than what one would expect from such a procedure. Mohamad E. Allaf, the vice chairman of Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine's urology department, told the Post that most patients undergoing that procedure are released from the hospital within a day. He suggested there's "a little more to the story" based on her five-day hospital recovery.
Allaf said doctors might have kept Melania longer in order to rule out lung disease, which can be associated with the need for embolization.
But that's not one of the explanations for Melania's absence that made the rounds online. According to Politico, the preferred conspiracy theories range from moving in with the Obamas to pen a bombshell tell-all about her husband to her working with special counsel Robert Mueller.
On May 25, responding to reporters' questions about the first lady's wellbeing, President Trump gestured toward a White House window and said, "She's doing great. She's looking at us right there." As reported at the Washington Post, there was no sign of Melania in any of the windows. The remark may well have been an off-hand comment not meant to be taken literally.
Melania has tweeted four times since her surgery. On May 16, she thanked the staff at Walter Reed and wrote she was "feeling great" and looking "forward to getting back home @WhiteHouse soon." She tweeted on May 18 a message of support to students of the mass shooting at Santa Fe High School. She also tweeted about the Medal of Honor recipient Master Chief Slabinski, and sent a patriotic message on Memorial Day to "honor the many Americans who laid down their lives for our great country."
In early May, Melania launched her "Be Best" campaign against cyberbullying, and seemed to be becoming more comfortable with stepping into the spotlight following the successful state dinner in late April with French president Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte.
It remains to be seen if Melania will move back into a more public role after her 20 days and counting of absence from the spotlight.
Congratulations to The Spectator for opening a new avenue of conversation in the opioid crisis. This real and raging crisis is burying the larger issue of pain management. The two articles, one highlighting the feelings of abandonment of people suffering from chronic pain and the other presenting alternatives to drugs for treating pain are vital to the battle with opioid use.
I am one of those seniors who need a voice. Chronic pain has been a burden in my life for almost 20 years. I lost my career, my pension, financial security and my sense of direction. I have carved a new, limited quality of life thanks to the care of a pain specialist and access to health insurance. Now I wish to speak out about the crisis swirling about us — the use of opioids in pain management.
I have researched this crisis within a crisis. My sources include The Spectator, other major dailies, the 2016 census, JAMA, PAIN, fellow sufferers and pain management specialists. Here is what I've learned.
There are alternatives that complement drugs for treating pain. The challenge is cost. Few of these choices are covered, fewer seniors have coverage and the costs are beyond most pensioners. Treatments such as therapeutic massage, physio, Chiropractic, acupuncture, osteopathic and other relevant treatments cost between $65 to $95 per hour. The problem with non-drug treatment is lack of funding for patients who need it most. Chronic pain patients are often unemployed, poorly supported financially and often with good primary care to advocate for them. And an insurance policy might cover three months of treatment per year.
There is increasingly strong evidence that practically all of the strong physical/neurological mechanisms underlying chronic pain are poorly addressed by the strong opioids. While Gabapentin and pregabalin are covered, buprenorphine/naloxone, tramadol and tapendadel, that are more effective than strong opioids and less likely to produce tolerance and dependence are not covered through Trillium, Ontario Works or ODSP. To seek relief patients are driven to doctor shopping, expensive trips to the emergency ward, after hour clinics and finally to the streets. People in pain will not stop seeking relief despite the risks. Is turning patients to the streets worth the savings gained in not covering these medications and subsidizing alternatives that support drug therapy?
My life is filled with constant pain, a cane, depression, all consuming fatigue and a new identity — a disabled parking sticker. My regime includes effective pain medication, limited access to alternate therapies and the time spent with a pain specialist and my understanding family doctor. I have limited insurance coverage and constant support from my family.
One problem in a 15 minute doctor visits doesn't meet the need. Doctors need more time to help pain patients and should be paid for that time. I learned that training veterinarians in Ontario receive more chronic pain education than family doctors. As seniors live longer, chronic pain grows into a larger crisis year by year. In 2012, approximately 35 per cent of Ontario doctors would not prescribe opioids to any patient either chronic or terminal. A chronic pain sufferer I know recently went to the street for relief from an industrial accident incurred 20 years ago.
As your reporter learned from one patient, "I was told to reduce, so I did. It's terrible. It's very, very hard." It's especially hard when the doctor's bag of tricks includes alternatives that so many cannot afford. A doctor can prescribe an opioid drug that is covered yet non opioid medications that are more effective are beyond the reach of the patient.
Chronic pain costs — in dollars, in training, and in quality of life. According to the 2016 census and Ontario's population share, our portion of the annual direct cost of chronic pain is $2.3B. Our portion of the productivity cost is $14.3B. Sixty per cent of chronic pain sufferers eventually lose their jobs. For those still working the median sick leave is 28.5 days per year. Waiting to access chronic pain care cost the patient a median of $17, 544 in lost labour time.
Health care in Canada is not supposed to be dependent upon the depth of your pocket. Yet it's clear that people, especially seniors, without insurance or sufficient, stable income cannot afford the effective treatments for chronic pain. Yet can access medications that are proven not to be the best choice. Can covering the costs of effective medications and access to alternate therapies cost more than the current burden of $2.3B and $14.3B? As more people become seniors and live longer, the percentage of chronic pain sufferers will rise. Current employment trends offer less stability and reduced insurance protection. The upcoming increase in the minimum wage will help people meet basic food and shelter costs but it will not address the costs of medication and alternate therapies. The cost of living prohibits most people from buying private insurance.
The U.S. mainstream media is determined to prove Russia-gate despite the scandal's cracking foundation and its inexplicable anomalies, such as why Russia would set up a Facebook “puppies” page, writes Robert Parry.
By Robert Parry
October 06, 2017 “Information Clearing House” – What is perhaps most unprofessional, unethical and even immoral about the U.S. mainstream media's coverage of Russia-gate is how all the stories start with the conclusion – “Russia bad” – and then make whatever shards of information exist fit the preordained narrative.
For instance, we're told that Facebook executives, who were sent back three times by Democratic lawmakers to find something to pin on Russia, finally detected $100,000 worth of ads spread out over three years from accounts “suspected of links to Russia” or similar hazy wording.
These Facebook ads and 201 related Twitter accounts, we're told, represent the long-missing proof about Russian “meddling” in the U.S. presidential election after earlier claims faltered or fell apart under even minimal scrutiny.
For example, not only have major questions been raised about whether Russian intelligence operatives were behind the “hacking” of Democratic emails, but the Senate Intelligence Committee announced on Wednesday that two early elements of the Russia-gate hysteria — minor changes that were made to the Republican platform and a brief meeting between Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak and then-Sen. (now Attorney General) Jeff Sessions at Washington's Mayflower Hotel — have been dropped as innocent or inconsequential.
But like all good conspiracy theories, once one allegation is dismissed as meaningless, it is replaced by another and another.
In the old days, journalists might have expressed some concern that Facebook “found” the “Russia-linked” ads only under extraordinary pressure from powerful politicians, such as Sen. Mark Warner, D-Virginia, the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee and a leading legislator on the tech industry. But today's mainstream reporters took Warner's side and made it look like Facebook had been dragging its heels and that there must be much more out there.
However, it doesn't really seem to matter how little evidence there is. Anything will do.
Even the paltry $100,000 is not put in any perspective (Facebook has annual revenue of $27 billion), nor the 201 Twitter accounts (compared to Twitter's 328 million monthly users). Nor are the hazy allegations of “suspected … links to Russia” subjected to serious inspection. Although Russia is a nation of 144 million people and many divergent interests, it's assumed that everything must be personally ordered by President Vladimir Putin.
Yet, if you look at some of the details about these $100,000 in ads, you learn the case is even flimsier than you might have thought. The sum was spread out over 2015, 2016 and 2017 – and thus represented a very tiny pebble in a very large lake of Facebook activity.
But more recently we learned that only 44 percent of the ads appeared before Americans went to the polls last November, according to Facebook; that would mean that 56 percent appeared afterwards.
Facebook added that “roughly 25% of the ads were never shown to anyone. … For 50% of the ads, less than $3 was spent; for 99% of the ads, less than $1,000 was spent.”
So, as minuscule as the $100,000 in ad buys over three years may have seemed, the tiny pebble turns out really to be only a fraction of a tiny pebble if the Russians indeed did toss it into the 2016 campaign.
What About the Puppies?
We further have learned that most ads weren't for or against a specific candidate, but rather addressed supposedly controversial issues that the mainstream media insists were meant to divide the United States and thus somehow undermine American democracy.
Except, it turns out that one of the issues was puppies.
As Mike Isaac and Scott Shane of The New York Times reported in Tuesday's editions, “The Russians who posed as Americans on Facebook last year tried on quite an array of disguises. … There was even a Facebook group for animal lovers with memes of adorable puppies that spread across the site with the help of paid ads.”
Now, there are a lot of controversial issues in America, but I don't think any of us would put puppies near the top of the list. Isaac and Shane reported that there were also supposedly Russia-linked groups advocating gay rights, gun rights and black civil rights, although precisely how these divergent groups were “linked” to Russia or the Kremlin was never fully explained. (Facebook declined to offer details.)
At this point, a professional journalist might begin to pose some very hard questions to the sources, who presumably include many partisan Democrats and their political allies hyping the evil-Russia narrative. It would be time for some lectures to the sources about the consequences for taking reporters on a wild ride in conspiracy land.
Yet, instead of starting to question the overall premise of this “scandal,” journalists at The New York Times, The Washington Post, CNN, etc. keep making excuses for the nuttiness. The explanation for the puppy ads was that the nefarious Russians might be probing to discover Americans who might later be susceptible to propaganda.
“The goal of the dog lovers' page was more obscure,” Isaac and Shane acknowledged. “But some analysts suggested a possible motive: to build a large following before gradually introducing political content. Without viewing the entire feed from the page, now closed by Facebook, it is impossible to say whether the Russian operators tried such tactics.”
The Joe McCarthy of Russia-gate
The Times then turned to Clinton Watts, a former FBI agent and a top promoter of the New McCarthyism that has swept Official Washington. Watts has testified before Congress that almost anything that appears on social media these days criticizing a politician may well be traceable to the Russians.
For instance, last March, Watts testified in conspiratorial terms before the Senate Intelligence Committee about “social media accounts discrediting U.S. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan.” At the time, Ryan was under criticism for his ham-handed handling of a plan to “repeal and replace” Obamacare, but Watts saw possible Russian fingerprints.
No Advertising – No Government Grants – This Is Independent Media Get Our Free Daily Newsletter You can't buy your way onto these pages
Watts also claimed that Sen. Marco Rubio's presidential bid “anecdotally suffered” from an online Russian campaign against him, though many of you may have thought Rubio flamed out because he was a wet-behind-the-ears candidate who performed robotically in the debates and received the devastating nickname “Little Marco” from Donald Trump.
Watts explained that these nefarious Russian schemes left no discernible earmarks or detectable predictability. Russians attack “people on both sides of the aisle … solely based on what they [the Russians] want to achieve in their own landscape, whatever the Russian foreign policy objectives are,” Watts complained.
Watts's vague allegations appear to have been the impetus behind Sen. Warner's repeated demands that Facebook find some evidence to support the suspicions. After Facebook came up empty twice, Warner flew to Silicon Valley to personally confront Facebook executives who then found what Warner wanted them to find, the $100,000 in suspected Russia-linked ad buys.
So, it perhaps made sense that the Times would turn to Watts to explain the rather inexplicable Russian exploitation of puppies. According to Isaac and Shane, Watts “said Russia had been entrepreneurial in trying to develop diverse channels of influence. Some, like the dogs page, may have been created without a specific goal and held in reserve for future use. ‘They were creating many audiences on social media to try to influence around,' said Mr. Watts, who has traced suspected Russian accounts since 2015.”
In other words, if you start with the need to prove Russian guilt, there are no alternative explanations besides Russian guilt. If some fact, like the puppies page, doesn't seem to fit the sinister conspiracy theory, you simply pound it into place until it does.
Yes, of course, Russian intelligence operatives must be so sneaky that they are spending money (but not much) on Facebook puppy ads so they might sometime in the future slip in a few other ideological messages. It can't be that perhaps the ads were not part of some Russian government intelligence operation.
The Russ-kie Plot
But even if we want to believe that these ads are a Russ-kie plot and were somehow intended to sow dissension in the U.S., the totals are insignificant, a subset of a subset of a subset of $100,000 in ad buys over three years that, as far as anyone can tell, had no real no impact on the 2016 election – and surely much, much, much less than the political influence from, say, Israel.
If we apply Facebook's 44 percent figure, that would suggest the total spending in the two years before the election was around $44,000 and much of that focused on a diverse set of issues, not specific candidates. So, if some Russians did spend money to promote gay rights and to push gun rights, any negligible impact on the 2016 election would more or less have been canceled out between Clinton and Trump.
Yet, over these still unproven and speculative allegations of Russian “links” to these Facebook ads, the national Democrats and their mainstream media allies are stoking a dangerous and expensive New Cold War with nuclear-armed Russia.
I realize that lots of Democrats were upset about Hillary Clinton's humiliating defeat and don't want to believe that she could have lost fairly to a buffoon like Donald Trump. So, they are looking for any excuses rather than looking in the mirror.
The major U.S. news outlets also have joined the anti-Trump Resistance, rather than upholding the journalistic principles of objectivity and fairness. The Post even came up with a new melodramatic slogan for the moment: “Democracy Dies in Darkness.”
But yellow journalism is not the way to shed light into darkness; it only blinds Democrats from seeing the real reasons behind Trump's appeal to many working-class whites who feel disaffected from a Democratic Party that seems disinterested in their suffering.
Yes, I know that some Democrats are still hoping against hope that they can ride Russia-gate all the way to Trump's impeachment and get him ridden out of Washington D.C. on a rail, but the political risk to Democrats is that they will harden the animosity that many in the white working class already feel toward the party.
That could do more to strengthen Trump's appeal to these voters than to weaken him, while hollowing out Democratic support among millions of peace voters who may simply declare a plague on both parties.
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com).
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/47958.htm
Dear TWU Alumni,
I wanted to let you all know that in two weeks, on Nov. 30 and Dec. 1, the Supreme Court of Canada will hear arguments in Trinity Western's case to have a law school. There has been a significant change in the Law Societies' position since this case began, and I believe it is important that every member of the Trinity community understand this change.
The Law Society of Upper Canada (Ontario) now says that it must reject Trinity Western not just because of Trinity's position on marriage, but also because of our "distinctly Christian" environment. In its written argument filed with the Supreme Court of Canada, the Law Society highlighted every part of the Community Covenant it found discriminatory. The first two highlighted words were "Jesus Christ." It has become apparent that along with the Christian virtues that we commit to practice, the law societies wish to prohibit the very faith that distinguishes this University.
I recognize that not everyone in our Trinity Western community agrees with the way marriage is defined in the Community Covenant. It is my sincere hope and prayer that, while our sometimes divergent views may be strongly held, we would stand together as a community, sustaining the distinctives that have made Trinity Western University all that it is today. I would ask that you join me, and many others across this country and beyond, in prayer for a constructive outcome that would benefit the community as a whole, while providing a deeply caring environment for all individuals who comprise this community.
I do not propose to set out the legal issues, nor argue the merits of the position that we have taken consistent with both well-established legal principles and the Christian values upon which Trinity Western was founded. A full explanation of the issues and links to the various relevant documents setting out the arguments can be found at our new resource website here. You can also visit our pray for freedom site for an additional supporting resource.
In preparing myself for the challenges we are facing I have placed directly in my line of sight under my computer screen the words of Christ found in John 16:33. "In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world." This is not a time to be discouraged (I will share my own battles with discouragement in Chapel Tuesday of next week, November 21). This is a time to come boldly before the throne of God with our prayers for peace that only He can give as we submit to Him.
As always, my door remains open for discussions with any member of our Trinity Western community.
In His Service,
Bob Kuhn
Many of you have been following the case of British Columbia's Trinity Western University for quite some time. With Canadian law societies claiming that law students from a university with Christian principles would be too warped and bigoted by those principles to practice law in Canadian society, the case winding its way to the Supreme Court of Canada is one of the most consequential for religious freedom in over a decade. If Trinity Western loses the case, it will confirm in law what many progressive politicians already affirm in the actions they are taking against Christian schools across the country: Christians, based on their beliefs in biblical sexuality, are now second-class citizens.Last week, Trinity Western University President Bob Kuhn sent out an email updating TWU alumni on the progress of the case-and included some jarring new developments:The current cultural climate has emboldened progressive activists who would have once insisted that there is no incompatibility between the society they want and the truths that Christ preached are beginning, slowly but surely, to abandon those feeble fictions. It is Christ Himself, as the Law Society for Upper Canada admits, Who is the problem. The lawyers must feel that they are pushing at an open door: After all, a poll earlier this year showed that over half of Canadians felt that religion does more harm than good.Trinity Western University is one of the canaries in the coal mine, and we should all be watching it very closely.
The Scripps National Spelling Bee is upon us, meaning this is your chance to see some of the sharpest kids in the country face off in a bout of spelling supremacy. And while you're watching them spell out one impossibly complicated word after another, you might find yourself wondering: how much do spelling bee contestants study? Just how much time and effort does it take to compete against the best?
It's a massive undertaking, make no mistake. There isn't an ironclad, definitive answer to this question, as different competitors will have different approaches to preparing for the big event. For some top-level spellers, however, the training schedule can be downright intense.
For example, according to CBS News, 2004 Scripps National Spelling Bee champ David Tidmarsh studied seven days a week for months upon months, even working through illness to prepare himself for the contest. It ultimately paid off, needless to say, as he took home the trophy after correctly spelling the word "autochthonous," a noun referring to an indigenous resident of a place.
The father of the 2012 winner, Snigdha Nandipati, also revealed that she trained with a staggering 30,000 flash cards, a practically unthinkable number, and definitely a tall order as far as time consumed is concerned.
In short, being a spelling bee champion not an ambition for anyone who can't bear the thought of studying (let alone that much, and for that long), because success at the highest level takes a whole lot of it. Virtually any word can get thrown at you at any time, and you need to have put in the hours to either know exactly how to spell it, or how to make the best possible guess.
Alex Wong/Getty Images News/Getty Images
A brief rundown of the winning words from the last several Scripps National Spelling Bees really hammers home just how high the degree of difficulty is, and why it takes such an incredible amount of studying to succeed:
In 2017, Ananya Vinay won the bee on the word "marocain."
In 2016, the bee ended in a tie, with Nihar Saireddy Janga finishing on the word "gesellschaft" and Jairam Hathwar finishing on the word "Feldenkrais."
In 2015, the bee ended in a tie, with Vanya Shivashankar finishing on the word "scherenschnitte" and Gokul Venkatachalam finishing on the word "nunatak."
In 2014, the bee ended in ― you guessed it ― a tie. Ansun Sujoe finished with the word "feuilleton," while Sriram Hathwar finished with the word "stichomythia."
In 2013, Arvind Mahankali won the bee on the word "knaidel."
In 2012, the aforementioned Snigdha Nandipati won the bee on the word "guetapens."
Alex Wong/Getty Images News/Getty Images
In short, these are hard words, ones that most people have probably nevever even heard of before. What's "feuilleton" mean? Do you know? Does anyone know? Well, according to Merriam-Webster, it's a noun referring to a "part of a European newspaper or magazine devoted to material designed to entertain the general reader." But even if you knew that, could you spell it? Not very likely.
But that's exactly the kind of challenge participants in this year's spelling bee, hailing from schools all across the country, will be taking on this week. If you're interested in watching all the drama, intensity, and yes, heartbreak, you won't have to wait much longer.
The 2018 Scripps National Spelling Bee is being held in Maryland, from Tuesday, May 29 through Thursday, May 31. The competition is aired live on ESPN, and you can also watch online through the ESPN app. The closing finals round will be held on Thursday night, from 8:30-10:30 p.m. ET, so make sure you don't miss it.
In addition to being an Olympian, winning 23 Grand Slam titles, and being a tennis player since the age of three, Serena Williams is now also a fashion designer. Williams just launched Serena, her first independent clothing line, adding another notch onto her belt of successes.
If you feel like this is out of left field for the athlete, it's actually pretty in-step with her interests. Williams went to the Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale for fashion design back in 1999, and has collaborated on a series of other fashion collections previously, teaming up with everyone from Nike to the Home Shopping Network. But the difference with those collections was that she wasn't completely in control of the design direction, and now she is.
On May 30, Williams launched the first 13 pieces of her Serena line, which is found exclusively online at SerenaWilliams.com. According to the athlete-slash-entrepreneur-slash-fashion-mogul, the line is “inspired by femininity and strength" and takes into account all budget lines, where prices range from $15 to $215.
"My designs are inspired by strong, sexy, sophisticated, sassy, sure, smart, stylish, silly, and spontaneous women who are living their best lives, or making it up as they go—kinda like me," she shared on her site. "Every woman's success should be an inspiration to another. We're strongest when we cheer each other on. I dedicate this collection to everyone who's ready to rep their S."
Her designs are meant to help you be seen and be heard, offering everything from satin joggers to metallic jackets.
The items have thoughtful details on them, too, really cinching that idea that the line is here to empower and inspire women in their daily lives. For example, in an interview with WWD, Williams shared that she has an upcoming motivational section in her collection, where one of the pants have the mantra "I am beautiful, I am strong," running down its leg.
"This is our ‘friendly reminder' pant, just in case you forget; if you're having a tough day, you look down and you're like, ‘You know what, I got this. I'm strong, I'm beautiful, I got this,'" Williams says.
She's also planning to bring the '80s back, where she wants to skip the stretchy jeans that the fashion market is over-saturated with and try to bring back the raw denim look of the '80s and '90s that Levi's made so popular.
“I wanted to go back to that structured denim," Williams shared with People. "I just love how Levi's have the best regular denim in the '80s and the '90s. That's kind of what we were inspired by this collection.”
To give you an idea what's already available — and what will be coming soon — below are some picks from the line. The only downside is that the sizes are limited and only go up to a size 14, which means that the line ends at the average size of U.S. women. But seeing how only the first 13 pieces have been released, there's still a chance Williams has a more size-inclusive selection in the works.
Serena Williams Knockout Metallic Jacket $215 Serena Williams Give your athleisure some shimmer with this chic black and gold anorak jacket. Wear it with leggings and your favorite kicks, or pair it with shorts to flash some leg underneath the baggy jacket. Buy Now
From satin slips to chic workout clothes, Serena has you covered in style.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The man found dead at the popular landmark Cheddar Gorge near Bristol has been named by the coroner.
Emergency services were called on Wednesday, April 18 after the body of a man was discovered.
The man has now been named as 44-year-old Matthew Henry West, Somerset Live reports.
Paramedics, fire crews as well as the police and coastguard were all called after the body of a man was discovered last week.
(Image: Patrick J L Davies)
The area where the body was found is known as landslip quarry, according to its owner, the National Trust.
(Image: Patrick J L Davies)
The senior coroner for Somerset, Tony Williams, confirmed the 44-year-old found dead at the Somerset beauty spot resort was found on a ledge about 30 feet up from road level.
(Image: Patrick J L Davies)
An interim post-mortem report has confirmed Mr West died from multiple injuries. An inquest is set to be opened into his death which is not being treated as suspicious.
(Image: Patrick J L Davies)
Avon and Somerset Constabulary were called to Cheddar Gorge at 12.06pm on April 18 to reports of a body on a ledge at the side of the Gorge.
A cordon was put in place while they carried out investigations.
INDIANAPOLIS — The Indianapolis Colts arrived for practice Wednesday in T-shirts supporting a suburban Indianapolis community rocked by last week's school shooting.
Players and coaches wore the "Noblesville strong" shirts throughout their workout. Team employees pitched in by wearing them around the team complex.
Two people were injured in the shooting, including Jason Seaman, a teacher and former FCS football player who stopped the alleged shooter at Noblesville Middle School. Colts offensive lineman Joe Haeg said he knew Seaman because they squared off in conference play.
Seaman attended Southern Illinois and his college number, 91, was on the shirts. Haeg attended FCS power North Dakota State.
Parents of multples need to be patient. Everything takes longer. ( Dreamstime )
Do twins run in your family? Are your son and daughter identical? Do you have help? Do you want more children? Parents of multiples learn early on to field these amusing questions, along with the occasional unwanted advice and horror story with a grain of salt. Parents of multiples are often punctual and run a tight ship at home. Their children typically go to bed at the same time every night, and the parents almost always have a sense of humor. For most, this doesn't happen overnight. It takes sleepless nights, duct-taped diapers, baby gate and crib failures, and accidentally locking the kids and keys inside the car before they truly get the hang of wrangling multiple children. Here are tips from parents with twins, triplets or more on how to survive and thrive when parenting multiples: Join a parent of multiples group. The support from other parents of multiples is like no other. They just get it. Arrange play dates regularly.
Article Continued Below
Stick to a schedule. Having infants on the same sleeping and feeding schedule is the key to your sanity. Consider reading On Becoming Baby Wise or consulting with a sleep specialist, and have everyone in the household on board with the plan. Plan ahead. The baby shower, baby moon, pregnancy photos and nursery should all be completed before the 28-week pregnancy mark. Multiples often arrive ahead of schedule and may need to spend time in the neonatal intensive care unit. Learn everything you can from the NICU nurses. Tell people how they can help. Hire a housecleaner and enlist in delivery services if you can afford it. Don't be afraid to ask family, friends and even neighbors to pick up groceries or drop off dinner and a bottle of wine.
Did everyone catch last week's controversy around the New York Times interview in which male cast members of Arrested Development shushed co-star Jessica Walter for speaking out about how her screen husband Jeffrey Tambor verbally abused her on set? Most of the men quickly apologized, but it was instructive.
HBO's The Tale depicts young Jenny (Isabelle Nelisse) being groomed by Mrs. G (Elizabeth Debicki) and her lover/neighbour Bill (Jason Ritter). ( KYLE KAPLAN/HBO )
Every one of those men, I'm sure, considers himself “a good guy.” I'd bet that they'd condemn accused serial assaulter Harvey Weinstein, who turned himself in to police last week. But suggest to them that they have ingrained assumptions and prejudices that marginalize women, which are more subtle but still potent, and they're shocked, shocked. It's as if each individual man sees how other men are sexist, but can't see it in himself until it's explicitly pointed out to him. To wit, Morgan Freeman, who also last week was accused of harassment and issued the kind of “if I made women uncomfortable then I'm sorry” apology that I find infuriating. So this is a great moment for the arrival of HBO's new movie The Tale, now available on demand. It's based on true events that happened to its writer/director, Jennifer Fox. When she was 13, she spent the summer of 1973 at a riding camp run by the glamorous Mrs. G (Elizabeth Debicki). Mrs. G and her lover/neighbour, Bill (Jason Ritter), groomed and then sexually abused Fox.
Article Continued Below
But the tale Fox told herself well into adulthood was that the affair was consensual, that she was the hero of her story, not the victim. Not until she discovered a story about that summer written by her 13-year-old self did she put the pieces together. (Laura Dern plays adult Jenny; Canada's Isabelle Nélisse plays her at 13.) The Tale depicts the haziness of memory cinematically. In one flashback, it's snowing; in a different flashback to the same scene, it's autumn. The most striking of these reversals occurs near the beginning: Jenny sees herself in a flashback looking almost sexually mature. Then her mother (Ellen Burstyn) says, “No, that was you at 15. This is you at 13.” The difference makes you gasp. It's only two years, but it's a crucial two years. The film also spends 50 full minutes showing us how grooming works: how a 13-year-old can be made to feel that she's consenting to something to which she can't possibly consent. Bill and Mrs. G alternately challenge and then praise Jenny. They let her know that, though she feels invisible, they see her. They tell her she's brave, smart, sensitive, that she's special and deep — everything she longs to hear and to believe about herself. Soon, she's spending the night at Bill's and he's telling her, “I want to save you from all the stupid young boys out there.” (Adult body doubles were used in the sex scenes.) As adult Jenny recovers memories, and interviews other women who were there, we see the dawning realization of her participation in the lie; we see her struggle to readjust her sense of self to accommodate the new truth.
It's difficult and sad and not always clear, but that's Fox's point. Yes, issues of abuse can be fuzzy. Yes, admitting that can complicate things. But instead of running away from or denying the grey areas, Fox illuminates them. Johanna Schneller writes weekly about television's impact on culture. Outside the Box usually appears Thursdays.
So Carl, who's been played by 18-year-old Chandler Riggs since the show began in 2010, has one more episode to live. Best pack some tissues for the mid-season premiere on Feb. 25.
Turns out Rick's son, Carl, was bitten by a zombie while recruiting new character Siddiq two episodes ago. And no, they can't just chop off his leg à la Hershel. The bite is on his side, as he revealed to Rick and Michonne at the end of the episode.
It wasn't the major character slaughter we might have expected with Negan and his Saviors regaining the upper hand on Rick and his allies; it was the promise of a death to come.
This raises a couple of questions. What are Carol and Jerry doing driving past the Sanctuary at that particular moment? And after all the hassle Rick went through bargaining to get the Scavengers back in the war — being imprisoned in a storage container in his underwear and nearly being sliced and diced by a spiked-helmet-wearing walker — it was all for this? The Scavengers bailing at the first sign of trouble? So what was the point of that whole side plot?
Back at the Sanctuary: We picked up where we left off last week with the look of utter dismay on Rick's face as he realizes the Sanctuary is a walker-free zone and none of his lookouts are answering their walkie talkies. Still, he and the Scavengers approach the deserted-looking compound and are promptly shot at. The Scavengers run away, leaving Rick pinned down behind a car until Carol and Jerry drive up in the nick of time to collect Rick.
Scenes of Rick at the Sanctuary are intercut with flashbacks of Carl trying to convince his dad that the end result of this all-out war has to be more than just killing all the Saviors. “Finding some ways forward, that's harder. That's something more. That's how it's gotta be,” says Carl. This back and forth was majorly distracting and seemed pointless until we got to the end of the episode and realized that Carl was dying.
Destination Oceanside: We last saw Aaron and Enid driving off on some vague mission to ensure the Alexandrians win the war, which turns out to be a new bid to recruit the all-female Oceanside community. There are some flaws in this plan; namely that the Oceansiders usually kill first and ask questions later; and the Alexandrians aren't their favourite folks, having stolen all of their guns. But Enid tries to counter that last disadvantage by detouring to a distillery to hijack a truck full of goodies for the Oceansiders. Then Enid shoots and kills their leader, Natania, as the latter is about to dispatch Aaron with a spear. Distraught Oceansiders take Aaron and Enid prisoner. I can't imagine what twisted logic the showrunners will employ to get the Oceansiders into the war, but I'm sure they'll come up with something; otherwise, what's the point of reintroducing these characters?
Back at Alexandria: Daryl and Tara are congratulating themselves on their decision to diverge from Rick's plan and ram a truck into the wall of the Sanctuary, allowing it to be overrun with walkers. “It worked. They're gonna give up,” Daryl tells Michonne.
Except it didn't. As night falls, Negan and the Saviors come banging on Alexandria's gate. “Let's just cut the cow shit,” says Negan. “You lose, it's over.” He's giving them three minutes to open the gate and then line up outside their houses and apologize, and the person with the “lamest” apology will be killed.
Carl — who we saw earlier looking sad and writing a note to Rick — has a plan. He goes to the gate to stall Negan, offering himself up to be killed as punishment, while the others load into trucks that they bust through Alexandria's back walls and through a ring of Saviors' cars. Negan orders every house in Alexandria blown up except Rick's. He also wants Carl found, but Carl gets away with the help of smoke bombs and disappears into a sewer.
Back at the Kingdom: King Ezekiel's domain has been overrun by Saviors and the king himself is hiding out after hearing the ruckus outside the theatre where he's been holed up having a pity party. The Kingdomites are told the Saviours are taking over their homes and they'll be sent to the Sanctuary to clean up dead zombies and such. But first, they have five minutes to hand over Ezekiel or things will get “traumatic.” Ezekiel takes matter into his own hands by blowing up some fuel then roaring up in a school bus as a diversion so his people can run away. But he refuses to let Carol rescue him, telling her to “save them like you saved me,” closing the gates in her face and surrendering to the Saviors. I doubt that Ezekiel is going to be killed and strung up at the Sanctuary, as threatened, since we saw Morgan eavesdropping on the Saviors just outside the Kingdom's gate, which likely means a rescue mission is at hand.
The Hilltop defies: For some unfathomable reason, Maggie and Jesus and a bunch of Hilltoppers are out driving around in the dark when they see a tree blocking their way. Maggie realizes right away it's a trap, but they're surrounded by Saviors before they can turn around. Simon is holding Jerry prisoner in the back of a cube van and threatens to shoot him, put Maggie in a coffin, execute her and put her on a spike in front of the Sanctuary unless she takes her people back to Hilltop and continues growing food for the Saviors. Just to emphasize his point, Simon kills some guy in the back seat of Maggie's car named Neil whom we've never seen before.
Maggie asks Simon a question we'd all like the answer to. How did the Saviors escape the Sanctuary after it was overrun by walkers? Simon doesn't really say although it has to do with Eugene, who obviously repaired the loudspeakers since we hear music that's being used to lead the rest of the zombie herd away.
Maggie agrees to Simon's demands and asks to take the coffin with her to bury Neil. But instead, she executes one of the Saviors being held prisoner at Hilltop, puts him in the coffin and orders it left where the Saviors will find it, with the words “We have 38 more. Stand down” scrawled on the lid.
Eugene's crisis of conscience: Eugene can't sleep, not even after he guzzles some wine. Next thing you know he's waking up a still ailing Father Gabriel and the Hilltop's kidnapped doctor, and giving them keys to a car parked outside the north gate, the same gate from which the guard is absent having been given a dose of laxatives by Eugene. But he refuses Gabriel's plea to come to Hilltop with them, with good reason. It's hard to picture Eugene rejoining his former “travelling companions,” as he called them, after so wholeheartedly betraying them in the service of Negan.
Alexandria Part 2: Savior turncoat Dwight helps Daryl and Michonne and the rest of the Alexandria refugees kill a bunch of Saviors by leading them into an ambush and shooting some of them himself. But one of the Saviors shoots Dwight in the arm for his treachery before escaping. Unable to return to the Sanctuary, Dwight convinces the Alexandrians to take him to their underground hiding place.
Rick finally returns to what's left of Alexandria and goes straight to his house in search of Carl and Judith where he instead finds Negan and Lucille (would the fact it's the only one standing not be a tip-off?). Rick and Negan fight and, at one point, Rick gets hold of Lucille, but it ends with Rick being thrown through a window, having handily managed to grab his gun before his equally handy exit. He wanders off and finds Michonne, who's turning a Savior who accosted her into sushi with her sword. Together they head to the sewer, where they find Carl looking pale and sweaty.
“I brought him here,” says Carl when Rick notices new guy Siddiq in a corner. “That's how it happened,” he adds before lifting his shirt and displaying the teeth marks in his flesh. (This will hardly make Rick more accepting of this stranger now that he knows he played a role in his son's imminent death.)
So The Walking Dead is finally killing off a major character, albeit one whose demise doesn't bode well for the postapocalyptic future given his youth and relative optimism. Showrunner Scott M. Gimple says Carl still has “some business to attend to” in February's mid-season premiere, but there will be no miracles. Carl is definitely going to die.
Following a federal court ruling, the Pentagon has confirmed it will allow openly transgender individuals to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1. The Trump administration had resisted that deadline in court, seeking to have its ban on new transgender troops reinstated — but on Monday, Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly upheld an earlier decision to temporarily block President Trump's ban.
That ban has been under fire since it was issued in a presidential memorandum in August. It quickly drew several lawsuits, and two federal judges — including Kollar-Kotelly in October — moved to put it on hold while those cases were decided in the courts. As NPR's Camila Domonoske explained then, Kollar-Kotelly found "that trans members of the military have a strong case that the president's ban would violate their Fifth Amendment rights."
The administration appealed that ruling, seeking to implement its ban during the pending court cases, only to see the appeal denied by Kollar-Kotelly on Monday.
In her decision, she noted that she was "not convinced by the vague claims" that the Jan. 1 deadline needed to be delayed. At the same time, she reiterated her October argument that trans service members have a strong case and questioned the administration's "portrayal of their situation as an emergency," considering more than three weeks passed before it filed the appeal.
"If complying with the military's previously established January 1, 2018 deadline to begin accession was as unmanageable as Defendants now suggest, one would have expected Defendants to act with more alacrity," she added in the final line of her decision.
The Department of Defense has announced it will comply with the order to allow transgender recruits — but in a statement Monday, the department made clear that it is doing so reluctantly.
"This policy will be implemented while the Department of Justice appeals those court orders," a Pentagon spokesperson said in the statement, adding: "DoD and the Department of Justice are actively pursuing relief from those court orders in order to allow an ongoing policy review scheduled to be completed before the end of March."
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the Justice Department is also "reviewing legal options" to ensure that the president's directive can be implemented.
Kollar-Kotelly's ruling marks a new step in a twisting legal drama that promises to continue for some time — and traces its origins to an Obama-era policy announced 18 months ago.
In June 2016, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced the Pentagon would be lifting a long-running ban on openly transgender service members. As part of that announcement, a one-year deadline was set for the military to begin admitting new transgender troops. But before that deadline could take effect earlier this year, it was quietly extended by six months — to Jan. 1, 2018.
Then, this past July, Trump tweeted that "the United States Government will not accept or allow transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military." He later issued an official presidential memo, slightly dialing back the severity suggested in his tweet: That order prohibited the enlistment of new troops who are openly transgender, halted the use of federal funds for sex reassignment surgeries, and left it to his defense secretary to decide whether to expel trans troops who are currently serving.
Secretary Jim Mattis announced just days later that current trans troops could remain in the military "in the interim."
Now, under the injunction that was upheld Monday, new trans troops can enlist, as well — at least temporarily as long as the lawsuits against Trump's ban are still pending, and perhaps permanently, if those lawsuits are successful.
"Today's announcements — both by the court and the Pentagon — signal that there is an awareness that it's not right to make military policy by tweets," Aaron Belkin, director of the Palm Center, which works on LGBT issues in the military, tells NPR's Greg Myre. "And when there's a deliberate process of study, then that process should be respected and implemented."
Although he made his initial mark in the jazz world, Jarreau's style, and his audience, crossed stylistic barriers. His music incorporated elements of pop, soul, gospel, Latin and other genres. It was a mark of his eclecticism that he won six Grammys across three different categories: jazz, pop and R & B. He was also among the performers on a Grammy-winning children's album, ‘In Harmony: A Sesame Street Record'.
If Jarreau's highly accessible, intensely personal style defied easy classification, that very accessibility — and, perhaps, the mere fact of his considerable commercial success — left some jazz purists sceptical. Reviewing a concert by Jarreau at the Savoy in New York in 1981, Stephen Holden of The New York Times encapsulated what many saw as both the pros and the cons of Jarreau's singular style: “Al Jarreau may be the most technically gifted singer working in jazz-fusion today,” Holden wrote. Of the evening's performance, however, he continued: “Mr. Jarreau's concert lacked the emotional range of great jazz. He is such a prodigious talent that the absence of even the slightest blues inflections kept his music from cutting deeply.” But critics' reservations never deterred Jarreau, who prided himself, as he told The Los Angeles Times in 1986, on his “jazz attitude,” which he defined as “the idea of being open to each and every moment as a chance to create something different”. “I try to be receptive,” he added, “and to be listening, and to not be afraid to try something new.” Nightclub career Alwin Lopez Jarreau was born in Milwaukee on March 12, 1940, into a musical family. His father, a minister, was a fine singer; his mother played the piano in church. Young Al began singing at 4, harmonising with his siblings. As a youth he sang in church, as well as with street-corner harmony groups and local jazz bands. Jarreau earned a bachelor's degree in psychology from Ripon College in Wisconsin in 1962, and a master's in vocational rehabilitation from the University of Iowa in 1964. Afterward he moved to San Francisco, where he worked as a rehabilitation counsellor for people with disabilities. But Jarreau found he could not resist the pull of jazz and before long was singing in local nightclubs. By the late ‘60s, he had quit his day job and embarked on a nightclub career, first on the West Coast and eventually in New York. He reached a national audience with the album ‘We Got By', released by Warner Bros. in 1975 to critical praise and commercial success. Though advertised as his debut, it was actually his second album. A decade earlier, Jarreau had quietly recorded an album, later released on the Bainbridge label under the title ‘1965'. Though Jarreau took legal action, without success, to block its belated release in 1982, it is esteemed by jazz connoisseurs today. Appearances on “Saturday Night Live” and other television shows raised his profile, as did extensive touring. In 1981 he had his biggest hit with the song ‘We're in This Love Together', which reached No. 15 on the Billboard pop singles chart. First Grammy He won his first Grammy in 1978, for best jazz vocal performance, for his album ‘Look to the Rainbow'. He won his last in 2007, for best traditional R & B vocal performance; the award was shared by Jarreau, George Benson and Jill Scott for their collaborative performance ‘God Bless the Child'. In between, in 1982, Jarreau earned a Grammy for best pop vocal performance by a male artist for the title track of his album ‘Breakin' Away'. That year, he also received the Grammy for best jazz vocal performance by a male artist, for his version of Dave Brubeck's ‘Blue Rondo à la Turk', from the same album. His other Grammys came in 1979 for the album ‘All Fly Home' (in the jazz category) and in 1993 for the album ‘Heaven and Earth' (in R & B). A seventh Grammy came in 1981 for ‘In Harmony: A Sesame Street Record', a compilation children's album that featured a range of artists. Among Jarreau's best-known recordings was the theme song for the long-running television series “Moonlighting,” for which he wrote the lyrics to Lee Holdridge's music. He appeared on Broadway as a replacement in the role of the Teen Angel in the 1994 revival of ‘Grease'. Jarreau's first marriage, to Phyllis Hall, ended in divorce. He is survived by his wife, the former Susan Player; a son, Ryan; two brothers, Marshall and Appie; and a sister, Rose Marie Freeman. More from People Emirati women on breaking barriers
How to tackle the job boredom rut
How immigrant experience shapes me
Telling human stories through portraits
CEDAR CITY, Utah — Brandon Better and Dwayne Morgan combined to score 31 points as Southern Utah rallied late and then held off Idaho State 84-80 to halt a three-game skid in Big Sky Conference play on Saturday afternoon.
Trailing 64-53, Morgan scored seven straight points to spark a 19-4 run, capped by Morgan's two free throws for a 72-68 lead with 5:05 left. The Thunderbirds pushed their advantage to 79-72 as they held Idaho State to just four points over seven minutes.
Idaho State's Brandon Boyd made three consecutive free throws, Jared Stutzman nailed a 3 and Boyd followed with a layup to close to 82-80 with 12 seconds left. Better was fouled and made both free throws to seal the victory as Southern Utah made 11 free throws down the stretch.
Better had 16 points, hitting four from distance, and Morgan added 15 points. Jamal Aytes and Christian Musoko had 12 points apiece for Southern Utah (9-13, 3-8).
A state official is contradicting Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder about when the governor learned about a Flint area Legionnaires' disease outbreak.
Harvey Hollins, who was coordinating the state's response to the Flint water crisis, says he told Snyder by phone in December 2015. But the governor has repeatedly said he didn't know until the next month when he announced the outbreak.
Snyder's office declined to comment Friday.
The issue emerged as Hollins testified at a court hearing involving Nick Lyon, head of the Department of Health and Human Services. Lyon is charged with involuntary manslaughter and misconduct. Prosecutors say he failed to alert the public quickly about Legionnaires'.
A judge must decide whether to send Lyon to trial. Some experts have linked Legionnaires' to Flint's poor water quality in 2014-15.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Lineage 2 Revolution (Photo courtesy of Netmarble Games) (Yonhap)
South Korea's longtime online game giant Nexon Korea Co. is finding itself threatened by its smaller local rival Netmarble Games Corp. partly as mobile has become a more popular platform than desktops, market watchers said Monday.Netmarble, South Korea's No. 1 mobile game developer and publisher, announced on Friday that its sales for the first half of this year came to 1.22 trillion won ($1 billion) on the back of the global popularity of its latest mobile game "Lineage 2 Revolution."It marked the first time for the company to top 1 trillion won since its foundation in 2001, and some watchers cautiously predicted that Netmarble's revenue may top that of Nexon.Sales for Nexon, meanwhile, came to 1.23 trillion won during the same period.Netmarble Games has produced some of the most successful mobile games, including "MARVEL Future Fight," "Seven Knights" and Lineage 2 Revolution in December last year. The company successfully debuted on Seoul's bourse in May.Lineage 2 Revolution, the mobile role-playing game, has gained huge popularity after its release in 11 Asian countries. It has raked in 20 billion won in revenue within just one month after its launch on the local market."Lineage M" by online game publisher NCsoft Corp. also had maintained the most popular app both in the Google Play Store and Apple's App Store in South Korea before the launch of Lineage 2 Revolution.The company reported weak performance for the second quarter despite a rise in sales in part due to the poor performance of the company's computer game business.Market watchers attributed the weaker-than-expected second-quarter earnings to more game players opting for the mobile platform than computers.They said Lineage M faces stiff competition from local game makers during the second half of this year, including Nexon's "Dark Avenger 3."Last month, Nexon launched the third edition of its mega-hit series "Dark Avenger," which has racked up more than 35 million downloads worldwide. (Yonhap)
SPRINGFIELD - As renovations continue at a new Police Department annex in East Springfield named in memory of former Police Chief Paul J. Fenton, a ceremony was held to honor Fenton in a gathering of local officials, colleagues and family members.
Those gathered for the ceremony at the former Arthur MacArthur Army Reserve Center, 50 East St., including U.S. Rep. Richard E. Neal, Mayor Domenic J. Sarno, Police Commissioner John Barbieri, and current and past police officials.
Replica commemorative plaques honoring Fenton were given to his sons Timothy, David and Paul J. Fenton Jr.
Paul Jr., who is the assistant general manager of the Nashville Predators hockey team, said he was "humbled" by the ceremony. He remembered his father as the "kindest man" he ever knew, and someone who loved the Police Department and the city of Springfield.
"He was electric, he was alive, he was committed, he was passionate - that's what he has passed on to all of us," Paul said. "My memory of him was standing up for what was right."
Neal, who was mayor of Springfield when Fenton was police chief, said the family can take "enormous pride" in Fenton's accomplishments.
"Nobody in my time served the city of Springfield with greater loyalty than Paul Fenton," Neal said.
The Paul J. Fenton Public Safety Annex is slated to be completed by the end of 2017. The federal government gave the property to the city free of charge, handing over the deed in 2015 with the provision that it must be retained for Police Department uses, as planned by the city.
The Police Department is relocating various specialized service units to the East Street center: a training academy, the property division, juvenile and youth services, and the Tactical Response Unit. Sarno and the City Council approved $12 million for renovations.
Fenton was a member of the Police Department for 42 years, including the last 15 years as police chief. He retired in 1988 and died in 2007 at the age of 83.
Sarno said Fenton was "fiercely dedicated" to his family, his Irish heritage and the Police Department. The decision to name the new annex in his honor was a "no-brainer," Sarno said.
Other speakers included former Police Commissioner William Fitchet and City Councilors Thomas Ashe and Michael Fenton, a family cousin.
There will be 2,400 athletes, 400 coaches, and countless supporters in Langley this weekend.
Several Langley athletes medaled earlier this month in the Fraser Valley championships in Abbotsford, some earning a spot at this weekend's provincials. (Black Press files)
The best of the best high school track and field athletes from throughout the province are converging on Langley this week.
Langley, and specifically the McLeod Athletic Park (MAP), are a preferred location for the BC High School Track and Field (BCTF) Championships that are happening Thursday through Saturday.
While the local track and most of its competition amenities are pretty standard, it's the covered stadium and media booth used for staging, as well as the jumbotron that keep organizer Andrew Lenton and the team from the BCTF's commission coming back to Langley again and again.
“The media tower makes a great staging area for the event, for us, from an organizational perspective,” he said.
“But the feedback we get from the spectators is that the jumbotron is something they're really wanting to keep, so we've come back here.”
He said the Township's parks and rec staff have been “great to deal with.” And the commission's long-standing relationship with the Langley Mustangs track and field club has made it possible to facilitate “an event of this magnitude” year after year.
“It's a really great facility. The Township of Langley is great to work with, their parks and rec. The facilities are great,” said Lenton, who is assistant coach at Maple Ridge Secondary and commissioner for the B.C. High School Track & Field Commission.
In addition to complimenting parks and rec, he said partnering with the Langley Mustangs track and field club to facilitate an event of this magnitude has been key.
“It's just a massive event,” Lenton said Wednesday afternoon from MAP.
It's one of the largest high school competitions of any kind in the country, comparable only to the Ontario track and field event, he said.
It will be a full house, added Lenton, noting that once again there will be 2,400 students from 335 high school throughout the province competing.
“We cap out. We limit and restrict who can come into the championships,” he explained. “There are many thousands and thousands more who have not been as lucky as to qualify or get a berth into the championships.”
In addition to all the athletes expected, there are another 400 coaches, and countless parents and supporters coming to Langley this weekend.
“This is a huge undertaking,” Lenton told the Langley Advance, explaining that these annual championships takes more than a year of prep time to arrange.
Speaking to that, he and the other commission directors started preparing for 2019's competition last summer.
The championships are primarily held within the Lower Mainland, because of facilities and logistics.
Only on rare occasions does it get moved to the Island or Interior.
It was hosted at the Apple Bowl in Kelowna in 1972, and Nanaimo in 2015, Lenton recalled. But he confirmed it will be back in Kelowna again next year, and he's already making plans for their return to Langley in 2020.
This is year six for Lenton at the helm.
“I thought I would do it for one year, and somehow I'm finding myself in year six. I don't know how that happened,” he said.
It's primarily the calibre of athletes he sees participating year after year, and their insatiable quest to better themselves, that keeps him coming back.
This year's competition includes 100, 200, 400, 800, and 1,500-metre races, long jump, shot put, high jump, javelin, triple jump, steeplechase, race walking, discus, and hammer for students Grade 8 through 12.
“This really is, in terms of high school track and field competition, as good as it gets,” he said.
“In fact, We have some of the best athletes in the world competing,” he added, encouraging sports enthusiasts to watch the performances.
“They're going to be exciting,” Lenton said of the various showdowns. “For a lot of the kids, this is what they've been practicing and training for months and months.”
While Thursday's action runs from 3 to about 8 p.m., Friday and Saturday are full days. Friday will see meets and competitions running from 8:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. and Saturday from 8:30 a.m. to about 5 p.m.
That's long days, Lenton admitted. But to make it more palatable for spectators, most of the finals have been arranged between about 2 and 5 p.m. on both Friday and Saturday.
“We've loaded in all the finals in those times,” or at least as many as they could accommodate.
More information: www.bctfa.ca.
MARLINS 9, NATIONALS 1
Washington ace Max Scherzer was tagged for three homers and six runs in six innings. Adam Eaton and Anthony Rendon each had two hits for the Nationals. Miami starter Trevor Richards worked four innings and allowed one run.
ASTROS 2, METS 0
Justin Verlander pitched seven shutout innings and Carlos Correa homered for Houston. Steven Matz struck out nine in six innings for New York.
ORIOLES 4, TIGERS 2
Baltimore starter Chris Tillman allowed one run in five innings. Detroit starter Michael Fulmer struck out five in five innings and gave up two runs. Dixon Machado doubled twice for the Tigers.
PIRATES 11, TWINS 8
Miguel Sano, who had three hits, and Brian Dozier homered for Minnesota. Josh Bell, Jose Osuna and Christopher Bostick connected for Pittsburgh.
BRAVES 6, BLUE JAYS 0
Julio Teheran pitched 6 2/3 shutout innings, striking out five and allowing four hits. The Atlanta ace has an 0.87 ERA this spring. Toronto starter Aaron Sanchez allowed two hits over 6 1/3 innings.
INDIANS 5, GIANTS 4
Yonder Alonso hit two home runs off San Francisco starter Johnny Cueto. Alonso had three hits and drove in four runs. Cueto allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings. Cleveland starter Josh Tomlin gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings. University of Virginia alum Jarrett Parker, dogged by retriever jokes from his teammates after his Cavaliers were ousted from the NCAA tournament by the University of Maryland-Baltimore County Retrievers, hit his third spring training home run in his bid to make the 25-man roster.
The Indians released outfielder Melvin Upton Jr., who hit .189 in 18 spring games. The 33-year-old spent last year in the minors, seeing limited action for the Giants' Triple-A team while slowed by injuries.
WHITE SOX 15, DIAMONDBACKS 2
Matt Davidson, who homered, and Adam Engel each had three hits for Chicago and leadoff man Yoan Moncada got two hits and drove in three runs. Carson Fulmer pitched four hitless innings for the White Sox. Arizona relievers Neftali Feliz and Kris Medlen both got roughed up.
By The Associated Press
We just reported a few days back that Apple was going to acquire Shazam a music recognition app. While we were expecting the deal to be finalized soon, Apple has now confirmed its acquisition of Shazam. The Cupertino-based company is basically acquiring the music app in an effort to increase its music business.
Apple has not disclosed the price, but multiple reports suggest that the company has bought the application for $400 million.
Interestingly, this is the first major acquisition after the company bought Beats in 2014 for nearly $3 billion. According to a report by TechCrunch, Apple has been in talks with Shazam for about five months to acquire it. The music discovery app was also in talks with Snapchat and Spotify. Apple has not revealed the details of how it is going to use Shazam's assets after the acquisition.
"We are thrilled that Shazam and its talented team will be joining Apple. Since the launch of the App Store, Shazam has consistently ranked as one of the most popular apps for iOS. Today, it's used by hundreds of millions of people around the world, across multiple platforms. Apple Music and Shazam are a natural fit, sharing a passion for music discovery and delivering great music experiences to our users. We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today's agreement," the company told the publication.
"We are excited to announce that Shazam has entered into an agreement to become part of Apple. Shazam is one of the highest rated apps in the world and loved by hundreds of millions of users and we can't imagine a better home for Shazam to enable us to continue innovating and delivering magic for our users," Shazam added.
Meanwhile, the reported deal of $400 million is actually lower than the $1 billion dollar valuation that Shazam had received during its last funding round. The company has been struggling with finding a viable business model and they reported only $54 million in revenue in 2016.
However, Apple is yet to reveal what it will do with it's newest acquisition. It will be interesting to see how it will work out. Shazam's technology could be used in the company's music streaming platform Apple Music.
"You don't have to reach out to your customer base, because they live right there," said Cynthia Murphy, who oversees mall leasing nationwide for commercial real estate brokerage CBRE Group.
Major projects have been proposed in the San Fernando Valley, South Los Angeles, the South Bay and Orange County that would add more than 4,000 housing units where none previously existed. And it's not just Southern California.
In the San Francisco Bay Area town of Richmond, a real estate investment firm is looking to add as many as 9,600 homes when it redevelops the struggling Hilltop Mall. Elsewhere, there are projects in the suburbs of Chicago, Philadelphia and New Orleans, just to name a few.
George Hoglund, an analyst with investment banking company Jefferies, predicted many of the nation's 1,200 large malls will be reworked over the next five to 10 years.
"I would say a couple hundred of them," Hoglund said.
In the Woodland Hills neighbourhood of LA, shopping-centre giant Westfield Corp. is seeking approval to level the Promenade mall built in 1973 and start anew.
Last fall, it rolled out plans to build residences, offices, two hotels and a concert venue, along with a string of boutiques and restaurants. A website pitching the proposal depicts tree-lined avenues, a central park and courtyards.
The $1.5-billion US project, if approved, will connect to Westfield's two adjacent properties — the indoor Topanga mall and the Village, a $350-million outdoor shopping centre that opened two years ago.
On a recent Sunday afternoon, the Village was packed with people eating at restaurants and strolling through boutiques. A rock band even played, setting up in front of Lucille's Smokehouse Bar-B-Que.
Across the way, the Promenade's parking lot was largely empty. The indoor mall and Macy's have closed and only the movie theatre, a few restaurants and a book store were open.
Around noon, just two shoppers browsed for a deal on books after passing a sign that announced a "Store Closing Sale!" and another that informed them the entrance to the indoor mall was "no longer available."
Larry Green, a senior vice-president with Westfield, said the company knew it needed to redevelop the 34-acre property even before online shopping took off, citing the consolidation of department store anchor tenants.
"It wasn't that long ago, here in Los Angeles, there were 10-plus department stores," Green said. "The consolidation has happened over decades and it's going to continue, but it allows us to do some really good things and to create urban communities."
Los Angeles Times
© Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities
lioness
cobra
war, destruction, plagues and healing
© Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities
One of the statues unearthed during the Luxor excavation (Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities)A trove of black granite statueshave been discovered at an ancient site in Egypt.Researchers with the Egyptian-European Archaeological Mission unearthed the 27 fragmented statues during excavation work at the temple of Pharaoh Amenhotep III in Luxor.In a post on Facebook, Dr. Mostafa Waziri, secretary general of the Supreme Council of Antiquities, explained that the largest of the statues is 2 meters (6.6 feet) tall. Some of the statues depict Sekhmetin her left hand. Others show the goddess standing and holding a papyrus scepter in front of her chest.Revered by the ancient Egyptians, Sekhmet is depicted with a woman's body and the head of a lioness. The goddess was associated with the sun, hence the presence of a sun disk on her statues.One of the statues unearthed during the Luxor excavation (Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities)The Mission's chief, Dr. Hourig Sourouzian, said that the Luxor statues found in the upper layers of earth tend to be in better condition than the statues found in the lower layers. The statues are now being cleaned in preparation for going on display.Some 287 Sekhmet statues have been discovered at the site since excavations began in 1998.The finds are just the latest fascinating archaeological discovery in Egypt.Last month archaeologists in Egypt announced the discovery of three Roman-era shipwrecks and stunning ancient artifacts on the Mediterranean seafloor off the coast of Alexandria.Experts also recently unearthed an ancient gymnasium that dates back to the third century B.C. A joint team of German and Egyptian archaeologists made the discovery at Watfa in Fayoum province, about 50 miles southwest of Cairo.Earlier this month, scientists also announced that they had discovered a mysterious chamber inside Egypt's Great Pyramid of Giza.In September, archaeologists announced the discovery of an ancient temple belonging to King Ramses II. In August, experts revealed that they had unearthed three tombs from an ancient "great cemetery" in Egypt's Nile Valley. A month earlier, archaeologists said that a tomb that may have belonged to the wife of King Tutankhamun had been discovered in Egypt's Valley of the Kings.In June, archaeologists from Yale and the Royal Museum of Art and History in Belgium announced the discovery of the earliest-known 'billboard-sized' hieroglyphs in the ancient city of Elkab.Other finds include a 3,000-year-old royal tomb in the Luxor area and the tomb of an ancient gold worker on Sai Island in northern Sudan.
Some parts of Lismore have seen flash flooding after a storm this afternoon.
UPDATE, 6.30pm: Drivers are being warned to take care in low-lying parts of the Northern Rivers, with flash flooding affecting some areas.
Essential Energy has also reported some power outages and crews are out investigating.
Crews from Lismore City Council are also inspecting the streets, and Lismore City SES has warned people to be "extremely careful around any drains or gutters".
"After such a long dry spell some of the gutters/drains are getting blocked or have a partial blockage and they are overflowing," the SES posted on Facebook.
"If that blockage clears the water can drain extremely quickly and be quite dangerous. Best practice - stay away from gutters and drains."
ORIGINAL STORY: HEAVY rain is drenching towns across the Northern Rivers as severe storms roll through across the region.
Locals have taken to social media to share their vision of the rain coming down from Bexhill to Lismore.
Many are welcoming the long awaited rainfall after sizzling temperatures roasted the area in recent days.
Lismore SES are warning people to drive safely around the city with reports of flooding around the Lismore Shopping Square complex.
Photos View Photo Gallery
Heavy rainfall has been recorded at a number of locations with this afternoon's thunderstorm activity.
In the last half an hour, the Bureau of Meteorology reported significant rainfall in the following towns:
Lismore: 51mm
Coaldale: 43mm
Nimbin: 34mm
Bentley: 34mm
Sandy Hill: 30mm
The State Emergency Service advises that people should:
* Keep clear of creeks and storm drains.
* Don't walk, ride your bike or drive through flood water.
* If you are trapped by flash flooding, seek refuge in the highest available place and ring 000 if you need rescue.
* Unplug computers and appliances.
* Avoid using the phone during the storm.
* Stay indoors away from windows, and keep children and pets indoors as well.
* For emergency help in floods and storms, ring the SES on 132 500.
Checkr's co-founder and CEO makes the case for why businesses and society are better off when background checks are streamlined with technology.
May 30, 2018 7 min read
In this series, The Way We Work, Entrepreneur Associate Editor Lydia Belanger examines how people foster productivity, focus, collaboration, creativity and culture in the workplace.
If your criminal record is a clean slate, you probably don't think too much about background checks. But probability suggests it's almost certain that someone you work with has one.
What constitutes a criminal record can range from minor to major crimes, from fishing without a license to speeding to driving under the influence to murder. But historically, some backgrounds check processes haven't distinguished among offenses of varying degrees.
The Ban the Box movement has pushed to remove the “Have you ever been convicted of a crime?” checkbox on job applications that can automatically land a candidate's app in the trash, regardless of what that crime might have been. A company might look at its large candidate pool and decide to pass on anyone with a criminal record, unwilling to spend the time and human resources to vet them.
Related: 7 Practical Ways to Reduce Bias in Your Hiring Process
The time-consuming nature of background checks was the initial inspiration for background check software company Checkr. Co-founders Daniel Yanisse and Jonathan Perichon were working as engineers at on-demand delivery startup Deliv back in 2013, when the “gig economy” had first taken shape. Suddenly, consumers were trusting strangers employed for contract work by startups to clean their homes, drive them around, deliver their dinner and more. Deliv needed lots of drivers, but existing background check technology made the screening process take a week or more.
Today, using AI, Checkr automates background checks, and the process only takes a day or two. The San Francisco-based company's 10,000-plus customers include gig-economy giants such as Uber, Lyft, Instacart, Postmates and Grubhub, as well as staffing companies, retailers and more.
Background checks vary in their thoroughness. Some include driving records, employment verifications and drug tests. Checkr gathers data from various sources, including criminal records from courthouses at the county, state and federal levels. Many of these databases are digital, but for those that still keep records on paper, Checkr dispatches a contractor to manually collect the information. Employers typically pay $35 per applicant screening. Checkr pricing varies based on the information requested and the volume of checks a customer runs.
Checkr also adds a layer of quality assurance, confirming that, say, two guys with the same name, birth date and state of residence aren't confused for each other. Finally, it's programmed to account for differing background check regulations at the state level.
“That would take multiple days for humans to review and do the work,” Yanisse says, “so we've automated that with algorithms, which is more accurate and faster.”
But the Checkr team didn't set out to help the Ubers of the world reject convicts faster. From day one, Yanisse says they've designed the software to reduce bias in hiring and give more qualified candidates a chance at employment. He points out that the U.S. economy loses roughy $87 billion annually because people with criminal records can't get hired, and that nearly 75 percent of formerly incarcerated individuals are still unemployed a year after release, according to ACLU research.
People who have criminal records but don't have quality jobs that pay a living wage are more likely to commit a crime again. That translates to more people on government assistance or in jail -- and more taxpayer money to pay for it. Meanwhile, employment retention rates are higher among people with criminal histories than the general population, which translates to lower long-term recruitment costs for companies who hire them, according to the ACLU.
Related: Evernote's Head of 'People' Explains How the Company Employs Tech Tools to Reinforce Its Values
“When you look at statistics, it's extremely rare to have workplace violence or crime, especially if you have a good interview process and good HR practices in place,” Yanisse says, explaining that the background check industry has long relied on fear-mongering as a marketing tactic. “So we just want to rebalance.”
Checkr also corrects for variation and biases among humans who are trying to hire fairly. It is unrealistic to hold a large company to one hiring standard. If someone has the discretion to reject or advance a candidate, he or she might have trouble standardizing the approach.
Each Checkr client can customize the software to ignore or never surface data about certain criminal offenses that they don't deem relevant to the job at hand. Someone applying to be a customer service representative, for example, could perform the job perfectly well even with traffic violations on their record. A ride-hailing driver? Perhaps not. Companies can also specify time windows: If the crime happened before a certain year, it's no longer a concern.
“In reality, when you would get a background check report in the past, if there was a long list of things, even if it was just a long list of traffic variations or things like that, you probably were going to be biased,” Yanisse says. “Like, ‘Ooh, there are a bunch of flags here. I'm not sure I want to take the risk.'”
When it comes to AI, many people worry about the potential for AI to reflect the biases of the human software engineers who built it. But Yanisse insists that doesn't come into play with Checkr, because the AI is not determining if a candidate is qualified for the job or make hiring decisions for its user companies.
“We are not predicting if the person is going to be a good fit for the job,” Yanisse says. “We're using AI for classifying data. Like, is this a driving violation or is this a physical crime? Those things are more fact-based.”
Yanisse likens Checkr to the advent of the credit score. Pre-FICO and credit bureaus (the automation of credit score determinations), a loan officer at a bank could pass judgement or discriminate against a credit applicant.
“It removes the ability for employers to use a background check as a proxy to screen people out,” says David Patterson, Checkr's head of communications. “Historically, employers would often tell people who were minorities that they didn't get the job and use the background check as an excuse, like, ‘Oh we couldn't hire them because they had this like minor thing on their record.' But that may have not been the actual reason.”
At the moment, Checkr is focused on measuring its impact and calculating how many candidates would have been rejected with or without its software. Last year, the company reports that it helped 8,000 candidates get accepted instead of declined. For 2018, its goal is 80,000. It aims to achieve that not only by signing on more clients, but getting its existing clients to fine-tune their use of the tool.
“Initially, I think it was quite binary how decisions were made. Either you're clean and you haven't done anything and you're a good person, or you have some flags in your background, so we're not going to hire you,” Yanisse says. “But when you get into the details, you realize that that's not the case. There's no good or bad people, there's a whole spectrum. People make mistakes, and there are different severities of mistakes.”
Related video: How Making Naïve Mistakes Led Me to Ultimate Success
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
BOSTON -- Despite a three-point showing from Ryan Donato in his NHL debut, the Boston Bruins fell to the Columbus Blue Jackets in overtime, 5-4, Monday night at TD Garden.
With the loss, the Bruins fall to 45-17-9 on the season.
Boston opened the contest by outshooting the Blue Jackets by a 14-5 margin in the first stanza, but it was Columbus that capitalized just 4:15 into the contest.
Of course, noted Bruins killer Thomas Vanek orchestrated the scoring chance, recovering the puck off a turnover from Brandon Carlo and feeding Boone Jenner in front for the center's 11th goal of the season.
Donato lit the lamp for the first time in his pro career at 5:41 in the second off of his fifth shot of the game.
Camping out near the right circle on a rush, Donato received a feed from Torey Krug and did not hesitate -- uncorking a one-time bomb that sailed past Columbus netminder Joonas Korpisalo for the equalizer.
They weren't getting off that ice until @DonatoRyan buried his first. What a blast for #1 in his career! #NHLFirsts pic.twitter.com/vsjFDDNuE5 -- NHL (@NHL) March 20, 2018
With the primary helper, Torey Krug set a new career high for points in a season with 52.
Not to be outdone by Donato's strike, Brad Marchand gave Boston it's first lead of the evening less than two minutes later.
Breaking into the zone with David Pastrnak, Marchand gathered a great feed and had an open look on net from the slot, dangling past Korpisalo before finding twine off of a nifty backhand offering for his 31st goal of the season.
Rick Nash was the latest Bruins skater to go down with an injury prior to puck drop, but Riley Nash picked up the scoring slack with his 15th goal of the season at 16:32 in the second.
After a shot from Marchand bounced off of Donato by the crease, Nash pounced on the rebound and fired it home to give Boston a two-goal cushion.
Columbus answered back in short order, with Sonny Milano making it a 3-2 game just 25 seconds after Nash's score -- while Vanek redirected a puck past Rask at 5:38 in the third period to tie things up.
In 64 career games against the Bruins, Vanek has tallied 34 goals and 36 assists for 70 points.
Artemi Panarin made it three unanswered goals for Columbus with 8:30 remaining in regulation, but David Krejci tied things up once again just 20 seconds later -- taking a backhand feed from Donato and firing it home to make it a 4-4 game.
After a back-and-forth overtime, Cam Atkinson ended the game with an OT goal with 2:05 left in the extra period.
The Black and Gold will head back on the road for a four-game trek out west, starting with a matchup against the St. Louis Blues at 8 p.m. on Wednesday.
HALIFAX—When little Hailey Powell asked if she could take not one, but two handmade finger puppets from a basket at the IWK Health Centre's welcome desk, a hospital employee enthused, “Yes, please!” There are plenty more where those came from. The women and children's hospital in the south end of Halifax has been accepting knitted, crocheted, and sewn finger puppets for at least 20 years, said Kylene Mellor, the IWK's manager of volunteer resources. A couple of years ago, the hospital was running low and asked for more — and now it has so many, Mellor said, that it's running out of places to store them.
The IWK Health Centre in Halifax gives finger puppets to patients and visitors to occupy and comfort them. After an influx of donations, the hospital's storage rooms (and fingers) are full. ( Taryn Grant / For StarMetro ) Kylene Mellor, manager of volunteer resources at the IWK Health Centre, said the hospital has as many finger puppets and other handmade comfort items as it can store. It has 75,000 finger puppets on hand, and gives out about 1,000 per month to patients coming in for visits, stays, tests and procedures. ( Taryn Grant / For StarMetro ) Hailey Powell took two felt finger puppets home with her after a visit to the IWK Health Centre. ( Taryn Grant/For StarMetro ) Patients can choose whichever finger puppets they like at the IWK Health Centre, a fun bit of choice in a setting where many often feel powerless. ( Taryn Grant / For StarMetro )
The little toys offer distraction and comfort to patients while they're undergoing medical procedures or whiling away time in clinics or hospital beds. They are offered to family members and visitors, too — anyone who might need some soothing or cheering up. Back in September 2016, the hospital was facing a finger-puppet shortage. The IWK put a call out on Facebook for volunteers to replenish its stock. And the response, Mellor said, was astounding. The post has been shared more than 12,000 times, and today her hands (and fingers) are full. The trove of finger puppets is kept in huge plastic bags in a storage room at the IWK. From there, Mellor and other staff stock baskets at each of the hospital's three entrances, in its clinics and labs, and in the emergency department.
Article Continued Below
Patients and families can dig through the assortment and choose puppets that suit them — a simple act Mellor said can be very powerful for those facing major personal challenges. “Oftentimes people don't have choice (about) why they're coming to the hospital,” she said. “But in this small thing, they can look in a bucket and take whichever one appeals to them. So it's a lot about that empowerment and that choice.” She added the puppets' positive impact ripples out. The smiles and sense of calm the toys bring to kids extends to their parents and guardians, and reducing stress is a boon for patient health. A year after asking for help, the IWK had to update its post to staunch the huge influx of donations. “Thanks to the amazing generosity of the knitters in our community, we currently have quite a good supply on hand; therefore, we will not be needing any more finger puppets in the near future,” the post reads.
Mellor said the hospital goes through about 1,000 finger puppets each month, and she estimates they have about 75,000 on hand at the moment, in addition to 3,000 comfort dolls, 4,000 baby hats, 1,000 pillow cases, and “a ton” of quilts — all donated by volunteers. Many of those volunteers — Mellor said she has about 1,200 total donors — have some connection with the IWK. They are current and former patients, or they know or love someone who is a current or former patient. Donations come in daily from all over North America and Europe.
Article Continued Below
One mother of an IWK patient, Amy LaPointe Morais of Belledune, N.B., started a Facebook group called “Finger Puppets for IWK” to communicate with other generous crafters. More than 3,000 people follow the page. In the page description, Morais said her 15-year-old daughter Melody first became an IWK patient as a premature infant. Melody needed to return to the IWK again starting at age six to receive treatment for juvenile dermatomyositis, a rare inflammatory disease, and rheumatoid arthritis. She has continued to be treated there for the last nine years. Morais said Melody has gotten a finger puppet with every test or procedure, and has amassed an impressive collection. Now Morais, her mother and Melody all knit puppets, dolls, and hats to give back to the IWK, and they organize drop-off locations around Atlantic Canada for other donors. Mellor said she appreciates the time, energy, and generosity of all the volunteers, and she doesn't want to discourage anyone from contributing to the finger puppet program. That said, she suggests calling to check on the hospital's need before sending donations. Morais heeds Mellor's advice. She checks in with the hospital and shares updates on the Facebook page. In March of this year, she told her followers to hold off on sending their creations to the hospital. “Feel free to keep knitting, sewing, crochet ... whatever it is that you do, but hold onto it until it is needed once again. They have only so much space and it's filling up fast.” She added she would accept and store puppets at her home until the hospital has room again. Mellor said the hospital is trying to keep up with the generosity of the community by handing out the puppets at every opportunity. It isn't an unpleasant mission, since the free toys bring an “instant smile” to kids' faces, she said. That was certainly the case for Hailey, who beamed as she picked a butterfly and a flower, both sewn of felt and embroidered with smiles of their own. Gleefully choosing the puppets and putting them on her fingers was the last thing she did before her dad scooped her up on their way out the hospital doors.
Read more about:
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
As communities across the region, state and country push back against the Federal Emergency Management Agency's expansion of flood plains into certain residential areas, residents of Mayfield hope a January meeting with the agency brings compromise.
Fearing an expanded flood plain would negatively affect property values and require homeowners to buy costly flood insurance, hundreds of Mayfield residents signed a petition urging U.S. Rep. Matt Cartwright, D-17, Moosic, and Senators Bob Casey and Pat Toomey to oppose FEMA's expansion late last summer. Mayfield officials met with representatives of the congressman and senators in December, and the parties plan to meet with FEMA and the state Department of Environmental Protection later this month.
At issue is whether an existing levee system in Mayfield, which hasn't been breached by floodwaters since its construction in the late 1960s, will qualify as an “accredited levee” by FEMA standards. Accredited levees must be 2 feet taller than the projected flood totals during a 100-year flood event, or the worst flooding expected in a 100-year period, said Tony Grizzanti of KBA Engineering, Mayfield's engineering firm.
It is unlikely the Mayfield levee would qualify as an accredited structure by these standards, meaning it won't be recognized as providing flood protection in FEMA's updated flood plain maps. These maps indicate high-risk flood areas, so Mayfield residents living in such areas may be forced to buy flood insurance despite having been protected by the levee for decades.
“Because mortgages usually require flood insurance if a house is located in a flood plain, and because of other flood insurance requirements, it is essential that FEMA's flood plain mapping be as accurate as possible,” Mr. Cartwright said via email.
Mayfield officials have argued that FEMA's preliminary maps ignored the borough's levee.
Meanwhile, DEP uses different standards to determine the effectiveness of a levy system — standards that give Mayfield's dike more credit in terms of flood protection.
Mayfield is almost to the point where its levee will qualify as an acceptable structure by DEP standards, according to Mayor Al Chelik. While DEP spokeswoman Colleen Connolly said Friday she wasn't immediately sure what steps Mayfield must take to bring the levee to DEP standards, she did say the borough has been “working very cooperatively” with the department.
Mr. Chelik said an “ideal situation” would involve FEMA accepting the dike based on DEP's standards, but noted that borough officials “don't see that happening.” Nonetheless, he believes the federal government should, at the very least, fund improvements to levee systems to make them compliant with federal standards.
“If they are not going to recognize the dike, then they should come up with a way to make all these dikes and levees meet their ... calculations,” Mr. Chelik said. “Trump wanted to build infrastructure. These type of projects are a good way to start.”
There are about 242 properties located within the boundaries of the would-be expanded flood plain, which extends east from the Lackawanna River to Hill Street, with Oak Street as the northern border and the Jermyn line as the southern border.
“We have to go ahead and see if there's a resolution,” Mr. Chelik said. “There are a lot of blue-collar, middle-class workers, and they bought houses in Mayfield knowing they were protected by a dike system.”
The exact date of the meeting between FEMA, DEP and the other parties is not yet known.
Contact the writer:
jhorvath@timesshamrock.com @jhorvathTT on Twitter
MONDAY UPDATE
brings
Times-Tribune readers up to date on past or pending stories of interest. To offer a suggestion for a Monday Update, please email metrodesk@timesshamrock.com with
“Monday Update” in the
subject line.
Tuesday, May 29 marked the first day of competition in the much-anticipated Scripps National Spelling Bee. The National Bee will feature over 500 spellers from across the country competing to be the ultimate spelling champion. If you're a fan of the annual event, this one detail about the Scripps National Spelling Bee in particular shows how, in addition to simply watching spellers compete, you too can get in on the fun. In fact, you can actually take the 2017 National Spelling Bee Preliminaries Test online to get a sense of what it's actually like to be a competitor in the prestigious Scripps Bee.
Before they even take to the stage, all competitors at the National Spelling Bee take what is known as the Preliminaries Test. The test is multiple choice and features both spelling words and vocabulary questions. The Preliminaries Test helps determine whether or not spellers make it to the Bee's Finals. Moreover, in addition to doing well on the Preliminaries Test, spellers also have to correctly spell words onstage during Rounds Two and Three of the competition. If these words are spelled correctly, the contestants' test scores help determine whether or not they qualify for the finals.
Now, you can see what it feels like to experience the Bee from a speller's perspective. Scripps has posted the 2017 version of the Preliminaries Test online, so you can easily take the test if you so desire. The test features 12 Round One spelling questions, twelve Round One vocabulary questions, one Round Two vocabulary question, and one Round Three vocabulary question. It also offers a chance to spell one Round Two words and one Round Three word to see if you stand a chance to advance to the Bee's finals.
Of course, the online test is the 2017 version, which means you won't experience exactly what this year's spellers are facing — though it's certainly close. Similarly, the 2018 version of the Preliminaries Test features 12 spelling words and 14 vocabulary questions.
The 2018 Preliminaries Test was administered on Tuesday, May 29. Round Two, which kicks off onstage spelling, also occurred on that day. Round Three takes place on May 30 and the finals, which take place in two parts, happen on May 31. In the first part of the finals, all finalists compete in a spell-off until around 12 competitors are left. The second part of the finals features all of the remaining spellers vying for the coveted championship prize. Part two of the finals airs live on primetime on ESPN.
If you wish to watch any of the aforementioned rounds of the National Spelling Bee, ESPN looks to be your best bet. Rounds Two and Three air on ESPN 3. Part one of the finals airs on ESPN 2 and, of course, part two is on ESPN.
Whoever wins the National Spelling Bee this year is set to take away a pretty substantial prize. The winner (or winners) will receive $40,000 from Scripps plus $2,500 from Merriam-Webster. The winner will also be gifted various encyclopedia and dictionary reference sets, an engraved Scripps trophy, and the opportunity to appear on several talk shows, including Jimmy Kimmel Live! and Live with Kelly and Ryan.
While the champion receives a substantial prize package, no speller will go home empty-handed. Each speller will receive a one-year subscription to both Britannica Online Premium and Merriam-Webster Unabridged Online. Each will also each be gifted a 2018 United States Mint Proof Set from Mr. Jay Sugarman. Spellers who make it to later rounds of the competition also receive various gift cards or cash prizes.
The Scripps National Spelling Bee is certainly a very prestigious event — something in which thousands of students from all over the United States and world vie to compete. If you want to get in on the action and have a sense of what it's like to go up against some of the best spellers around, head on over to Scripps' website to take the 2017 Preliminaries Test. And then, of course, be sure to watch the spellers compete in the 2018 National Bee finals on Thursday.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sky Sports tried to generate excitement for Wednesday's fixture list unveiling by urging viewers to tune in as “we gear up for another bumper season of live football.”
But, like the price of Bovril, this once-eagerly anticipated pre-season moment long ago ceased to be of much significance.
June's version of the fixture list is merely a rough guide which will be mapped out in finer detail when the TV companies get round to it.
And it will be even less relevant when the Premier League sell more than half of its 380 games for live coverage in the next round of talks.
At last week's AGM, club chairmen were told that this could work through new, lucrative kick-off times, including Saturday nights, to hit afternoon audiences in America, and Sunday mornings, to pick up peak-time viewers in the Far East.
(Photo: Rex Features)
Which is news which will go down like a cup of cold sick among fans, especially the most devoted who follow their teams away from home. Fans who, when they complain, are labelled Luddites who are halting evolution and need to accept “progress”.
Maybe it works both ways, though.
Something else came up at that meeting which should concern 14 of the Premier League clubs now happy to hang their fans out to dry so long as the global cash keeps pouring in — the Big Six once again raised their demands for the overseas rights money to be distributed, not across the board, but on the basis of appearances.
The owners of Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City, Man United and Tottenham hear the Premier League boast that last season “matches were available to watch in one billion homes in 188 countries” and are asking “But who is it they all want to watch?”
The issue was first raised in 2011 when Liverpool's then-MD Ian Ayre argued the bulk of the then £1.4 billion kitty, should go to the big clubs because, “If you're in Kuala Lumpur, there isn't anyone subscribing to ESPN to watch Bolton.”
(Photo: Liverpool FC via Getty)
He was rightly shot down, but the subject never went away.
Especially when the overseas deals for 2016-19 soared to £3.2 billion, and the contracts being signed now, such as the £564million one with China, have shot up twelve-fold.
This proposed change to the payment structure will be voted on in the autumn with the non-Big Six clubs able to shoot it down as a two-thirds majority is needed. But for how long?
It's only a matter of time before the big clubs threaten that if their pulling power isn't reflected in their slice of the cake they'll do their own deals with foreign markets.
Especially when, mainly due to streaming, Sky's domestic audience fell by 14% last season, meaning their current £11million-a-game model might soon be unsustainable and clubs will need to better “monetise their global brand” to keep up with the likes of Barcelona and Real Madrid.
(Photo: AFP/Getty)
Those two clubs dominate the TV money in Spain, hence a league full of weak, underfunded clubs who rarely even beat the big boys let alone challenge them for titles.
Such a model would be disastrous for the Premier League and its selling-point as the world's most competitive league. But that's the model the Big Six aspire to, as the game continues to grow across the globe and they see a way of catching the Spanish giants.
Which means it's lose/lose for all outside the elite, because if they let the richest take the lion's share of the overseas money they fall behind, and if they don't and the rich go their own way, the League's competitiveness would be finished.
TV was the goose that laid English football's golden egg, but if it's not careful, it might also be the one that kills it. Because the majority of Premier League clubs may soon find out, as match-going fans have, that “progress' has a nasty habit of biting you on the backside.
Exmouth 45 Newbury Blues 25
EXMOUTH'S Cockles were alive-alive-oh as their returning wounded inspired a bonus point win while Blues were left looking like shelled prawns as they were washed back in the South West Premier League's bottom four.
Exmouth dominated up front and for gifting Blues two tries, would have been far away out to sea before the interval.
Blues travel sickness, aided by injuries, again bit and they were shorn of Duncan Craigen and Josh Love with worrying knocks just before and just after the interval.
Debutants May Hayman and James Lewis found themselves with the impossible task of clawing back the deficit and the consolation was that Blues dipped close to a bonus point of their own.
They trailed to Sam Richardson's eighth minute try and although Richard West slotted over a penalty, the first of two penalties tries signaled what was to happen, but only after fly half Tom Whelan had handed Blues skipper Dan Thorne an interception try and West a conversion and Blues had their best spell until more penalties ended with winger Richard Bright touching down.
Again Blues were gifted seven points when Josh Winfield charged down Whelan's kick and Alex Millar dotted down under the posts for West to convert, and although Whelan added three points before the break, the deficit was not out of reach.
But another penalty try and touchdowns from Henry Goldson and Davey McGregor, countered only by a West penalty, left Blues only with a go-for-glory finish that yielded a try for Tony Pearce, but not another that would have at least made a late point.
Newbury Blues: Bartlett; Pearce, D. Thorne, Love, Futcher; West, Pigott; Hicks, Macauley, Johnston; Doel, Craigen; Winfield, Spanswick, Millar. Subs: Robinson-Slater, Hayman, Lewis.
“He worked as a truck driver. Primary interrogations revealed that the victim had been present with four Indian men when they incident happened. We apprehended the two employees … during questioning, the claimed that they met a fourth person [also Indian] and they all consumed alcohol. Then the fourth person provided them with morphine … the victim fell very sick and started vomiting suddenly. Then he died as they were driving him to the hospital meanwhile that person absconded … so they threw his body between trees. Immigration records confirmed that the fourth person had left the country shortly after the incident,” the corporal claimed to prosecutors.
© File photo: Pexels
An Italian man has been granted a divorce after claiming that his wife was "possessed by the devil".The woman had exhibited "inexplicable behaviour" since 2007, including fits, stiffening, and other "unusual phenomena", a Milan court heard. Her husband attributed the episodes to "demonic possession".Her sister, as well as a priest and a Capuchin monk confirmed the strange behaviour, testifying that the woman - a devout Catholic - had at one point knocked over a church pew, hurling it towards the altar using just one hand.Witnesses even claimed to have seen her levitate, before falling to the ground.The Milan court tribunal acknowledged that the woman was "clearly agitated" but said she "did not act knowingly", according to Il Corriere della Sera daily.The judge ruled that the incidents couldn't be attributed to an illness, since the woman was judged healthy following by doctors and psychiatrists. Several exorcists had also attempted to cure her over the years, but to no avail.The couple, who have two children, were eventually granted a no-fault divorce.Italy had no provision for divorce until 1970 and the difficulties caused by this were the subject of a celebrated 1961 film "Divorce, Italian Style". The comedy features Marcello Mastroianni as a Sicilian noble who cooks up a plot to kill his wife in a crime of passion so he can be free to marry a younger model.However, legislation which came into force last year made it easier and quicker to end marriages - prompting a 57 percent surge in the divorce rate Now only one year of official separation is necessary before couples can begin divorce proceedings, or six months in the case of a separation by mutual consent. Previously, couples had to be officially separated for three years.
Public Inspection File
Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File
Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov.
Public File Liaison:
publicfilesfwa@federatedmedia.com
260-447-5511
INNSBRUCK, Austria — World Cup host Russia slumped to a 1-0 defeat in a friendly against Austria on Wednesday, extending its winless streak to six matches.
Russia has lost all three games in 2018 after defeats to Brazil and France in March, and has not won a game since beating South Korea in October.
Austria winger Marko Arnautovic set up midfielder Alessandro Schoepf for the only goal in the 28th minute, giving coach Franco Foda his fourth win from four matches since taking over from Marcel Koller in November after the team failed to qualify for the World Cup.
Russia plays Turkey in Moscow on Tuesday in its final warmup game before opening the World Cup against Saudi Arabia on June 14.
UDINE, Italy — Udinese has fired coach Massimo Oddo after 11 straight losses in Serie A.
The decision was expected after Sunday's 2-1 loss to Crotone left the team four points above the relegation zone.
The 41-year-old Oddo replaced Luigi Delneri in November and won his first five league matches, including a 3-1 victory at Inter Milan.
Udinese has not immediately announced a replacement but former Juventus defender Igor Tudor is favoured to take over until the end of the season.
ABBOTSFORD, B.C. — The Parole Board of Canada's appeal division has upheld a decision to deny parole to a sexual offender in British Columbia who has been behind bars since becoming the country's youngest dangerous offender in 1999.
Adam Laboucan was 17 when he was handed an indeterminate prison sentence for sexually assaulting a three-month-old boy in Quesnel, B.C.
Laboucan now identifies as female and has changed her name to Tara Desousa.
Desousa's last unsuccessful application for parole was in November 2017, and she appealed that decision on several grounds, including bias on the part of the board.
A decision from the appeal division released Tuesday rejects Desousa's appeal, dismissing claims that incomplete or erroneous information was used in reaching a quick decision and saying there was “no reasonable apprehension of bias.”
Mild spoilers for Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt Season 4 Part 1 ahead. The first half of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's fourth season is full of pop culture and real-life references. And with one recurring joke, the series is poking fun at its own home network and the people who watch it. Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's Netflix parody — affectionately named "HouseFlix," is a nod to the network that's been behind Kimmy Schmidt all along.
In Episode 2 of Season 4, Kimmy, Jacqueline, and Titus settle in to spend their night as so many people do — watching endless hours of their favorite streaming service while perched on the couch in their pajamas. After Kimmy adorably mispronounces "HBOgo," "Hulu," "Amazon," and appears to be flabbergasted that "Starz" is a real network, she finally settles on HouseFlix. There, they find a saucy comedy about single women called Gals on the Town, an obvious Sex and the City parody. And the next time you see Jacqueline and Titus, they're sprawled out on the couch, slowly stirring after apparently falling asleep during the all-night marathon.
That's not the last time HouseFlix is brought up. Later that same episode, Titus and Kimmy are back on the marathon. "Why go through all that trouble when HouseFlix will just choose stuff for you?" Titus asks. "Because it picks weird stuff," Kimmy responds. "It's always a true crime show, or a movie where a woman murders her boyfriend after falling for a college professor with a dark secret."
Eric Liebowitz/Netflix
This sure seems like a playful jab at the fact that Netflix is regularly streaming ultra-dramatic true crime docs and harrowing tales of tumultuous relationships, and also how its recommendations for users can sometimes seem a little bit bizarre. "You know how Al Gore invented the internet?" Titus asks Kimmy, referring to the infamous flub in which the former Vice President seemingly misspoke in an interview. "Well, he also invented a rhythm for it. It's a powerful rhythm. It's called the Al-Gore-rhythm."
The joke ventures into some absurd territory, but the fact that Titus is so woefully uninformed on algorithms and streaming services is kind of the best, and watching him explain all this nonsense to Kimmy is hilarious. And in the end, in a truly relatable move, Kimmy ends up watching one of those gritty true crime shows, no matter how much she claims she doesn't want to become sucked into one. Let alone one that involves someone very close to her.
Eric Liebowitz/Netflix
Because from there, the whole thing only gets more meta. Episode 3 of Season 4 starts out just as a Netflix original documentary would, complete with opening titles and a HouseFlix logo flashing on the screen. Dramatic music unfolds, and nearly the entire episode is a very Netflix-esque documentary about a DJ on the hunt for DJ Slizzard (who also happens to be the Reverend who kidnapped Kimmy).
This episode had people buzzing the day the season premiered, and the HouseFlix references weren't lost on viewers. "The intro being the HouseFlix intro instead of the Standard Netflix "Duh-Dah" was brilliant, just FYI," wrote Reddit user goldgecko4. "I usually hate parodies, but this miiiiight be my favorite episode of the entire show." The half-hour is an obvious spoof of Netflix true crime docs like Wild, Wild Country and Making A Murderer, many of which have captivated audiences and proven that Netflix has some serious stake in producing high quality true crime content that keeps people talking.
Kimmy Schmidt's HouseFlix's spoofs are obviously all in good fun — the show's writers don't seem to be looking to roast the streaming service that gave it life in the first place. Netflix and streaming services in general have completely altered how society consumes media, and a show as pop culture-savvy as Kimmy Schmidt was bound to at least acknowledge its role in that. With HouseFlix, the Netflix original was able to poke fun at itself a bit, and that's never a bad thing.
In a photo provided by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, a pod of narwhals surfaces in the waters off northern Canada in August, 2005. Researchers tracked narwhals and found that they have exceptional echolocation abilities, reconstructing their underwater world with more resolution that most other animals on the planet. ( KRISTIN LAIDRE / NYT ) Jerry Natanine, community leader and former mayor of Clyde River, speaks during a press conference on Parliament Hill following a ruling at the Supreme Court of Canada in Ottawa on July 26. Clyde River's legal counsel Nader Hasan looks on. ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Last month, a tiny Inuit town of Clyde River (pop. 1,100) in the Canadian Arctic won a landmark case at the Supreme Court of Canada, in a remarkable takedown of the Goliath they had been fighting for six years. The Goliath was a consortium of energy companies along with the National Energy Board, which approved the seismic survey to explore for oil in Baffin Bay and Davis Strait. Despite intense distrust and antipathy from being hurt by Greenpeace actions in the past, Clyde River Inuit, in their desperation, reached out to the environmental group for help. Summoning a legal team, scientists, artists, Indigenous leaders, and celebrities, the erstwhile enemies worked together to garner impressive public support, coming to a better understanding of one another in the process. Clyde River argued, successfully, that Canada did not fulfil its constitutional duty to consult when the National Energy Board approved the seismic survey. These waters are rich in marine mammals that Inuit depend on; between 80 to 90 per cent of the world's narwhals live there, as well as polar bears, bowhead and beluga whales. Clyde River Inuit, who truly rely on marine wildlife such as seals, whales, and fish for their food security, were concerned that the constant intense, loud shots from seismic surveys, used to detect oil and gas deposits under the sea floor, would threaten their food source and thus, their very existence and way of life.
Article Continued Below
As a marine biologist specializing in the impacts of human-caused noise on whales and other marine life, I can say definitively that they have good reason to be worried. Virtually all marine life is sensitive to sound, as hearing is a more useful sense to have underwater than sight because sound travels so fast and so far underwater. Sight only extends to several meters underwater, whereas some whale calls can be heard over hundreds to thousands of kilometres. Marine animals use sound to find prey, communicate, mate, sense their surroundings, orient, and detect hazards and predators — in other words, for all important aspects of their life. And seismic surveys produce the loudest human-made sounds in the ocean aside from explosions, with shots, produced by air released quickly under enormous pressure, going off every 10 seconds around the clock for months at a time. These shots have been heard at distances of 4,000 km and are loud enough to penetrate hundreds of kilometres into the sea floor.
As more research is carried out, it is becoming increasingly clear how many marine species are affected by noise. Whales, especially the Arctic species, have consistently shown themselves to be sensitive to noise, but recently, research on species as diverse as fish, squid, crabs, lobsters, mussels, and scallops has confirmed the same. Most alarmingly, a June 22 article in the prestigious scientific journal Nature just revealed that even microscopic zooplankton can be devastated by seismic surveys. Phytoplankton, the “grass” of the ocean, are at the base of the food web, but zooplankton, the grazers or the “grasshoppers” of the seas, are just above them, providing not only an essential food source for whales but also upon which the whole ocean ecosystem from fish to seabirds depends. This field study reported that just a single airgun (seismic surveys usually consist of 12 to 48 air guns) caused a large kill-zone or “hole” in zooplankton, where their numbers were cut more than in half in most of the species. One-third of the zooplankton species even showed decreases in numbers of over 95 per cent. Shockingly, all immature krill (shrimp-like plankton) were killed. The seismic airgun caused a two-three-fold increase in dead zooplankton overall, compared with controls. These impacts extended out to at least 1.2 km, which was the maximum range studied. The zooplankton “hole” could be detected via sonar 15 minutes after the airgun passed and was observed to continue to expand until about 90 minutes. The authors of the study conclude that their results have “enormous ramifications for … ocean health …” given the long time and spatial scale of seismic surveys. As such, the Supreme Court's unanimous decision helped protect this area of the Arctic from further environmental degradation from seismic noise, at least for now. This decision will preserve Inuit and their rich culture, reaffirming their Indigenous right to be consulted and for self-determination. Lindy Weilgart is an adjunct research associate in the department of biology at Dalhousie University in Halifax. She has been involved in underwater noise issues since 1993 and wrote an affidavit regarding the Clyde River case that was submitted to both the Federal Court of Appeal and Supreme Court of Canada.
Oh well, that didn't take long!
As they say, “those” observations about the Pope Benedict XVI LETTER™ didn't age well…
As my readers know, our last post was titled Don't Follow The Shiny Object… This post tried to dissuade my fellow Catholic writers and blogger from taking gratuitous potshots at His Holiness Pope Benedict XVI, but look at the wider CONTEXT of what was happening around this LETTER™.
So today, your humble blogger will try to put Joseph Ratzinger/Pope Benedict XVI into some perspective, in order to better understand the contents and meaning of … you guessed it… the LETTER™.
Now this “Benedict is a Modernist, therefore…” theme is easy to construct. The main reason for this is that Pope Benedict has been a prolific writer for over 50 years, so there is much material that can be reviewed and which can be rightly criticized. Make that: “selectively” criticized and taken out of the WIDER CONTEXT.
Furthermore, what makes it easy for Pope Benedict's critics is that Joseph Ratzinger has been on a “journey” from holding intellectual (politically correct according to the contemporary post-Modernist zeitgemäß, i.e. can mean “modern,” “suitable,” or even “appropriate,” and often carries all of these shades when applied to the Church) positions in his youth, which were squarely lodged in the neo-Modernist, Nouvelle Théologie camp, then descended into what can be called Rahnerism (German Hegelian Relativists). In about the late 1970's, after sensory data clearly dictated to Ratzinger that the “new springtime of the spirit of Vatican II was a colossal FAILURE, a middle-aged Joseph Ratzinger began changing his theological positions. These changes of position by Joseph Ratzinger were seen as a betrayal to the entire Rahnerist movement, hence the hatred of the “progressives” for Pope Benedict and his work.
Yet, the degree of this hatred and its severity, when observed through an objective prism, also allows us to gauge the degree to which the German Relativists see Raztinger's mental “brain power” as a threat to their “socially constructed artificial” IDEOLOGY, i.e. that which is called the German Theological School.
So moving on, what we have seen over this period is Joseph Ratzinger being transformed (rebranded) by the #faketheologians, #fake“c”atholic media and their #fakenews media contacts, from a flaming Relativist and Rahnerist in the 1960's to an arch-conservative “papal rottweiler” in the 1980's and 1990's, and on to a quasi-Thomist Restorationist as Pope Benedict XVI.
And all along, the less observant have been doing nothing more than “following the shiny object”.
Given the above, what is the official Deus ex Machina take on Joseph Ratzinger the theologian and the subsequent Pope Benedict XVI, you may ask dear and loyal reader?
Well, your humble blogger doesn't accept the conventional wisdom that there is this “wide variance” in Joseph Ratzinger/Pope Benedict “system of belief”. On the other hand, your humble blogger also doesn't accept the self-refuting notion that Ratzinger's “system of belief” was static (fixed) over the 50+ years of his writing, teaching and thinking. The true “Ratzingerian system of belief” has been dynamic and “subsists” somewhere in the middle of these two extreme views moving from left to right.
It is this “movement from left to right”, especially by someone with Ratzinger's intellectual prowess that has the post-Modernists and neo-Modernists in a tizzy!
However, even this above explanation is much too simple…
What can be legitimately claimed about Joseph Ratzinger, the theologian and philosopher is that he is endowed with a staggering intellect. He is by far one of the most brilliant men, in terms of intellectual prowess of the 20th and 21st century. And the problem with brilliant people is that they have an ability to recognize OBJECTIVE REALITY when others around them can't. And to the less intelligent IDEOLOGUES, this is a very dangerous PHENOMENON.
The reason why this is important to understand is that Joseph Ratzinger spent most of his clerical life in a relatively isolated environment. Therefore, certain key aspects of his life have an exaggerated meaning– hence the “wide variance” view. Understanding these aspects though, allows us to get a better handle on Ratzinger the man and his life's work.
This isolated environment is one where the “spirit of the new springtime” crowd has complete control of the NARRATIVE. Actually, one can say that these people have a fanatical adherence to this “new springtime of the spirit of VII” NARRATIVE.
This fanaticism has allowed these people to have completely suppressed REALIST philosophy from the wider debate, not to mention Thomism from Catholic theology and from wider ECCLESIASTICAL affairs. And they did it in the most brutal manor. The manner in which they suppressed Realism/Thomist is by what can be called “poisoning the well”, i.e. linking it with Antisemitism.
To provide a good idea of how this was accomplished, here is John Lamont to explain who this mechanism worked in the post-Modernist liturgical movement: (see here)
Fr. van Hove's abuse of Garrigou-Lagrange is a characteristic example of anti-Thomist propaganda. His attempt to discredit any revival of interest in Garrigou-Lagrange's work raises questions in an inquiring reader's mind. Why single out this particular Thomist as a target, especially if his work was ‘minor at best'?
The answer is that Garrigou-Lagrange played a crucial role in the battle over the revival of modernism in the mid-20th century. In a series of articles in the late 1940s,17 he called attention to the revival of modernist ideas, stated that these ideas were heretical, identified the principles of this neomodernism, and subjected the principles to devastating criticism. Other theologians did some of these things as well,18 but Garrigou-Lagrange was the only one to both thoroughly refute neomodernism, and to state that it was heretical and needed to be treated as such. His initiative was an important precursor to the later condemnation of neomodernism by the encyclical Humani Generis, as Fr. Van Hove states. But it is his intellectual contribution to the defence of the faith that is most significant for neomodernists today, because it makes his scholarly rehabilitation a danger to that school of thought.
So what we see is that the suppression of Thomism wan't based on philosophical or rational grounds, but rather on emotionalism and propaganda. By assassinating (taking out of CONTEXT) Garrigou-Lagrange's character, the neo-Modernist's were able to stigmatize the most dangerous opponent of their IDEOLOGY, and by extension stigmatize Thomism, the foundational philosophical (Realist) infrastructure of Catholic theology (formation of vocations), in the process.
The other important aspect to understand “Ratzinger-the man” is that he is German. And for a German who had the misfortune to live in post-WWII Europe, there were certain logical, realist and rational positions that he as a post WWII Germans could not take. Here is a great post via the Radical Catholic blog titled Church in Crisis: Diaspora Germany, written by Markus Günther and appearing on December 29, 2014 in the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, one of the largest and most reputable newspapers in Germany. It provides us with CONTEXT: (see here)
On the night of December 13, almost exactly 50 years ago to the day, a student named Franz (Kamphaus) wandered through the streets of Münster. He could not sleep. He was too upset by the homily he had heard in the cathedral earlier that evening, delivered by a young priest and professor (Fr. Josef Ratzinger) only a few years older than himself, which interpreted Advent and Christmas in an entirely different, even revolutionary way: the old doctrine, according to which human history falls into a time of darkness and a time of salvation – namely, into the time before and the time after the birth of Christ – is one which no one today can take seriously, said the young theologian. Who, after the World Wars, after Auschwitz and Hiroshima, could still speak of the ‘Time of Grace' which began 2000 years ago in Bethlehem? No, the dividing line between the darkness and the light, between captivity and salvation, does not divide history, but rather our own soul. Advent is not an event which takes place in the calendar, but rather in our hearts – or it founders there fruitlessly. That's strong stuff, and one can easily understand why the young student had trouble finding sleep after this homily, and instead wanted to be alone to think it all through.
So what we see above is what we now would call the “musings” of a young, impressionable, albeit highly intelligent priest, trying to understand that which has happened around him since his seminary days. This national trauma that the German nation went through after the Second World War has a fundamental impact upon the psyche of not only the nation, but especially on those who could be considered as part of the national intelligentsia.
On a metaphysical level, the above two cases can be viewed as examples of what Dr. Jordan Peterson calls the twisting or TEARING of the FABRIC OF REALITY.
Hold that thought…
Today, we would call it the mistakes of the youth. And it is quite evident that young Josef Ratzinger made those. He made grave mistakes questioning the Immutable Doctrine of the Holy Roman Catholic Church. The questioning of the Catholic doctrine was widespread among the post-war European elites and reached directly to the top. This is the reason why it was the Western Europeans who were instrumental in the calling of the “pastoral” council and rebelled against the Card. Ottaviani's schema, forcing through the blueprint of destruction of the Holy Roman Catholic Church. And young Fr. Ratzinger played an instrumental part.
So what we later see is a middle-aged Cardinal Ratzinger, the Prefect for the Holy Office (CDF) and later Pope Benedict XVI, with this considerable baggage of his youth. Further, he is surrounded by individual who don't have the intellectual wherewithal to recognize and understand the destruction that Vatican II has wrought. The reason could be that they were and still are blinded by their ambition.
And this is the environment in which Pope Benedict XVI is functioning in and living to this day.
Nota bene: Now, this doesn't include the intrinsically disordered who have a vested interest in the post-conciliar church guided by the “god of surprises”.
Concluding, what we see is a man who has made mistakes in his youth. The mistakes he has made are far larger than most, if not all young men, in that he has aided and abetted in the destruction of the Catholic Church, i.e. the only means of salvation provided to man.
Now, this doesn't mean that Josef Ratzinger/Pope Benedict believes in Extra Ecclesiam Nulla Salus, but what he does understand is that the Catholic Church is special in that it has “maintained continuous operations and has been an ongoing concern” since Anno Domini 33 and that if the Institutional Church collapses, it will be in a large part due to him.
I will end here because I think that this is the point where we all, as Faithful Catholics should be able to agree.
It is also at this point where our views of Josef Ratzinger/Cardinal Raztinger/Prefect of CDF/Pope Benedict XVI would diverge.
Yet not wanting to cross this threshold today, your humble blogger needs to mention one very important aspect of Pope Benedict XVI's accomplishments that stands out above all others. It comes in the form of what I consider the greatest sentence ever written outside those that appear in Holy Scripture.
This sentence on a philosophical level can and SHOULD be interpreted as one that tries to MEND the TEAR in what Dr. Peterson terms the “FABRIC OF REALITY”.
Here is that sentence and I would like all you dear readers to meditate on it for a day or two. Please think about the consequences that MUST arise from the proper course of action implied by this sentence!
In the next post, I will return and comment on the second part of the LETTER™.
So here goes:
“What earlier generations held as sacred, remains sacred and great for us too, and it cannot be all of a sudden entirely forbidden or even considered harmful.”
And one more video by Dr. Peterson on the Nature of Reality and the consequences of “breaking the universal law”:
Longmeadow High School's Brynn Cartelli is now one of 11 singers hoping to become the Season 14 champion on "The Voice."
Viewers voted to eliminate D.R. King on Tuesday night. King had performed "White Flag" during Monday night's broadcast.
The competition continues next week as viewers will choose the Top 10 contestants.
Cartelli, 15, had performed Patty Griffin's "Up to the Mountain" during Monday's show.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The country is taking a hit today after a weekend of freezing weather, blustery winds, ice, snow and sleet.
And such glacial temperatures have led to school closures, power cuts and cancelled flights - with absolute chaos for millions of people.
But what about those of us that work outdoors? The risks are high today, and your boss has a responsibility to protect you.
These are your rights.
Personal Protective Equipment at Work Act 1992
The Personal Protective Equipment at Work Regulations 1992 say that protective equipment must be supplied free, fit for purpose and properly maintained.
Employers must also give training in its correct use, and a 2002 update to the regulations say the equipment must be appropriately CE-marked.
Employers must then asses whether the equipment fits properly, is cross-compatible and actually decreases overall risk.
For example, ear muffs and balaclavas may keep workers warm in the snow, but if they can't hear or see road rollers coming, the protection hasn't done its job.
According to the law, your employers must
Ensure any protective equipment is appropriate
Provide mobile facilities for warming up, and encourage hot drinks such as soup or hot chocolate
Introduce more frequent rest breaks
Delay the work until a warmer time of the year, so long as that doesn't compromise safety
Educate workers about the early symptoms of cold stress
Signs and symptoms to watch out for
(Image: Getty)
Cold stress covers conditions ranging in seriousness, and includes chilblains, frostbite and hypothermia. If yo uspot any of these symptoms, talk to your employer or a GP as soon as possible.
Chilblains
Chilblains are permanent damage to the capillary beds from repeated exposure to cold.
Symptoms: Cheeks, ears, fingers and toes are typically at risk, and symptoms include redness and itching.
Treatment: If you're affected, gently warm the skin (not close to strong heat) and avoid scratching. Use anti-inflammatory cream to reduce the itch.
Frostbite
Frostbite occurs if your skin reaches minus one degree centigrade, which it can in higher air temperatures if you're handling frozen foods, metal, or are wet.
Symptoms: It commonly affects the nose, ears, fingers and toes, and symptoms include numbness and paleness.
Treatment: Warm any sufferer gently indoors. Do not put them close to a fire or heater, as that can make the damage worse.
Hypothermia
Hypothermia is very serious, and occurs when body temperature falls too low. Early symptoms include fatigue, shivering, loss of coordination and confusion.
Symptoms: More severe symptoms see the shivering stop, with blue skin, dilated pupils, slow pulse /breathing and then unconsciousness.
Treatment: Victims must be taken somewhere warm and dry, have wet clothing removed, and be warmed from the central body first – chest, neck, head and groin. Warm drinks are fine, make sure you call an ambulance.
A case was also registered against OPG Securities, OPG House and unknown officials of the Sebi and NSE. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Wednesday registered a case against three persons for allegedly manipulating the server architecture of the National Stock Exchange (NSE), Mumbai, to glean out data before other brokers.
The CBI registered a case against OPG Securities Pvt Ltd owner and promoter Sanjay Gupta, as well as his brother in-law Aman Kakrady, and Ajay Narottam Shah, who facilitated Gupta's operations by developing and providing a software called Chanakya. A case was also registered against OPG Securities, OPG House and unknown officials of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) and NSE.
“The CBI registered a case under the Indian Penal Code (IPC), the Prevention of Corruption Act, and under section 66 of the Income Tax (IT) Act against the accused,” a senior CBI official said, on condition of anonymity.
“It was alleged that Sanjay Gupta of OPG used the server architecture of NSE in collusion with unknown officials of NSE, Mumbai. These officials had provided unfair access to OPG by using co-location facility during 2010-12 that enabled it to login first to the server of the stock exchange that helped it (OPG) to get the data before any other broker in the market,” the official added.
It was alleged that after “introduction of load balancer in October 2012, Sanjay Gupta once again managed staff at the data center at NSE and was provided fast access to the market feed to OPG securities. This favour was shown by unknown officials of NSE to Sanjay Gupta.”
Calls to Sanjay Gupta and Ajay Shah were not answered, while neither Sebi nor NSE immediately responded to Mint's messages seeking a response.
CBI also added that in order to ensure a favourable report from Sebi in the inquiry carried out by it against the role of OPG in the misuse of TBT (tick by tick) architecture of NSE, Sanjay Gupta “influenced unknown officials of Sebi for which bribe money was given to the unknown officials of Sebi.”
Gupta also allegedly directed his employees to delete some important emails and texts related to the co-location controversy with the intention of destroying electronic evidence against his company.
“It was also alleged that Ajay Shah had been instrumental in exploitation of NSE's TBT architecture and collected NSE trade data in 2005-06, in the name of carrying out research. With the help of this data he developed Chanakya, which was also sold to selected brokers, including OPG. It is also alleged that Sanjay Gupta with the help of Kokrady was illegally trading in Dubai, Ghana, Singapore, Hong Kong and China through OPG Securities Ltd,” the senior CBI official quoted above said.
Searches were conducted by the CBI in seven places in Delhi, Mumbai, and Bangalore.
Jayshree P. Upadhyay in Mumbai contributed to this story.
HAWLEY, Pa. — A father of three is behind bars after troopers say he started shooting inside his home in Wayne County, Pennsylvania, sending family members scrambling for safety.
State police say Shawn Birtel, 47, pulled a gun and started firing in the early morning hours on Tuesday while his three children were inside.
Birtel's kids and their friends, who were home at the time, escaped through a second-floor window around 2 a.m., according to WNEP. An emergency ladder could still be seen later that day, dangling from an open window of the home along Route 6 in Hawley.
Troopers say Birtel was drinking with friends when he became combative, pulled out a pistol and began shooting, saying, “I'm going to kill them all.”
According to court papers, Birtel's children took a high-powered rifle from him so he couldn't use it. The children are 20, 15, and 11, authorities say. Along with two friends, they were able to get to safety thanks to the chain ladder.
No one was shot and Birtel surrendered when state police showed up. Troopers confiscated the rifle.
He's now facing possible prison time for assault, endangering the welfare of children, and other charges.
Birtel is locked up in the Wayne County Correctional Facility.
A Sheffield man has been put behind bars after he threatened to shoot two police officers who had come to arrest him.
Detectives were investigating a Sheffield shooting that had taken place earlier that day when two officers from South Yorkshire Police visited the property of James Maughan on March 6 this year, as part of the investigation.
When the two officers arrived at the property Maughan, of Fox Hill Road, Birley Carr peered out of an upstairs window, prosecutor, Richard Thyne, told the court.
The officers asked him to come and answer the door, but he refused, telling them they would have to 'come and get him'.
"The defendant said to the officers: 'Come on then, you know what these stairs are like. They're narrow, I'll get the first shot off'," Mr Thyne said.
Maughan, 24, was arrested at the scene a short time later, and continued to make threats to officers.
Mr Thyne added: "He said he was prepared to shoot himself, and would take them with him. He said they would be licked, which they took to mean they would be killed."
Despite the threats made by Maughan, no weapons were found at his property.
Mr Thyne told the court that no charges were ever brought against Maughan in relation to the shooting South Yorkshire Police were investigating when the officers visited his property.
Maughan pleaded guilty to making threats to kill during the sentencing hearing at Sheffield Crown Court on Wednesday, May 30.
He has previous convictions for offences of assault occasioning actual bodily harm, battery, causing death by dangerous driving and threatening behaviour, the court heard.
In mitigation, Maughan's barrister, Glenn Parsons, told the court that Maughan felt like he was the victim of an ongoing campaign of police harassment when he committed the offence.
"He has admitted that he was trying to put his criminal past behind him, but police were regularly his house, searching his home, none of which led to anything," said Mr Parsons, adding: "This put a huge amount of strain on his family. He's trying to support his partner. They have three children together, one of whom was just one-month-old when the police attended at the house."
Judge Jeremy Richardson QC sentenced Maughan to 15-months in prison.
He told him: "The threats you made were to police officers. I regard that as a serious feature of this case.
"The police officers are public servants. They, each of them, have a very difficult task to perform. They are deserving of protection."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Summerslam is almost upon us, and this week's Monday Night Raw was the final show for the red brand ahead of Sunday's huge pay-per-view.
With a huge Universal Championship set to main event Summerslam, Raw's main event was a meeting between the four competitors involved in that blockbsuter match, with Brock Lesnar, Braun Strowman, Roman Reigns and Samoa Joe all sharing the ring for the first time.
The likes of Dean Ambrose, Seth Rollins, Sasha Banks, Finn Balor and Jason Jordan were also in action ahead of WWE's big summer show, and here are seven things you missed overnight...
1. Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins finally reunite
In recent weeks, we have seen former Shield members Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins tease a reunion, with Ambrose remaining wary of Rollins after his betrayal in 2014, as he joined forces with Triple H and the Authority and dismantled The Shield.
Rollins' attempts to reconcile with Ambrose – saving him from beatdowns at the hands of Raw Tag Team Champions Cesaro and Sheamus – had failed, but Ambrose had relented and offered to join forces with Rollins again last week, only for Rollins to leave him hanging.
This week, Ambrose and Rollins finally got things out in the open; Rollins felt that their differences made them into an unstoppable team, but they went back and forth on a reunion, even coming to blows with each other as they struggled to find a common ground.
(Image: © WWE)
However, when Cesaro and Sheamus emerged, Ambrose and Rollins teamed up to fend them off, before finally bumping fists just like their Shield days – and GM Kurt Angle then granted them a Tag Team Championship match at Summerslam, giving them a chance to cap off a rollercoaster of a reunion.
2. Sasha Banks lands Alexa Bliss rematch after defeating Nia Jax
With Bayley out of Summerslam thanks to a shoulder injury, Sasha Banks and Nia Jax won qualifying matches to go head-to-head for a Raw Women's Championship match at Summerslam, with their meeting on Monday deciding who would face Alexa Bliss on Sunday.
As Bliss sat ringside in a comically high chair, it was Banks who claimed the win, forcing Jax to tap out to her Bank Statement submission hold, meaning Jax's wait for a title reign continues.
For Banks, it's a rematch against Bliss after she walked out of their match at Great Balls of Fire last month, and she will be hoping to claim the title in Brooklyn – the setting for her famous NXT match against Bayley in 2015.
3. Neville's Cruiserweight Championship reigns ends at the hands of Akira Tozawa
Since winning the Cruiserweight Championship at the Royal Rumble in January, Neville has been on a path of destruction on Raw and 205 Live, demolishing the competition whilst holding the title for almost 200 days.
Neville was set to defend his title against Akira Tozawa at Summerslam, but that match was brought forward to Monday Night Raw – and Neville's time as 'King of the Cruiserweights' is now over.
After missing with a Red Arrow, Neville was beaten as Tozawa hit a Diving Senton to claim the victory and the Cruiserweight Championship, sparking wild celebrations from Titus Worldwide as Titus O'Neil and Apollo Crews all congratulated Tozawa on his stunning win – but he will have to defend that title at Summerslam, as Neville has already invoked his rematch clause.
4. Bray Wyatt has awoken Finn Balor's demon
Bray Wyatt has been tormenting Finn Balor in recent weeks, and their backstage brawl not only led to WWE officials attempting to separate them on Monday Night Raw, but GM Angle then brought forward their Summerslam match as he wanted them to face off on Monday.
Balor looked to be getting in position for a win with his Coup de Grace finisher, but Wyatt plucked him from the top rope and hit him with a Sister Abigail for the victory, before landing the same move on Balor after the match had finished.
(Image: © WWE)
Wyatt proceeded to pour a bucket of red liquid – symbolically labelled as blood – over Balor, leading the former NXT Champion to confirm later in the night that his demon persona will rise again at Summerslam, meaning Wyatt may just regret his actions on Monday night.
5. Big Show suffers suspected broken hand – but will still face Big Cass at Summerslam
With Big Cass concerned that former best friend and tag team partner Enzo Amore will interfere in his Summerslam match against Big Show, GM Angle agreed on a fascinating stipulation, with Amore to be locked in a shark cage suspended above the ring.
This week, Cass attempted to discuss his intentions but was drowned out by a vociferous Boston crowd, before Amore and Big Show emerged to try and trap Cass in the ring – only for Karl Anderson and Luke Gallows to make a surprise appearance and blindside Big Show.
Show's fightback didn't last long, as Anderson and Gallows assisted to help Cass smash the shark cage door into Big Show's hand, which was later suspected to be broken – but he told Amore that he won't be backing down, and plans to go through with his Summerslam bout against Cass anyway.
6. Jason Jordan teams up with The Hardy Boyz in victory over the Miztourage
Early in the show, The Miz demanded that Kurt Angle made up for setting Brock Lesnar on The Miztourage last week, and after accusing Angle of abusing his power by putting his recently-revealed long-lost son Jason Jordan in a match against Curtis Axel, The Miz vowed to face Jordan himself.
That match didn't last long though, as The Miztourage – Axel and Bo Dallas – jumped into the ring to prevent Jordan from claiming a win over The Miz, and after The Hardy Boyz ran down to safe Jordan, Angle booked an impromptu six-man tag team match.
(Image: WWE)
A fine flurry saw Jordan hit a belly-to-belly suplex and Matt Hardy hit a Twist of Fate, leaving Jeff Hardy to claim the win with a Swanton Bomb – and whilst they celebrated their win, it's unclear just what their plans will be for Summerslam this Sunday.
7. Brock Lesnar and Braun Strowman have to be kept apart in explosive end to Raw
Ahead of the hotly-anticipated Fatal Four-Way at Summerslam, Brock Lesnar, Braun Strowman, Roman Reigns and Samoa Joe were set to meet in the ring for the first time as they prepare for Sunday's huge Universal Championship match.
Lesnar's advocate Paul Heyman again suggested that, if Lesnar loses the title, he will be leaving WWE, meaning this could have been his final ever appearance on Monday Night Raw, as Heyman continued to hint at a possible move to the UFC.
Samoa Joe and Braun Strowman soon arrived, but chaos ensued when Reigns hit the ring in confident fashion and immediately hit Joe with a vicious spear, only to meet a running powerslam from Strowman.
That left Lesnar and Strowman alone in the ring, though security guards and even members of the WWE roster attempted to keep them apart, though Lesnar powered through and jumped onto a pile of bodies obstructing Strowman as Raw went off the air, meaning Sunday's encounter could be one of the most hard-hitting bouts in recent WWE memory.
EDMONTON—Alberta is suspending portions of its draft plan to protect threatened woodland caribou, saying more research needs to be done and that Ottawa needs to help out. Environment Minister Shannon Phillips told the house Monday the province is acting on concerns about the economic impacts of the protection plan. “The federal Species at Risk Act is an extremely inflexible instrument that has already had negative economic consequences (in Alberta),” said Phillips. “We are going to do our best to make sure that we protect jobs on this.” She said she has sent that message in a letter to her federal counterpart, Catherine McKenna. Phillips is urging the federal government to help Alberta come up with a workable solution rather than have Ottawa impose an environmental protection order.
Article Continued Below
A statement issued by McKenna's office late Monday said Ottawa is determined to support the protection and recovery of caribou. “Our government is committed to protecting and conserving species at risk by putting in place conservation measures based on science, collaboration and robust recovery strategies,” the email stated. “Boreal caribou is an iconic species and a key indicator of a healthy boreal forest.” The statement added that Ottawa will continue to work with Alberta and others to ensure the conservation of the iconic species.
Alberta's draft plan is in response to an October federal deadline under the Species at Risk Act, and is designed to help threatened woodland caribou recover in 15 different ranges. The province released its draft plan on Dec. 19 and then held a series of town hall meetings. “The public meetings were attended by thousands of Albertans who are concerned about the impact caribou range plans will have on their communities and on the industries that support those communities,” stated Phillips' letter, which was co-signed by Energy Minister Marg McCuaig-Boyd. The federal government has the option of imposing an environmental protection order if a province doesn't come up with a plan to protect the caribou. The order would halt any development, such as oil drilling, that could harm the animals. The province plans to spend more than $85 million in the next five years to restore caribou habitat by eliminating seismic lines, building birthing pens and bringing in other measures. It has already invested $9.2 million and the estimated cost over the next 40 years is $1 billion. Phillips said the feds need to step up on planning and consultation, and on the money side as well. “Caribou recovery cannot occur without an infusion of federal funds to restore habitat necessary to ensure population growth,” she wrote. “While we need more time and partnership from the federal government on this matter, we also need your support in not prematurely implementing federal protection orders that will not have effective outcomes for Canadians and Albertans.”
Read more about:
HARTSVILLE, S.C. — May 29, 2018 — Sonoco, one of the largest diversified global packaging companies, today announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire the remaining 70 percent interest in the joint venture of Conitex Sonoco for approximately $133 million in cash. Conitex Sonoco is a vertically integrated, global leader in the manufacture of paper-based cones and tubes used in the textile industry. The transaction is subject to normal international regulatory reviews and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2018.
The Conitex Sonoco joint venture was formed in 1998 between Texpack Inc., a Spanish-based global provider of paperboard and paper-based packaging products, and Sonoco's former North America textile cone business. In 2017, the joint venture had total sales of approximately $245 million and produced more than 300,000 tons of uncoated recycled paperboard, which was used to produce approximately 1.4 billion tubes and cones for the global spun yarn industry. The company also produces adhesives, flexible intermediate bulk containers and corrugated pallets. The joint venture has 13 manufacturing locations in 10 countries, including four paper mills and seven cone and tube converting operations as well as two other production facilities.
“The Conitex Sonoco relationship has been very successful over the past 20 years, and we see even further opportunity to grow Sonoco's existing global paper-based tube and core business through this combination, especially in faster-growing emerging markets in Asia where we will be substantially increasing our manufacturing presence while more than doubling our current annual sales in the region,” said Rob Tiede, Sonoco president and chief executive officer.
Tiede added, “We welcome Conitex Sonoco's nearly 1,250 employees and are excited by the prospects for further building strong relationships with our combined customers in Asia, the Americas and Europe by offering innovative packaging solutions in paperboard, textile carriers and other value-added products.”
The acquisition of Conitex Sonoco will be modestly accretive to Sonoco's earnings in 2018. Conitex Sonoco's Chief Operating Officer Michel Schmidlin and members of his global leadership team will remain with Sonoco, and there are no expected changes to customer relationships. When the transaction is completed, Conitex Sonoco's financial results will be reported within Sonoco's Paper/Industrial Converted Products segment.
Posted May 29, 2018
Source: Sonoco
What is your favourite local radio station? Which local radio station do you enjoy listening to the most?
Tue, 18 Apr 2017 Reporter: Andy Murrill Contact: Mobile
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New Bristol Rovers signing Kyle Bennett has been speaking about his decision to leave Portsmouth.
The winger was released by Kenny Jackett's side on Wednesday before joining Rovers as a free agent on Thursday morning.
The 27-year-old played 117 times for Pompey during a two-and-a-half year stay at Fratton Park but had found first team opportunities harder to come by since Jackett replaced Paul Cook as manager in the summer.
This season he made just 22 appearances for the south coast side and saw his position on the left wing given to Cardiff City loanee Matty Kennedy.
Bennett's last performance in a Portsmouth shirt actually came against Rovers, as he came on at the Memorial Stadium as a late subsititute on New Year's Day.
Bennett told the Portsmouth News: "Sometimes you have to compromise a little bit just to get yourself game time.
"It had been going on for a couple of weeks. I didn't want to leave at first and was going to stay and try to fight it out, but things ended up coming to a head towards the end of the window.
"For me, it's disappointing to leave such a massive club. I've made many, many friends and had some great times in two-and-a-half years.
"Yet for four games I had not even touched the pitch, and before that November and December. My prerogative was always to play on the left side, that is where I feel the most comfortable.
"Matty Kennedy has done really well, he's stiff competition, and when the manager changed it he then put other people there instead of me. It looked as though I was falling down the pecking order. The writing was on the wall for me, really.
"I could have stayed and seen it out, but it's just not me to be honest with you and it probably wasn't going to get better for me in the weeks to come. Sitting there for another six months doing nothing is only going to hinder me.
"It was time to move on. Kenny has his own ideas and will most likely be manager for a long time to come – it probably wasn't going to change for me during that time."
He added: "I signed a new contract in May and was looking forward to settling down and buying a house.
"As it turned out, we didn't end up doing it because quite early on I was out of the team and at the end of the last window (August) there were a few ummings and ahhings about whether I was going to stay.
"On Wednesday, my wife said that it's crazy because every transfer window things have been so close to happening – and then ended up not going through.
"It has literally been every window. That is part of football, I always try to focus my mind that I'll be wherever I am, that's the way to look at it because you can't look too far ahead.
"You cannot think you are off and get your head turned, you are still at that club."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
George Cosgrove describes himself as a talker, but when he drives cancer patients to treatment, he transforms into a listener.
The 79-year-old Scranton resident has been a volunteer driver for the American Cancer Society's Road to Recovery program for the past five years.
Road to Recovery is an ACS program in which volunteers drive cancer patients to any of their cancer-related treatments, including doctor's appointments, chemotherapy and radiation. The group seeks additional volunteers for the program, said ACS mission delivery program manager Jennifer Washney.
In 2016, Road to Recovery provided 161 patients throughout Lackawanna County with 610 rides. The program now has 23 drivers in the county.
“We need drivers everywhere,” she said. “The need is growing, and I know that we live in a very caring community.”
To drive, volunteers must be between 18 and 84 years old, have a good driving record and complete an online training course through the ACS, said Washney. Drivers can use their own insured vehicle or an ACS van.
Cosgrove, who has prostate cancer, lost several family members to cancer. His wife overcame breast cancer about 4½ years ago. He uses these experiences to empathize with his passengers and develop close relationships with them.
“I can relate to them because of my family members that have had cancer,” he said. “When it hits family, it touches your heart.”
Listening is vital, Cosgrove said.
“You have to be a good listener,” he said. “I can tell when they get in if they're really hurting, if they're disappointed, if they're depressed.”
Many of Cosgrove's passengers do not have any family, so he gives them his phone number in case they ever need to talk.
Karen Wilmot, who cannot drive, is one of Cosgrove's passengers. She has been using Road to Recovery ever since doctors found a cancerous tumor behind her eye in fall 2016.
“I've had 33 treatments, so I've had 33 rides,” the Scranton resident said. “They're a blessing. They wait for me to get finished getting a ride home, and every single one of them have been very, very kind. I appreciate it.”
Without the help of volunteers, many of the passengers would be unable to get treatment, said Washney.
“The reality is that if a patient can't get treatment, they can't get well,” she said.
Washney emphasized the importance of the rides for cancer patients.
“It's more than a ride,” she said. “It's a ride to hope.”
Contact the writer:
flesnefsky@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100, x5186
How to help
To volunteer or receive information on the American Cancer Society's services, call 800-227-2345 or visit www.cancer.org.
Laura and Kenny celebrate Olympic medals together... and now there's a baby on the way
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cycling golden couple Jason and Laura Kenny are expecting their first child, their agent has confirmed.
The Olympic duo sparked fevered speculation that they're expecting the the pitter patter of tiny fee t with an adorable Instagram post on Valentine's Day.
Four-time Olympic gold medalist Laura (née Trott) shared a picture of three bicycles - two adult and a child's - with a simple heart in the caption.
The 24-year-old was flooded with messages of congratulations despite no obvious confirmation.
"Great news and a very clever way of announcing it," commented mike4wales, presuming the pair are pregnant.
"Aw congratulations both - that is going to be one speedy baby!" posted another fan.
(Photo: PA)
Hubby Jason , 28, made a light-hearted nod to the news in a message to his wife on Twitter.
Alongside a cartoon picture of a flyer on pregnancy captioned So You've Ruined Your Life, he wrote: "I wondered why this leaflet came through the post."
(Photo: Rex)
Luke Lloyd-Davies, the couple's agent, later said: "I can confirm that Laura Kenny is indeed pregnant and that she, Jason and their respective families are absolutely thrilled and delighted with the news.
"They very much appreciate all the kind wishes and messages of support that they have received already."
The couple, who married in September in a private ceremony, went public with the news following their 12-week scan.
Laura has previously spoken of wanting to start a family with Jason, but that they said the plan was to wait until after the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
"We would love to have kids obviously but when that will happen I don't know," revealed Laura on Good Morning Britain.
"I think it would be very hard to juggle a cycling career with children to be honest."
Laura is a four-time Olympic champion for Team GB, while Jason has six Olympic track sprint gold medals to his name.
In light of recent events concerning the public's fears and questions about local health care facilities and their clients, the Northern Kentucky Living Center has stepped up to help work with the issues. They are available to answer any and all questions that community members may have and not only that, they will also be offering a number of different ways for people to educate themselves about mental health issues.
"This all came about more from a lack of understanding than anything else and I think it can be overturned with education," said Heath Culberson, Director of the Northern Kentucky Living Center in Falmouth, a health care facility which specializes in assisting clients that have mental health issues with daily activities and everyday living. "One of the first things people need to know is that we are only a phone call away. We do come out too and are very willing to do so."
To view more, please log in or subscribe to the digital edition.
The RFS have received a barrage of phone calls from concerned residents in relation to pile burns.
ROYAL Fire Service Mid North Coast have issued a warning for the public to notify the service if they intend to undertake pile burns.
The RFS have received a barrage of phone calls from concerned residents in relation to pile burns, unnecessarily taking up the brigade's time.
The team were called out to an apparent structure fire burning in Upper Orara at around 3:20 this morning however it was found to be a larg pile burn behind a home.
An RFS spokesperson said even though it may not be summer anymore, people need to notify the service of their pile burns all year around.
"We need to be informed at least 1 hour before lighting in order to avoid confusion,” said an RFS spokesperson.
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $15.
Those are the findings of an “independent assessment” of Bill 148, the Liberal's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act. The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $11.40 an hour to $11.60 in October, up to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018, and $15 the following year.
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario's Chamber of Commerce, the bill will put jobs at risk and have “dramatic unintended consequences.” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation.
“Should the government move forward with these vast, unprecedented reforms, there will be significant, sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario,” he said. The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $23 billion “hit” over the next two years because of the legislation. While the changes won't cause mass layoffs, they will kill job growth, said Paul Smetanin, president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis, which conducted the study.
“The results are not sensationalized,” Smetanin said. “We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests. It pains us to have to deliver such a message.”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself. Increased costs associated with the bill will add $440 million in debt to the province's treasury.
“As I go from community to community, the thing that I'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast,” he said.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report. It's one of a “long list” of studies on the topic, he added.
“We recognize there are concerns from the business community,” he said in a statement. “We've worked hard to make sure Ontario's business climate is competitive, and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more.
That being said, we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians.”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill.
“It'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work,” Yakabuski said in a statement. “A higher minimum wage doesn't help if Ontarians don't have a job to wake up to in the morning.”
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Congratulations!
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time.
Clipboard
Scranton store owner describes robbery, getting shot at The armed robber and the defiant store owner chasing him reached the train tracks when the bullets started flying. Two shots cracked Monday in the hot air. (read more)
Judge dimisses inmate's religious freedom lawsuit A federal judge dismissed a lawsuit filed by a former Lackawanna County prison inmate who alleged the prison violated his right to religious freedom. (read more)
Farmers market vouchers available to seniors A popular program that provides Lackawanna County senior citizens with vouchers to obtain fresh fruit and vegetables at area farmers markets returns this summer. (read more)
Blakely police rescue 11 ducklings trapped in storm drain BLAKELY - Eleven ducklings and their mother were safely released into the Lackawanna River this morning after Blakely police rescued the little ones from a storm drain. (read more)
Ex-Luzerne County teacher gets up to 2 years for sex with students WILKES-BARRE — When it came time for former Coughlin High School teacher Robert Havard to be sentenced Tuesday afternoon for having sexual relations with two teenage students, more than two dozen supporters lined up at the bench to ask the judge for mercy. (read more)
The NCAA Tournament's signature chaos has been in full effect, with low-seeded teams like the University of Maryland-Baltimore County and Loyola-Chicago becoming March Madness darlings. UMBC shot its way into hearts of sports fans everywhere by becoming the first 16-seed to knock out a one-seed in men's tournament history. Loyola-Chicago won games in dramatic fashion as an 11-seed, and its good luck charm, Sister Jean Dolores-Schmidt, has become an internet sensation. Who do you love more?
PERSPECTIVES
If you want to talk about long shots, the odds don't get any longer than a 16-seed versus a one-seed. But that didn't matter the University of Maryland-Baltimore County. They became the first 16-seed to win in the NCAA Men's Tournament, knocking off the mighty Virginia Cavaliers with hot shooting.
The team's swag and adorable mascot has made UMBC an instant darling to college basketball fans everywhere. Who doesn't love a true underdog?
Instant classic: Relive UMBC's incredible win over Virginia in 8 minutes
UMBC was a cool story. The operative word being "was." Loyola-Chicago advanced further in the tournament and did it in style.
The Ramblers may not have a big program, but they have a flair for the dramatic, winning two games with last-second shots. Plus they have the cutest secret weapon in Sister Jean, a 97-year-old good luck charm for the team.
UMBC had one good game. Loyola-Chicago stuck around. The Ramblers are the underdog story you've been waiting for.
The Tylt is focused on debates and conversations around news, current events and pop culture. We provide our community with the opportunity to share their opinions and vote on topics that matter most to them. We actively engage the community and present meaningful data on the debates and conversations as they progress. The Tylt is a place where your opinion counts, literally. The Tylt is an Advance Digital, Inc. property. Join us on Twitter @TheTylt or on Facebook, we'd love to hear what you have to say.
Shona has just been revealed as Clayton's mum
Sheamus has a message for Celtic as they seek Sco
Robert Lewandowski fit and raring to go against R
Steward gives not so thorough searches at Tottenh
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger is a confident, self-assured character. He's never doubted his ability and, until now it seems, has consistently delivered for Arsenal.
It could be argued that he hasn't quite delivered in the way Gunners fans would have liked in recent years, but he has certainly 'achieved', finishing in the top four in every season he has been in charge of the north London club.
This season Arsenal sit seventh in the Premier League, and are currently on an absolutely horrendous run of form.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Away from home Wenger has seen his side lose their last four fixtures for the first time in his illustrious spell in charge of the club.
Fans are growing increasingly angry, and although Wenger has stayed determined amid the drama, cracks are beginning to appear as the above video shows...
After the Swansea win in January
(Photo: Stuart MacFarlane)
The Gunners ran out 4-0 winners of the day in a thoroughly dominant display at the Liberty Stadium.
Wenger praised his side for being "relentless" and commented on the fact they were much sharper than their opposition. All was good at this point.
After the Chelsea defeat in February
(Photo: REUTERS)
The first of the four defeats on the road came at Stamford Bridge as the Gunners were soundly beaten 3-1 by Antonio Conte's side.
After the game Wenger conceded his team did not create enough in the final third and was visibly disappointed that Arsenal had lost to their London rivals.
After the Liverpool defeat in March
(Photo: Laurence Griffiths)
Arsenal then travelled to Anfield to take on Liverpool. Wenger dropped Alexis Sanchez for the game in favour of more "direct" attack play.
His side were beaten 3-1 and his defiant comments in the face of increasingly difficult questions spoke for very little.
After the West Brom defeat in March
(Photo: PA)
The Gunners defeat at the Hawthorns had everything. Planes carrying banners took some of the spotlight but in the end Arsenal were undone by two corners.
Wenger attempted to highlight the positives after the game, but the pressure continued to show on his face as fans became increasingly frustrated.
After the Crystal Palace defeat in April
(Photo: AFP/Getty)
And finally, the 3-0 humbling at the hands of the Eagles. Fans turned on the whole team following the fixture as Wenger's side were well and truly battered.
And well, see for yourself the Frenchman's demeanour following the game.
U.K. Officials Apologize After Lives Of Caribbean Immigrants Thrown Into Disarray NPR's Ailsa speaks to Natalie Barnes and her mother Paulette Wilson about how their family was shocked in 2015 to receive word from the British Home Office that Paulette was no longer considered a citizen and risked deportation to Jamaica where she was born after not have visited there for 50 years.
The Toronto Argonauts have acquired quarterback James Franklin and a third-round selection in the 2018 CFL Draft from the Edmonton Eskimos in exchange for Canadian offensive lineman Mason Woods.
Franklin has made 12 appearances over three seasons in Edmonton, completing 116-of-176 pass attempts for 1,449 yards, 12 touchdowns, and one interception while rushing for 145 yards and one touchdown on 18 carries.
Woods, from Maple Ridge, B.C., was selected by the Toronto Argonauts in the first round (10th overall) of the 2017 CFL draft. Woods attended University of Idaho from 2013 - 2016 where he appeared in 34 games.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
People in Bristol have won a total of £300,000 on the Premium Bonds and never collected it – and the oldest prize still unclaimed dates back 50 years, the Bristol Post can reveal.
There are more than 8,000 people who bought Premium Bonds, won prizes but had moved house and changed their address on the bond.
The oldest prize dates back to August 1968, when the holder of Bond number FB266568 scooped £25.
Those heady days of that summer were when England were still football world champions, Richard Nixon was picked as a Presidential candidate and the Prague Spring was ruthlessly oppressed by the Soviet Union.
Back then, £25 was a fair bit more than an average weekly wage and would have been a sizeable sum – worth more than £300 in today's money.
But after 50 years of going unclaimed, you'd just about get a three-course meal for one in a city centre restaurant for it now.
That customer had £8 worth of Premium Bonds back in August 1968, but when contacted to be informed of their win did not cash the cheque or claim.
(Image: SIphotography)
Since then, that has happened no fewer than 8,000 times, and Premium Bonds are sitting on £300,000 of Bristolian people's prizes.
“Premium Bond prizes often become unclaimed as a result of people moving house and not telling NS&I, or not keeping their details held with us up to date,” explained Jill Waters, from Premium Bonds.
“Agent A Million would not be able to deliver the good news if you were lucky enough to win the £1 million jackpot,” she added.
This month, one lucky woman in Bristol – who has not been named – won a million on the Premium Bonds and was there to claim it.
“Last month one of our jackpot winners not only received £1 million but also received outstanding prizes won prior to notifying us of their change of address," added Jill.
“We are urging Premium bondholders to reduce the chance of their prizes becoming unclaimed in the future by keeping personal details up to date and registering to manage their Premium Bonds online or by phone and choosing to have any subsequent prizes paid directly into their bank account."
Download the Bristol Post app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app.
The woman from Bristol bought her winning Bond (number: 040YG716639) in March 2003 and currently has £10,000 invested in Premium Bonds. The woman becomes the ninth winner from Bristol, and this prize means that the city has now had a jackpot win each year for the four consecutive years, with the last being in August 2017.
“To check whether they have any unclaimed Premium Bonds prizes, customers can visit the NS&I website at www.nsandi.com, download the prize Checker app for free at the App Store on or Google Play you can write to us at NS&I, Glasgow, G58 1SB asking for your prize history (remember to include your name, address and NS&I number or Premium Bonds holder's number). We'll send you a list of the prizes you've won,” she added.
President Donald Trump's plan to sign an order that will crack down on exemptions to “Buy American” policies signals that Canadian officials have a fight on their hands as they head into a possible renegotiation of NAFTA. ( Victor Biro / Toronto Star file photo )
WASHINGTON—President Donald Trump is planning to sign an executive order on Tuesday that will crack down on exemptions to federal “Buy American” policies, a move that could hurt Canadian companies. The administration's new policy is to “minimize the granting of waivers,” an official who insisted on anonymity said in a briefing on Monday. “The message here is clear: Buy American is the Trump administration's highest priority,” the official said. “When it comes to spending taxpayer dollars, agencies have their clear marching orders, and they will be held strictly accountable for any failure to fulfil the Buy American vision.” Buy American provisions require the government to use American firms rather than foreign firms. The North American Free Trade Agreement is supposed to protect Canadian firms from Buy American on significant purchases. For example, Canadian firms are allowed to compete for goods contracts of more than $25,000 U.S. and construction contracts of more than $10.1 million.
Article Continued Below
But an expert on Canada-U.S. trade, Dan Ujczo, said the order will likely do immediate harm to Canadian businesses anyway, sending a clear message to U.S. government officials that they should not favour bids that involve foreign firms and materials. “It sends a chilling effect down to all the agency heads, where they're not going to even consider bids that have foreign components from Canadian suppliers,” said Ujczo, an Ohio lawyer with Dickinson Wright. “It's going to send that chill all the way through agencies and departments that are otherwise inclined to favour the most efficient and cost-effective bid.” The chill might extend further. The order, Ujczo said, will likely prompt some U.S. companies to use domestic suppliers rather than better-value Canadians. And state governments might now choose to avoid foreign firms in projects funded in part by Trump's federal government, he said.
The usual caveats apply. Canada was not mentioned during the briefing. As with most of Trump's executive orders, it was not clear how much it was intended merely to serve as political rhetoric rather than make actual change. But the order signals that Canadian officials have a Buy American fight on their hands as they head into a possible renegotiation of NAFTA. Among other things, the order will instruct the U.S. “to take a very hard look at how waivers of Buy American in our free trade agreements may be a poster child of unfair and non-reciprocal trade,” an official said. Canadian officials have lobbied against Buy American for years, with varying success. They managed to secure a partial exemption for Canada from the economic-stimulus law signed by Barack Obama in 2009. Big Canadian companies with U.S. operations and top lawyers will likely manage to manoeuvre around Trump's crackdown, but smaller firms will be hit harder, Ujczo said.
Read more about:
© AP Photo/Lynne Sladky
The guns and ammunition of a 56-year-old Lighthouse Point, Florida, resident were confiscated by police in what is reportedly the first such seizure under gun control laws signed by Gov. Rick Scott (R) last week.The Orlando Sentinel reports that "four firearms and 267 rounds of ammunition" were taken from the man, and he was "taken to a hospital for involuntary psychiatric treatment."The seized firearms were listed as "a Ruger LCP .380 pistol, an M2 Mauser .45 pistol, a Charter Arms .357 mag snub nose revolver and a Mossberg 500 12-gauge shotgun."The paper notes that "the civil ruling removing his access to guns and ammunition was granted under ... new legislation - which permits confiscating guns from people who have not been committed but are deemed a potential risk to themselves or others, according to the order signed by Broward's Chief Judge Jack Tuter."The confiscatory order also bars the man from making new firearm or ammunition purchases.On March 9, Breitbart News reported that Gov. Scott signed a $400 million gun bill that includes orders whichWhen asked about the confiscatory order that resulted in the seizure of the Lighthouse Point resident's firearms, Mayor Glenn Troast said, "This is not about the Second Amendment and it's not about the NRA. We need commonsense gun laws and this is a commonsense gun law that gives police officers new tools they need to help us protect our community."AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News, the host of the Breitbart podcast Bullets with AWR Hawkins , and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins , a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment, also for Breitbart News. He is the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com . Sign up to get Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange
Outgoing Mayor Mark Farrell's dream to bring low-cost, high-speed internet to all San Franciscans is likely to fade to black when he leaves office.
The reason is the cost.
Internet-for-all service is pegged to cost anywhere from $850 million to $1.9 billion, and even with a private partner to pick up a portion of the tab, any deal would require some sort of public subsidy.
Farrell is set to leave office July 11, when London Breed takes over as mayor, and advisers say the last thing he wants to do on the way out is throw away his reputation for being fiscally prudent by serving up voters a bond measure for the November ballot that could go down as the most costly in the city's history.
Plus, having given up his Board of Supervisors seat to step temporarily into the mayor's job, Farrell will no longer have the political mantle to lead the campaign for a ballot measure.
And then there is the polling.
A voter survey conducted by Farrell's political team found public support for a fall measure iffy at best. The poll of 900 voters taken in May showed support for low-cost service at above 60 percent, but it was still below the two-thirds mark required for approval of new taxes to pay for it.
A separate David Binder poll of 500 likely voters commissioned by telecommunications giant AT&T, which would have to compete with other providers to run the service, showed 67 percent support for the idea of the city building its own system.
But after survey respondents heard arguments for and against the plan, including the potential cost to residents, approval dropped to 48 percent. The poll was conducted April 19-23, and has a 4.4 percentage point margin of error.
“The strongest message against the proposal makes the case that San Francisco has higher priorities than building its own fiber-optic network and argues that the estimated $1.6 billion would be better spent on improving city services like education and transportation,” according to Binder's analysis.
Whatever the case, Farrell insists he's not abandoning the effort, even if it won't happen on his watch. In fact, he still got the Board of Supervisors to put $750,000 into the new budget to pay for more studies.
“All options are on the table to help continue to move this project forward,” Farrell said. “Our city and low-income communities deserve a more equitable future, and this project will help achieve that.”
Spare change: Tourist industry officials are hoping that news of a major medical convention leaving town may finally lead to changes on the city's scary streets.
“There is something about the news of a convention leaving that really resonated with people,” said San Francisco Travel President and CEO Joe D'Alessandro, who estimated that losing the five-day convention cost the local economy about $40 million.
Unlike the locals, who have grown accustomed over the years to the sight of people sprawled on the sidewalks, tourists and conventioneers are shocked by what they see.
“They feel their safety is at risk because they are seeing so many people with issues,” said Hotel Council Executive Director Kevin Carroll.
D'Alessandro, Carroll and others have joined together to lobby the Board of Supervisors in the hopes of changing the picture — and recently helped persuade the supervisors to agree to hire more police.
“What we need are more foot patrols,” D'Alessandro said. “Visible foot patrols so that people feel safer and people don't act out.”
“How about enforcing existing laws?” suggested Carroll.
San Francisco Travel is also working with the local charity Tipping Point to get more mental health services on the street level.
In the short run, however, tourism chief D'Alessandro would be happy if the city would just beef up its street-cleaning operations.
“Other cities have homeless,” he said. “Denver, for example, has a homeless problem, but the streets are clean, so it just feels safer.”
Stepping up: Planning for next Wednesday's inauguration of London Breed as San Francisco's 44th elected mayor is well under way, and we're told at least one big tradition will remain intact.
After her swearing-in on the steps of City Hall, Breed is expected to greet the public in her office.
Typically, inaugural greeting sessions of past mayors have lasted several hours — with family, friends and ordinary citizens all lining up and waiting for a chance to shake hands or to embrace the incoming mayor.
The meet-and-greet can be a real test of the mayor's endurance as well.
“I was greeting so many people for so many hours that my jaw and the muscles around my face were sore at the end of the day from smiling and saying hello,” former Mayor Art Agnos recalled of his 1988 swearing-in.
Then again, Agnos said the adrenaline rush and “joy of the day” make up for any physical discomfort.
Still, Agnos does have one bit of advice for Breed: “I hope she has some comfortable shoes, because standing like that for hours can be taxing.”
San Francisco Chronicle columnists Phillip Matier and Andrew Ross appear Sundays, Mondays and Wednesdays. Matier can be seen on the KPIX TV morning and evening news. He can also be heard on KCBS radio Monday through Friday at 7:50 a.m. and 5:50 p.m. Got a tip? Call 415-777-8815, or email matierandross@ sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @matierandross
World Cup 2018: 5 Best Kits in Russia
Taavi Peelo FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 360 // 04 Jul 2018, 20:11 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Nigeria
We are all excited about the World Cup 2018. People are trying to predict the scores, pick the best players in a fantasy dream team and even complain about the players who fall down too easily. But there is one more thing that gets people excited - kits in the World Cup. Football is not just a game anymore. It has also become a fashion show with all hairstyles and the way players dress.
It's a good chance that you have already seen every single team play at least once but have you really thought about the kits? Possibly.
Football kits are extremely important in this game. People like to choose their favourite and spend a lot of money for a chance to wear them. Today we look at the best kits in the World Cup 2018. Is your favourite on the list?
#5 Colombia (Home)
Colombia
We all remember the Colombian players and fans wearing these amazing looking shirts. Wherever we turned our eyes you could see many yellow shirts dancing around and singing songs. Unfortunately, we are not able to see this anymore as Colombia were knocked out of the tournament. However, we will always remember the colours they were playing in.
Colombian kit is definitely one of the best in this World Cup as it brings out their heritage. Without even knowing you could tell which country is playing in these. There is something about this kit that tells us a great story about the history of Colombian football. One of the best things is they haven't really changed much. If you look at the older Colombian kits you would notice it's almost authentical with the 90s kit for example.
Colombia can definitely be proud.
News Brief: Investigating The Shooter's Motive, NRA Endorses Regulations Investigators are looking into the life of the Las Vegas shooter while the NRA made a rare concession. Elahe Izadi of The Washington Post discusses sexual harassment claims against Harvey Weinstein.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brendan Cole and ex-fiancee Camilla Dallerup famously split after the dancer was paired with newsreader Natasha Kaplinsky on the very first series of Strictly Come Dancing in 2004.
While veteran dancer Brendan, who was recently axed from the show after 13 years, was paired with Natasha, his then-fiancee Camilla, who he had been with for eight years, was paired with antiques expert David Dickinson.
It was alleged at the time that Brendan, 41, had a fling with his celeb partner- giving rise to the dreaded 'Strictly Curse'.
The pair denied the affair but Camilla split from Brendan, saying the break-up "was like a mini-death".
(Image: BBC)
(Image: Nicholas Bowman)
Now, finally addressing the long-persistent rumours, Brendan suggested that no affair took place because he was very much single after his relationship with Camilla came to an end not long after the series kicked off.
The New Zealand-born professional told the Daily Mail : "I've never talked about what relationship Natasha and I had on the show. What I did learn is that Strictly is not reality. It's a television show where emotions are very much heightened.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"It's a unique situation and a fantastic show to be part of, but when you take it away, life just goes back to normal."
The dancer, who is now married to model Zoe Hobbs, went on: "I didn't cross any lines with Natasha. I was single. Camilla had ended the relationship very early on in the series so what happened happened after that.
"It was a harrowing time - winning the show as much as my friendship with Natasha. On the other hand it was like, Holy Moses. It can ruin a marriage so easily."
(Image: PA)
(Image: BBC)
Speaking about the 'curse', he admitted everyone who takes part on the show - and their other halves - are very much aware of it, saying jealousy is always heightened because dancers and their partners forge such a close bond and experience a huge journey together.
While addressing past freindships and unsubstantiated reports, Brendan said of wife Zoe, who is pregnant with their second child: "Zoe trusts me but does she like it? No. Does anybody like to see anything gossipy being put out there about their husband even though they understand the industry? No."
(Image: Getty)
(Image: WENN.com)
Brendan and Zoe wed in 2010 and share five-year-old daughter Aurelia together.
Natasha tied the knot with with private equity professional Justin Bower a year after being paired with Brendan on the show. The couple share two children together.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United are reportedly looking to sign Phil Neville's son Harvey from Valencia .
The 14-year-old is currently part of Los Che's youth system and has been compared to David Beckham , owing to his prowess of his right foot.
Harvey has ended up at Valencia after his dad was appointed as an assistant coach in 2015, with his uncle Gary then joining as manager.
Gary was sacked after less than a year, with Phil then following him out of the La Liga side.
(Image: philipneville18/Instagram)
Harvey, however, has remained in Spain after he was given a new deal and has developed into one of their best young prospects.
And now Spanish outlet Super Deporte are reporting that Manchester United are keen to bring him back to these shores.
(Image: harvey.neville/Instagram)
(Image: philipneville18/Instagram)
Tottenham are also said to be interested.
(Image: harvey.neville/Instagram)
Harvey began his youth career at Carrington with United and later had a spell with Manchester City, before the family moved to Spain.
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
Proud parent Phil has posted a number of videos of his son in action for Valencia's youth teams, which caught the eye of his former team-mate David Beckham.
(Image: Getty)
"Great cross Philip, you have been showing Harvey videos of me??", posted the former Real Madrid and LA Galaxy man.
"Yes mate, morning noon and night haha," replied Neville.
The otherwise hurried Finch and Yonge intersection, cornered by a Korean barbecue restaurant and international student centre, was mostly empty Tuesday afternoon save for a police cruiser, caution tape and a smattering of people who looked overhead as a helicopter whirred by. Just 24 hours before, a tragedy began not far from that spot. On Monday afternoon a van drove down Yonge St., crossing the Finch Ave. W. intersection. For the next 2.2 kilometres, the van veered onto the curb, hitting pedestrians, killing 10 and injuring 14. Police arrested a suspect just south of Sheppard Ave. On Tuesday afternoon, people who work and live in the area emerged onto Yonge St. and gathered near caution tape and watched the quiet street. “This is an all-inclusive, friendly, tight community, and the best part of the city,” said resident Stephen Voget, standing near Mel Lastman Square. Read more:
Article Continued Below
He was relieved to discover the owners of a foodtruck near Finch Ave. were safe. “I bring them popsicles in the summer,” he said, his voice thick with emotion. Mark Ankrh moved to the area 15 years ago from Ghana and watched as buildings were added and the neighbourhood became busier, denser and more diverse. “It's very multicultural here,” Ankrh said. “Koreans, Iranians, Africans — it's very busy as people have moved into new buildings.” A 2016 Statistics Canada neighbourhood profile of Willowdale East, which includes the centrally located Yonge St. at Finch Ave., is a picture of the diversity within the ward and reflects the demographics along the stretch of Yonge St. where the incident occurred. Fifty-one per cent of respondents in the StatsCan survey listed a language other than English or French as their home language. This is more than Toronto's average of 28 per cent of respondents who speak a nonofficial language at home. Within the ward, the top five languages spoken at home are Mandarin, Persian (Farsi), Korean, Cantonese, and Russian for close to 19,000 people surveyed. About 6.4 per cent of survey respondents do not speak either official language. Coun. John Fillon said there are large Chinese, Korean and Persian communities within his ward, which likely represent at least half of its residents. The ethnic makeup allows for an “exposure to people from different parts of the world, the culture they bring with them, the stories they bring with them,” he said. “It gives you a much better experience of the world. (It's) much larger than your little neighbourhood.” Businesses along Yonge St. reflect this diversity. Across the street from a spot where the van struck, a Persian book and magazine store is sandwiched between a Korean restaurant and Asian beauty store. The van sped past sushi, rice noodle and tea places before coming to a halt beside a Japanese cafe.
Tomoko Izumi, who works in the H Cafe, saw the shape of a van pull up outside her window on Poyntz Ave. Monday, but didn't witness the dramatic arrest of Alek Minassian. "If the van came through to inside, maybe I'd have died," she said Tuesday. ( Lucas Oleniuk )
At the window of H Cafe was employee Tomoko Zumi. She said she was alone and busy making rice cakes as the sunlight streamed through the glass making it hard to see outside. She saw the shape of a van pull up, but didn't see the driver or police standoff and didn't hear shouts or sirens. It wasn't until her boss called her 20 minutes later and asked if she was OK that she found out what had happened. “I became very scared,” Zumi said Tuesday. “If the van came through to inside, maybe I'd have died.” In the area, spaced between office buildings are condominiums, and the Yonge St. stretch is surrounded by single family homes. The tragedy has left its mark on the school community. The incident unfolded outside the front door of the Toronto District School Board's head office at 5050 Yonge St. and in an area where hundreds of students go back and forth to school every day. Teenagers from the nearby Earl Haig Secondary School and Cardinal Carter Academy for the Arts frequent that part of Yonge St. at lunchtime. Both schools, along with several elementary schools, were put on “hold and secure” status, with doors locked, for part of the afternoon after reports of the carnage.
Toronto high school student Jonathan Gogek joined a small crowd looking out at the aftermath of a rampage that killed 10 people on Yonge St. Monday. "It's insane, why would somebody do this," he wondered. ( Lucas Oleniuk )
Jonathan Gogek, a 15-year-old Earl Haig student, said he wasn't allowed to leave the school for most of the day Monday. “It's insane, why would somebody do this?” Gogek asked Tuesday, gesturing toward Mel Lastman Square before making his way home. About half of the ward lists its marital status as married, with close to the same percentage of people classified as “working age,” namely between 25 and 54 years old, according to the survey. The top three income brackets within the ward are $60,000 to $79,999; $80,000 to $99,999; and under $5,000. Police stood at points along the stretch, monitoring the cordoned off areas as mourners walked by carrying flowers as they made their way to the memorial at Olive Square and city workers swept the streets and restrung caution tape.
Clita Saldana thanks Constable Ramsbottom, left, and Constable Binns for their service as they stand guard on Yonge St. at Holmes Ave. Tuesday. ( Lucas Oleniuk )
Local resident Clita Saldanha was among many who stopped to thank police for their work Monday. “We never see the police force around here, but they were yesterday,” she said. “They give me pride, these are my cops taking care of my city.” With files from Vjosa Isai and Andrea Gordon
Nicole Williams, who is Instagram-famous … this 5-year old died in an unspeakably bad accident at a hotel in Atlanta… “Rural Tennesseans could have gotten free internet but their legislators shut it down” … if an hour of running adds seven hours to your life, if you run just an hour a week for a year, you'd add 15 days to your life … “FBI documents detail how the Russians try to recruit spies” … there's going to be a suicide prevention net around the Golden Gate Bridge … the new McDonald's uniforms look like something out of Star Trek … the oldest person in the world, the last person born in the 1800s, died over the weekend … this image of the highway simply buckling is puzzling … man steals 100 cell phones at Coachella, but people activated “find my iPhone” and they caught the thief easily …
Peter King and Albert Breer came on my radio show and talked about the NFL Draft and QB development. Thought-provoking stuff. Also, NBA playoff banter – plus the terrible Knicks – with Noah Coslov. [Fox Sports Radio Podcast; Full 3-Hour Radio Show]
US Women's soccer stars are going to Europe to play. Which makes sense. [NY Post]
PJ Dozier could have returned and been one of the best players in the SEC, but he's going to the NBA and signing with an agent. [Yahoo Sports]
Really, really long story of how the Raiders got to Las Vegas. [ESPN the Magazine]
A bit late on this, but here's a breakdown of how many times golfers at the Masters were shown on CBS. [Classic TV Sports.com]
The oldest basketball court in the world is located in … Paris? [NYT]
Remember the Tony Romo-Mavericks stunt last week? It was a huge rating win for the team. [Dallas Morning News]
“How the ‘Real Housewives' Reveal Race, Culture and Wealth Issues in L.A. and N.Y.” [Hollywood Reporter]
Carve out some time to read this lengthy story on the stolen Tom Brady jersey. [SI]
Baby elephant gets a drink, and gets bitten by an crocodile.
I went on Chris Broussard's podcast last week and beat him up a bit.
© Dawid Zawiła on Unsplash
Symptoms at the end of life
© Universit of Wollongong
Not everyone gets this care
Australia can do better
Many people fear death partly because of the perception they might suffer increasing pain and other awful symptoms the nearer it gets. There's often the belief palliative care may not alleviate such pain, leaving many people to die excruciating deaths.But an excruciating death is extremely rare. The evidence about palliative care is that pain and other symptoms, such as fatigue, insomnia and breathing issues, actually improve as people move closer to death. More than 85% of palliative care patients have no severe symptoms by the time they die.Evidence from the Australian Palliative Care Outcomes Collaboration (PCOC) shows that there has been a statistically significant improvement over the last decade in pain and other end-of-life symptoms. Several factors linked to more effective palliative care are responsible.These include more thorough assessments of patient needs, better medications and improved multidisciplinary care (not just doctors and nurses but also allied health workers such as therapists, counsellors and spiritual support).Each year in Australia, about 160,000 people die and we estimate 100,000 of these deaths are predictable. Yet, the PCOC estimates only about 40,000 people receive specialist palliative care per year.The most common symptom that causes people distress towards the end of life is fatigue. In 2016, 13.3% of patients reported feeling severe distress due to fatigue at the start of their palliative care. This was followed by pain (7.4%) and appetite (7.1%) problems.Distress from fatigue and appetite is not surprising as a loss of energy and appetite is common as death approaches, while most pain can be effectively managed. Other problems such as breathing, insomnia, nausea and bowel issues are experienced less often and typically improve as death approaches.In 2016, about a quarter of all palliative care patients (26%) reported having one or more severe symptoms when they started palliative care. This decreased to 13.9% as death approached.The most common problem at the start was fatigue, which remained the most common problem at the end. Pain is much less common than fatigue. In total, 7.4% of patients reported severe pain at the beginning of their palliative care and only 2.5% reported severe pain in the last few days.These figures must be considered in relation to a person's wishes. It's true for a small number of patients that existing medications and other interventions do not adequately relieve pain and other symptoms.But some patients who report problematic pain and symptoms elect to have little or no pain relief. This might be because of family, personal or religious reasons. For some patients, this includes a fear opioids (the active ingredient in drugs like codeine) and sedating medications will shorten their life. For others, being as alert as possible at the point of death is essential for spiritual reasons.Patient outcomes vary depending on a range of factors such as the resources available and geographical location. People living in areas of high socioeconomic status have better access to palliative care than those who live in lower socioeconomic areas.The PCOC data demonstrate those receiving care in a hospital with dedicated specialist palliative care services have better pain and symptom control (due to the availability of 24-hour care) compared to those receiving palliative care at home. There is now a national consensus statement to improve the provision of palliative care in hospitals.Although there are national palliative care standards and national safety and quality standards, each state, territory, health district and organisation is responsible for the individual delivery of palliative care. Subsequently, differing approaches to delivery and resources exist in the provision of palliative care.Recent reports by the New South Wales and Victorian Auditor-General Offices highlight the demand for palliative care services and the need for appropriate resourcing to support patients, carers and families as well as for more integrated information and service delivery across care settings.The Australian Palliative Care Outcomes Collaboration holds information on more than 250,000 people who have received specialist palliative care over the last decade. Although participation in the data collection is voluntary, there has been steady uptake. The collaboration estimates that information on more than 80% of specialist palliative care patients is being reported each year.Australia is in a unique position internationally as it has a national system to routinely measure the outcomes and experience of palliative care patients and their families. These data can help clinicians to measure the effectiveness of their care and help providers adopt best practice. This information is also critical evidence that can be used to inform public debate.The evidence is Australian palliative care is effective for almost everyone who receives it. But the problem is that many thousands of people die each year without access to the specialist palliative care they need. As a country, we need to do better.
A busy road is closed in both directions after a serious accident.
The crash happened shortly after noon today on Clevedon Road and is affecting traffic travelling between Clevedon and Nailsea.
The road is closed between Moor Lane and the B3128 Tickenham Hill.
Emergency services are at the scene and drivers are urged to avoid the area and find alternative routes.
We will bring you more information on this as we get it.
MONTREAL – Congratulations to Kansas City Chiefs lineman Laurent Duvernay-Tardif. Make that Doctor Duvernay-Tardif.
The Chiefs offensive lineman graduated from medical school on Tuesday, becoming the first active NFL player to hold a medical degree.
The 6-foot-5, 321-lb. Canadian tweeted a photo of his white lab coat emblazoned with “Dr Duvernay-Tardif” and his number 76 on the back.
This is it! Today I become a doctor! It also marks the beginning of a great new adventure for all 2018 graduates of @mcgillu Faculty of Medicine. #LDTMD #graduation #passion #nfl #chiefs pic.twitter.com/j4oD1BCuXJ — Laurent D. Tardif (@LaurentDTardif) May 29, 2018
Duvernay-Tardif, 27, graduated from the Faculty of Medicine at McGill University, in Montreal. He was selected by the Chiefs in the sixth round of the 2014 NFL Draft, while he was in his third year of medical school.
He spent the next years working hard on the football field and returning to Canada during the off-season to continue medical school.
“So tonight right after graduation, I'm going back to Kansas City. Training camp is starting again tomorrow morning and then the season is right around the corner,” Dr. Duvernay-Tardif told NFL Canada.
“In terms of medicine, I think I want to give myself a year to think about, how am I going to be able to manage residency? Because it's hard to do part-time residency with an NFL career at the same time. But really, I think I want to also enjoy the moment right now and really focus 100 percent on football right now because we know the Chiefs 2018 season is gonna be big.”
Duvernay-Tardif signed a 5-year, $41 million deal with the Chiefs in 2017.
And when his NFL career eventually comes to an end, he'll have a pretty safe fall-back career.
Madurai: A major fire broke out inside the premises of famous Meenakshi temple here in which atleast 40 shops were gutted, police said.
However no one was injured, they said.
Temple authorities ruled out any sabotage and said electrical short circuit in one of the shops selling pooja articles caused the fire late last night.
The blaze did not cause any damage to the sculptures inside the temple though many of it was covered in soot, police said.
Fortunately all the sculptures in the 1000-pillared hall were saved by the timely intervention of the temple officials, workers and the fire and rescue service personnel.
A team of fire extinguishers battled past mid night to put out the fire and bring the situation under control.
Poojas would be held as per schedule, and cleaning up of the eastern side of the temple would be done in three days, officials said.
Various organisations including Hindu Baktha Jana Sabha, VHP and Hindu Munnani had been demanding to vacate the shops from the temple premises and keep the premises clean.
Meanwhile, devotees were allowed to offer worship in the temple this morning.
District Collector Veera Raghava Rao, who was at the temple told reporters that there was no need for panic, and devotees could offer worship as usual.
About 300 police personnel have been deployed in and around the temple for security.
CHARLOTTETOWN — Brett Budgell scored 1:14 into overtime as the Charlottetown Islanders edged the Blainville-Boisbriand Armada 3-2 on Tuesday in Quebec Major Junior Hockey League playoff action.
Sullivan Sparkes and Derek Gentile also scored for the Islanders, who still trail the third-round matchup 2-1.
Remy Anglehart and Drake Batherson replied for the Armada, who took the first two games of the series on home ice.
Matthew Welsh turned away 37 shots for Charlottetown as Emile Samson made 27 saves for Blainville-Boisbriand.
© Jonathan Ernst / Reuters
Trump is likely to tell NATO members the US will cease to be the bloc's "piggy bank," focusing instead on problems at home, the White House said. The remark may add to jitters among US allies about the upcoming summit in Brussels.US President Donald Trump is poised to deliver his vision on burden-sharing among military allies at Brussels NATO summit in July, Hogan Gidley, the White House's Deputy Press Secretary, told reporters on board Air Force one. "What the president is going to do is go into these meetings with the mindset to protect the American people," he commented."But as he said many times before, America is thought, so often, to be the world's piggy bank, and that's got to stop," Gidley said. "We have problems here we have to fix at home, and that's what the president is focused on. And he'll convey those messages, I'm sure, and sentiments to those other leaders.", but said the president has shown "some frustration there on the financial burden that the United States unfairly is forced to bear," adding, "he wants changes."There are signs indicating NATO defense spending is likely to become a top theme in Brussels. Earlier in July, Trump reportedly sent a series of letters to some European leaders, demanding that they strive to devote 2 percent of their GDP to defense.In the letter to Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg, dated June 19, Trump lamented that Norway remains "the only NATO ally sharing a border with Russia that lacks a credible plan to spend 2 percent of its gross domestic product on defense," as cited by Washington Post . He proceeded with the same stance in a similar letter to Belgium, reportedly saying it will "become increasingly difficult to justify to American citizens why some countries continue to fail to meet our shared collective security commitments."In a separate letter to German Chancellor Angela Merkel - quoted by the New York Times - Trump claimed the US "continues to devote more resources to the defense of Europe when the Continent's economy, including Germany's, are doing well and security challenges abound.", where Trump notoriously confronted six fellow allies on pressing multilateral issues. During the summit, the American president had also compared the alliance to his favorite 'punching bag,' free-trade deals, at a highly contentious G7 summit two months ago, according to a report by Axios . Trump slapped those countries on their steel and aluminum, prompting them to fire back with tariffs on distinctive US exports from clothing and spirits to Harley-Davidson motorcycles.US is also at odd with its major NATO ally, Turkey, over the purchase of Russian S400 missile systems, which saw a war of words between Washington and Ankara.
With the US Open looming large on the horizon, it's another huge week on the PGA Tour, with the Memorial Tournament - hosted by none other than 18-time major-winner Jack Nicklaus - taking place at Muirfield Village in Ohio.
Eight of the world's top ten - eight! - will be taking part, making it one of the strongest fields of the year so far.
Here's our lowdown of the players you should be keeping an eye on...
BY KASEY SPRINGSTEEN
PRNews, an organization that focuses on honing and growing public relations and marketing professionals' skills in social media, recently honored two Drake Public Relations students with awards for their work making an impact in the communications field. Maddy Gildersleeve and Sarah Mondello were recognized for their hard work in December.
Gildersleeve, a senior marketing and public relations student, was honored as Public Relations Student of the Year for her work in a variety of internships, including as a brand marketing intern for Johnson Consulting Services her first year, a marketing communications intern for Hayes Corporation her sophomore year, a digital marketing intern for Better Homes and Gardens, a social media and marketing intern for Power Life Yoga her junior year, an account management intern at FCB Chicago and most recently, a marketing and communications intern at Bankers Trust.
Gildersleeve is also an involved Drake Student, having served as president of her social sorority, founded the campus Panhellenic Philanthropy, working with Everybody Wins! Iowa, a reading mentorship program that pairs mentors and elementary students together, and working on the Public Relations Student Society of America (PRSSA) and the American Marketing Association chapters on campus.
In her work, Gildersleeve said she “expects nothing but the absolute best.”
“I have learned how to bring out the best in people,” Gildersleeve said. “It really is about collaboration.”
She said her whole Drake experience has been a large contributor to her success, but especially in her recent capstone class where she is working on a real business proposal for Creative Visions.
Gildersleeve recently accepted a full-time position as a corporate management trainee at Kraft-Heinz in Chicago.
Sarah Mondello, a senior public relations and writing double major, received Honorable Mention as Public Relations Intern of the Year. This is attributed to her work for Drake Community Press.
For the past two years, she has been working with professionals every step of the way to publish and promote “A Spectrum of Faith: Religions of the World in America's Heartland,” the most recent publication of Drake Community Press. She has also worked as an intern for the Susan G. Komen Foundation and as an intern for Kaye Publicity, a book publicity firm.
On campus, she has been involved as a writing tutor, a writer and designer for DUiN Magazine, an editor for Periphery Art and Literary Journal and serving as a member of the executive board for PRSSA and Sigma Tau Delta, an English Honor Society.
During her first year at Drake, Mondello published a novel with Kellan Publishing titled “The Kiss of Death” under her pen name, Sarah Natale. She seeks to set herself apart from other professionals and students with ambition.
“Most people wait for the right time, but the right time will never come,” she said. “You need hard work and ambition.”
She said it is important to put yourself out there, even if it is scary to do so.
Palziv North America, an internationally recognized manufacturer of polyethylene foams, plans to invest nearly $5.2 million and add 40 jobs as part of an expansion to its manufacturing center, 31.4 miles north of Raleigh, in Louisburg, North Carolina.
A wholly-owned subsidiary of Israeli-based Palziv Ltd., Palziv North America manufactures cross-linked, closed-cell polyethylene foams. The company supplies its foam solutions in rolls, blocks or semi-processed customized products, tailored to specific customer needs.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) – Indiana lawmakers set a Friday deadline to reach an agreement on the state's next two-year budget and raising taxes to pay for improvements to the state's crumbling infrastructure.
But with just days left in this year's legislative session, the House and the Senate still appear far apart on some key tax provisions. That's put some other pieces of Republican Gov. Eric Holcomb's agenda in limbo.
Holcomb, the House, and the Senate still need to find agreement not just on how much, but also how to raise taxes.
House Republicans want to raise cigarette taxes, as well as gas taxes and vehicle related fees. But Holcomb and Senate Republicans oppose raising cigarette taxes.
The infrastructure plan is the top priority for the Republican majority.
Neymar better and faster every day - Danilo
Danilo is confident Neymar will be close to peak form by the time Brazil kick-off their World Cup campaign against Switzerland next month.
Omnisport NEWS News 31 May 2018, 02:38 IST 124 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Neymar and Danilo in training for Brazil
Brazil right-back Danilo knows Neymar's fitness is improving with the World Cup approaching – because he is starting to give him the runaround in training.
All eyes are on Paris Saint-Germain superstar Neymar as he steps up preparations for Russia 2018 alongside his international colleagues, despite being ruled out of domestic action with a broken metatarsal since the end of February.
Tite's men kick off their World Cup bid against Switzerland in Rostov on June 17 but Neymar's first target for match practice is Sunday's friendly with Croatia at Anfield.
According to Manchester City's Danilo, everything is on track.
"I've been talking a lot with him because, in these 10 days, I always got to confront him in the training sessions," he told a news conference.
"So, every day we talk because I always go and challenge him and each day he is better, faster and it is more and more difficult to block him.
"We hope he can arrive at the World Cup, if not at 100 per cent then something very close to it, because for us this is very important."
Passes, dribles e jogo na bola! Danilo foi campeão inglês pelo @ManCity e mostrou precisão nas estatísticas 🇧🇷 #GigantesPorNatureza pic.twitter.com/4zsqjNM5ot — CBF Futebol (@CBF_Futebol) May 30, 2018
Danilo is chasing a starting berth with the Selecao after PSG veteran Dani Alves was ruled out of the World Cup with knee ligament damage.
"First of all, Dani Alves' injury left us all sad because what he can give to this squad is unrivalled," said the former Real Madrid defender.
"What he gave to this group over all these years is his fighting spirit, his leadership and his style of playing. No doubt, that's a big loss.
"But [Corinthians full-back] Fagner and I have been working hard to do our best to contribute to Brazil also and we are focusing on this.
"Dani, for sure, is an experienced man with a strong mindset. He'll get over this and we'll try to do our best."
Master of Illusion's Farrell Dillon shared one of his favorite magic tricks with us. (WLS)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amber Rose has been showing off the results of her boob reduction after going down from an H cup to a D cup.
The former stripper posed for an impromptu shoot on Friday where she was showing off her new bust - and a fierce new blue hairstyle.
The mum-of-one shared four photos with her 16million followers and each one was more explicit than the last.
In the first post the bombshell is showing off a hint of tummy in her white cropped T-shirt and plaid trousers as she poses against a fence.
The second sees her seductively licking her middle finger, while the third X-rated snap shows her with her hand stuck down her trousers.
(Image: Instagram/amberrose)
But the last shot didn't appear to go down well with her fans, with some calling it "tasteless", while another sarcastically branded her "Mum of the Year".
However, others were more focused on her recent reduction, with another sharing: "Much better I love it .... wanna reduce mine too."
And: "Beautiful and more proportional to your curves, styling it girl! Love your new look."
"Your smaller boobs look awesome what a difference!" added another fan.
(Image: Instagram/amberrose)
Amber first showed off the results earlier this week via an Instagram story.
“I don't know if you guys know, but I was a 36H," she told her fans.
“I was really, really big and I think now I might be a D cup, which is like, really small for me.”
Dressed in a robe, she opened it to show her smaller cleavage.
(Image: Instagram/amberrose)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
“Look how much smaller they are. So I really went down a lot.”
She also told fans she's been online shopping for a whole new wardrobe, including tops with spaghetti straps, because she couldn't wear them before with her bigger bust.
She told her followers she's “been online shopping and getting cute little shirts and little strapless little things and I'm just so excited.”
Bridging The Familiar And Unfamiliar Around The World, In 'Rough Translation'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Cornelia Li for NPR Cornelia Li for NPR
Two days before my first trip to Afghanistan, in 2007, I was terrified, speaking no Dari and having never interviewed anyone in a war zone. On impulse, I grabbed my little red travel accordion, mumbling something about using the "universal language of music" to connect with people whose world seemed wholly different from my own.
A week later, in Kabul, when I finally got up the courage to play, my interpreter (and later dear friend) Najib Sharifi turned to me in wonder: How did I know Afghan music? he asked.
YouTube
I demurred. "These are just some old songs my mom used to sing," I told him.
Najib responded by belting out strange Dari lyrics to familiar melodies. That launched my journey to understand the legend of the "Afghan Elvis," a journey that would end with me on stage in Mazar-i-Sharif squeezing out a rough rendition of Johnny Cash. (Long story.)
Later, though, I would understand a deeper lesson: While we rarely find a "universal language," we can, if we're lucky, stumble on bridges between one national experience and another. In these rough translations across culture and geography, we get a new perspective on things we thought were all too familiar.
Rough Translation is a new international podcast from NPR.
Each episode, we go to a different country to drop in on a story or conversation that reflects back on something we're talking about in the United States. These are familiar conversations in unfamiliar territories: A Syrian refugee hires a flirt coach to decode the culture of romantic love in Berlin. A team of Ukrainian journalists tries to invent a "vaccine" against fake news from Russia. A baby is born and the adults around him must share tears through Google Translate.
NPR's international correspondents don't just report what's happening in a place. We try to translate what that news means locally. In Afghanistan, a tear shed by a president during a political speech may have seemed to me like an unremarkable moment of political theater, but sent shock waves across the country. Meanwhile, the things that shock me may leave locals underwhelmed.
In Brazil, a national mandate to give more jobs to Black people has led to commissions of judges who look at you and decide if your skin is dark enough — your hair curly enough — to qualify. And this is a system set up to make Brazil less racist! Spending time with Brazilians, though, I learned that this is shocking for an entirely different reason than I would have expected. (Click here to listen to the first episode.)
We know that people often frame their stories differently for curious foreigners than they do when telling that same story to neighbors. Most of us at one point have probably been either the curious foreigner or the local storyteller. It's one of the wonderful and frustrating things about being a correspondent overseas. You might be squeezed into a woman's kitchen, hearing a traumatic tale that her neighbors would shame her for sharing, but that she feels relieved and grateful to confide in you.
Those are awesome moments shared with a stranger. But at other times, your foreignness cuts the other way. You can hear the story being curated to what they think you want to hear. You watch your own assumptions clouding the picture. For good or ill, your outsider-ness is part of the story. Usually, it's the part of the story that's hardest to tell.
But on Rough Translation, we're going to try. Because that's why we travel, right? It's about having that experience abroad that makes you see home in a different way, challenges your assumptions about the world and leaves a bit of your old self behind. (Speaking of which, my little red accordion is still in Kabul. I hope to retrieve it one day.)
South Africa booked their place in the semifinals of the 2017 COSAFA Under-20 Championships with a hard-fought 2-1 victory over Egypt in Kitwe on Monday that showed the fighting spirit of coach Thabo Senong's side.
Amajita, aiming for a sixth regional title having finished runners-up to Zambia last season, top their Group B with three wins from three and will now play the best runner-up in the knockout stages.
Their opponents will only be determined on Tuesday, but could well be the Egyptians again, along with one of Lesotho, Zimbabwe or Namibia from Group C.
Senong's side were forced to come from behind for the win over the Young Pharaohs, who took the lead through Mohamed Karem on 18 minutes.
The Amajita defence stood static as the ball was allowed to bounce in the penalty-box and Karem reacted quickest to fire the ball past goalkeeper Khulekani Kubheka.
South Africa saw most of the ball in the first half after that, and almost grabbed an equaliser when Thabani Zuke's pile-driver from 35-yards drew an excellent save from Egyptian keeper Mohamed Sobhy.
Amajita were level 10 minutes after the break though as Nkosingiphile Ngcobo's deflected shot left Sobhy wrong-footed and he could only watch agonisingly as the ball trickled over the line.
And the South Africans grabbed the lead with 18 minutes remaining when Lyle Foster played an excellent through-ball for the pacey Luvuyo Mkatshana, and he slid the ball into the back of the net for his second goal of the competition.
There were plenty of nervy moments after that as the South Africans scrambled in defence and Kubheka had to be steady under heavy pressure, but they gutsed it out to hold on for the win.
East African guest nation Uganda also qualified for the semifinals as they topped Group A following a 1-1 draw with Malawi.
They will play the top side in Group C, which will be decided on Tuesday.
