Get the Better newsletter.
We all have a general sense of what the best diet choices are (even if we're guilty of not always making them).
Water over soda. Vegetables over chips. Lean protein over red meat.
But in our hectic day-to-day lives it's inevitable that we run into some situations where it's not quite so black and white. While there may not be the best decision at our disposal, equipped with the right knowledge, we can make a slightly better one until we can get back on track.
For those situations where there is a bit of grey area, we tapped Madelyn Fernstrom, Ph.D., CNS, health and nutrition editor for NBC News and the Today show, to school us on what the better decision actually is. It's time to put your knowledge to the test. How well can you navigate these common nutritional dilemmas?
You're running late for work: Is grabbing a donut at the morning meeting better or worse than eating nothing at all?
Answer: Better
Why: “This may be a surprise. Some people would think having nothing is better, but try not to skip breakfast,” says Fernstrom. “The problem with skipping food in the morning is it usually makes you over-hungry for lunch and you overeat. The best approach is to eat a modest meal (around 200 calories) within 3 hours of waking up.” Plus, you've been fasting overnight, so if you're running on an empty stomach your energy levels may be low, she adds. A donut weighs in at about around 300 calories. Yes, it has sugar. But it has sugar and fat, which Fernstrom says allows the sugar to be absorbed more slowly. “And a donut is not the worst thing to choose: You might be surprised to know that a donut has fewer calories and less sugar than a low-fat blueberry muffin,” says Fernstrom, adding that if you do grab a donut or a muffin, wash it down with a latte for added protein.
One caveat: If you're not hungry, don't force yourself to eat. “For healthy people, our bodies are really great at keeping blood-sugar levels stable. Skipping breakfast generally won't impact blood sugar for most people — we are metabolically built to sustain variations in food intake,” says Fernstrom. So, if you aren't hungry don't grab any food in front of you just to have it. “It's better to wait and eat when you're hungry. Be mindful and see how you feel, that's the best guide of all” she adds.
You're making an omelet: Is using whole eggs better or worse than using egg whites?
Answer: Better
Why: “It's better to use that whole egg. It's not bad to use the white, but here's the news flash: for health, eggs are back. It used to be ‘eggs are bad, they have a lot of cholesterol and will raise your blood cholesterol' and that turns out not to be exactly true," says Fernstrom. "The yolk is filled with a lot of nutrients including vitamin D and protein, it does have a little saturated fat and cholesterol, but it's not the bad food that we've been taught for so many years. So enjoy a couple of whole eggs.” If you don't like whole eggs or don't tolerate them well, opting for just the whites is fine, she adds, but if you're a fan of the yolk there's no need to toss them out!
Is grabbing a green juice a better or worse breakfast than an Egg McMuffin?
Answer: Worse
Why: “Green juice is good to have as part of a breakfast, but having the egg sandwich is going to be better. The best thing about an Egg McMuffin is its size — small!” says Fernstrom. “Eggs are a great source of protein and often you can get a whole-wheat English muffin and choose Canadian bacon (the leanest breakfast meat) and maybe a slice of cheese for a little calcium. It will be satisfying and allow you to grab and go.” Green juice can be a smart choice as part of breakfast: “You want to add a little protein or something with a little substance,” says Fernstrom. The bottle we picked up had 38 grams of sugar, which while yes, is coming from natural sources, is also almost an entire days' worth of recommended sugar intake in one bottle, Fernstrom says. The guidelines suggest keeping sugar intake at about 10 teaspoons or 40 grams a day. “Skip the fruit juice: it strips away the fiber from the fruit,” she says. “Always look for whole pureed fruits and vegetables for the fiber.”
But hanging over all the efforts is Mr. Trump's heated language, which undercuts Mr. Tillerson's diplomacy on Venezuela and much of the United States agenda.
“This is a way for Tillerson to say, ‘We're elevating our voice,'” said Rafael Fernández de Castro, the director of the Center for U.S.-Mexican Studies at the University of California San Diego. “I don't think they are in a position to elevate their voice.”
“This is the ‘bad Uncle Sam' of the past,” he said, referring to Trump administration policies. “The horrendous insults to Mexicans, to every single Latin American immigrant, are there. They cannot have it both ways.”
In Mexico, other policies have been subordinated to maintaining Nafta, which is being renegotiated in a process that seems likely to stretch into the summer.
But Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray has found himself in a difficult position, trying to placate the Americans to save Nafta but facing pressure at home to respond sharply to Mr. Trump's positions, including his demand to build a wall along the two countries' border.
“We didn't talk about the wall,” Mr. Videgaray said curtly on Friday. “It is not a bilateral issue.”
Despite Mr. Trump's claims that Mexico is sending drugs and criminal immigrants to the United States, Mexico has continued a close security relationship with Washington. That could change, said Raúl Benítez, a security expert at the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“For the government of Mexico, it is getting more difficult to cooperate with the United States” as public hostility to the Trump administration rises, he said, especially with Mexico's presidential election approaching in July.
While much of Latin America shares the Trump administration's concern over the escalating humanitarian and political crisis in Venezuela, few governments would want to be seen as acting at Washington's initiative.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“The United States has mostly lost its opportunity to be the big influencer in Venezuela,” said Jorge Guajardo, a former Mexican diplomat now based in Washington. “They never came up with a unified solution. I'm not sure what the United States brings to the equation.”
Washington has placed sanctions on more than 50 top Venezuelan officials, and Canada and the European Union have followed.
But Mr. Maduro shrugged off the international pressure last month, when the Constituent Assembly under his control pushed forward the date of the presidential election to April. With the most popular candidates either jailed, barred from running or in exile, there is little time for the opposition to organize around a new candidate to challenge Mr. Maduro.
Mr. Guajardo said that the United States had also lost credibility on another issue that Mr. Tillerson hopes to highlight: anti-corruption efforts around the hemisphere. That will be the main theme of the Summit of the Americas in Peru in April.
“He doesn't realize how out of tune that sounds these days,” Mr. Guajardo said, pointing to the potential conflicts of interest raised by Mr. Trump's business activities and those of his son-in-law and adviser, Jared Kushner.
Mr. Tillerson has taken pains to sound a conciliatory note on drugs, acknowledging, as have his predecessors, that the United States shares responsibility in the drug trade as a source of demand.
But he will raise the issue of increased coca cultivation in Colombia when he meets with President Juan Manuel Santos, a complaint that may prove to be an irritant among Colombians.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As Mr. Tillerson travels throughout the region, his statements will be scrutinized at every stop, with the local press quick to point out slights. Already Latin Americans seized on his comments on Thursday about the 1823 Monroe Doctrine which asserted that the United States would not tolerate European intervention in the Americas.
But in Latin America, the doctrine has long been viewed as a pretext for American armed intervention in the region. Mr. Tillerson said that the doctrine “has been a success” because “what binds us together in this hemisphere are shared democratic values.”
He also seemed to suggest on Thursday that the Venezuelan military might choose to mount a coup against Mr. Maduro, scratching a barely-healed wound in a region with a long history of military dictatorships.
In the past, “when things are so bad that the military leadership realizes that they just — they can't serve the citizens anymore, they will manage a peaceful transition,” Mr. Tillerson said. “Whether that will be the case here or not, I don't know.”
On Friday, Mr. Tillerson stepped back from that suggestion. “What we would like to see happen there is a peaceful transition,” he said.
The memo released by the House Intelligence Committee on Friday confirms that the Obama Justice Department and the FBI used an unverified, partisan political screed to obtain a court warrant to spy on the presidential campaign of the opposition party.
The Steele dossier was a compilation of purported intelligence reports authored by former British spy Christopher Steele. Based on anonymous Russian sources peddling fourth-hand hearsay accounts, it alleged a corrupt Trump-Russia conspiracy. It has long been known that the dossier was salacious and unverified, as former FBI director James Comey described it in Senate testimony last June.
The committee's memo makes clear that, in issuing the FISA warrant authorizing eavesdropping on Trump adviser Carter Page's telephone, text and e-mail communications, a secret federal court relied heavily on the dossier's allegations. To justify a FISA warrant, the law requires the Justice Department and the FBI to show probable cause that the target is acting as an agent of a foreign power, in this case Russia; and that the target's clandestine activities on behalf of that foreign power violate federal criminal law.
The memo explains that former deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe told the committee that without the dossier, the government would not have been able to make that showing.
According to the memo, the court was not told that the dossier was an opposition-research project funded by the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee. Nor was the court informed that Steele told a top Justice Department official he “was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president.”
And, despite the fact that the original warrant, issued Oct. 21, 2016, was reauthorized three times, the court was never told the FBI's efforts to verify the document's sensational allegations were unsuccessful.
see also Comey underwhelmed by GOP memo: 'That's it?' Fired FBI Director James Comey was underwhelmed by the accusations...
Indeed, the memo indicates that the government went to unintentionally absurd lengths to portray the dossier's claims as corroborated. In one application, the Obama administration argued the allegations were credible because they appeared independently in a Yahoo News report by Michael Isikoff. Unbeknownst to the FBI, however, Isikoff's source was actually Steele. In effect, the dossier was offered as corroboration of itself.
The FBI was unaware Steele was telling the media the same information he was giving the government because he allegedly lied about his communications with reporters. This finally came to light when Steele gave an interview to left-leaning Mother Jones in which he exposed his status as an FBI informant, prompting the bureau to terminate their relationship.
Last month, two senior Republican senators on the Judiciary Committee sent a criminal referral to the Justice Department, seeking a felony investigation of Steele for making false statements to the FBI. Yet, there is no indication any of Steele's credibility problems were shared with the FISA court judge who was relying on his information.
The spinning about the memo before and after its publication has been unhelpful. Critics have dismissed it as an effort to malign the FBI and discredit the Mueller investigation. This is wrong. Because so much of the government's national-security power is exercised in secrecy, it is critical that Congress fulfills its constitutional role of careful oversight — certainly Democrats thought so throughout the 2000s, when they routinely ripped the bureau's exercise of Patriot Act and surveillance powers.
Moreover, Mueller's principal mission is to get to the bottom of Russia's interference with the 2016 election, not to make a criminal case on the farfetched suspicion of Trump campaign collusion in the Kremlin's anti-American espionage.
Neither, however, has the public been well-served by comparisons of the FISA abuse to Watergate. That scandal was the greatest crisis of the regime in modern American history and involved systematic abuses of government investigative and intelligence agencies.
What the Intelligence Committee memo reveals is not trivial. These are significant derelictions, and they heighten concerns about the degree to which the FBI and Justice Department were enmeshed in the politics of the 2016 election. But before we can draw final conclusions, much more must be known about what other information was presented to the FISA court, and whether valuable intelligence was gleaned in the months of Page's surveillance.
The memo is a good start. More disclosure, though, is needed.
Twitter: @AndrewCMcCarthy
Not everyone can get away for a basketball tournament where their favorite team is playing. For example, the Oklahoma State University Alumni Association OKC Chapter has members who can't get away for the OSU basketball game Saturday against Florida State University in the Orange Bowl Classic in Florida.
So, the stay-at-homers have planned a full day together right here in Oklahoma City. They're calling it an Ice Skate and Tailgate Day.
The group will ice skate at 11 a.m. Saturday at the Devon Ice Rink. At 1 p.m., they will gather to tailgate at the Renaissance Hotel.
OSU Alumni Association members will receive discounted tickets to this event.
Of course, if some aren't interested in basketball, they can ice skate until 11 p.m.
Christmas in Guthrie
Guthrie's Territorial Christmas brightens this historic city every year and it really makes the town look like it did in the early years. Come to the Victorian Walk on Saturday from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. to see living window displays and hear live music.
From 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., many of the beautiful homes are open for tours. Pick up $15 tickets at the Frontier Drugstore Museum, 214 W. Oklahoma Ave., beginning at 9 a.m.
Spectacular settings
Spectacular is the only way to describe the decor of Oklahoma City Golf and Country Club for the annual members' Christmas party. Maybe there's another word to describe the decor but I don't know what it is.
As members walked into the club, they stopped and gasped. The wall was not there. They saw a red-carpeted, golden staircase that curved from ceiling to floor and looked so real one wanted to step up.
Then the members entered the ballroom and found that they were in a forest of pine trees in a snowstorm, a covering for the walls of the entire ballroom.
Don't know who designed this entire setting for the main floor of the club, but it was certainly elegant.
Holiday fun downtown
There's snow tubing at Chickasaw Bricktown Ballpark. The kids will love it.
Take a free trip down the Bricktown Canal to see the colorful decorations – or just walk down the path and do close-up enjoyment
The skating rink in the Myriad Botanical Gardens is open daily and if you go there, stroll around to see other activities in the gardens.
A brief phone call that happened 35 years ago took center stage Tuesday at a hearing in the Robert Durst murder case.
The call was thought to be the last time that anyone heard from Durst's wife Kathie before she vanished, although prosecutors are now raising the possibility that it wasn't her on the other end of the line.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed JAN. 20, 2016: Is accused murderer Robert Durst crazy, or crazy like a fox? 1:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Prosecutors allege that Durst, the millionaire real-estate scion and subject of the HBO series "The Jinx," killed Kathie and then nearly 20 years later murdered his friend Susan Berman because she knew too much about the slaying.
Durst, 73, is charged only with Berman's slaying — and prosecutors wanted to get testimony from three witnesses who they say are in fear of Durst.
The first was Dr. Albert Kuperman, a former dean of a New York medical school where Kathie Durst was a student at the time of her disappearance.
He testified that a woman who identified herself as Kathleen Durst called him on Feb. 1, 1982, to say she was sick with "gastrointestinal distress" and would not be in.
The prosecution and the defense sparred over how to describe the caller, with Deputy District Attorney John Lewin suggesting it might not have been Kathie Durst on the line and Robert Durst's lawyer getting Kuperman to say he had believed for 35 years that it was Kathie.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed JUNE 2015: Defending Robert Durst 3:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Who made the call is significant because it could bolster or undermine Robert Durst's timeline for when and where he last saw his wife. In addition to establishing a timeline, prosecutors want to leave open the possibility that the call came from someone else impersonating her.
During the daylong hearing, the two sides also fought over how to refer to "The Jinx," with prosecutors calling it a documentary and Durst lawyer Dick DeGuerin saying it's just a "movie."
The show examined Durst's inks to the 1982 disappearance of Kathie, the 2000 murder of Berman and the 2001 killing and dismemberment of Durst's Texas neighbor Morris Black. Durst was found not guilty in Black's death.
"The Jinx" ended with Durst's bombshell statement on a hot mic that he "killed them all."
One of the witnesses scheduled to testify at the three-day pretrial hearing has not yet been named. DeGuerin said there's some indication that witness is working on a book, "which would be rather sensational."
US soldiers training for mountain warfare hit by avalanche A mountain warfare training exercise almost turned deadly for six US soldiers on Wednesday who got caught in an avalanche on one of Vermont's tallest peaks. Rescue crews worked for...
Gunman in California vet center shooting was ex-Army rifleman The three women had tried to heal him. But two weeks after he was kicked out of a residential PTSD program in the heart of Napa Valley, decorated former Army...
Army pledges reform after report finds hundreds of war dogs mishandled The U.S. Army on Monday pledged change after the Pentagon's inspector general found the military branch mishandled hundreds of war dogs after they retired from service. The Army told Reuters...
Army recruiter allegedly sent teen nude photo after meeting at school bake sale An Army recruiter allegedly sent a nude photo to a 16-year-old girl after meeting her at a high school in Texas, telling her on Snapchat, “I'm no angel.” Adam Matthew...
Fitting honors for cadets killed in the Florida shooting It doesn't get more fitting: The US Army has posthumously awarded the Medal of Heroism to three JROTC cadets who died defending their classmates at Marjory Stoneman Douglas HS. The...
Fort Bragg soldier charged with kidnapping, raping teen A soldier stationed at Fort Bragg was charged in the kidnapping and rape of a 16-year-old girl in Texas, authorities announced Tuesday. Harris County Sheriffs told reporters during an afternoon...
Soldier accused of supporting ISIS was obsessed with terrorism videos: documents HONOLULU — A Hawaii-based Army soldier was obsessed with videos depicting terrorism beheadings, suicide bombings and other violence and he watched them in his bedroom for hours every day, a...
Army vet with scalpel left in body after surgery sues VA NEW HAVEN, Conn. — An Army veteran who says someone left a scalpel inside him after surgery is suing a veterans affairs hospital. Bridgeport resident Glenford Turner says the scalpel...
Hero dog honored 75 years after saving lives of US soldiers He was a very good boy. A hero US Army dog who ran nose-first into a machine gun fire in World War II and took out a shooter by the...
FAR HILLS, N.J. — Two-time champion Karrie Webb has received a special exemption to the U.S. Women's Open at Shoal Creek in Alabama.
Webb won consecutive U.S. Women's Open titles by a combined 13 shots when she was at the top of her game. She beat Cristie Kerr and Meg Mallon by five shots at The Merit Club outside Chicago in 2000 and Se Ri Pak by eight shots at Pine Needles in North Carolina a year later.
The U.S. Women's Open at Shoal Creek starts May 31.
Webb received a 10-year exemption for her 2001 victory, and she has remained exempt through other categories every year since then.
The Australian is the first player to receive a special exemption to the Women's Open since Pak in 2016 at CordeValle.
The mayor who tattooed his zipcode
Mayor John Fetterman's tattoo shows his commitment to a town that is bouncing back. Now he is running for higher office.
LONDON: Tottenham Hotspur must replicate the form they displayed to outclass Manchester United in midweek if they are to get past an in-form Liverpool at Anfield in the Premier League on Sunday, Harry Kane said.Tottenham produced a dominant display to beat United 2-0 at Wembley on Wednesday, Christian Eriksen scoring after just 11 seconds before United defender Phil Jones turned Kieran Trippier's cross into his own net on the hour mark.Kane said the fifth-placed London club cannot let their guard down against Liverpool after suffering a 2-0 defeat in the corresponding fixture last season.“We have got to put in the same performance as we did against United,” Tottenham's top scorer said.“Liverpool are a strong team, especially at home when they are on the attack. They have some fast players and last season we didn't cope with that very well.“We were poor throughout the whole team, but we can take confidence from the United game. This is the kind of performance we need to produce against the big teams both at home and away.”Tottenham beat Jurgen Klopp's side 4-1 when the two teams met earlier this season, but third-placed Liverpool are a tougher prospect at home, where they are unbeaten in 14 league matches.“We played well against Liverpool at Wembley so we have to go to Anfield full of confidence,” Kane said.Midfielder Lucas Moura, Tottenham's new signing from French club Paris St. Germain, watched on as the London club beat United and Kane said he was looking forward to seeing what the Brazilian brings to the table.“Hopefully he can fit right in and when he gets an opportunity, he takes it,” Kane said.“There is no rush and it will keep everyone on their toes. He's done some amazing stuff for PSG so we are excited to see what can happen.”
Hibs won 3-2 on their last visit to Ibrox in August
BBC coverage
How to follow: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland (FM) & the BBC Sport website
Rangers are still without Bruno Alves, Graham Dorrans, Ryan Jack, Jordan Rossiter, Ross McCrorie, Kenny Miller and Lee Wallace against Hibernian.
Hibs have added goalkeeper Cammy Bell and Celtic midfielder Scott Allan to their squad, the latter on loan.
Paul Hanlon, Darren McGregor and Vykintas Slivka have knocks and will be assessed on Saturday morning.
Jamie Maclaren is likely to play some part off the bench but long-term absentees Ross Laidlaw, Steven Whittaker and David Gray remain out.
Scott Allan, who switched from a loan spell at Dundee to Easter Road this week, starts his second spell at Hibs, having previously played for the Leith outfit from 2014-15.
MATCH STATS
Rangers have won three and lost three of their past six league meetings with Hibernian.
Hibs have faced Rangers 15 times in all competitions since 2015 and have won eight of those encounters.
Neil Lennon's side have won more points from losing positions in the Scottish Premiership this season than any other team - 14.
Rangers have scored the most headed goals in the top flight this season (10), although just one of their past 10 goals has been a header.
PRE-MATCH VIEWS
Rangers boss Graeme Murty says it is a "massive positive" for him that the likes of Eduardo Herrera, Bruno Alves, Fabio Cardoso and Dalcio remain at Ibrox, despite offers for some players to move elsewhere.
"There was opportunity for people to go and play for other clubs and they chose to stay here," he said.
"As far as I'm concerned, that's a massive positive for me, because people want to be part of what we are trying to do.
"They are our players and I will utilise them if I see fit. They have to go out and bust themselves every day to prove that they're worthy of a spot in the team.
"We have healthy competition and a real good tempo and intensity around training. It gives me a bit of a headache but that's why I'm doing the job."
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon: "Scott [Allan] will give us a different dimension to our attacking play. We were looking for a creative, attacking type and we found him.
"It's now up to me to get the best out of him and for him to provide assists and score goals.
"He had a great time here on the pitch, it was probably the best spell of his career and we have to try and find that again for him.
"He's a bit of a nomad, he has had a lot of clubs in a short space of time and really needs to settle down, find a home and show what he can do.
"It will be a difficult game and Rangers have strengthened significantly. They got a good win over Aberdeen and followed that up at the weekend [by beating Ross County].
"No matter what time of season you go to Ibrox it's always a tough game, but we are in good form and are really pleased."
A device designed to catch drivers distracted by cellphones is one step closer to being approved in New York state, but it's facing backlash from privacy advocates who fear it's too intrusive.
With the "Textalyzer," police could get a roadside glimpse into whether drivers were texting, emailing, browsing social networks, or taking a selfie while behind the wheel.
New York's state legislature is one of several interested in allowing Textalyzers. On Wednesday, Gov. Andrew Cuomo directed the Governor's Traffic Safety Committee to study the technology and review any constitutional or legal issues associated with it.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed "Textalyzer" Device Allows Police to Determine if Drivers Were Texting and Driving 1:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"This review will examine the effectiveness of using this new emerging technology to crack down on this reckless behavior and thoroughly evaluate its implications to ensure we protect the safety and privacy of New Yorkers," Cuomo said in a statement.
Supporters of the technology say it will only reveal phone usage, not the content of what a motorist is doing, and say that police wouldn't be able to see personal pictures or read emails or texts. If the phone were password-protected, the owner would have to unlock it first.
The Textalyzer — a tablet-like device that police officers would plug into suspect drivers' phones — is expected to be ready in the coming months, but it has already raised some legal questions.
"The first concern is that it gives officers full discretion to decide who to use the Textalyzer against," said Rashida Richardson, legislative council for the New York Civil Liberties Union. "That allows for a lot of bias."
Then there are questions regarding officers accessing an individual's phone.
"We can't give the government the power to peer into everybody's digital lives indiscriminately, because that might create a bigger problem than the one we're trying to solve in the first place," said Neil Richards, a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis who's an expert in privacy and civil liberties. "The way to do it is if the police suspect a case of distracting driving, they go and they get a warrant and they compel the records from the service provider."
The "Textalyzer" device allows police to plug in and determine if a driver was using a cell phone to text while driving. Jeff Rossen shows how it works. NBC News
But that simply isn't enough, according to Ben Lieberman, a leading advocate of the Textalyzer. Lieberman's 19-year-old son Evan was killed by a distracted driver in 2011.
"Phone records only give you a small sliver of information, Lieberman said. "Anything internet-related doesn't show up on a phone record. Anything social media, taking selfies, Pokémon Go — any of these things that can be a problem won't show up on a phone record. That's like giving a Breathalyzer that just detects beer."
Only looking at phone records is “like giving a Breathalyzer that just detects beer.”
That isn't convincing enough for many legal experts, who refer to a 2014 Supreme Court case, Riley v. California, in which the high court declared that law enforcement must have a search warrant to open a phone confiscated during an arrest.
Cellebrite, the Israeli-based company that makes the Textalyzer, dismisses privacy worries.
"When we talk to the critics, we explain we're not getting anything about what was said in the text, or who it was sent to — just the touches and swipes," Jim Grady, CEO of Cellebrite USA, said.
While the Textalyzer isn't supposed to access photographs, some fear the officers still might.
"There's no guarantee when you hand your cellphone over to a police officer that that officer won't be looking at or copying all kinds of personal data about you," American Civil Liberties Union senior policy analyst Jay Stanley said.
Fourteen states have banned cellphones while driving and 46 states have banned text messaging while driving. In 2015, 3,477 people were killed and 391,000 were injured in motor vehicle crashes involving distracted drivers, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA).
Richardson, from the NYCLU, said there are other solutions.
She cited recent NHTSA guidelines, which encourage cellphone makers to develop a "driver mode" similar to airplane mode that would lock out certain apps or functions.
"We're not trying to deny that distracted driving is an issue," she said. "We just need something that will actually alter behavior rather than contributing to problems in the criminal justice system."
Video
Police footage shows ex-Nottingham Forest footballer Luke Thomas jumping out of a moving van to escape officers.
The 20-year-old crashed the vehicle in the St Ann's area of Nottingham last June, before climbing over a fence and throwing a loaded handgun into a family's garden.
DNA linked the van and gun to Thomas, and he was arrested a few weeks later.
On Tuesday, he pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and ammunition, as well as dangerous driving, and was jailed for five years.
Thomas, who represented Forest before a knee injury curtailed his career, admitted acting as a weapon "courier", but claimed he had not known the gun was loaded.
TAMPA — Joe Girardi understands the highs and lows of attempting to weave young players into a big league lineup.
However, entering his 10th year as the Yankees' manager, Girardi also has a strong understanding of what wearing pinstripes entails regardless of a player's age.
“The first goal is to win, we are here to win,'' Girardi said Tuesday at George M. Steinbrenner Field, where pitchers and catchers reported ahead of Wednesday's initial spring training workout. “That's why we are in spring training. That's why you go out and sign an Aroldis Chapman and a Matt Holliday because we are here to win.''
Girardi's declaration comes despite the reality the Yankees are not expected — at least externally — to be American League contenders. Baseball Prospectus is forecasting a third-place AL East finish and an 82-80 record. FanGraphs is similarly predicting a third-place campaign, along with an 83-79 ledger. Even Girardi's Tuesday press conference didn't draw its usual media crowd, with the contingent somewhere between 30 percent and 50 percent smaller than in recent preseasons.
The manager's confident comments aside, right fielder Aaron Judge and rotation candidate Luis Severino are large question marks. Expectations on Gary Sanchez will be far too high after the final two months of last season. First baseman Greg Bird missed all of last season due to right shoulder surgery, and Severino imploded as a starter.
Add in that there are two rotation spots open, Michael Pineda being counted on to be the second or third starter and Jacoby Ellsbury coming off a third straight disappointing season, and contending in the AL East, where the Red Sox are the favorite, could be very difficult.
In the middle of February, all 30 teams have hope the upcoming season will be a success. By late May and early June, reality will settle in for the likes of the Phillies, Brewers, Angels, Reds, A's, White Sox, Twins, Braves and Padres.
As expected, Girardi was brimming with the belief the young talent and blend of veterans will deliver and compared the 2017 model to the 1996 world-champion Yankees.
“This spring is going to be different from a few different perspectives. The competition that we have, usually when with the Yankees you don't have that much competition,'' said Girardi, who listed first base, right field, the rotation and several spots in the bullpen as competition areas. “We haven't been this young in a long time, maybe since 1996. But in that movement where there were a lot of young players and there was a lot of success. There were a lot of championships that followed. There was a great mixture of youth and veteran players and a significant impact. They came up as home-grown players and did wonderful things. I think it's going to be a very exciting year.''
It's a pretty safe bet none of this young bunch is going to have Derek Jeter's career. If Sanchez has Jorge Posada's career, he will make a lot of money and be a borderline Hall of Famer. Severino isn't going to be Andy Pettitte.
Yet the burden of carrying the Yankees to a playoff series for the first time since 2012 shouldn't fall completely on the young. If they are asked to do that, it will be another dark October in The Bronx.
Ellsbury hasn't looked like a $153 million player in the first three years with the Yankees and Chase Headley, who has two seasons and $26 million left on a four-year contract, experienced a miserable first two months in 2016. Brett Gardner is the longest-tenured Yankee. Veterans Holliday and Chris Carter are newcomers.
“I think it's important that the production is spread around. If Ells plays the way he is capable, if Gardy plays the way he is capable and Headley plays the way he is capable,'' Girardi said. “And even though they are younger players they have been in the big leagues long enough, the [Starlin] Castros, the Didis [Gregorius] they play the way they are capable of because a lot of times the focus becomes the young players when the veterans aren't doing their job. If the veterans do their job, it makes it easier on the young players.''
Not to mention the manager, who is in the final leg of a four-year contract as well.
Mona Lisa is based in part on Leonardo da Vinci's male lover, an Italian art detective claims. Silvano Vincenti, who has been analyzing da Vinci's world-renowned painting for years, believes...
Phaedra and Apollo finally reach divorce agreement While specifics aren't known, the couple will continue to co-parent despite their unusual circumstances.
Why Phaedra Parks is staying mum on messy divorce Parks split from Apollo Nida in October 2014 after five years of marriage.
Phaedra Parks' divorce to Apollo Nida put on hold by judge "Phaedra is reviewing her options with her attorney to determine the most efficient path toward ending this marriage," the star's rep said in a statement.
Phaedra Parks' ex-husband gets engaged from prison Parks and ex husband Apollo Nida finalized their divorce this fall. Nida is currently serving an eight-year prison sentence after pleading guilty to fraud charges.
Phaedra Parks finalizes divorce from criminal husband Parks' husband of five years, Apollo Nida, is currently serving an eight-year sentence on federal fraud charges.
Phaedra Parks won't allow kids to visit Apollo Nida in prison Nida also wants to sit down with Parks to discuss if they'll remain married or divorce.
'RHOA' star Phaedra Parks sells Georgia home The five-bedroom home was sold just one month after Parks' soon-to-be ex-husband began serving his eight-year prison term.
5 celeb pairs who can't wait to see 2015 With the new year comes the promise of a fresh start — free of the past year's drama of separation, divorce, financial catastrophes, health concerns and alleged sex changes.
Phaedra Parks talks to jailed Apollo 'all the time' Parks says she'd "love" to bring the couple's two sons to prison to see their father for the holidays.
Image copyright Google Image caption Paramedics treated the victim but he died at the scene
A murder inquiry has begun after a man was fatally stabbed in the street in west London.
The victim, believed to be in his 40s, was found with multiple knife wounds by emergency crews just after 22:20 BST on Wednesday.
Despite efforts by paramedics to save him, he died at the scene in Cathcart Road, Kensington, at about 23:00.
The Met Police said the victim's next of kin had been informed, although he has not been formally identified.
No arrests have been made in connection with the killing.
"Detectives from the Homicide and Major Crime Command are investigating," the Met said in a statement.
"A crime scene remains in place."
Witnesses or anyone with information about the murder have been urged to contact police.
The tiny cupcakes made by Baked by Melissa are getting their first sibling this week. The 14-store chain will add bite-size macarons to its menu on Jan. 14, the 6-year-old...
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:36 Nick Chubb on why he's returning for another year
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
Amar'e Stoudemire still likes his wine The former NBA all-star has launched a limited-edition kosher wine collection.
Meet Ariel Smith, the newest ex-Knick Jewish convert You can call him Ariel Smith now. Chris Smith, the former Knicks point guard and J.R. Smith's younger brother, is making a basketball comeback and is set to debut next...
Amar'e Stoudemire's pointed advice for Kristaps Porzingis Amar'e Stoudemire was on hand Tuesday at the Garden for spiritual reasons, to help the Knicks celebrate Hanukkah Night. But the retired ex-Knick also delivered a spiritual message to fellow...
Amar'e Stoudemire's affair with Miami beauty exposed Six-time NBA All-Star Amar'e Stoudemire has been slapped with a lawsuit by Miami-based beauty Quynn Lovett, who alleges he fathered her daughter last year, the Daily Mail first reported Wednesday....
Amar'e Stoudemire has 3 options after 'roller-coaster' season in Israel Amar'e Stoudemire is back from the Holy Land with a championship in tow, and he has not ruled out a return to the NBA — and the Knicks. Stoudemire arrived...
Amar'e Stoudemire slammed as sad homophobic man-child Amar'e Stoudemire has enough to worry about as the co-owner and ostensible star of a team in the far-flung outpost of Israeli basketball league. He probably didn't need to attract the...
Amar'e Stoudemire under fire for gay 'joke' days after tolerance award Two days after winning Israel's prestigious Martin Luther King Jr. Award for his work with underprivileged children, Amar'e Stoudemire suggested in a video posted Tuesday his goodwill does not extend...
WASHINGTON — The federal government ran a $668 billion budget deficit for the just-completed 2017 fiscal year, according to a new government report. That's $82 billion more red ink than the government produced last year.
The Congressional Budget Office based its findings on preliminary Treasury reports.
The worsening deficit picture comes as Congress digs into its pockets for tens of billions of dollars more for hurricane relief. Lawmakers are also working toward a round of tax cuts that could add $1.5 trillion in debt over 10 years on top of already grim projections.
Washington isn't focusing much on the deficit these days, following the lead of President Donald Trump. The president has ruled out cuts to big benefit programs that drive the deficit's growth, and Congress has rejected most of Trump's other spending cuts.
The national debt is $20 trillion and CBO projects it would grow to about $30 trillion within 10 years. Many analysts, including CBO, worry that the nation's deficit path is unsustainable and will harm the economy by sopping up investment and pushing up interest rates.
Republicans controlling Congress are working on companion nonbinding budget plans that promise sharp spending cuts and shrinking deficits, but they aren't likely to actually try to carry out the cuts. Instead, the GOP budgets are aimed chiefly at easing the way for follow-up legislation to overhaul the tax code.
Treasury will issue the official deficit figures in a week or two.
Image copyright PA
About 10% of Wales' roads covering 1,932 miles are in a poor condition, according to BBC data.
Defects such as bumpiness and surface cracks were measured over six years using Welsh Government statistics.
Over that period, Powys had an average 19.6% of its network in a poor condition and Flintshire 5%.
A Welsh Government spokesman said it looks after trunk roads with local authorities deciding how to treat subsidiary routes.
Over the six year period until 2016-17, the worst averages were Powys (19.6%), Ceredigion (14.7%), Wrexham (14.2%), Carmarthenshire (13.4%) and Pembrokeshire (10.2%).
Those local authority areas with the lowest were Flintshire (5%), Swansea, Neath Port Talbot and Torfaen (6.1%) and Merthyr Tydfil (6.8%).
Statistics came from the Welsh Government's data unit's local authority performance measures over six years, while Department of Transport information was also gained looking at England's roads over eight years.
Halton (1%) and Telford and Wrekin (1.3%) had the lowest and City of London (15.3%) the highest numbers of A road in poor condition.
A Welsh Local Government Association spokesman said roads are exposed to a range of challenging weather conditions - such as the freeze-thaw process in winter, which creates potholes.
He said: "If these are not addressed, then they gradually become worse.
"Local authorities' ability to address this has been reduced as a result of ongoing budget cuts."
While he praised a Welsh Government borrowing initiative that saw £170m invested in the network over three years, he said such investments need to be sustained.
"The Welsh Government has responsibility for the trunk road network in Wales, which is regularly inspected and any safety related defects addressed," a Welsh Government spokesman said.
"It is for local authorities to determine how best to ensure subsidiary roads remain in the best possible condition."
He pointed to an announcement in February that £30m will be given to improve the state of roads in Wales.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
RHA and GSA's 9th Annual TTU Drag Show will be held on Wednesday, March 21st at 8 p.m. Perform a group or solo Amateur Act in front of fellow students, staff, and community members alongside Professional Drag Queens. Use the link to sign up through OrgSync: https://orgsync.com/155025/forms/293159. There will be a mandatory audition/dress rehearsal on Thursday, March 1st at 6 p.m. in the Leadership Development Center in the Carpenter/Wells Complex.
1:36 'The King,' (Elvis impersonator Will Kettler) is in the house for Valentine's Day weddings Pause
0:51 Fans line up waiting for Twenty One Pilots
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of his internment for first time since 1942
0:33 Fresno police arrest two after string of armed robberies
3:02 Meet Alexander Mickelthwate, the third conductor candidate for the Fresno Philharmonic
1:20 6 things to know about Calexit – the plan for California to secede from the U.S.
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
0:57 Protesters target Mayor Brand's refusal to designate Fresno a sanctuary city
0:52 Visalia couple wins $65,000 Valentine on 'The Price is Right'
Aaron Rodgers is just 'sad' about Packers moves Quarterbacks coach Alex Van Pelt isn't the only Packers confidant Aaron Rodgers has been forced to say goodbye to this offseason. With Green Bay set to welcome Seahawks castoff Jimmy...
How the Kirk Cousins contract will change the NFL forever The reports of Kirk Cousins sprinting toward the open arms of the Vikings for a three-year free-agent contract that will pay him $84 million guaranteed had barely made it into...
Danica Patrick's dad takes apparent anthem shot at Aaron Rodgers' romance with Danica Patrick is going full steam ahead, but it appears his relationship with her father is going to take a bit more time. T.J. Patrick, a...
Aaron Rodgers couldn't hide his anger over Packers firing coach As the Packers adjust to their offseason changes, Aaron Rodgers is still trying to process why the team's quarterbacks coach was let go without team brass conferring with him first....
Subscribe to The MMQB: 10 Things Podcast and it will be waiting in your feed first thing Monday morning. (For non-subscribers, there is sometimes a lag.) The Week 17 show will be available soon…
As always, Andy and I are very available through social media channels. We moved the mailbag portion of the podcast to the Thursday show, when we'll answer as many questions as humanly possible (playoffs, offseason, coaching carousel, draft, anything is fair game):
Andy Benoit on Twitter and Facebook
Gary Gramling on Twitter and Facebook
Thanks for listening, you are the best, and please leave a review on iTunes if you like the show!
This week's show:
1. Washington's collapse, what's next for Kirk Cousins?
2. Aaron Rodgers remains unstoppable as Packers win NFC North
3. Falcons rise up to become NFC favorites
4. A job Opening in Denver, and more QB questions in Oakland
5. Chiefs win the West while Chargers (unwisely) fire Mike McCoy
6. Patriots clinch top seed behind Brady, Edelman and a new face at receiver
7. Seahawks win ugly again, 49ers become first team with back-to-back one-and-done coaches
8. Tom Savage hurt for Houston, opening up QB conundrum again
9. The Lightning-ish Round: Steve Smith Sr.'s finale (and home arcade), Cam Newton's nightmare continues, Colts spot Jags 17 then Luck takes over, Bears D disappoints again, Romo shines in cameo at Philly (Mark Sanchez does not), Browns nearly make it a winning streak, Cards finish strong and Fitz is a league leader, Bills start GM's QB and go nowhere
10. Week 17 Awards
This article originally appeared on
This December King Street Gallery exhibits a range of beautiful works from varied artists.
John Slater at King Street Gallery
Frozen in Time
1 – 13 December 2017
John's highly original photography explores the ways in which a subject can ‘melt into its background' to produce a new and exciting image. The two separate objects are combined to become one, ‘breaking the boundaries of our imagination'.
“I have continued to work with narrative from the natural environment and where exploring the subtleties and nuances of natural systems, relating to the meanings that we take from our experiences. I had been seeking to express the wider frame of vision that includes an understanding of the individual as part of a connected whole. Ice links all within itself, frozen in time is an exhibition which attempts just that, freezing time for all to enjoy.”
John attained an MA in Photography – Contemporary Dialogues in 2016, from Swansea University.
Spotlight – Charlotte Leadbeater
1 – 31 December 2017
A new exhibition opening on 1st December in the Spotlight Room at King Street Gallery highlights the work of founding member Charlotte Leadbeater. This exhibition spotlights the Russian Ballet. It includes Charlotte's favourite dancers in performance, a large piece depicting the Vaganova/ Kirov school, Marinsky theatre, Swansea Grand Theatre and Ballet Russe in performance. She has also put in two pieces od dance sculpture inspired by Oskar Schlemmer.
Affordable Art at Christmas
Members Show in the Chate Room, all work £100 or less
15 December 2017 – 3 January 2018
A great opportunity to find a seasonal gift of original art for that special person. Fine art paintings, sculpture, ceramics, printmaking, photography and textiles, something for everyone this Christmas.
King Street Gallery, Contemporary fine and applied arts gallery with a regularly changing exhibition of new work by the artist members. The gallery also showcases special exhibitions by visiting renowned artists in this prestigious West Wales gallery. Talks and workshops given by highly regarded artists are frequent events. Member of Collector Plan – an interest-free loan scheme supported by Arts Council of Wales.
For more information please visit: www.kingstreetgallery.co.uk
(Visited 3 times, 1 visits today)
Toronto utility player Chris Coghlan might have outed his true identity as a real-life superhero during the Blue Jays' 6-5, 11-inning win over the Cardinals on Tuesday night.
With the game tied 1-1 in the seventh, Coghlan bolted from second to home on Kevin Pillar's deep ball off the left-field wall.
The speedy Coghlan would be greeted at home plate by Yadier Molina, who would have made the run-saving tag, if not for Coghlan's insane high-jump over the Cardinals catcher's back.
To make it even more impressive, Coghlan landed squarely on home plate, scoring to put the Jays ahead of the Cards, 2-1.
Either Coghlan is MLB's version of Clark Kent, or he was an Olympic track and field athlete in a past life. Whatever his true identity is, we hope it produces more plays like this in the future.
Uber's Search for a New CEO Is a Bumpy Ride
Getting rid of Travis Kalanick may have been hard for Uber's investors and board of directors. But replacing him could prove harder.
As the company's board inches ahead in its search for a new chief executive to run the embattled ride-hailing company, candidates are dropping out before they've even met with every board member. Kalanick himself is rumored to be angling for a return, and some investors question whether any candidate could fill its departed leader's shoes.
In other words, this is not a typical job opening.
"They're trying to hire someone for two very different roles," said Bradley Tusk, an early investor in Uber who is not involved with the board's CEO search.
The company needs a leader who can implement the recommendations of a report by former U.S. Atty. Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. to change Uber's culture of bullying and harassment, secure deals and eventually lead the firm to an initial public offering. It takes "one type of manager," Tusk said, to get that job done.
On top of that, Tusk said, the incoming CEO must fill the void that Kalanick supporters believe he left -- that of a tenacious visionary who can help Uber grow into a company that competes with the likes of Apple, Google, and Amazon.
"And that's a very different kind of person," Tusk said.
The candidates whose names have been floated -- such as Hewlett Packard Enterprise CEO Meg Whitman and departing GE chief Jeff Immelt -- fall into the first category of manager, thanks to their experience running large legacy businesses. People with knowledge of the matter said that Whitman, who has start-up experience from her time at EBay, was viewed as a promising candidate, but she announced on Twitter last week that she was not considering the role. Recode reported that she had not yet met in person with every board member at the time of her announcement.
Immelt is still believed to be in the running.
Uber declined to comment on the process of hiring a new CEO.
The difficulty of the board's CEO search has been compounded by internal disagreements.
The company's board currently consists of Kalanick, Uber co-founder Garrett Camp, Uber executive Ryan Graves, media entrepreneur Arianna Huffington, Nestle executive Wan Ling Martello, TPG Capital's David Trujillo, Yasir bin Othman Al-Rumayyan of the Saudi Arabia public investment fund, Didi Chuxing's Cheng Wei and Benchmark's Matt Cohler. Huffington has been a longtime supporter of Kalanick, but Benchmark led the charge in pressuring Kalanick to resign. It is unclear which candidates the board currently favors.
As the board of directors continues its search, sources close to Kalanick have said the Uber co-founder, who resigned in June after mounting pressure from investors, wants to come back and run the show. Recode reported Sunday that Kalanick had told several people that he was "Steve Jobs-ing it," a reference to the Apple co-founder who was fired from his role as CEO, only to return years later to lead the company to global dominance.
Kalanick did not respond to a request for comment.
The appointment of a new CEO is an opportunity for Uber to signal to investors, employees, drivers and consumers that, after spending the last eight months embroiled in political and legal controversy, it is turning over a new leaf.
After developing a well-earned reputation as a combative and competitive company that is hostile toward women, the company has tried to make amends. In addition to firing employees who were found to have contributed to the company's toxic culture, accepting Kalanick's resignation and bringing on high-profile women executives such as Bozoma Saint John from Apple and Frances Frei of Harvard University, the company launched an initiative to curry favor with drivers, who have long felt that the company under Kalanick's leadership didn't listen to them.
Even if Kalanick could somehow tip the vote in his favor, reinstalling him as chief executive any time soon would undermine the company's messaging that it is changing its ways, one investor said.
The fact that Kalanick was such an overpowering force within Uber when he was its CEO could also make him a tough act to follow, according business and branding experts.
"It's almost like the first boyfriend or girlfriend you get after a breakup," said Andrew Gilman, president of crisis communications firm Commcore Consulting Group. "Whoever comes in, there's a chance they'll be fabulously successful, but there's a better chance they'll be the rebound, where they'll have to go through one CEO before they get a really good one."
A "really good one," in the eyes of investors, is someone with Kalanick's vision combined with the temperament and experience of the Whitmans of the world. If Uber could only have one, though, business experts such as Brent Goldfarb, an associate professor of entrepreneurship and strategy at the University of Maryland, believe it'd be wise to prioritize responsibility before ingenuity.
"They need a grown-up," Goldfarb said. "They need someone who can cut operations that aren't working, make a rational call on the autonomous strategy, has the strength and emotional wits to reset the company culture, and push this through relentlessly."
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Uber, iStock.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Now that a judge has struck down Florida's archaic system of restoring the right to vote to convicted felons, the real legal battle begins with a big unanswered question.
What's the solution?
In a landmark decision, U.S. District Judge Mark Walker ruled Thursday that Florida's Jim Crow-era vote restoration system violates the United States Constitution.
Florida is one of three states, along with Iowa and Kentucky, that permanently strip convicted felons of their civil rights, including the right to vote, unless they are restored by official state action. About six million felons across the country cannot vote, and a fourth of them, or about 1.5 million, are in Florida.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
U.S. District Judge Mark Walker speaks at graduation ceremonies for the Florida State University College of Law on May 1, 2016. The federal judge struck down Florida's century-old system that forces felons to seek the favor of the governor and the three Cabinet members to regain the right to vote, deeming the practice arbitrary and discriminatory. Florida State University College of Law
Walker did not invalidate the lifetime ban on voting by felons that requires them to wait at least five years after leaving prison to apply for restoration of rights, though he suggested in his order that Florida's system might be “particularly punitive.”
Rather, he struck down a century-old system that forces felons to seek the favor of the governor and the three Cabinet members to regain the right to vote as arbitrary and discriminatory.
The four officials meet four times a year as a clemency board to consider hundreds of cases.
Read more: “Florida ban on restoring felons' voting rights is unconstitutional, judge rules”
By giving “unfettered discretion” to Gov. Rick Scott, who has more power to grant or deny the right to vote than any Cabinet member, Florida arbitrarily chooses who gets to vote and who doesn't, and that's illegal, the judge ruled.
“Florida's vote-restoration scheme is crushingly restrictive,” Walker wrote. “The scheme crumbles under strict scrutiny because it risks — if not covertly authorizes the practice of — arbitrary and discriminatory vote restoration.”
The judge gave both sides 10 days to submit proposed remedies. Their deadline is Monday, Feb. 12. Time is of the essence, Walker wrote, because “unique circumstances are at play in this challenge.”
“The case isn't over yet,” said Washington, D.C., attorney Jon Sherman, senior counsel for the Fair Elections Legal Network that celebrated the Walker decision. “We need to brief the court on the remedy question.”
Sherman declined to discuss what recommendations he will make to the judge. “You won't have to wait long,” he said.
After briefs are filed, Walker will issue a permanent order, which likely will be challenged in the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta.
Scott's office defended the existing system.
In a statement, spokesman John Tupps said: “The discretion of the clemency board over the restoration of felons' rights in Florida have been in place for decades and overseen by multiple governors. The process is outlined in Florida's Constitution and [the] ruling departs from precedent set by the U.S. Supreme Court.”
Walker acknowledged that by striking down the existing restoration system as unconstitutional, he's blocking eligible convicted felons from seeking to regain their voting rights from Scott and the three Cabinet members, who alone decide whether ex-felons become full-fledged citizens or not.
Their next scheduled meeting is Thursday, March 8. It's not clear whether those cases will be heard or not.
The three Cabinet members with the power to change the rules are all Republicans.
They are Attorney General Pam Bondi, who's term-limited and will leave office in November; Chief Financial Officer Jimmy Patronis, who was appointed by Scott last year and is running for a four-year term; and Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam, a candidate for governor.
Putnam is on record as opposing the immediate restoration of voting rights to violent felons.
“Nonviolent offenders ought to have an easier path to restoration of rights. Violent criminals do not deserve the same,” Putnam said.
The lead attorney defending the state's position is Solicitor General Amit Agarwal, who reports to Bondi.
“It would not be appropriate to discuss our legal strategy at this time,” said Bondi's spokesman, Whitney Ray.
Walker's precedent-setting ruling is seen as giving valuable momentum to a statewide referendum in November that would restore the right to vote to all convicted felons in Florida except murderers and sex offenders.
“It probably provides impetus for the restoration movement,” said Darryl Paulson, professor emeritus of government at the University of South Florida St. Petersburg and a critic of the system. “If a judge is saying that this is not fair and unconstitutional and flawed, then maybe we need to change it.”
Scott is strongly considering running for the U.S. Senate seat held by Democrat Bill Nelson since 2001.
Paulson said Scott would be taking a big political risk if he tries to defend a system that Walker has ruled unconstitutional.
“If Scott becomes defensive in terms of upholding the system as is, I don't think that is going to be a winnable argument for him,” Paulson said.
Paulson cited a study by the Florida Commission on Offender Review that showed that ex-offenders whose voting rights were restored were less likely to commit new crimes than those who could not vote.
The professor said Walker's decision was a long time in coming.
“It's not a source of pride that we lead the nation in excluding more people from voting than any other state — and we make it tougher than any other state to have restoration,” Paulson said.
DENVER — A domestic-violence case has been dismissed against Aron Ralston, a Colorado adventurer whose self-amputation ordeal was made into the movie “127 Hours.” A court spokeswoman said Monday the...
The hiker whose harrowing tale of survival inspired the James Franco film “127 Hours” has been arrested in Denver on domestic-violence charges. Aron Ralston, who amputated his own right arm...
Scientists have developed a blood test that detects aggressive forms of prostate cancer. It can identify patients with a 10 times higher risk of dying from the disease. The results...
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
The owner of a Nebraska day care center was arrested after a shocking video surfaced showing her abusing a 4-year-old girl — striking her repeatedly while screaming at the girl for touching her hair, authorities said.
Lynn Rowe, 58, owner of Lynn's Learning Center in Omaha, was arrested Thursday on a felony child abuse charges after police received a report earlier this month about alleged abuse at the day care center. The disturbing cellphone footage – captured by a former employee – shows Rowe yelling at the girl before hitting her multiple times in the head and arm, the Omaha World-Herald reports.
“Quit messing with your hair,” the woman, identified as Rowe, tells the girl before repeatedly punching her arm and shoulder.
“That hurt me,” the sobbing girl responds.
“Good, I hope it hurts you,” the woman says before shaking the girl violently.
Rowe, who operated the center on S. 112th Street, was arrested at a home in Missouri Valley, Iowa, the World-Herald reports.
The girl's parents, Allen and Kelley Meyers, said the former employee who recorded the disturbing clip gave them a copy before they went to police.
“After we gave the video to the other parents, they all took their kids out of there,” Meyers told the newspaper, saying up to 14 children were removed from the center prior to its closure on Friday by the Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services.
Meyers said her daughter was also verbally abused by Rowe, but insists the girl isn't showing any lasting effects of the disturbing treatment.
“Kids are pretty resilient,” she said. “She's doing OK.”
Meyers said she's glad Rowe will now have to “take some responsibility” for her actions.
Allen Meyers told NBC News that Rowe initially tried to minimize the severity of the incident when confronted by the couple with the cellphone video. His daughter had been attending the day care center since she was just a few months old, and his 7-year-old son was also cared for at the location, he said.
“When we presented her with the video, then the real emotions came up,” he said. “She couldn't watch even three seconds of it and asked us to turn it off. She started to cry and ask us for forgiveness.”
Meyers said Rowe blamed stress for the shocking abuse caught on camera.
It was unclear whether Rowe had hired an attorney, NBC News reports.
Police in Omaha are now investigating whether other children were abused or neglected under Rowe's care.
So, it finally happened: iHeartMedia, owner of 850 radio stations nationwide – including eight in Los Angeles – announced on March 14th that it had entered into a court-supervised restructuring through a Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing.
This comes just weeks after giving bonuses to top-level executives.
Interestingly, many observers miss the point. CNN reported, for example, that “The company has struggled with falling revenue. It was down in 2015, barely grew in 2016 and fell in the first nine months of 2017. This has come amid declines in the radio ad business and growing competition from streaming rivals like Spotify and Pandora.”
This seems to suggest the declining revenue was just a random event, and that the massive $20 billion debt it assumed in a leveraged buyout years ago would have not been a big issue had this random event not occurred. What is missed is the reason for declining revenue: the very business model that is iHeart Media.
When the cap was lifted on the number of stations a company could own nationwide, the argument was made that economies of scale would allow greater format variety, better programming, better marketing, and more.
Instead, as companies overpaid for stations and the economies of scale never materialized, large owners such as iHeart cut talent, cut programs, added more commercials and – operating essentially as monopolies – stopped truly competing. Some markets don't even have local personalities, instead using recorded voices from other cities or satellite feeds.
Even in large markets like Los Angeles, most stations don't have personalities hosting shows part of the day; few stations do after 10 p.m. daily. In some cities, morning shows are repeated in the evening; in others, “music mixes” are played via computer at least one shift.
When all this started, listeners, in response, looked for alternatives. Satellite radio, online services such as Pandora, and of course iPods and the like, all capitalized on radio's failure. With few exceptions, radio evolved into a background listening service, causing ad revenues to plummet. In other words, it wasn't a random event: the likes of iHeart caused it.
So while this move will give iHeart some breathing room, unless it is forced by creditors to sell most of its stations, I don't see this as a good move at all. We need local. iHeart is the antithesis of local in far too many cases.
As someone posted somewhere, when retailer Toys R Us is allowed to die but iHeart is not, something is wrong with the world.
Yet, In Another Time …
In the days when one owner could not own more than seven stations nationwide, stations did compete. They had to, even after midnight, when the ratings are not being taken, because owners knew those listeners may transform into ratings later in the day.
From Airchexx.com comes an example of just that: a sample of the late, great Big Ron O'Brien from WNBC/New York in the wee hours of the morning.
O'Brien was part of the KIIS-FM (102.7 FM) air staff that set records for FM station ratings in the mid 1980s. This recording happens to be from WNBC circa 1982; I believe he was less than a year away form his arrival at KIIS, though he had already been at and left Los Angeles after his tenure at KFI (640 AM).
What makes this aircheck so impressive is the time. O'Brien was a top-tier talent, and WNBC had him on at 4:00 in the morning. I don't know the reasons – perhaps he was filling in, a recent hire getting used to the WNBC format, or maybe he ticked off the program director? Regardless, NBC apparently felt it important enough to run talent at that time of day, and O'Brien was a true talent.
Regardless, it's a fun listen. Check it out at https://tinyurl.com/BGRonWNBC.
PESHAWAR: Pakistan's government has decided to establish four university campuses in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA).
FATA University, the first ever university in the region, was set up in 2016 in Darra Adam Khel, a semi-tribal area infamous for the manufacture and sale of weapons.
Four campuses of FATA University — one each in North Waziristan, South Waziristan, Bajaur and Khyber — have been approved, university Vice-Chancellor Dr. Tahir Shah told Arab News.
Campuses will be set up in other areas in due course, said the university's deputy director of planning and development, Naveed Tariq.
“Almost a month ago, we visited North Waziristan and Bajaur to select sites for the campuses,” he told Arab News.
“On Friday, we visited Khyber for the same purpose. The visit to South Waziristan… is likely soon.”
Meanwhile, the FATA Grand Alliance, a union of tribal elders, has called for the reopening of colleges that were closed when the army launched an operation against the Taliban.
“Four colleges in North Waziristan alone… remain closed since the army launched Operation Zarb-e-Azb against the militants,” alliance Chairman Malik Khan Marjan told Arab News.
Besides reopening the closed colleges, the government needs to launch another university, as well as medical and engineering colleges in every tribal agency, he said.
“This is the only way to educate the tribals, who have long suffered displacement and wars,” he added.
The Tatham takeover Meet head coach Patrick Tatham
Basketball started early this year for the men's team as they saw some preseason non-conference action during the Marauders' homecoming festivities.
These games offered an opportunity for the Marauders to debut several new players along with the Marauders' brand-new head coach Patrick Tatham. Coach Tatham arrived in Hamilton early this May and has been working hard behind the scenes ever since.
“I always said if I was going to leave Ryerson it would be for Mac. So I'm kind of living the dream right now,” said Tatham.
Tatham's impressive basketball history includes playing for National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Cleveland State University and as a member of the Canadian Junior Men's National Team. He also played three professional seasons in Switzerland, Syria, Qatar and Germany and added a U Sports 2016 Coach of the Year award following his career as a player.
Tatham came prepared to bring the Marauders to a new level. “I've always been a defensively-minded player and carried that with me into coaching,” he said. “Right off the bat, I think we're going to be very tough and gritty and very quick on defence.”
Coach Tatham started off the team's training with a week-long boot camp during the last week of August, and although their first games proved they have a lot of work to do, he believes the team has been adjusting quite well.
“Right now we're just going to put our hard hats on and get after it game after game.” Patrick Tatham
Head coach
“That week showed me that they really want to work hard,” Tatham said. “The next week was a mini-training camp and it was literally four days of all defence. They have been responding very well to the defence-minded thoughts that I have”.
Although it is still too early to tell, Tatham is hoping that with hard work the Marauders can shock teams across Ontario University Athletics.
“We didn't really finish in a great position last year,” said Tatham. “But I do want to surprise a lot of people in the OUA West and the OUA East. Right now we're just going to put our hard hats on and get after it game after game.”
To do this, Tatham has recruited several players, including shooting guard-forward combo Sasha Simic from Kitchener, ON and former NCAA D-I player Miles Seward.
“Everyone could really expect to see Sasha as a hybrid four,” said Tatham. “And Miles is just a flat-out scorer. He's going to be so exciting to watch.”
So far this has proven to be true. In their first two preseason wins, Simic has shown great versatility while Seward has lit up the court with his shooting ability.
But the team still has a lot to work on, as was shown during a brutal 103-63 loss to Laval University, these challenges were no surprise to coach Tatham.
“All the guys love him. He's very energetic and he's one of those guys that likes to get us hyped up.” David McCulloch
Men's Basketball team
“They're still trying to get used to me and how I coach,” Tatham said. “Whether it's yelling or getting into their ear or getting into their face, I'm going to be faced with challenges where sometimes they may not respond or maybe they won't be used to the coaching that I'm going to instill on them”.
Another challenge coach Tatham hopes to turn around is the lack of hype and disinterest towards the program and the basketball culture at Mac.
“I think that's one area where we struggle with a little bit,” said Tatham. “One of our managers, Robert Rawson, is really kind of owning our social media presence so I'm excited about that too.”
Above all, coach Tatham hopes to leave a long-lasting impact on his players.
“I'll never forget it,” remembered Tatham. “My coach when I was in school at Cleveland State University used to say: ‘we're the last line of defence for all these young men before they leave to go off into the real world'.”
He believes that if he can train them on how to work hard on the basketball court or in the weight room, he can also guide them to have good characteristics that help them to be young men when they finish university.
“Those little things are the things that I take pride in so that hopefully when they're done here in two, three or four years, they can use those skills when they're young men,” said Tatham.
Coach Tatham brings a new excitement to Marauders basketball this season. His passion for the sport cannot be hidden which is exciting to watch for both fans and players alike.
“All the guys love him. He's very energetic and he's one of those guys that likes to get us hyped up,” said fourth-year player David McCulloch. “That's why I really like him as a coach because he makes me want to play for him. But at the same time, he's also very tough and he's straight up with you”.
With so many changes going into the new season the Marauders are still adapting, but they plan to use the four preseason games left to shake off the jitters before the regular season starts.
Comments
Video
Apichatapong Weerasethakul is a director who actually wants you to fall asleep during his films.
The Thai filmmaker's latest installation, SLEEPCINEMAHOTEL, is currently being screened at the International Film Festival Rotterdam.
Image copyright Denzil Lush Image caption Denzil Lush says the power of attorney can have a "devastating" effect on families
A retired senior judge has warned of the lack of safeguards in the power of attorney system in England and Wales.
Denzil Lush says people should be far more aware of the risks and has vowed to never sign one himself.
The power of attorney is a legal document, which allows someone to make financial or welfare decisions on your behalf when you can no longer do so.
Last year, almost 650,000 applications were made to register the document and there are 2.5m currently registered.
A power of attorney can, Mr Lush warns, have a "devastating" effect on family relationships as relatives do not have to be contacted for somebody to obtain the document.
For 20 years he was the senior judge in the Court of Protection, which looks after the interests of people who do not have the capacity to look after themselves.
Mr Lush has adjudicated in 6,000 power of attorney cases, and for many years was the author of the definitive legal guide to this area.
'Vigorous campaign'
In a new foreword to his book, he says the "lack of transparency causes suspicions and concerns which tend to rise in a crescendo and eventually explode".
He says the Ministry of Justice (MoJ) has been "disingenuous" in promoting them.
The legal document's popularity has been the result, he says, of a "vigorous campaign" by the MoJ and its agency the Office of the Public Guardian (OPG), which administers the system.
A report by Brunel University in 2016 found that there was no systematic collection of official data on financial abuse.
This is despite local authority safeguarding returns indicating it was the third most common form of abuse.
'War veteran's money and medals stolen'
Image copyright Lesley Willetts
Frank Willett, a Dunkirk and Normandy veteran, was exploited by his neighbour Colin Blake.
In 2003, when Frank was in his early 80s and suffering from dementia, he made his neighbour Colin Blake his attorney, giving him responsibility for his financial affairs.
That year, Blake withdrew nearly £9,000 from Mr Willett's account in a single transaction.
As he had power of attorney, the bank didn't contact Mr Willett's relatives. Blake drew out more money, using the sums to pay his own bills.
In early 2008, Mr Willett's daughter Lesley managed to revoke the power of attorney but discovered all of her father's money had gone. His medals - from 35 years service in the Army - had gone too.
Her mother's wedding ring and her jewellery and all the family photographs and documents had also disappeared.
"It was devastating," she said. "It took his memories."
Read more on Frank's story here
Mr Lush described it as a "crusade" which "demonised" the legal alternative - the appointment of deputies by the Court of Protection itself.
The retired judge said there is far more scrutiny from the outset with a deputy as they have to provide a full list of assets, and annual accounts.
Deputies also have to provide a security bond, which can be easily claimed if there is a problem with money being spent inappropriately.
It is more expensive than power of attorney, but Mr Lush believes it is worth £320 a year to have the safeguards.
Belgian-born martial arts action star Jean-Claude Van Damme, aka “The Muscles from Brussels,” has done many wild things over the course of his career.
He's battled men who can fly (in films like “Street Fighter”) and saved babies from tigers (in “Double Team.”) But his new Amazon show, “Jean-Claude Van Johnson,” is his most out-there venture yet.
The action-comedy series, premiering Dec. 15, is Van Damme's first major TV role. He plays a version of himself who comes out of retirement to film a bad “Huckleberry Finn” martial arts reboot — which is just a cover for his real job: as an undercover private contractor code-named Jean-Claude Van Johnson. And, if that's not enough, he also plays more than one character, including a time-traveling lookalike and a foolhardy factory worker (think “Double Impact”). “The challenge was to play a few characters in a truthful way,” says Van Damme, 57. “It took a lot of energy.”
Van Damme says there are big differences between his real-life persona and the fictional version of himself in the show. “In real life, I'm a little more serious and I think a lot,” he says. If he had his own show, it would likely be more like the nature series “Planet Earth.” “I love nature and ecology and animals. Without nature, we would be unable to survive,” he says. “But of course it's hard to tell people to care, so I think it has to be about knowledge. It's good to be informed … Animals can bring people together; you never know about destiny.”
In “Jean-Claude Van Johnson,” Van Damme isn't doing anything that hasn't been done before (Matt Le Blanc in “Episodes,” James Van Der Beek in ABC's “Don't Trust the B”). But Van Damme, who rose to fame kicking his way through martial arts action movies in the '80s and '90s, is perfectly suited to the concept, since it both overhauls and pays homage to his image — and that's what he's counting on. “People can have a different idea that Jean-Claude Van Damme is not only the guy who can only kick,” he says.
Van Damme does share one surprising commonality with his on-screen persona: In the first episode of “Jean-Claude Van Johnson,” he's shown riding a Segway. He also uses a Segway-like device in his everyday life. “I don't want to say the name, because I'll give you a free promotion, but I have one without a handle,” he says. “My house is one level, and from my office to my bedroom is a two-minute walk. A real two-minute walk is a long time, and I've got a wood floor. [The device] is very convenient, because I always forget my portable phone or my training bags. So I go back and forth.
“I don't think the [show's writers] knew about [how he gets around],” he says. “So those two came at the same time — reality and ideas. That's cool.”
“Jean-Claude Van Johnson” Series premiere Friday on Amazon
2:02 Repo man felt bad taking elderly couple's car. Here's how he made it up to them. Pause
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast: Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
Powered by
This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement.
Pepsi should fire its ad agency “Tone-deaf” is an understatement. A new Pepsi ad — which features Kendall Jenner using a can of soda to end a stand-off between cops and a group of young, multi-racial...
Bratton, de Blasio 'freaking out' crime increase: author Violent crime in some of America's largest cities is on the rise thanks to the “false narrative” perpetuated by groups such as Black Lives Matter, a prominent policing expert said...
Black Lives Matter won't endorse presidential candidate WASHINGTON — The Black Lives Matter network will not make a presidential endorsement but will keep up its political activism by confronting candidates about the treatment of African-Americans in the...
Share
Imagine popping a pill which can then monitor your insides for potential signs of poor health. That is what a team of researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology has been working on — only instead of being the kind of soluble pill your doctor may prescribe, this one is a pill-sized ingestible capsule designed to monitor blood in the gastrointestinal tract. About the size of a pen cap, the prototype sensor combines electronics with useful bacteria. With this fearsome combination, it can detect signs of excessive bleeding in the gut, and then transmit the results to your smartphone.
“We've developed a new type of ingestible sensor by packaging living bacterial sensor cells together with readout electronics into a small capsule,” Phillip Nadeau, a former postdoctoral associate at MIT, told Digital Trends. “The cells were genetically engineered to start glowing when they detected heme molecules released during a stomach bleed. This low level of light given off by the cells was detected by the electronics in the capsule, and a signal representing the light level of the cells transmitted outside the body to a user's cellphone. The advantage of using cells is that they are able to perform detection in harsh environments like the GI tract, and in principle they can be engineered to sense many different types of molecules.”
Long term, the team envisions the device being swallowed by patients at home to provide a biochemical picture of their gut. Doing so would allow them to more easily diagnose or manage a range of diseases, including gastric ulcers, inflammatory bowel disease, and colorectal cancer. It could potentially do this, while also lowering the need to perform invasive procedures such as colonoscopies and biopsies for these conditions.
The project is still in prototype phase and none of the sensors have actually been ingested by a human. They have, however, been successfully tested on the guts of a pig, and the team hopes that human trials could be a possibility going forward. To do this, they will have to find a way to further miniaturize the sensor — which comprises a microprocessor, button-cell battery, and wireless transmitter — without reducing its abilities.
“We teamed up with Dr. Giovanni Traverso and his group at MIT to validate the prototype device in a pig model of gastric bleeding, and showed that it worked there,” Mark Mimee, a Ph.D. student at MIT, told us. “In the future, we're interested in expanding the functionality of the device to other markers of gastrointestinal disease, with a focus on markers of inflammation. Additionally, we're working on further miniaturizing the electronic components of the device and shrinking the power consumption and battery size to lower the overall footprint, and mitigate the risk of complications.”
As speculation mounts over the Prime Minister's future, here is a look at how Theresa May could be replaced.
According to Conservative Party rules, a leadership contest can be triggered in two ways, with the most obvious being if Mrs May resigns.
If the PM is determined to stay, a leadership election can be triggered if 15% of Tory MPs write to Graham Brady, the chairman of the 1922 Committee - made up of backbench Conservative MPs - saying they no longer have confidence in the leader.
Some 48 MPs would be needed to oust Mrs May with the party's current crop of 318 MPs, including the speaker and deputy speaker.
Once that threshold is crossed, Mr Brady would announce the start of the leadership contest and invite nominations, with candidates needing the support of at least two MPs to get on to the ballot paper.
If there is only one candidate, they will be automatically declared leader.
But if multiple MPs are successfully nominated, Tory MPs then vote, with the candidate achieving the lowest number of votes forced out of the race, until only two candidates remain.
Conservative Party members then vote for their preferred candidate on a "one member, one vote" basis, with the winner becoming the new leader.
When David Cameron resigned following the EU referendum, five Tory MPs stood for the leadership.
Mrs May and Andrea Leadsom were due to go to the ballot of the Conservative Party membership.
But Mrs May was formally confirmed as the new leader after Mrs Leadsom pulled out of the race.
In 2005, Conservative Party members chose Mr Cameron over David Davis, while in 2003 Iain Duncan Smith was ousted as leader after the chairman of the 1922 Committee received 25 letters from Tory MPs.
Michael Howard was then elected leader as the only nominated MP to replace him.
We hear Jeffrey Katzenberg, 66, is close to announcing some deals now that he's running his own private fund. The former Disney chief, who gave the world movies such as...
Image copyright Chine House Vets Image caption The bell-shaped white dot close to the falcon's left shoulder is an air pellet
A wounded peregrine falcon found on the outskirts of Cambridge had probably been hit 10 days earlier by pellets from an air rifle, a vet has said.
A woman spotted the bird on the ground on 18 September and contacted the Raptor Foundation at Woodhurst in Cambridgeshire.
Its hospital manager Simon Dudhill said the damage to the protected bird's wings is so great it may not fly again.
Cambridgeshire Police is appealing for information.
The vet who treated the bird told Mr Dudhill it had lost so much weight he believed it had been shot between 10 days to a fortnight before its discovery.
Peregrine falcons catch their prey in mid-flight and by the time it was found it was unable to fly.
An X-ray revealed the remains of air pellets in both wings and initially the bird appeared to be recovering well.
Image copyright Raptor Foundation Image caption Peregrines are "the incredible thunderbolts of evolution", according to RSPB Cambridgeshire manager Chris Bowden
Peregrine falcons
Peregrine falcons are the fastest birds in the world and can reach speeds of 200mph when diving for prey
There are about 2,000 in the UK
They are protected by UK law and are on the National Wildlife Crime priority list
Anyone found guilty of killing or harming a peregrine could face an unlimited fine and/or six months in jail
Source: The RSPB
Mr Dudhill said: "The air pellet in one wing was close to the joint and this caused an infection and swelling.
"The swelling is down, but it can't extend its wing properly which means it can't fly at the moment."
Mr Dudhill said the falcon would need "intense physio" and a decision on its future will be taken in a week.
If the bird cannot catch its prey, it cannot return to the wild and will have to be put down.
A leg ring has identified it as one of three falcons fledged in Cambridgeshire earlier this year.
PC Alun Bradshaw said: "This was a senseless act, causing injury and distress to a protected bird."
He appealed for information about the incident.
Ballet boss branded a 'hypocrite' for fling with younger dancer The 40-something artistic boss of the English National Ballet brushed off accusations this week that she's creating a “toxic” workplace environment by canoodling with a company dancer 16 years her...
Training Jennifer Lawrence was the biggest challenge of this ballet dancer's life Jennifer Lawrence has transformed herself into a mutant superhero in the “X-Men” movies, a middle-aged mop mogul in “Joy” and a bow-and-arrow-wielding badass in “The Hunger Games.” But with her...
Inside a prima ballerina's multimillion-dollar home Here's an apartment where you can plié all day. The condo of one of New York City Ballet's most famed dancers, the late Karin von Aroldingen, has hit the market...
Ballerina Misty Copeland's secrets for staying stylishly en pointe She captivates onstage as a swan queen, a firebird and a princess, but ballerina Misty Copeland's most enduring role is that of inspiration. In 2015, she made history as the...
Former race car driver becomes transgender ballerina A former race car driver in the United Kingdom has taken a major leap for transgender women on the ballet stage. Sophie Rebecca, 37, from Leeds, has become the first...
How prima ballerinas' gorgeous costumes get made What's a night at the ballet without the glorious costumes? On Sept. 28, the New York City Ballet will fête both at its annual Fall Fashion Gala, hosting the global...
Dad says 'ballet bandit' daughter is fine after embarrassing arrest The father of the socialite accused of a string of Maine burglaries shrugged off his daughter's arrest Tuesday morning outside his Westchester mansion. Asked whether his kid Talicia was seeking...
Rich daughter of ballet stars busted in burglary spree She went from gracing red carpets to posing for mug shots. The socialite daughter of a New York City ballet power couple traded in her evening gowns for a cat-burglar...
This physicist-ballerina makes the rest of us look pretty bad Ballerina Merritt Moore is making a quantum leap. The 29-year-old, Harvard-educated professional dancer has dazzled audiences at the English National Ballet, Boston Ballet and Zurich Ballet. But when rehearsal is...
LEXINGTON, S.C. — A Baptist church's congregation has voted to remove a statue of Jesus Christ because some believe it's too “Catholic” for their place of worship.
The State newspaper cites a letter sent by leaders of the Red Bank Baptist Church in South Carolina to Bert Baker Jr., a former member of the congregation who hand-carved the 7-foot (2-meter) statue and accompanying reliefs showing scenes from the life of Christ.
The art has been displayed in the church for a decade, but the pastor told the artist it's being taken down this week. The letter says some in the congregation believe the image of Christ standing with his arms outstretched is “Catholic in nature.”
The artist responded that the pastor's letter displays religious prejudice and insults the community's intelligence.
Gravel pads around Whitecourt are becoming a thing of the past as the municipality ramps up bylaw enforcement against them.
The Town of Whitecourt has been working on a Residential Boulevard Program since 2014 to remove gravel pads in violation of the Town's Land Use Bylaw. Over three phases, the Town is working with homeowners to ensure removal of the pads, giving a block of homes in the Town a time frame to come into compliance. The first phase of the project finished on June 30, with phase two starting over the course of August.
Wendy Grimstad-Davidson, Whitecourt's manager of planning and development, said the initiative started after hearing concerns about the pads when the Town last did a major review of the Land Use Bylaw in 2014.
“One of the concerns that was raised quite often was the fact there were quite a few gravel pads adjacent to properties in our community,” Davidson said.
The first phase of the project encompassed 93 homes throughout the community. Throughout the next few weeks, homeowners throughout Park Circle, Spruce Road, Sonoma Key, Prestlien Drive, Patterson Place and Powers Cove will receive notice of the need to remove gravel pads on the front of their property by June 30, 2018, or receive a fine. Town staff expects the number of different homes sent notices to be similar between the two phases.
Beyond public feedback, the Town has identified several reasons for the push, including damage to road infrastructure, tracked gravel on sidewalks being an issue for pedestrian safety and the limitation of on-street parking with wide pads. The gravel pad restriction has been in place since the 1980s, Town staff said.
But the initiative has earned the ire of some town residents. Matthew Connell, a Whitecourt resident who removed a gravel pad during the first phase of the project, has been outspoken in his opposition to the initiative. Connell appeared before Town council last year to protest the enforcement of gravel pad restrictions.
Connell said given how long the issue went unaddressed, as well as the high number of homes that have gravel pads now, it did not seem practical to enforce the bylaw.
“It's been a problem for years and years and years — obviously, this isn't a big issue,” Connell said, adding the number of properties with gravel pads makes the enforcement project nonsensical. “You couldn't even ticket the whole town for everyone that's non-compliant. You have to roll it out in three phases. It just makes absolutely no sense. Of all the things going on in this town ... why pursue this?”
Kevin Wilson, another town resident who had to remove a gravel pad, said the reasoning behind it was faulty given his pad, as well as most of the pads he has seen, did not have issues with tracking gravel on the road or sidewalk. Many of the pads are also used for parking recreational vehicles, he added, which may now lead to them being parked on the street.
“New builders, they're doing that (building gravel pads), because people want it because people want to park their RVs to give them their extra space,” Wilson said.
Davidson said a lack of staff resources had left the problem unaddressed for some time. But the economic downturn combined with increased staff allowed for more time for them to tackle the matter starting in 2014.
“In the last few years, we've actually had an increase in staff ... and in connection with that, we did have the downturn in 2014 that did free up a bit of our time,” Davidson said.
She noted that 79 per cent of the first phase properties came into compliance prior to any enforcement action.
Davidson further said the Town was trying to educate realtors, developers and residents about the Land Use Bylaw to avoid another unchecked rise in gravel pads.
“We're trying to get more education out there,” Davidson said. “I think once the education is out there, hopefully, we'll see less of this.”
#Lazy Nigerian who?
On Wednesday April 18, 2018, some thugs invaded the Senate Chambers in Abuja, seized its symbol of authority-the mace, and escaped from the National Assembly premises. I have visited the Senate on a few occasions and I have an idea of the level of security checks anyone would have to endure before entry and exit therefrom. The next day, the Nigerian Police returned the mace to the Senate claiming to have recovered it from a spot under a flyover close to the Abuja city gate! The Senate, its House of Representatives counterpart and the media all understood the gravity of what had just occurred!
THISDAY Newspapers titled its front page report on April 19, “Disbelief, Outrage over Theft of Mace, Attempted Coup in Senate” opening the report thus, “There was widespread disbelief and outrage in the country yesterday when thugs believed to have been led by Ovie Omo-Agege, the senator representing Delta Central Senatorial District in the Senate and a member of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) stormed the Senate and carted away its mace…”Omo-Agege is the “pro-Buhari Senator” who was suspended by his colleagues for the manner of his opposition to the National Assembly's attempt to change the sequence of elections in 2019, which the presidency opposes and vetoed. Many analysts discern a link between the election sequence matter and the attempt to intimidate and overawe the Senate, and truncate its proceedings! President Buhari is not known to have made any comment on the issue!
While Nigerians were trying to absorb the implications of this shocking development, the president who was away in London made comments same Wednesday which precipitated another huge controversy-Buhari said in relation to the country over which he presides, “…more than 60 percent of the population is below 30. A lot of them haven't been to school and they are claiming, you know, that Nigeria has been an oil-producing country and therefore they should sit down and do nothing, and get housing, healthcare, education free…” In response to Buhari's unfortunate remarks, twitter hashtags#LazyNigerianYouths and #LazyNigerianPresident emerged with young Nigerians rejecting the notion they are lazy, and affirming they were working hard against significant odds erected by Buhari and his generation of failed Nigerian leaders!
Some sycophants around the president and paid and unpaid hacks of the “Buhari Media Office” tried unsuccessfully to mitigate the damage-the English dictionary meanings of Buhari's words indeed translates to “lazy”…and worse-uneducated; idle and indolent; irresponsible and with an unrealistic and undeserved sense of entitlement. Our president was speaking on European soil where the average young person gets benefits far in excess of what any Nigerian youth could imagine, except those of Buhari's generation who got state sponsored education and jobs,and have lived on the Nigerian state since the early 1960s! My tweet of Friday April 20, 2018 was typical of the reaction, “Actually Buhari was describing himself-he didn't get a good education and has no certificate; he's lived on the Nigerian state all his life; he doesn't like work; and he's fixated on Nigeria's oil…”
In truth, Buhari has not presented evidence of completing secondary school-in all the elections he contested, including in 2015 he tendered affidavits to INEC and has declined to perform the simple task of providing his school certificate; since he joined the army in 1961, he has been a “ward” of the Nigerian state and served in multiple states as military governor, as Minister of Petroleum and Chairman of NNPC board under illegal military regimes; he was himself an unconstitutional military head of state; he was Chairman of Petroleum Trust Fund (PTF) under the despotic and thieving dictator, Abacha; and is now back as civilian president. In his current position, he insisted on retaining the oil minister portfolio and installed his Chief of Staff as member of NNPC board! Buhari has a long and well-deserved reputation of abdicating administrative duties to other persons, whether as a military officer, politician or chief executive. That trait is also evident in his current tenure!
What should be really worrying to Nigerians and our foreign “partners” is not the answer Buhari gave, but the questions he was asked (!) which raise concerns around his faculties of comprehension, reason and lucidity – I have carefully reviewed the video and it is not clear how his comment related to questions centering on development of the North-East and the African Continental Free Trade Zone (FTZ). Some commentators have noted that perhaps it was the word “free” in FTZ that set our president off! However talking Nigeria down has been a perennial Buhari attitude since he took office and perhaps reveal his real bias and resentment of not just our enterprising and vocal youth, but indeed our educated, middle class, Westernized populace and our secular constitutional democracy. Having seemingly squandered goodwill of most youths, he may also have an incentive to discredit that constituency!
In any normal society, there would be no possibility of re-electing Buhari, but then Nigeria has strange politicians and a peculiar elite! I expressed my views in this regard on WhatsApp last weekend, “Any country in which its elites consider re-electing a president like Buhari just as thousands of citizens are murdered across the country with not a single person arrested; a president who cannot make an intelligent conversation on any policy or global issue with other global leaders; a president whose EFCC and DSS engage in open confrontation; a regime which crippled the economy and relies on cyclical movements in oil prices as its sole economic lever; a regime under which 10 million jobs are lost; and key accusations against top officials are treated with levity; just as the regime appears complicit in the invasion of its senate by thugs and seizure of mace…such a country is in serious trouble, that is if it isn't doomed. May God protect Nigeria from these type of elite who condone crass incompetence and even mass murder because of contracts, appointments or even possibility of appointments or contracts, or because someone is a fellow church member…God really has to save Nigeria!”
There certainly are some persons sitting idle and living off Nigeria's oil, and it's not our youth! I pray our elite,marginalized youth and suffering masses will rise up and rescue this troubled nation.
Listening to the North, again-2
Chido Nwakanma
The North is a significant part of Nigeria by every measure. It occupies the largest portion of the geographical space. Excluding the derivation revenues to certain states, states in Northern Nigeria combined get a sizeable share of federally distributable revenue. The North also accounts for a disproportionate share of the woes of Nigeria.
To hear the elite of the North say it, however, other parties, persons and forces are responsible for the problems of the region. They externalise and blame the other, rather than frontally tackle the issues that face them. Whether it is in fronting dubious scholarship such as the one by the fellow giving Bayero University a bad name or in casting aspersions, the elite of the North play the ostrich.
Yet because of the size and impact of the North, all of Nigeria must pay particular attention to this region. In the current political dispensation, the North holds all the levers of power, from executive through legislative to security. Northern Nigeria is the main theatre for the anomie in the land. The North deserves the concern and interest of all of us. We who must do what we can to prod, encourage, cajole if necessary, so the North can get its act together.
It is thus uplifting to read of positive action on the matter of drug addiction by the citizens and youth of Kano, as captured by the Non-Government Organisation Nigeria Health Watch. The Federation of Muslim Women Association of Nigeria (FOMWAN) and the Youth Awareness Forum Against Drug Addiction are doing a yeoman's job tackling the epidemic of drug abuse in Kano. They have received no help from the elite of the state or region in person or as organised entities such as State Governments and socio-cultural groups.
Kano is the epicentre of the youth drug abuse challenge in Nigeria. The youth of Kano abuse various substances in search of a high to enable them deal with the socio-economic challenges arising from the lack of opportunities. Kano used to be one of the major centres of industrial activity in Nigeria. The huge textile mills and several manufacturing firms are now hollowed out. Jobs are few, very few and declining in relation to the population.
The young of Kano abuse prescription and over-the-counter drugs. They drink codeine, Tramadol, Rohypnol and Lexotan. They sniff glue, gum and methylated spirits. They abuse various local substances, some that would make you cringe.
The Senate estimates that youth in Kano and Jigawa states consume three million bottles of codeine daily. It has also contributed policy direction in the fight with the passage of the Mental Health and Substance Abuse Bill. The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency reports that Kano has a high 37% drug abuse rate, the highest in the country. On its part, the Federal Ministry of Health has set up the Codeine Control and Other Related Matters Working Group.
FOMWAN has been in the communities for 11 years now fighting the scourge. Its approach involves engagement, encouragement, counselling and treatment. They avoid shaming but provide a welcoming environment so the young people learn to trust and then to drop the harmful habits. There are interesting narratives about some of the former addicts such as Bello Yunusa Adali who now leads an anti-drug abuse advocacy group in Kwannar Dala, Kano. Bello previously imbibed four bottles of codeine daily plus a cocktail of other drugs.
Abubakar Shuaibu Maitumaki formed the Youth Awareness Forum Against Drug Addiction in 2012. He brings lived experience to the task of weaning the young of Kano off the harmful medications. He is doing his best in the fight, raising awareness and providing rehab services.
According to Nigeria Health Watch, “FOMWAN and YAFODA are two small organizations taking the fight against prescription substance abuse right into the heart of the most affected parts of Kano state using strong community-based approaches. The question arises therefore as to why their efforts haven't been heard by substance-abuse interveners and regulatory bodies especially outside Kano.
This may be due to the two groups' reluctance to have media engagements. In the case of FOMWAN, a track record of rehabilitated addicts has not been established. Funding is also a challenge that both groups are facing. Right now they tax themselves to provide the funds they need to rehabilitate drug abusers.
“Both groups however seem to have clear plans for the future; FOMWAN is in the process of establishing a standard counselling Centre in Kano in the second quarter of 2018 and YAFODA plans to expand their activities to the 19 northern states by the year 2020. Despite the challenges these two organizations face, they are providing effective local alternatives in the persistent fight against drug abuse in Nigeria through their community-focused approaches that identify, engage, counsel and rehabilitate those suffering from drug addiction.”
Efforts such as these by FOMWAN and YAFODA should get the support of the elite of the North, their state governments and the rest of Nigeria. These positive steps are miles removed from the baiting and xenophobic non-scholarship and other efforts at blaming others. Kudos to FOMWAN and YAFODA.
The post #Lazy Nigerian who? appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Wrexham AFC's ‘King of the Kop' has died.
Ian ‘Jacko' Roberts, main singer in the Kop for many years, and later the Glyndwr University Stand, has died at the age of 55 after a long battle with cancer.
Jacko, from Acrefair, was a passionate Reds fan known among supporters for his voice and enthusiasm on the terraces.
And in a fitting nod to his memory, the Racecourse will rise as one in the 55th minute of Wrexham's game against Eastleigh tomorrow, to recognise Jacko, also a member of the Froncysyllte Male Voice Choir, with a minute of applause.
Club director John Mills led the tributes.
He said: “It is with great sadness that we hear of the passing of Ian ‘Jacko' Roberts, a legendary Wrexham AFC fan, but above beyond that, a well-loved and respected friend.
”Jacko was the epitome of loyalty and support of his beloved football team, following them all over the country, and whereever he was, you knew he was there, his would be the first voice you'd hear, starting, leading, and cajoling, until everyone was singing along with him.
”For many, he was ‘King of the Kop', the first influence of many who follow the club, and it shows his standing in his chosen community that young fans who have never even experienced the Kop being open know of him.
”His enthusiasm, commitment and sheer love of life will remain an inspiration to everyone who knew him, know of him, and will follow in his sadly missed steps. RIP Jacko, you'll always be with us.”
A true lifelong supporter, Jacko began his battle in 2013 when he was diagnosed with throat cancer. He missed a lot of games around that time due to ill health and the Racecourse didn't feel the same on match day without him bellowing out a rendition of “Wrexham Lager.”
He made his comeback at the 150th year anniversary game against Grimsby Town in October 2014 and had been attending games since in between his treatments.
A club spokesman said: “All of us here at Wrexham Football Club are extremely saddened to hear about the passing of Ian “Jacko” Roberts at the age of 55.
”His voice is Wrexham and it always will be. Even during the most drab encounter on the field, his voice and enthusiasm for the club could instantly lift the atmosphere and mood.
”Jacko was a kind and gentle man behind all of the singing and will be severely missed by us all here at the club.
”Rest easy Jacko - Forever Red and White. We'll miss you.”
Follow @insidefutbol
Rangers starlet Myles Beerman has conceded that it has been tough for him to be involved with the development squad in the present campaign after tasting first team action last season.
The full-back, who joined the Gers from Manchester City's academy in the summer of 2016, made his senior debut for Rangers in a Scottish Premiership match against Kilmarnock in April.
Beerman went on to make eight appearances in all competitions for Rangers last season and even played in two Old Firm derbies against Celtic; but the 18-year-old is yet to feature for the Gers first team in the present campaign.
And Beerman, who admitted that playing for the development team this term has been tough on him, especially after experiencing first team football in the 2016/17 campaign, however was quick to add that he is staying positive.
“The coaches know what they're doing for my development, so I need to take everything in a positive way and work hard as much as I can”, he told Rangers TV, when asked how he is feeling about playing Under-20s football this season.
“Once you get that taste of first team football and play in front of 50,000 [people] every week, you want to keep on doing that.
“Obviously it is tough because you always want to push on in your career and everything.
“But you have to take it in your stride and say, ‘listen, it's a part of your development' and stay as positive as you can.”
Beerman, whose present contract with Rangers is set to expire next summer, has two senior caps for Malta to his name.
10 on-the-money wallets perfect for stashing your tax refund Orange you glad you did your taxes? Tie up your earnings with a beautiful bow. Faux leather wallet, $53 similar styles at charleskeith.com Currency scales Go for the bold with...
11 spring nail colors to wear now Going rogue Chartreuse ruse Lemon sour Orange you are glad Think pink Lilac love Are you a girlie girl but tired of basic pink shades? Look no further than this pretty...
Rita Ora's 12 most show-stopping looks Rita Ora, 23, is no newbie to rocking stylish designer looks, from her swimsuit shoot to showing up at DKNY's spring 2014 show and performing at the Philipp Plein fall...
Wells Fargo boss Tim Sloan finally found a friendly audience — and all he had to do was fly to Des Moines.
The San Francisco-based bank handily defeated shareholder pressure to limit its CEO's pay, knock off a board member, and study its employee incentives at its annual meeting in Des Moines, Iowa, on Tuesday — a stark turnaround from last year's contentious meeting over the bank's many scandals.
Sloan had even trotted out his son, daughter-in-law, and grandkids — Iowans, all of them — during the meeting at the Marriott in downtown Des Moines, as the CEO tried to put a positive spin on the bank.
“I said it last year and it's still true: rebuilding trust is still our top priority,” Sloan told the audience.
Shareholders overwhelmingly backed the current slate of board members, with nearly 90 percent of the vote. A referendum on executive compensation, including a 35 percent pay raise for Sloan to $17.5 million, passed with 92.4 percent of the vote.
The overwhelming approval comes less than a week after the bank paid $1 billion in fines to federal regulators for years of ripping off mortgage and auto loan customers.
About 100 protestors were in the hotel lobby outside the meeting room, holding signs like “Bring Back Wampum,” a Native American form of currency, Reuters reported.
It wasn't until the end of the meeting that chants of “Wells Fargo is the worst, puts people out of work” erupted from the crowd.
This year's main rabble-rouser was Jonathan Chiang, the Treasurer of California, who took Wells Fargo — and Sloan personally — to task for their role in the bank's many scandals.
“[Sloan] has proven too much a champion of the old guard to be the change agent needed,” Chiang said during the meeting. “It is time for him to go.”
The bank also defeated a shareholder proposal from New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli, which sought to force the bank to make a report on all of the employees who are paid in similar ways to employees who had participated in the fake accounts scandal.
That proposal only got 21 percent of the shareholder vote.
“We need daylight on what Wells Fargo is doing to oversee risky incentive pay practices that have contributed to multiple scandals at the bank,” DiNapoli said in a statement. “As long-term investors, we'll be back next year and expect to gain even stronger support,” he added.
Kelly H: Trump is not saving us from chaos--he IS chaos! He's pitted us against each other, constantly causing controversy, disrespecting anyone who is not like him, and keeping us in upheaval as a nation! NO president has ever acted as immaturely as he has!
CTV Ottawa
Gatineau Fire says one person was taken to hospital after fire at a duplex in Buckingham, Quebec Friday afternoon.
It happened on Dorchester Street around 4:09 p.m.
Gatineau Fire says the person was found unconscious during a search of the building.
Five people will be displaced as a result of the fire.
The cause of the blaze is under investigation.
Why it matters to you Developers should find it easier to make money with their VR applications and users can enjoy new profiles and leaderboards in Unity games.
Buying updates for your virtual reality game without ever leaving it could become much more commonplace following the latest update for HTC's Viveport platform. The new Viveport SDK v 1.5.1 lets developers using the Unity engine offer virtual goods and content directly from within the app, alongside new leaderboard and achievement systems.
Viveport is an alternative virtual reality platform to the likes of Steam, for HTC's Vive VR headset. It has support for all of the same applications but doesn't have quite the same feature set as the more traditional digital games marketplace. This latest update brings a little more feature parity to the two platforms and helps developers keep gamers immersed, even if they want to buy new content.
Another method of monetization has also been added in this SDK release. Known as the VR Ad system, HTC has enabled in-game advertisements that we're told, “engage with a user without compromising the experience.” It's not clear what guise these ads will take, but we do know viewing them can be tracked with “verifiable impressions” to help maximize revenue.
We won't get to see these ads in action just yet though, as this feature is undergoing trials in China as part of its “early launch phase.” Chances are it will be rolled out to other territories and developers, but that may depend on the response of the community following its introduction.
This update wasn't just about making more money in VR though. Additional features now available to Unity developers include a new achievement system designed to encourage exploration, a unified leaderboard system for displaying global and local rankings, and the addition of new user profiles. That latter feature is what binds many of the others together, unifying the user's purchases, scores, and stats under one profile.
Although these new features are only available to developers who are building their VR worlds in the Unity engine, HTC has made it clear that it's also working on bringing that same level of functionality to the Unreal Engine.
If you're a Viveport user, don't forget that the new subscription system lets you download and play five full games a month if you're willing to pay up. It also offers a one-month free trial, to get you hooked.
Bloomberg The latest Google devices include AI components
Customers with questions about their online orders this holiday shopping season may think they're asking a seasonal worker for help, but artificial intelligence (AI) is likely giving them the information they need.
Technology of all kinds is being used on the back end of retail, to organize inventory and manage other operational functions. Whether it's chatting with a bot or with Alexa, AI is also increasingly becoming a part of the consumer-facing shopping process in ways that, at least for now, are about improving customer service.
According to the latest Accenture data, a majority of consumers are already using or would like to use a number of technologies that are powered by AI when shopping, including chatbots (“automated intelligent customer assistance,” 65%), virtually trying on clothing (65%), and voice commerce systems like Google Home GOOG, +1.92% (68%) and Amazon Alexa (71%).
See also: Off-price retailers are starting to cannibalize themselves
And: How Nordstrom is changing the department store game
Personalization, ease and convenience are key to better customer service in retail, whether that's through supply chain management and making sure items are in stock and can be sent to customers in a timely fashion, or through services designed to cater to the preferences of the individual shopper.
“Customers are running into it every day and probably don't know it,” said Pano Anthos, managing director of XRC Labs, an accelerator program that's focused on innovation in retail and consumer goods. “You're on a site and a chat window opens and says ‘hi,' it's probably natural language processing and that's AI.”
To that point, a recent survey from Narvar, a company focused on helping retailers provide exceptional customer experiences, found that 38% of consumers didn't know whether a live chat or messenger app was a human being or AI. Only 10% knew it was not human.
Read: Retailers like Wal-Mart and Best Buy are coming up with new strategies to top two-day delivery
In part, that's because there are specialists training computers to learn nuance and context that can make interactions seem more human-like. For example, a computer can understand that every face has a nose. But, in a world full of noses of different sizes and shapes, “deep learning” takes it to the next level, according to Anthos.
“To strengthen the response, there has to be a comparison to many noses, a way for the machine to make inferences at a faster more complex level,” he said.
Until recently, much of the retail sector's energy has been on getting items to the store rather than to the customer, Anthos said. Now that these companies have turned their attention to getting purchases into customers' hands, the way technology can be used to enhance the customer experience is of paramount importance.
There's even more urgency to get a handle on the customer service uses of AI in light of all the ways in which Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +1.60% continues to make e-commerce the simplest and most personalized shopping experience around.
See also: 20 years after IPO: How Amazon came to dominate books, electronics and the cloud
And: Every time this happens, Amazon crushes another legacy retailer
Still, according to Anthos, retailers are moving too slowly, in part because company leadership isn't used to thinking in terms of a “true digital experience.”
“They're not sitting still, but they're not moving as fast as a startup,” he said. “The problem we're facing now is the consumer is so far ahead of the retailer in terms of their expectations. Mall traffic is so far down, not because of the merchandise, but because the experience hasn't changed.”
There's also a fear of failure, which Anthos says retailers and brands have to get over so they can test new things.
MarketWatch requested comment from a number of retailers, and none complied.
Meanwhile, there are startups that are stepping in to help retailers. Abigail Holtz is the chief executive of Affinity, a company that recently participated in the XRC Labs accelerator and uses technology to understand customers' needs, style and preferences. Executives there describe the company as “Stitch Fix-like.”
Stitch Fix is a personal styling service that asks customers to fill out a profile before receiving specially selected items just for them, giving shoppers the option to keep what they like and send the rest back.
Affinity is focused on scale. Big retailers might want to offer a personalized experience, but without either the technology or the manpower, can't provide it. With technology, that “high-touch” personal shopper experience that has historically been exclusive to luxury shoppers is becoming available to the masses.
But many retail executives are reluctant to jump in too fast.
“Because retailers are resource-constrained and risk-averse, they're interested in what they can do incrementally,” said Holtz, who worked at Google for a number of years before co-founding Affinity. “That's what we've designed.”
As retailers see results, they're more enthusiastic about taking the next step.
“Every point is proving to them that it's delivering,” she said.
Chatbots, which are relatively common nowadays, “are good at answering questions that aren't super nuanced,” she said.
While the technology is charging ahead with greater capabilities, this holiday season will be focused on the ways in which AI can answer those simple questions that shoppers tend to have this time of year, like an update on an order, information about a new product and return policies.
“Customers don't call call centers to place orders,” said Amit Sharma, chief executive of Narvar. “They're generally not happy with the information that's out there and they're calling for more service.”
Don't miss: Everything Google announced at its Pixel event
Most customers who are upset or anxious would probably prefer to talk to a human being to make sure their holiday gifts get where they need to be on time. In that case, the best customer service AI could perform is getting shoppers to a live human being.
But ultimately, the more a machine can do to create a good experience, the better.
“If you think about it, there just aren't enough human beings in any organization that can push enough buttons to make the best experience without machine learning,” said Michael Klein, Adobe's director of industry strategy for retail, travel and hospitality.
The SPDR Retail S&P ETF XRT, +0.75% is down 5% for the year to date while the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.56% is up 14% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.50% is up 14.7% for the period.
Photo: Liverpool man poses at lifeguard hut
I had to take a picture of this one! #22 not on duty… #holiday ✌☀ pic.twitter.com/i1PtX3nodQ — Simon Mignolet (@SMignolet) June 13, 2017
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet has been playing a spot of Baywatch on his summer holidays.
When the Belgium international saw a lifeguard hut bearing his squad number, 22, he could not resist posing alongside it for a picture.
He joked that, like the lifeguard, he was another 22 who was not on duty at the moment as he soaks up some rays on the beach ahead of the 2017/18 campaign.
Mignolet wrote on Twitter: “I had to take a picture of this one! #22 not on duty… #holiday.”
His tweet was accompanied by some suitably holiday-themed emojis.
Private equity billionaire Antony Ressler is prepping a bid for the Los Angeles Clippers, two sources told The Post. Ressler is a co-founder of the Los Angeles investment firm Ares...
SAN ANTONIO - A Bexar County Sheriff's Deputy shot a 17-year-old driver several times early Sunday morning. Deputies said the driver attempted to run them over, led them on a chase and crashed into another car.
It started around 5:30 a.m. near Marbach and Loop 1604 when the deputies were flagged down by a driver who told them they were involved in a road rage incident. The victims told police the suspect was driving a black car.
Deputies found the black car they believe was involved in the road rage incident in a dead end road. That's when deputies said the driver of the black car circled back around and began speeding toward the deputies.
Sheriff Javier Salazar said that the driver struck a patrol vehicle and a deputy, but that the deputy suffered minor injuries. The patrol car, however, was inoperable after the crash.
One of the deputies deployed his stun gun at some point during the confrontation, but Salazar said the stun gun didn't hit the suspect. The deputy then drew his weapon and shot into the car, striking the driver several times.
Deputies said the driver managed to speed away despite his injuries.
The second deputy caught up to the driver a short distance away and began pursuing the car. Deputies said the driver hit another car head-on, but the crash only disabled the other person's car and injured the driver, not the suspect's car.
Salazar said the deputy continued to pursue the car and that the deputy's car and the suspect's car collided at Highway 90 and Kriewald., immobilizing both cars.
The driver was discovered to have a 17-year-old female passenger who suffered minor injuries.
Salazar said the suspect may have been armed, but that they have not completed a search of the vehicle.
"If (the driver) survives he's facing several serious felony charges," Salazar said. "At this point we don't know if it'll be handled as attempted capital murder or aggravated assault on a public servant, but certainly facing a litany of charges."
Salazar said the female passenger is not expected to face any charges and that investigators will interview her to determine what led up to the pursuit.
Copyright 2017 by KSAT - All rights reserved.
NASHVILLE — The Latest on a shooting at Tennessee restaurant that left four dead (all times local):
10:50 a.m.
A Nashville judge has revoked the bond of a man accused of killing four people at a Waffle House restaurant.
Court records show that a judge struck the $2 million bond for Travis Reinking until a hearing can be held Wednesday. The records did not give a reason why General Sessions Judge Michael Mondelli revoked the bond.
Reinking has been charged with four counts of criminal homicide. Police say the 29-year-old man opened fire outside the restaurant with an AR-15 rifle and then stormed the restaurant, wearing only a green jacket. Four other people were injured in the shooting.
An attorney listed as Reinking's lawyer did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment.
——
12:01 a.m.
Police say Travis Reinking had stolen a BMW from a Nashville area car dealer last week. They discovered it outside the apartment where he lived and hauled it away. But they didn't figure out who had stolen the car until after tragedy struck.
By then, police say, the 29-year-old with a troubled past had shot four people to death in a Waffle House not far from where he lived. If not for the efforts of a customer who wrestled the gun away, many more would have died.
His arrest ended a manhunt that involved more than 160 law enforcement officers. But it left troubling questions about his behaviour before the shooting unanswered.
Those questions included what might have led him to the carnage he is said to have unleashed at the Waffle House.
Tesla Inc.'s stock surged to a six-week high on Monday, climbing above two widely followed moving averages for the first time in weeks, in apparent defiance of an impending bearish technical event known as a “death cross.”
The electric carmaker's shares TSLA, +4.37% ran up 4.4%, to close at the highest level since Oct. 31. They closed above the 200-day moving average for the first time since Nov. 1, and above the 50-day moving average for the first time since Oct. 18.
The 200-day moving average is seen by many chart watchers as a dividing line between longer-term uptrends and downtrends. The 50-day moving average is viewed by many as a short-term trend tracker.
The stock's rally likely comes one day before the 50-day moving average crosses below the 200-day moving average, referred to many as a “death cross.” The idea is, the “cross” marks the spot that a shorter-term decline morphs into a longer-term downtrend.
FactSet, MarketWatch
The 50-day moving average fell to $325.59 on Monday from $325.86 on Friday, while the 200-day rose to $325.36 from $324.95, according to FactSet.
Technical signals derived from moving averages aren't always good market-timing tools, because they are often telegraphed, and don't have a great success rate. For example, the stock tumbled 6.8% to a six-month low on Nov. 2, when it closed below its 200-day moving average for the first time since Dec. 30, but that marked the latest bottom for the stock.
And after the July 7, 2016, death cross appeared, the stock continued to rise through the appearance of a bullish “golden cross” -- when the 50-day moving average crosses above the 200-day moving average -- just two weeks later. That bullish cross also failed to trigger an uptrend, as the stock peaked a week later.
Don't miss: As Apple's ‘death cross' turns 1, the stock heads toward a ‘golden cross.'
But there have been a few instances in which death crosses preceded further sharp declines. The last one appeared on Oct. 5, 2016, when the stock closed at $208.46. It tumbled another 13% before bottoming at $181.47 nearly two months later.
FactSet, MarketWatch
After the Nov. 16, 2015, death cross, the stock chopped higher by as much as 12% in two weeks, but then plunged to bottom 33% lower in mid-February. The one before that, which appeared Jan. 12, 2015, the stock fell, bounced and fell again, eventually bottoming 8.5% lower 2 1/2-months later.
In other words, bet on a death cross, or defy them, at your own risk.
The stock has been volatile the past few months, as optimism over apparent strong demand for its new electric Semi big rigs followed concerns over competition and that production issues could sap demand for mass-market Model 3 sedans.
Don't miss: Tesla unveils sleek electric big rig with 500-mile range.
See also: Tesla's junk bonds are trading underwater--and it could spell trouble for Elon Musk.
Many analysts are also concerned over the stock's valuation, as it has outperformed its automaker rivals this year even though the company has reported wider-than-expected losses in three of the past four quarters. The average rating of the 28 analysts surveyed by FactSet is the equivalent of hold, with the average price target of $305.55 about 7% below current levels.
Tesla's stock has lost 14.6% since the Sept. 18 record close of $385, but was still up 53.9% year to date. In comparison, shares of rival automakers General Motors Co. GM, -0.83% have rallied 19.6% and Ford Motor Co. F, -0.24% have gained 3.7% so far this year, while the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.32% has climbed 18.8%.
Kelly H: Trump is not saving us from chaos--he IS chaos! He's pitted us against each other, constantly causing controversy, disrespecting anyone who is not like him, and keeping us in upheaval as a nation! NO president has ever acted as immaturely as he has!
Online retailer Amazon.com Inc. started issuing refunds to consumers who bought certain brands of eclipse glasses after reports that counterfeits were flooding the market.
On Aug. 21, a total solar eclipse will traverse 14 states in the continental U.S., and most of the country will be able to see at least a partial eclipse. Staring at the partially covered sun without protective gear can cause vision loss, according to scientists.
“Out of an abundance of caution and in the interests of our customers, we asked third-party sellers that were offering solar eclipse glasses to provide documentation to verify their products were compliant with relevant safety standards,” Amazon AMZN, +1.58% said in a statement. It kept offers from sellers that provided documentation, and removed the others. Customers of sellers that didn't provide documentation were notified last week of the refund.
Dozens of models of glasses to view the eclipse are being sold in stores and across the internet for as little as $1 a pair. Tens of millions have been sold in recent months. The glasses must meet strict safety standards.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Merck CEO quits Trump advisory council in ‘stance against intolerance and extremism'
Airlines dial up pampering for business class.
Cam Newton apology: "Word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful towards women"
Panthers' Cam Newton apologizes for "degrading" comments towards female reporter
0:41
CLASSIC RACE NÜRBURGRING 2017
I had a great new experience at the Classic Race Days on the Nürburgring. So many beautiful old cars, the emotions of the gentleman driver, the smell of gasoline, oil, rubber, brakes from the old vehicle brings me back to the good old times " THE GOLDEN YEARS OF MOTORSPORT". See here my images
follow me on https://www.instagram.com/official_esphotoarts/
HEARTFELT tributes have been paid to “the bravest kid ever”, who has lost his battle with cancer.
Jaxon Langford, who was six, died on Saturday evening at his home in Bradley, Wrexham – just hours after enjoying a trip to the cinema and McDonald's.
The Wrexham AFC and North Wales Crusaders fan was diagnosed with stage four neuroblastoma in 2015 and he received support from all over Wrexham – as well as further afield – throughout his battle with the illness.
Jaxon's dad Gareth Langford told the Leader yesterday that he, his wife Danielle Brindley-Langford and their family, were devastated by their tragic loss but they wished to thank the community for their continued support.
Mr Langford said: “We went to the cinema in the morning and McDonald's. Then we came home and he had a sleep.
“The nurse was with him in the afternoon and she said he looked great, but he died that night. It was a shock.
“We would like to thank Wrexham as a town for everything they have done for him.
“He had a smile on his face permanently and that is all through the kindness of others from Wrexham and elsewhere.
“Without them we couldn't have done what we did.”
Events organised to support and raise funds for Jaxon included a football match between legends teams from Wrexham AFC and Cefn Druids, a fun run at Alyn Waters Country Park organised by children from Wrexham Pupil Referral Service and a sponsored superhero walk by Jaxon's fellow pupils at Gwersyllt Community Primary School.
Jaxon joined Reds boss Dean Keates in helping launch the fun run, having been a match mascot earlier this year for the home match against Tranmere Rovers.
A tribute posted on the family's Facebook page Jaxon's Story, which received hundreds of replies from those expressing condolences, read: “We had the opportunity to make some fantastic memories we will never forget thanks to so many people.
“Jaxon had a good day and gave us all a kiss goodnight and said ‘I love you' to us all. He was in no pain and it was very quick.
“Sleep tight king Jaxon – the bravest kid ever.”
In a Facebook post, a spokesman for Wrexham AFC's Junior Dragons group said: “All at the Junior Dragons and Wrexham Football Club are devastated to learn of the passing of Jaxon Langford.
“Jaxon had bravely battled cancer for more than two years and and never let his illness prevent him from enjoying life.
“Jaxon was a regular visitor to the Racecourse along with his family, and back in April we were delighted to welcome him as a mascot for our game against Tranmere.
“Our thoughts go out to his family at this sad time. Rest in peace Jaxon.”
Mr Langford said his son was also a big fan of rugby and a member of the North Wales Crusaders rugby league club.
He said: “He loved his rugby and they gave him such a warm welcome at the Crusaders. They really made him part of the team.
“He was such a great boy. He loved life and going out and about.”
By Clayton Johns
OHSWEKEN, Ont. (July 4, 2018) – Ohsweken Speedway is eager to kick-start the month of July with another night of thrilling Friday Night Excitement as O'Neil Farm Equipment and Case IH Agriculture present Frankie Turkey Memorial Night on Friday, July 6. The night will be run in honour of the late Frankie Turkey, uncle to track owner Glenn Styres, who passed away following a car accident at just 27 years of age. Frankie introduced Glenn to auto racing at a young age, and remains an inspiration for many parts of Glenn's business – including the track's trademark orange colour. All four Ohsweken weekly divisions are in action, including the headlining Kool Kidz-Corr/Pak 360 Sprint Cars, Strickland's GMC Crate Sprint Cars, Middleport Mechanical Thunder Stocks and the HRW Automotive Mini Stocks. Race time is 7:30pm with grandstand gates opening at 6:00pm. Adult admission is just $14 while Seniors (65+) and Youths (13-17) are only $10. Kids aged 7-12 are only $3 and Kids 6 and under are free. This pricing is in effect for all weekly Friday Night Excitement shows in 2018. Kool Kidz-Corr/Pak 360 Sprint Cars After his runner-up finish last week, Dylan Westbrook reclaimed the point lead and now holds a 29-point advantage over Cory Turner. Jim Huppunen currently occupies third in the standings, but is just three pints ahead of Tyler Hendricks. Mack DeMan vaulted into the top five in the standings on the strength of his first career 360 Sprint Car win last Friday night. Mike Thorne, Ryan Turner, Steve Lyons, Chris Steele and Jamie Turner complete the current top-10. Strickland's GMC Crate Sprint Cars The Strickland's' GMC Crate Sprint Car point leader remains Jesse Costa, who holds a 14-point lead over Lucas Smith, who earned a second-place finish last week. Shone Evans is third in the standings, 15 points back of Smith and a single marker ahead of last Friday's winner, Holly Porter. Hannah Ferrell rounds out the top-five. Opening night winner Aaron Turkey is sixth while Jerry Hill, Rob Neely, Dereck Lemyre and Brad Herron round out the top-10. Middleport Mechanical Thunder Stocks The Middleport Mechanical Thunder Stocks have a tie at the top of the standings. Logan Shwedyk's third-place finish allowed him to tie Dave Bailey with 435 points after Bailey battled through a pair of flat tires to a 10th-place finish last week. Billy Bleich Jr. sits third, 13 points off the lead and two points ahead of Ken Sargent. Trevor DeBoer is fifth, only six points behind Sargent. Mark Bazuin, Jim Lampman, Ryan Beagle, Christopher Hale and Ryan Dinning complete the current top-10. HRW Automotive Mini Stocks Sean Iftody has taken over the point lead for the HRW Automotive Mini Stocks after Nick Masi suffered a DNF last Friday. Iftody's lead is five points over Masi. Gillian Hils sits third in the standings, 15 points ahead of Matt Nuell. Dusty DeBoer trails Nuell by six points in the fifth position. Jonathan Ayrton, Martin Schroeder, Dale Millard, Kyle Wert and Mike Sarantakos round out the current top-10.
A nurse for Daviess County Public Schools has been named the 2018 Kentucky School Nurse of the year.
According to a press release from the school corporation, Sheila Estes, R.N., will be recognized by the Kentucky School Nurse Association at their annual conference in July.
“I wouldn't be where I am today without the support of family and the DCPS health services team,” Estes said.
Estes serves as school nurse at East View, Meadow Lands and Whitesville elementary schools.
“At each of the schools I serve, I consider myself part of a team that strives to provide quality education to students,” Estes said. “My job on the team is to assess and evaluate students' medical needs that may create a barrier to learning, and to make recommendations and referrals to help them become physically, emotionally, mentally and socially healthy. Dr Joyce Elders said, ‘You cannot educate a child who is not healthy, and you cannot keep a child healthy who is not educated.' I am proud to be a DCPS school nurse and proud to be honored as the Kentucky School Nurse of the Year.”
Wendi Kozel, R.N., who serves as the DCPS district health coordinator, said, “Sheila has been a wonderful asset to our district in her role as a school nurse. She has a heart for our students and provides a loving touch to all she serves. It is with great excitement and pride that we celebrate this award with Sheila.”
Meadow Lands Elementary School principal Kevin Lowe applauded Estes for her committed and consistent contributions to student health and well-being.
“Sheila Estes demonstrates a commitment to the students and staff at each building at such a level that she will put the needs of others in front of her own needs,” Lowe said. “Even on days when she is not assigned to work at Meadow Lands, Sheila will call me or the school office to check on a child's blood sugar levels or other concerns. There are no ‘off days' for Sheila as she has a genuine love for students, staff and families.”
Copyright 2018 WFIE. All rights reserved.
ORWELL, Ohio (WYTV) – Two state Senators — Steve Wilson and Sean O'Brien — braved the rain for a long walk Friday, all to showcase the beautiful trails the area has to offer.
The Ohio Legislative Trails Caucus wrapped up its inaugural two-day hike through Ashtabula and Trumbull counties Friday afternoon.
OLTC is a bipartisan group of state legislators who share a commitment to developing, maintaining and preserving the 4,000 miles of hiking and biking trails in the state.
“Ohio has an incredible system of trails and we want to highlight that,” said Wilson, Republican Sen. of District 7.
“By having these trails in our community, it's not only quality of life, but it's an economic benefit,” said O'Brien, Democratic Sen. of District 32. “And that just helps drive it home.”
The group walked more than 20 miles of trails in the hike's two days.
HALIFAX — Police in Halifax say a pedestrian who was struck by a car has been ticketed for allegedly failing to activate the lights at a crosswalk.
They say a male pedestrian was struck by a car at a marked crosswalk equipped with amber lighting on Saturday night.
Halifax Regional Police say the pedestrian failed to activate the crossing lights before entering the roadway.
They say witnesses confirmed that the lights were not flashing at the time of the incident, and officers made sure the lights were in working order.
They say the pedestrian was sent to hospital for treatment, but his life is not thought to be in danger.
He was issued a ticket under a section of the Motor Vehicle Act that prohibits entering a crosswalk without activating the lights if they're available.
Dark secret found in barn at bed-and-breakfast It's a picture-perfect bed-and- breakfast in a sleepy Orange County town — with a very disturbing secret. The owners of Silent Farm Bed and Breakfast are accused of housing a...
8 cheap weekend escapes near New York City As the mercury begins to rise, now's the time to emerge from hibernation and head out of town. But rather than journey hundreds or thousands of miles from home, stay...
How to have sex at a B&B without everyone hearing You've planned a romantic weekend getaway for two with your beau at a cozy bed and breakfast, but when it's time to get busy, you begin to realize that the 19th-century...
We think you're stupid and other confessions of a B&B owner Plenty of people dream about quitting their day job, buying that fixer-upper farmhouse, and opening a bed-and-breakfast. Those B&B owners seem so happy. Well, everything isn't quite as idyllic as...
'It was a special night for every England fan - we're not ready to come home yet'
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
From Darin Short
GREENVILLE, Tx (March 19, 2018) – As we are getting ready for this Friday and Saturday's Waco and Cleveland (TX) NCRA Sprint Car Bandits (SCB) series events presented by Blaine's Motor Supply, the following Saturday, the series returns to Superbowl Speedway near Greenville, Texas Saturday, March 31st at 8pm. A full field of quality 360C.I. sprint car teams from throughout the region are expected.
The event will pay $2,000 to the 25-lap feature winners, $1,000 for second place and pays down generously to $300 to start each event (see below for complete breakdown). All non-qualifiers or non-starters will each receive $100. There is no entry fee, no series membership fee and just a $15 nightly draw fee. Drivers should go to www.SprintCarBandits.com prior to arrival for complete rules and procedures information.
Superbowl Speedway has produced excellent Sprint Car Bandits racing every time the series has visited the ¼ mile dirt oval. Just last June, at one point in a SCB heat race, there was a 5-wide battle for the lead; which is quite a feat for any division at any track. We're looking forward to another great night of racing on March 31st.
Superbowl Speedway is located at 437 FM 1903 Greenville, TX and is quite easy to get to. Take the ‘FM 1903′ exit off I-30 (exit 87, about 45 miles from downtown Dallas), then head east 3 miles and you will run into the track. The main entrance is first and is for race fans going to the stands. The second exit off corner 4 is for the pit entrance. On race day, the track phone number is (903) 883-2504 or click www.facebook.com/superbowlspeedway for the track Facebook page. The first green flag on Saturday March 31st is slated for 8pm.
25-lap SCB feature race payback for this event: $2,000, $1,000, $600, $500, $400, $390, $380, $370, $360, $350, $340, $330, $320, $310, $300, $300, $300, $300, $300, $300. $100 for non-qualifiers or non-starters. No entry fee or series membership fee; $15 draw-in fee.
Note all sprint car teams that sign in will draw for heat race starting positions, regardless of their engine C.I. displacement, and will receive passing points to determine their straight-up from points feature race starting position. All drivers make sure to read the posted rules at the series website prior to heading to the track.
We would like to thank the sponsors of the Sprint Car Bandits series: Blaine's Motor Supply, Rodd Hanna's Air Performance, A&M Glass Service, Palm Harbor Homes, Kustom Craft Exhibits, Gen-Tech at FixYourGenerator.com, Mow Time in Farmersville, RockAuto.com, Pro-Tech Service Co., Scott Baylor Racing Engines, American Elevator Technologies, South Dallas Battery & Electric Co., Gary Floyd Homes, Utility Trailer of Dallas, Inc., DFW Urethane, Valvoline Express Care of Seagoville and the SCB points fund is sponsored by Smiley's Racing Products & Hoosier Tire Southwest.
With each SCB sponsor announcement, the series can continue to implement one of its primary missions, and that is adding to the already excellent competitor purses. If you noticed, the SCB 2016 minimum guaranteed purse was $1,200 to win and $300 to start – yet every event paid more than that. Our 2017 purses never fell below $2,000 to win and $300/start at any event – all due to these sponsorship commitments! Our goal is to continue with the same plan for the 2018 season.
If your business is interested in getting involved with the SCB series, please contact Mary Lang directly at: SteveLang14@gmail.com or by calling 469-474-8234. There are effective programs available for all sizes of budgets.
The SCB series has a unique rules package that allows teams to use their current equipment (especially in the engine compartment) yet curbing nightly tire expense…which helps equalize the competition, with teams of varying budget sizes. That rules package certainly has the vote of many of the drivers in the DFW area, as 70 competed with the series in 2017.
Between the lower operating cost of the SCB series and the addition of sponsor funds into nightly purses, it is allowing more area race tracks to book events – which all translates into DFW area fans getting to see quality sprint car race at a lower grandstand ticket price.
When you combine those components with lower nightly competitor operating purses, it all equals one thing: the new Sprint Car Bandits series!
Click www.SprintCarBandits.com for the latest in series news – including the brand-new event flyers for Heart O' Texas (March 23), 105 Speedway (March 24) and Superbowl Speedway (March 31). You can also reach the SCB on Facebook, at www.Facebook.com/SprintCarBandits
Today in History
Today is Monday, Dec. 11, the 345th day of 2017. There are 20 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On Dec. 11, 1917, British Gen. Edmund Allenby entered Jerusalem two days after his forces expelled the Ottoman Turks; in a show of respect, Allenby and his officers made their way into the Holy City on foot.
On this date:
In 1602, forces sent by the Duke of Savoy attempted to seize the walled city-state of Geneva by scaling the wall with ladders; however, the Genevans were able to repel the invaders.
In 1792, France's King Louis XVI went before the Convention to face charges of treason. (Louis was convicted, and executed the following month.)
In 1816, Indiana became the 19th state.
In 1936, Britain's King Edward VIII abdicated the throne so he could marry American divorcee Wallis Warfield Simpson; his brother, Prince Albert, became King George VI.
In 1941, Germany and Italy declared war on the United States; the U.S. responded in kind.
In 1946, the United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund (UNICEF) was established.
In 1957, the movie “Peyton Place,” based on the novel by Grace Metalious, had its world premiere in Camden, Maine, where most of it was filmed.
In 1961, a U.S. aircraft carrier carrying Army helicopters arrived in Saigon — the first direct American military support for South Vietnam's battle against Communist guerrillas.
In 1972, Apollo 17's lunar module landed on the moon with astronauts Eugene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt aboard; during three extravehicular activities (EVAs), they became the last two men to date to step onto the lunar surface.
In 1980, President Jimmy Carter signed legislation creating a $1.6 billion environmental “superfund” to pay for cleaning up chemical spills and toxic waste dumps. “Magnum P.I.,” starring Tom Selleck, premiered on CBS.
In 1997, more than 150 countries agreed at a global warming conference in Kyoto, Japan, to control the Earth's greenhouse gases.
In 2008, financier Bernie Madoff was arrested, accused of running a multibillion-dollar Ponzi scheme. (Madoff is serving a 150-year federal prison sentence.)
Ten years ago: Two car bombs in Algeria, including one targeting the U.N. refugee agency's offices, killed 37 people, 17 of them U.N. employees; Al-Qaida's self-styled North African branch claimed responsibility. The Senate Intelligence Committee took closed-door testimony from CIA Director Michael Hayden on how videotapes of terror suspect interrogations were made, then destroyed.
Five years ago: The Michigan Legislature gave final approval to a pair of right-to-work bills that were quickly signed by Republican Gov. Rick Snyder amid angry protests by union members and their supporters. A gunman opened fire in the Clackamas Town Center, a shopping mall in suburban Portland, Oregon, killing two people and wounding another before killing himself. Former NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue (TAG'-lee-uh-boo) overturned the suspensions of four New Orleans Saints players in the league's bounty investigation but said three of the players had engaged in conduct detrimental to the league.
One year ago: President-elect Donald Trump called a recent CIA assessment of Russian hacking in the U.S. election “ridiculous” and said he wasn't interested in getting daily intelligence briefings, telling “Fox News Sunday”: “I get it when I need it.”
Today's Birthdays: Actor Jean-Louis Trintignant is 87. Actress Rita Moreno is 86. Pop singer David Gates (Bread) is 77. Actress Donna Mills is 77. Former Sen. Max Baucus, D-Mont., is 76. Former U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is 74. Singer Brenda Lee is 73. Actress Lynda Day George is 73. Music producer Tony Brown is 71. Actress Teri Garr is 70. Movie director Susan Seidelman is 65. Actress Bess Armstrong is 64. Singer Jermaine Jacksun is 63. Rock musician Mike Mesaros (The Smithereens) is 60. Rock musician Nikki Sixx (Motley Crue) is 59. Rock musician Darryl Jones (The Rolling Stones) is 56. Actor Ben Browder is 55. Singer-musician Justin Currie (Del Amitri) is 53. Rock musician David Schools (Hardworking Americans, Gov't Mule, Widespread Panic) is 53. Actor Gary Dourdan (DOOR'-dan) is 51. Actress-comedian Mo'Nique is 50. Actor Max Martini is 48. Rapper-actor Mos Def is 44. Actor Rider Strong is 38. Actress Xosha (ZOH'-shah) Roquemore is 33. Actress Karla Souza is 31. Actress Hailee Steinfeld is 21.
Thought for Today: “The fear of life is the favourite disease of the twentieth century.” — William Lyon Phelps, American educator and journalist (1865-1943).
So you've finally decided to buy bitcoin — join the line.
As the price of the red-hot cryptocurrency continues to march inexorably higher, most of us are sitting around wishing we'd bought some a year or even a week ago.
The cryptocurrency is clearly volatile — over the weekend, it lost around one-fifth of its value in just 10 hours, while it surged from less than $16,000 to $19,500 in under an hour.
But according to CoinDesk, bitcoin's value has now more than doubled in the past month alone to reach a total market capitalization of more than $300 billion.
Assuming the price isn't about to crash — and that's a big assumption — and the fear of missing out has finally gotten too much, what exactly do you do?
“The most popular way is to find an online exchange, where you would then need to register, create an account and upload 100 points of ID,” said Martin Davidson, co-founder of the Melbourne-based not-for-profit Blockchain Center.
“You then transfer money to your exchange account, and you'll be able to buy bitcoin or any of the cryptocurrencies on that exchange.”
The most commonly recommended and largest exchange is CoinBase, based in San Francisco, but the site has been slammed by “unprecedented” traffic and new account sign-ups causing error messages, login problems and even a temporary outage on Friday.
Once you've signed up and taken the plunge, the exchange will then create a “crypto wallet,” the virtual address which exists on the blockchain and holds your bitcoin. Each wallet has a public address, like a bank account number, and unique private cryptographic key, sort of like your PIN.
If you lose your key, your bitcoin is gone forever.
While there are a lot of reputable exchanges out there, there is always the possibility they could be hacked — and they have no insurance — so it's not a good idea to leave your crypto on an exchange platform.
Once you've bought your bitcoin — or more realistically, a fraction of a bitcoin — Davidson recommends moving it to a mobile wallet app like Airbitz, or for extra security using an offline “hardware” wallet like the Trezor.
Due to limitations of the network, transferring bitcoin between wallets is not instant — it can take anything between 10 minutes to an hour — but you can monitor all blockchain transactions in real-time by going to Blockchain.info and pasting in the address you're sending to or from.
“Bitcoins can be divided to eight decimal places so you can have a 100-millionth of a bitcoin,” Davidson said. “One bitcoin can be made up of several smaller transactions, each having their own private key attached to the different wallets.”
Davidson said it was important to remember that despite the vast amounts of money pouring into bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, it was experimental technology and the future price was “in no way guaranteed.”
But he pointed out that it was “not just the crazies, crooks and drug dealers” who were backing the currency, with the likes of Richard Branson, the Winklevoss twins and Silicon Valley venture capitalist Tim Draper — who bought $30 million worth of seized Silk Road bitcoin in a US government auction when the price was $500 — all seeing the long-term potential.
“It's not like stocks where you determine the value based on annual sales,” he said. “The potential for cryptocurrencies' future value is unbounded, because potentially every man, woman and child that has access to the internet can also use crypto.”
Meanwhile, another day brings another raft of dire bitcoin warnings.
In its latest “Outrageous Predictions” report, SaxoBank has tipped bitcoin to peak in 2018 above $60,000 with a market capitalisation of over $1 trillion, led by a “groundswell” of activity off the back of the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) and Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) launching futures trading this month.
Bitcoin futures, which will allow investors to bet on the rise or fall of the currency, will add a layer of regulatory oversight and allow larger institutional investors to begin pouring money into the sector.
But in SaxoBank's scenario, bitcoin before long “finds the rug torn out from under it” by Russia and China moving to “deftly sideline and even prohibit non-sanctioned cryptocurrencies domestically.”
“Russia officially enters the cryptocurrency mining space to influence protocol developments and shift the focus away from bitcoin in an effort to keep more Russian capital onshore,” SaxoBank analysts write.
“China makes a similar move, cracking down on cryptocurrencies by banning the mining of the most popular ones within China, citing energy waste and environmental concerns, but likewise fearing the risk of bitcoin as a vehicle for capital flight.
“Instead, China launches an officially backed cryptocurrency that entails less energy-intensive mining.”
“The smoother functioning of the state-run protocols for actual payments and price stability, as well as the heavy hand of state intervention, drives a decreasing interest in all cryptocurrencies and completely sidelines the bitcoin and crypto phenomenon from a price speculation angle even as the technological promise of the blockchain gallops on.”
The result? “After its spectacular peak in 2018, bitcoin crashes and limps into 2019 close to its fundamental ‘production cost' of $1,000,” SaxoBank warns.
It came as Royal Bank of Scotland governor Sir Howard Davis joined the anti-bitcoin chorus. “Put up the sign from Dante's Inferno — ‘Abandon hope all ye who enter here' — I think that's probably what's needed,” he told Bloomberg TV.
He argued the Bank of England should coordinate with the US Federal Reserve, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the European Central Bank to tackle the problem, arguing bitcoin futures were a bad idea.
“I'm not quite sure that [the exchanges] know enough about what [bitcoin] is,” he said, adding it would be “a very risky move in reputational terms”.
Video
More searches for lip filling are made in one northern city than anywhere else in the UK, according to Google Trends.
The NHS advises the cosmetic procedure should be performed by a qualified and reputable practitioner, warning it can cause issues such as swelling or infection.
This clip is originally from BBC Radio 5 live.
It's a good thing for Johnny Manziel that Barry Switzer isn't the general manager of the Texans. It's a good thing for the Texans, too. After saying earlier in the...
A bird (flying up the center of the image) crosses the face of the sun at the same time as the International Space Station (diagonal path) in this composite image released Oct. 4, 2017, by the European Space Agency. The astronomy club at the agency's European Space Astronomy Centre near Madrid, Spain, took the photo in 2013.
Talk about timing! Photographers with the European Space Agency hoping to spot the International Space Station crossing the face of the sun got more than they bargained for in this sunny snapshot.
In the photo, which was taken in 2013 but only released by ESA on Wednesday (Oct. 4), a bird crosses the sun at the same exact time as the space station. The entire photo session lasted just 1.2 seconds, making it a challenge for the astronomy club at ESA's European Space Astronomy Centre near Madrid, Spain. [In Photos: Spotting Satellites and Spaceships from Earth]
"It requires planning, patience and a measure of luck," ESA officials wrote in an image description. "The camera must be set up at the right time in the right place to capture the Space Station as it flies past at 28,800 km/h [17,900 mph]. At such speeds the photographer has only seconds to capture the transit, and if any clouds block the view, [they'd have] to wait for another opportunity weeks later."
While the skies were clear of clouds for this station-sun photo, at least one feathered flyer was in the viewing area.
"The station flies around Earth at [a distance of] around 400 kilometers [about 250 miles], allowing the astronomy club to calculate that the bird was flying 86 meters [280 feet] from the camera lens," ESA officials wrote. "The difference in size and distance makes both the bird and the space station appear the same size."
When the space station crosses the face of the sun, it is known as solar transit. Such transits can also occur other planets or stars, or with Earth's moon, as in this case of this stunning view of the station crossing the nearly full Harvest Moon captured this week by photographer Alexander Krivenyshev.
Editor's note: If you have an amazing photo of the full moon or any other night-sky sight that you'd like to share with us and our news partners for a possible story or image gallery, please contact managing editor Tariq Malik at spacephotos@space.com.
Email Tariq Malik at tmalik@space.com or follow him @tariqjmalik and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – Outdoor public spaces and open air venues are such a big part of the city's culture and quality of life; it's hard to imagine Louisville without them. Until the mass killings in Las Vegas, it was also hard to imagine someone using an outdoor event to do so much harm.
Kelly Jones, Deputy Director of Louisville Metro Emergency Services, is the former LMPD commander of the Special Operations Division. It was his job to protect crowds at some of the biggest outdoor events in this part of the country.
Jones said the mass shooting in Las Vegas will have police taking a new look at potential threats from high vantage points.
“No one ever planned to see a man knock out those hotel windows and do that the way that he did,” Jones said. “That is not something that anyone could have ever fathomed. We have to find the highest points. What's the best point to see? How do we get elevated? What can the bad guy see, someone who is intent on doing evil?"
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Oxmoor Center Sears to close
+ Worker killed in LG&E/KU coal ash pond identified
+ LMPD officer involved in recent crash previously suspended for bad driving
For LMPD, Jones has had to secure open places like the infield at Derby and the Oaks, and countless outdoor concerts.
Louisville's riverfront was developed just for special events and bringing people together in large numbers. Thunder Over Louisville draws hundreds of thousands of people, many in line of sight from high-rise downtown buildings.
Jones said event attendees should take steps to protect their own safety by asking themselves a couple of questions.
“Is there a place where I can take cover? Where is the closest place where I can find safety?” Jones said. “ I think it's incumbent upon folks who attend events to look around them and know where they are.”
Jones said a lot of work already goes into event security and the public might be surprised to find out how many plainclothes officers are in the crowd with them.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Julian Marley, Capleton, Mavado, Sizzla, DMX, Charly Black, Matamba And Kreesha Turner to perform at 9 Mile Festival March 11th at the Historic Virginia Key Beach Park
MIAMI – Smilin Island Food is pleased to present the 24th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival.
The event will be held on March 11th at the beautiful Historic Virginia Key Beach Park located at 4020 Virginia Beach Drive, Miami. Doors will open at 1pm, rain or shine.
9 Mile Music Festival will be hosted by Lance'O of Kulcha Shok Muzic and will include performances by DMX, Julian Marley, Capleton, Mavado, Sizzla, Kreesha Turner, Charly Black, Matamba, DJ sets by Jahstream and Mighty Crown, and more.
Further lineup announcements will be made soon.
Besides the music, there will be a holistic village with services such as acupuncture, massages, and yoga, as well as nutritionists and life coaches. They will also have body painting and a drum circle on the beach.
Although 9 Mile Music Festival is an adult festival, children under 10 enter free as long as they are escorted by a guardian.
Expect a day full of music, many different cultures, foods and drinks: from Jamaican jerk chicken and other popular Jamaican dishes to Latin food, arepas, pizza, Chinese food, fresh salads and vegetarian food.
To keep up the tradition, a donation of 4 canned goods is still required for entry. This practice has been going on since the very first edition of 9 Mile Festival 24 years ago, and all goods are contributed to charity.
This year the 9 Mile Music Festival will support Kurlys House & Food for Life.
The Trump administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets, and how much to charge.
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for President Trump to decide whether he will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act but that some Republicans have opposed.
The payments — known as cost-sharing reduction payments — reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they're required by law to offer to low-income customers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $7 billion.
Trump has said he may end the reimbursements, which he calls "bailouts," and has been leaving insurers to wonder month to month about whether they will receive a check.
A White House spokesman says Trump is "working with his staff and his Cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments."
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it is offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments. In a memo Friday, the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they won't be reimbursed.
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments, their rates will see double-digit increases. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent.
And Marc Harrison, CEO of Intermountain Healthcare, which covers 173,000 people in Idaho and Utah, says premium increases could be "astonishing."
Still, he says, his company will stick with the Obamacare markets. "These are our patients. We're not going anywhere. We're going to keep trying to figure this out."
The HHS memo says "there have been no changes regarding HHS's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers."
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments.
The changes are technical and complex, but Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University's law school, says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion.
"We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind," he says.
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office.
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Barack Obama, saying the payments were illegal because Congress hadn't appropriated money for them. A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal.
Now that Trump is in the White House, and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed, many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets.
Brad Pitt's new military movie is at war with itself The new Netflix movie “War Machine” is half dark, deliciously topical political satire and half somber portrait of a flailing counterinsurgency effort. The two don't mesh well, and given the...
Deaths shadow Broadway's latest ‘Liaisons' There was a twinge of sadness at the opening Sunday of “Les Liaisons Dangereuses.” Those associated with the original 1987 Broadway production couldn't help but think of two people who...
Ben Kingsley's 'Learning to Drive' is a nice ride After her life gets upended by her husband's adultery, a neurotic middle-aged bibliophile decides to regain peace and balance by the most contrarian means imaginable: She takes driving lessons in...
Image copyright Presseye Image caption Stephen Maguire (right) used to coach Paralympics star Jason Smyth
Never before has a British team won a world sprint gold, but now they can give thanks to their NI coach for achieving that dream.
Appointed as Head of Power in 2014, Stephen Maguire's mission was to oversee British athletics sprint, hurdles and relay programmes.
On Saturday, Great Britain's men claimed a stunning 4x100m relay gold at the World Championships in London.
On Sunday, Britain won silver in the women's 4x400m and bronze in the men's.
But the 53-year-old native of Strabane is no stranger to success.
He coached Ireland's Paralympics star Jason Smyth for many years, before taking up a role with Scottish athletics as director of coaching in 2012.
'Sprint Kings'
Maguire's former boss, Scottish athletics chief executive Nigel Holl, praised his "excellent impact".
"His influence in the two years leading in towards the Commonwealth Games has been significant," he said.
"That has been not only at the elite performance end of things but further in helping integrate and support our development plans and programmes."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Chijindu Ujah, Adam Gemili, Daniel Talbot and Nethaneel Mitchell-Blake of Britain
It has been a remarkable career for a man whose talents were acknowledged in 2006, when he was named Northern Ireland's sports coach of the year.
"I've been coaching for a long time," Stephen Maguire told BBC Radio Foyle.
"I moved on to Scotland for a few years and then I was approached to come down and head up the sprints programme in Loughborough for British athletics.
"Something like that, you can't turn down. I firmly believe that within British athletics we have the potential to be the best sprints nation in the world and that's the goal."
In it to win it
Britain's men had looked smooth in qualification but not many predicted they were capable of an upset against the Americans.
Maguire said he was not surprised.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Britain's women's 4x400m relay team claimed Britain's fifth medal of the Worlds
"I thought it was going to be close but it's like any competition - you go in hoping to win it," he explained.
"We thought if we could get out fast and put the others under a little bit of pressure it could happen, and thankfully it did.
"You've always got the USA and Jamaica - the sprint kings of the world - but we were quietly confident."
And Maguire feels Britain's sprinting success leaves him with satisfaction of a different kind to that with sprinter Jason Smyth.
"The two of us worked extremely hard and he is a tremendous athlete," he said.
"This is different, it's more of a team and it's trying to pull a lot of individual athletes with individual aspirations into a team environment.
"Over the last two nights it all came together. The 4x100m is now one of the fastest teams ever in the world, but the girls 4x100m team and the two 4x400m teams did their business as well.
"I loved the time with Jason but this is good as well."
2017 medal table
Rank Country Gold Silver Bronze Total 1 United States 10 11 9 30 2 Kenya 5 2 4 11 3 South Africa 3 1 2 6 4 France 3 0 2 5 5 China 2 3 2 7 6 Great Britain and N.I. 2 3 1 6 7 Ethiopia 2 3 0 5 8 Poland 2 2 4 8 9 Authorised Neutral Athlete 1 5 0 6 10 Germany 1 2 2 5
British medallists
Gold - Mo Farah - Men's 10,000m - day one - report
Gold - Great Britain (CJ Ujah, Adam Gemili, Danny Talbot, Neethaneel Mitchell-Blake) - Men's 4x100m relay - day nine - report
Silver - Mo Farah - Men's 5,000m - day nine - report
Silver - Great Britain (Asha Philip, Desiree Henry, Dina Asher-Smith, Daryll Neita) - Women's 4x100m relay - day nine
Silver - Great Britain (Zoey Clark, Laviai Nielsen, Eilidh Doyle, Emily Diamond) - Women's 4x400m relay - day 10 - report
Bronze - Great Britain (Matthew Hudson-Smith, Dwayne Cowan, Rabah Yousif, Martyn Rooney) - Men's 4x400m relay - day 10
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Dennis Edwards was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989
Dennis Edwards, who performed as lead singer for the Motown group the Temptations, has died at aged 74.
He died in Chicago, his family told CBS News. They did not disclose the cause of death.
Edwards joined the Temptations in 1968 and had a number of hits including two Grammy award-winning songs, Papa Was a Rollin' Stone and Cloud Nine.
He pursued a solo career in the 1980s, and was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989.
Edwards, who would have turned 75 on Saturday, had solo hits such as Don't Look Any Further and Coolin' Out.
Fans have paid their respects on social media, and civil rights activist Jesse Jackson described Edwards as "so talented.
The Temptations were one of the leading male vocal groups of the 1960s and early 1970s, and helped define the signature Motown sound.
The group went through various line-ups and tackled a wide range of musical styles.
2:07
Video: Kevin Hart shows Cam Newton how much he can bench
1:48
On the other end of the line
1:10
Follow @insidefutbol
Former Leeds United sporting director Nicola Salerno has warned Juventus that Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane is "devastating".
Juventus have been paired with the Premier League side in the last 16 of the Champions League, with Spurs due to play the first leg in Turin by virtue of winning a group consisting of APOEL, Borussia Dortmund and Real Madrid.
Salerno saw Kane up close during his time working in England at Leeds and has a high opinion of the striker.
He feels Juventus will have their work cut out against Tottenham, who he rates as one of England's top clubs at present, led by a superb manager in Mauricio Pochettino.
"It was not lucky [for Juventus]", the ex-Leeds man told TuttoJuve.com.
ZAGREB, Croatia (AP) — Croatia's state television says one man died as heavy rains and strong winds slammed the country, also flooding some roads.
The report says that the man died Monday in northwestern Croatia when his ladder was knocked down by the wind as he was trying to repair damage to his house caused by the weather.
Torrential rains have also caused rivers to swell in the area and flood roads.
In neighboring Slovenia, about 1,000 people have been left without power near the capital, Ljubljana, and houses and roads have been flooded along the Adriatic coast.
In some areas, emergency services sounded sirens to warn people about the dangers of trees falling due to strong winds.
More rain is expected in the next two days.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
The Paris Saint Germain forward was injured in February and is yet to play a match since then, with two weeks to go before the World Cup kicks off in Russia.
"He's getting better every day, getting faster, more agile and more difficult to defend against," said Manchester City's Danilo, who knows Neymar from his Santos days.
"He's so fast you wouldn't know whether to go, left, right, forwards or backwards," Danilo said of Neymar's trickery.
"We hope he'll be 100% ready or as ready as is possible."
Brazil play Croatia at Liverpool June 3 and against Austria in Vienna on June 10 before their opening World Cup game with Switzerland June 17.
Getty Images The Federal Reserve is upbeat, if not bullish, about the U.S. economy.
The Fed's verdict: The Federal Reserve said the U.S. grew “moderately” from late April to early May in its latest evaluation of the economy, indicating the central bank remains firmly on track to raise interest rates next month.
Although companies have responded to chronic shortages of skilled workers by boosting pay and overall compensation, the Fed found that “wage increases remained modest” in most of the country.
Prices for goods and services rose “moderately” in most regions.
The central bank was widely expected to raise interest rates at its next meeting in June and its survey known as the Beige Book does nothing to dispel that notion.
What happened: In every region of the country, Fed officials characterized the economy as performing well. Manufacturers raised production, banks reported stronger demand for loans and home builders were very busy, among other things.
Some businesses expressed worries about the Trump administration's ongoing trade battles with China and other countries will disrupt international trade.
Steel and aluminum prices rose in some areas, for example, owing to White House plans to slap tariffs on imports of those metals.
A talent shortage, however, is the biggest source of anxiety. Truck drivers, electricians, carpenters, painters and computer technicians were particularly hard to find, executives said.
In the St. Louis area, “some firms have begun relaxing drug-testing standards and restrictions on hiring felons to alleviate labor shortages.”
Read: Here's what businesses did with Trump tax-cut windfall. Hint: they didn't spend it
Yet despite these shortages as well as rising costs for some raw materials such as oil and steel, inflationary pressures still appear subdued.
Big picture: The Beige Book confirms what Wall Street already knows. The U.S. has revved up since the first quarter and it's on track to top 3% growth in the spring.
A steadily growing economy, a shrinking pool of labor and a gradual rise in prices all point to the Fed raising its benchmark interest-rate in June. The central bank aims to gradually lift rates to prevent an outbreak of inflation and keep the economy from overheating.
Also Read: Jobs report expected to point to better hiring — and increased interest rates
Market reaction: The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +1.26% and S&P 500 SPX, +1.27% rebounded in Wednesday trades, one day after a big selloff sparked by political turmoil in Italy that investors worried would spread to the rest of Europe and financial markets.
The 10-year Treasury yield TMUBMUSD10Y, -0.26% rose 7 basis points to 2.85%.
Weekly lineup decisions can be one of the most frustrating things a fantasy football owner has to endure. We study the matchups, we anticipate game flow and, of course, we look to a player's level of overall talent.
Those all are important factors, but it is a player's expected opportunities and role with his team that matter most. You can have a player with a world of talent, but if he's not getting the touches, he's not helping you in fantasy. We refer to this as a player's volume, and in order to succeed in this game, you have to remember that volume matters.
It may sound basic, but players who touch the ball most have a greater chance of scoring more points in fantasy. The best way to illustrate this is found in the recent production of Alex Collins and Giovani Bernard. With injuries in each of their respective backfields, both players found themselves with more touches and instantly became fantasy heroes.
Through the first few weeks of the season, Terrance West was the Ravens' incumbent rusher, second-year back Javorius Allen was the pass-catcher, and Collins provided depth and served as an occasional complement. He averaged 8.3 touches through his first three games with the team, but when West got hurt and the backfield rotation went down to two, Collins averaged 14.2 touches per game.
As he established himself, coach John Harbaugh's confidence grew and following the bye, Collins began to see an even bigger increase in volume. Now he is averaging 19.8 touches per game over his past four, and it's no wonder he has five touchdowns in that span.
In Week 14, with Joe Mixon sidelined by a concussion, Bernard was handed the keys to the Bengals' backfield kingdom and went from 5.6 touches per game to 17 on Sunday. A winning effort by the team would have yielded more, but his owners had a hard time complaining about 62 rushing yards and six catches for 68 yards which equaled 19 fantasy points in full-point PPR formats. Most shared-backfield runners would have needed to at least find the end zone to produce that kind of total.
When looking for injury replacements in your lineups this week, volume should be atop your list of criteria. Running backs like Theo Riddick and Kenyan Drake are seeing more touches. Wide receivers like Marquise Goodwin, Dede Westbrook and Cooper Kupp have enjoyed a greater share of targets. If their opportunities are increasing, their fantasy points will follow. With the fantasy playoffs here, it is more important now than ever.
Howard Bender is the VP of operations and head of content at FantasyAlarm.com. Follow him on Twitter @rotobuzzguy and catch him on the “Fantasy Alarm Radio Show” on the SiriusXM fantasy sports channel weekdays from 4-6 p.m.
A list of stats and notes from the Washington Redskins' Week 17 game against the New York Giants at FedExField, as compiled by Redskins Public Relations.
“Redskins-Giants Monday Stats Pack” is presented by BDO by the Numbers. People who know, know BDO
The Washington Redskins fell to the New York Giants, 19-10, in front of an announced crowd of 79,471 people at FedExField on Sunday.
The Redskins finished the 2016 season with an 8-7-1 record.
The Redskins finished the 2016 season with an 8-7-1 record. The Redskins (6,454) broke the franchise record for total net yards in a single season (6,253 in 1989).
The 2016 Redskins (403.4) became the first team in franchise history to average 400 yards per game.
The Redskins had eight players finish the season with at least 500 yards from scrimmage ( DeSean Jackson , Pierre Garcon, Jamison Crowder , Rob Kelley, Chris Thompson , Jordan Reed , Vernon Davis and Matt Jones ), tying the 2011 New Orleans Saints for the most in a single season in NFL history.
, Pierre Garcon, , Rob Kelley, , , and ), tying the 2011 New Orleans Saints for the most in a single season in NFL history. With their sixth passing first down of the game, the Redskins (226) broke the team record for passing first downs in a single season (217 in 1989).
With their second completion of the game, the Redskins (407) broke the team record for completions in a single season (386 in 2015).
The Redskins (6.40) set a single-season team record for yards per play, surpassing the mark of 6.17 set in 2012. The team's 6.40 yards-per-play average ranks 11 th by any team since the 1970 AFL-NFL merger.
by any team since the 1970 AFL-NFL merger. The Redskins gained 284 net yards against the Giants, snapping the team's franchise record of 19 consecutive 300-yard regular season games, dating back to 2015.
The Redskins dropped to 46-37-2 all-time in regular season finales.
The Redskins and Giants met for the 170th time, including postseason play. The Giants are the Redskins' most common opponent.
Offense:
Quarterback Kirk Cousins completed 22-of-35 passes for 287 yards with one touchdown and two interceptions.
completed 22-of-35 passes for 287 yards with one touchdown and two interceptions. Cousins finished the year with single-season team records in attempts (606), completions (406) and passing yards (4,917) and matched his team record for 300-yard passing games (seven). Cousins' also posted the third-highest completion percentage (67.0) and tied for the sixth-most passing touchdowns in a season in team history (25).
finished the year with single-season team records in attempts (606), completions (406) and passing yards (4,917) and matched his team record for 300-yard passing games (seven). Cousins' also posted the third-highest completion percentage (67.0) and tied for the sixth-most passing touchdowns in a season in team history (25). Cousins' 4,917 passing yards ranked third in the NFL in 2016 and are the 15 th -most in a season in NFL history.
4,917 passing yards ranked third in the NFL in 2016 and are the 15 -most in a season in NFL history. Cousins (307.3) became the first quarterback in team history to average 300 passing yards per game in a season, surpassing the previous mark of 269.1, set by Mark Rypien in 1989.
(307.3) became the first quarterback in team history to average 300 passing yards per game in a season, surpassing the previous mark of 269.1, set by Mark Rypien in 1989. With the start, Cousins started 16 regular season games for a second straight season to join Jason Campbell (2008-09), Mark Rypien (1991-92) and Joe Theismann (1983-84) as the only quarterbacks in team history to start 16 games in back-to-back seasons.
started 16 regular season games for a second straight season to join Jason Campbell (2008-09), Mark Rypien (1991-92) and Joe Theismann (1983-84) as the only quarterbacks in team history to start 16 games in back-to-back seasons. On a one-yard touchdown pass in the fourth quarter, Cousins registered the seventh 25-touchdown passing season in team history, joining Sonny Jurgensen (31 in 1967), himself (29 in 2015), Joe Theismann (29 in 1983), Jurgensen (28 in 1966), Mark Rypien (28 in 1991) and Sammy Baugh (25 in 1947).
registered the seventh 25-touchdown passing season in team history, joining Sonny Jurgensen (31 in 1967), himself (29 in 2015), Joe Theismann (29 in 1983), Jurgensen (28 in 1966), Mark Rypien (28 in 1991) and Sammy Baugh (25 in 1947). Wide receiver Pierre Garçon caught four passes for a team-high 96 yards.
caught four passes for a team-high 96 yards. During the contest, Garçon reached 1,000 receiving yards for the season. The 1,000-yard receiving season is the second of his career and his first since 2013 with Washington.
reached 1,000 receiving yards for the season. The 1,000-yard receiving season is the second of his career and his first since 2013 with Washington. Garçon led the Redskins in receptions (79) and receiving yards (1,041) in 2016. It was his third season leading the team in receptions (2013, 2014 and 2016) and his third leading the team in receiving yards (2012, 2013, 2016).
led the Redskins in receptions (79) and receiving yards (1,041) in 2016. It was his third season leading the team in receptions (2013, 2014 and 2016) and his third leading the team in receiving yards (2012, 2013, 2016). Garçon extended his streak of consecutive regular season games played with a reception to 102, the fifth-longest active streak in the NFL (Larry Fitzgerald, 194; Brandon Marshall, 159; Steve Smith Sr., 142; Michael Crabtree, 110). Seventy-four of the games in Garçon's streak have come with Washington, the third-longest streak by a member of the Redskins since the 1970 merger.
extended his streak of consecutive regular season games played with a reception to 102, the fifth-longest active streak in the NFL (Larry Fitzgerald, 194; Brandon Marshall, 159; Steve Smith Sr., 142; Michael Crabtree, 110). Seventy-four of the games in Garçon's streak have come with Washington, the third-longest streak by a member of the Redskins since the 1970 merger. Wide receiver DeSean Jackson caught two passes for 34 yards.
caught two passes for 34 yards. With the performance, Jackson (1,005) posted the fifth 1,000-yard season of his career, including his second with Washington (2014).
(1,005) posted the fifth 1,000-yard season of his career, including his second with Washington (2014). Between Garçon and Jackson , the 2016 season marked the first time the Redskins featured multiple 1,000-yard receivers since 1999 (Albert Connell and Michael Westbrook).
and , the 2016 season marked the first time the Redskins featured multiple 1,000-yard receivers since 1999 (Albert Connell and Michael Westbrook). The 1,000-yard receiving seasons by Garçon and Jackson were the 29 th and 30 th all-time by members of the Redskins.
and were the 29 and 30 all-time by members of the Redskins. Garçon and Jackson joined Gary Clark (five), Art Monk (five), Santana Moss (three), Henry Ellard (three), Ricky Sanders (two) and Bobby Mitchell (two) as the only players with multiple 1,000-yard receiving seasons in team history.
and joined Gary Clark (five), Art Monk (five), Santana Moss (three), Henry Ellard (three), Ricky Sanders (two) and Bobby Mitchell (two) as the only players with multiple 1,000-yard receiving seasons in team history. Tight end Jordan Reed caught five passes for 40 yards.
caught five passes for 40 yards. With his second reception of the game, Reed moved past Don Warren (244) in team history for third-most career receptions by a tight end (12 th -most career receptions by a player of any position).
moved past Don Warren (244) in team history for third-most career receptions by a tight end (12 -most career receptions by a player of any position). On a one-yard touchdown reception in the fourth quarter, Reed recorded his 20 th career touchdown reception, becoming the 16th player in team history to record 20 touchdown receptions with the Redskins.
recorded his 20 career touchdown reception, becoming the 16th player in team history to record 20 touchdown receptions with the Redskins. On the play, Reed surpassed Clint Didier (19) for sole possession of fourth-most receiving touchdowns by a tight end in Redskins history.
surpassed Clint Didier (19) for sole possession of fourth-most receiving touchdowns by a tight end in Redskins history. Tight end Vernon Davis caught two passes for 49 yards.
caught two passes for 49 yards. On his second reception of the game Davis (505) tied Dallas Clark and Frank Wycheck for 10 th on the NFL's list of career receptions by a tight end.
(505) tied Dallas Clark and Frank Wycheck for 10 on the NFL's list of career receptions by a tight end. With an additional 33 rushing yards on Sunday, running back Robert Kelley finished the season as the team's leader in rushing attempts (168), rushing yards (704) and rushing touchdowns (six).
finished the season as the team's leader in rushing attempts (168), rushing yards (704) and rushing touchdowns (six). Kelley's rookie season in 2016 marks the third time in the last six seasons that a rookie has led the Redskins in rushing, joining Roy Helu Jr. in 2011 and Alfred Morris in 2012.
rookie season in 2016 marks the third time in the last six seasons that a rookie has led the Redskins in rushing, joining Roy Helu Jr. in 2011 and Alfred Morris in 2012. Running back Chris Thompson led the Redskins with six receptions, gaining 37 yards.
led the Redskins with six receptions, gaining 37 yards. Thompson finished the season with 356 rushing yards and 349 receiving yards, becoming the first member of the Redskins to record at least 325 rushing yards and 325 receiving yards in a single season since Roy Helu Jr. in 2011. It is the 25 th such campaign by a member of the Redskins all-time.
finished the season with 356 rushing yards and 349 receiving yards, becoming the first member of the Redskins to record at least 325 rushing yards and 325 receiving yards in a single season since Roy Helu Jr. in 2011. It is the 25 such campaign by a member of the Redskins all-time. Guard Brandon Scherff started his 16th game this season, joining Chris Samuels (2000-01) and Jon Jansen (1999-2000) as the only Redskins offensive linemen to open their careers by starting 16 games in each of their first two NFL seasons.
Defense:
Linebacker Ryan Kerrigan started his 96th consecutive game, the second-longest active streak among active NFL linebackers. Kerrigan has not missed a start in his NFL career.
started his 96th consecutive game, the second-longest active streak among active NFL linebackers. Kerrigan has not missed a start in his NFL career. Kerrigan became the first member of the Redskins to start all 16 games in each of the first six seasons of an NFL career since the adoption of the 16-game schedule in 1978. (Note: Jon Jansen started all 16 games in the first six seasons in which he played from 1999-2005 but missed the 2004 season with an injury).
became the first member of the Redskins to start all 16 games in each of the first six seasons of an NFL career since the adoption of the 16-game schedule in 1978. (Note: Jon Jansen started all 16 games in the first six seasons in which he played from 1999-2005 but missed the 2004 season with an injury). With a nine-yard sack of Giants quarterback Eli Manning in the fourth quarter, defensive lineman Cullen Jenkins recorded his first full sack as a member of the Redskins, pushing his career total to 49.0.
recorded his first full sack as a member of the Redskins, pushing his career total to 49.0. The Redskins recorded a sack in a 24 th consecutive regular season game, dating back to last season. Washington's active streak entered the day ranking first in the NFC and second in the NFL (Cincinnati, 28).
consecutive regular season game, dating back to last season. Washington's active streak entered the day ranking first in the NFC and second in the NFL (Cincinnati, 28). The Redskins pushed their regular season sack streak to 24 games for the first time since a 30-game span across the 2008-10 seasons.
The Redskins recorded at least one sack in every game this season, the franchise's first such accomplishment since 2009. It marks the seventh time the team has accomplished the feat since sacks became an official statistic in 1982 (1982, 1983, 1985, 1986, 1996 and 2009).
Linebacker Mason Foster recorded a career-high 17 total tackles (15 solo). Foster's 17 tackles are the most credited by the NFL to a member of the Redskins in a single game since Oct. 7, 2012 (20, London Fletcher).
Special Teams:
Colm Schwer look's back on last weekend's SFC semi-final action (Moorefield v Athy, Johnstownbridge v Celbridge) and the IFC relegation final (Kilcullen v Castlemitchell). All views are of course his own, as always!
1.Tom Kinsella (Moorefield): Tom is a very progressive player this year and he showed that again Saturday. His kick-outs are very accurate and he has a physical presence in the box and can deal very well with high balls being pumped in that area. He is key to that relentless Moorefield defence who work so well as a unit. He made one of the saves of the year right at the end of the match which was top corner bound.
2.Liam Healy (Moorefield): Liam had a great game on Saturday marking the dangerous James Eaton out of the game. James would normally contribute so much to Athy but Liam made sure that was not the case Saturday. Liam is turning into a top man marker, he has had the task of marking Ben and James (two top forwards) and he has come out on top on both occasions. He kept James scoreless and Liam's all-round game is improving so quickly.
3.Mick O Grady (Celbridge): Mick had the daunting task of marking Daniel Flynn and although he had the help from his Celbridge colleagues I felt Mick was again excellent this week and prevented Daniel having an impact on the game. He was controlled in his tackling and distributed the ball very well while under pressure from the JTB forwards. He has been excellent for Kildare and has carried that excellent form into the club championship. Last year he was in America for the summer and I feel this year with a full Kildare pre-season done it has benefited him and Trevor O Sullivan's team.
4.Mark Dempsey (Moorefield): I will be the first to admit that I did not know much about Mark before this year and I doubt I am the only one. When I heard Cian brought him into the Kildare panel I really had to see this guy play. On Saturday he marked one of Kildare's best player's Niall Kelly and I thought he was outstanding. What impressed me the most was at how intelligent his marking was on Niall. To keep Niall scoreless was something that many of us wouldn't of thought we would witness, well we did and Mark is on his way to a huge future in football.
5.Hugh McGrillen (Celbridge): Hugh is a huge player for Celbridge, he has played county football for many years and you can see why. On Saturday he had a great reading of the game, conducting the play and making sure there was enough cover when needed and that every player was in the right position at the right time. Always seems to have time on the ball which is sign of a good player. Was involved in Celbridge's best score of the game when they kept the ball for over two minutes and finally finished with a David Byrne point. A huge performance needed by him in the final and no doubt he will be well prepared.
6.James Murray (Moorefield): James is improving with every game and I feel he holds the centre back position very well. On Saturday he took the ball out of defence very well and keeps it simple. He is very calm on the ball and links in very well with the middle 8 area. I saw him in a league game earlier this year and he was very good but he has improved again. It will be very interesting to see does he track the very fast forward Tony Archbold in the final.
7.Darren Barker (Kilcullen): Darren has been one of Kilcullen's best players for the last 6/7 years. I thought he was immense again on Sunday evening. Yes it was very poor opposition in Castlemitchell but Darren was productive all around the pitch. He set up so many attacks with his speed breaking the line and even chipped in with a nice score. He is a great servant for Kilcullen and while last year he was outstanding for them in winning the Junior he has also had a big role in keeping Kilcullen's Intermediate status.
8.Paul Cribben (JTB): Although it was a poor performance by JTB (credit to Celbridge) I felt their bright spark was the forever running Paul. I thought he was the one JTB player who took the game to Celbridge, with his pace and his great runs, he was unmarkable at times and kicked 4 great scores from play. He was a handful for the Celbridge team and I am hoping we can see more of this from Paul on a consistent basis for Kildare next year.
9.Aaron Masterson (Moorefield): Aaron is developing as a top player at a rapid rate, for such a young player to do what he is doing in his position is very impressive. He was fetching balls in midfield and was coming out on top for the majority on Saturday. What I like about Aaron is he will not be bullied around that area, he gives it back to the opposition and he plays like he has being playing Senior for Moorefield for 10 years. He is another player who I feel deserves a trial with the Kildare team. Can he add anything to the Kildare panel? The answer is definitely YES!! Such a good prospect.
10.Liam McGovern (Athy): Liam has been very consistent for Athy for the last few seasons and he has been very influential for them this year. His free taking has improved this year and he has a great engine. Liam for me was the only reason Athy were at one stage competing against Moorefield. He kicked 7 points, three of which were frees. He was very accurate again on Saturday and had a good battle in which he won against one of Moorefields the best players Kevin Murnaghan. Liam was unlucky to be on a loosing side.
11.Tony Archbold (Celbridge): Celbridge don't just have pace in the defence, Tony is lighting fast and would cause most defenders problems. Unfortunately for Seamus McNally it was his turn to try to catch Tony and catch he could not . Tony for me was excellent on Saturday, he dragged Seamus (JTB's holding centre back) all over St Conleth's. By doing this he was creating space for his Celbridge teammates to overrun JTB's defence in which they did. Tony chipped in with two critical points and could of scored a goal also. A player Moorefield will be very wary of after Saturday.
12.John Costello (Celbridge): John has a great engine and is very comfortable on the ball and is also a very accurate passer. I felt John had a great game, he got on a lot of balls and passed it off into better positions. Tracked Paul Cribben at times in the second half for extra protection for the Celbridge defence. John does a lot of the hidden work for this well drilled Celbridge outfit. If John can add some scoring to his game it will make him a complete wing forward.
13.Eanna O ‘Connor (Moorefield): Eanna was electric on Saturday and he was a joy to watch. Mark Hyland had the job of marking the Kerryman, Eanna showed he was never going to loose this battle early doors, scoring 4 points. He was out in front at most stages of the game and Eanna also showed why he is an intelligent footballer by his clever link up with Moorefields danger men Adam Tyrell and Niall Hurley Lynch. Eanna is a player looking on the top of his game with his scoring and his great work ethic. It will be intriguing to see who Celbridge put to mark him.
14.Paddy Brophy (Celbridge): Paddy had a quiet first half by his standards on Saturday. He was being picked up by the promising Luke Flynn and while Luke kept the Celbridge danger man at bay in the first half, it was not the case in the second half. Paddy kicked three terrific scores in the second half to help Celbridge on their way. Paddy links up very well with his teammates especially the intelligent Davy Hughes. Paddy is getting better every week and imagine what he will be like for Kildare next year. Exciting times for Kildare to have him back. Will be interesting to see who Moorefield put on him in the final.
15.Niall Hurley Lynch (Moorefield): Surely odds on to be anytime goalscorer in the final with the bookies? This man is the best man in the county to get goals. He could be quite for 20-25 mins and then low and behold who scores the goal “Niallo” as the Moorefield Hill clap his funny celebrations. He scored 2-1 on Saturday and for me he is a huge danger to any defence. Might not be the fittest player on the Moorefield team but just has the knack to score goals. The way he finished his goals on Saturday showed how good a finisher he is, his goals killed the Athy team. He is a clever player and showed that again this season since the League Final.
Meet the one person who can boss around Kris Jenner There can't be too many people in the world who can tell Kris Jenner what to do, but one of them might be Kenneth “Babyface” Edmonds. The music legend has...
Babyface's former eastside crib on the market The Sutton Place-area townhouse where R&B musician and 11-time Grammy winner Kenneth “Babyface” Edmonds once lived, composed and produced his award winning music, has just gone on the market for...
There are many ways to celebrate the nation's 150th birthday.
Seeing an outstanding Canadian film at the Film House is an opportunity to participate in a one-day only cross-Canada event, National Canadian Film Day 150, sponsored by Reel Canada, a non-profit organization dedicated to celebrating Canadian cinema.
Wednesday's screening of Angry Inuk at the Film House is free.
Co-produced by writer-director Alethea Arnaquq-Baril's Unikkaat Studios and the National Film Board of Canada, Angry Inuk is an intimate documentary on the Nunavut coastal territory that few people have experienced — certainly not the wealthy anti-hunt celebrities, including Paul McCartney who descended on Newfoundland to pose with cute white seal pups. Toy pups are used as propaganda tools to this day.
In her narration, Inuit director Arnaquq-Baril explains, “We call ourselves the people of the seal. Almost all Inuit communities are coastal and our staple food is seal.”
Her documentary point-of-view is an insider's perspective of a people who hunt grey seals for food and clothing made from the skins, and making a living by designing, crafting and marketing designs for an international market.
Aaju Peter, an Inuit lawyer turned activist and designer of seal skin fashions, and recipient of the Order of Canada, remarks: “For us, a warm coat is not a luxury … it is necessary to survival and protection if a hunter falls into the water.”
Don't confuse the people of the seal with a capitalist economy. By using every part of the animal, the director's coastal Inuit community is self-sustaining and politically and economically accountable. This is their counter-argument to wealthy animal-rights lobbyists and politicians of the European Union who have never visited the Canadian Arctic, but, in ignorance, attach themselves to bans on seal hunts and import (2009) of all seal products. Period.
The potential environmental disaster accruing from big-mining projects hangs over the resource-rich Arctic landscape and the director's community as a major threat, not an alternative.
Beautifully filmed, and narrated by the director in a calm knowing voice, the unique Arctic landscape appears stunningly beautiful, almost pastoral at moments of calm weather. Inside a home where women prepare seal meat and sew skins, a kitchen wall plaque summarizes their social awareness and distance from the norms of western culture: “Martha Stewart doesn't live here.”
Arnaquq-Baril structures her documentary as cyclical journey, from a man teaching his young grandson the skills of the hunt, to the 13-year-old on his own, now a master hunter.
She calls herself an urban Inuit, educated in the south, but making her films in the land of her birth, about her people. She refers to anti-sealing protests of the 1970s and 1980s as “our great Depression”: “I grew up in the aftermath” (suicides from hunger and stress).
Some 25 years later, her films are both personal passion projects and representations of a quiet revolution through harnessing collective Inuit voices. On the annual International Day of Protest, Inuit university students studying in Ottawa demonstrate dances and throat singing to gathering crowds in downtown Toronto.
In a powerful scene in Stockholm for EU officers, activist-designer Aaju Peter literally walks about an image projection of a global map, like a tour guide tracing the geography of her frozen homeland.
In an interview, Arnaquq-Baril notes, “A lot of my work has been about de-shaming,” overturning the stigma wrought upon the Inuit by outsiders, including the impact of the 2016 Oscar night group selfie of Hollywood stars, an image Ellen DeGeneres used to raise millions for her pet project against cruelty to animals.
Refuting such sly moves, Angry Inuk has received numerous awards for its cinematic richness and truth-telling.
The Film House
FirstOntario Performing Arts Centre, 250 St. Paul St,, St. Catharines, 905-688-0722
Listings for April 19 to 24
Angry Inuk: (free screening) Wednesday 8 p.m.
Weirdos: Thursday 8 p.m.
XX: Friday 9:30 p.m., Sunday 7 p.m.
Operation Avalanche: Friday 7 p.m., Saturday 7 p.m., Sunday 4 p.m.
Winged Migration: Saturday 4 p.m.
Koyaanisqatsi: Saturday 9:30 p.m.
Slapshot: Monday 8 p.m.
Admission: $7 members, $9 general
For tickets and more information, visit FirstOntarioPAC.ca
Australian Opposition Leader Believes Bitcoin is Fueling Terrorism
The left opposition leader of Australia, Bill Shorten, has indicated he wants to deter use of cryptocurrencies and bitcoin. The leader said this Tuesday in a house of representatives meeting. Shorten suggested that terrorists are starting to leverage dark markets and other nefarious venues to fuel their bad deeds.
Also read: The Hidden Reason Behind Bitcoin's Increasing Fees: Darknet Mixers
He said, “I refer to the use of the digital currency bitcoin and the use of the dark web, a network of untraceable online activities and hidden websites, allowing those who wish to stay in the shadows to remain hidden. Terrorists are increasingly using this network to avoid detection, conduct planning and acquire capability and tools to carry out their evil actions”
Shorten loosely admitted that government does not yet know enough about cryptocurrency or the dark web to handle them. In his statement he referenced them, saying, “There are two things we simply do not know enough about to deal with properly.” This also implies the Australian government could approach the issue in a variety of ways, but that cryptocurrency is a growing concern as a result of possible “terrorism.”
He finished by claiming certain actions are necessary for the safety and security of the Australian citizens. He said:
Just as we continue to do everything in our power to protect Australians, we must do everything in our power to foster cohesion in our society. This is a responsibility we bear as national leaders and also an obligation shared by the leaders of Australia's Muslim community.
Cryptocurrency Inspires Fear and Love
The Australian leader wants everyone in their country to share their fear of dark markets and cryptocurrencies since terrorists could possibly exploit them. However, the current times are strange. Some countries and their government, like Australia, harbor a deep skepticism toward cryptocurrencies and bitcoin. But others seem to take a more positive approach. They may even love digital currencies.
For instance, places like Japan and, more recently, Russia…appear to harbor more positive and loving feelings toward the currencies. Japan has already accepted digital currencies on the whole, and Russia is considering it as vitally important for the future.
On the other side of the coin, some countries like Ecuador, have already banned cryptocurrencies and punish people for using them. It seems that Australia's leadership has similar sentiments like in Ecuador, except not quite as extreme.
It is increasingly interesting to watch varying perspectives crop up within different countries around the world as bitcoin and other crypto-assets become more popular.
Do you think Australia will take measures to ban cryptocurrencies or use other strong regulation against it? Let us know in the comments below.
Images via Shutterstock
Bitcoin is cool, and you know everyone wants in – even the ones who say they don't. Show the world how cutting-edge you are with a bitcoin T-shirt, hoodie, bag, key-ring, even a Trezor hardware wallet. Shipping all over the world, quality merchandise and, of course, a payment system that makes people say “wow!”
The post Australian Opposition Leader Believes Bitcoin is Fueling Terrorism appeared first on Bitcoin News.
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Katharine Lee Bates, a 33-year-old English literature teacher at Wellesley College, was on “a merry expedition up Pike's Peak” in Colorado in 1893 when she looked out “over the sea-like...
CINCO DE MAYO CELEBRATION BRINGS THOUSANDS TO DOWNTOWN SAN JOSE
May 10, 1991
By Yolanda Reynolds
The Jose Cinco de Mayo celebration, coordinated by the San Jose G.I. Forum this past weekend, was particularly special for a number of reasons. The celebration was possibly the largest gathering of people in downtown San Jose history, with an estimated 100,000 plus persons in attendance. Lt. Bruce Rey, a 20-year veteran of the San Jose Police department says, “to my knowledge this is the largest gathering of people ever, for downtown San Jose.”
The community was entertained with many activities and the Sunday morning parade. There were plays, both Saturday and Sunday, and many hours of music and dancing beginning Friday with noontime music in Plaza Park.
The biggest day celebration was Sunday, May 5, which began with a morning parade. Of particular interest that day were the activities at “El Centro de Nuestra Cultura” in the old San Jose Convention Center. This year was one of the first times that the beautiful artwork of local Hispanic artists was exhibited indoors. Indeed, the improved conditions for exhibiting their artwork attracted some very notable and renowned artists.
G.I. Forum member, Al Castellano, coordinated the activities at the Centro. There was a juried art Show, at which a number of prizes were awarded in four different categories.
In the photo art category Mary Andrade, co-publisher with her husband, Frank, of this newspaper, won first prize for her photo of a Church of Cholula. La Iglesia del Cerrito, one of a series taken in Puebla, Mexico.
J. Pablo Soto, oil painter and pencil drawing artist, won ﬁrst prize in the “art class” for his painting of Frida Kahlo. Robert Torres was awarded first prize for sculpture. Torres works with soapstone and bronze.
The “Best of the Show” awarded went to Pilar Aguero who does oil painting, drawings and prints. Others who received awards or Honorable Mention were: portrait artist John Flores and Jim Flores, Josefa Chavez for their paintings; Ralph E. Muñoz and Rudolfo Suarez in graphic arts; Luz Elena Limas for artistic piñatas; Edward Ramirez and Margie Gaeta for their photography. Almost 40 artists exhibited their work at the Centro.
Other outstanding work was that of artist Hugo Lecaros a water colorist and oil painter and sculptor Martin Hernandez.
Also at the Centro, the Mariachi Azteca de “Pato” Diaz performed the festive and romantic music traditional of mariachi musical groups on Sunday afternoon. Francisco “Pato” Diaz and his group have been performing mariachi music in San Jose since 1975.
The “Group Tezcatlicopa,” is a dance group that performs ancient Aztec dances which its founder, David Vargas, learned from the son of an Aztec chieftan, Florencio Yescas, who came to San Francisco from Mexico to be near his family. After moving to the United States, Yescas founded dance groups in Los Angeles and San Francisco. He taught all aspects of Mexican folklore to students of all ages from 4 years old to over 80. Yescas died in San Francisco in 1985.
Also performing Sunday afternoon was “El Grito de la Cultura,” a part of the Folklorico Nacional Mexicano, is led by Elena Robles and sponsored by CET (Center for Employment Training) as part of the training program of that world renowned school. CET believes that an appreciation and celebration of one's culture is important for the enhancement of self esteem and personal development.
Most of the groups that performed Sunday afternoon began as part of a family project that grew to include the friends, neighbors, and ultimately others from throughout the City.
Many others in San Jose participated in celebrations such as that by KNEW, a “western/country” music radio station, which celebrated Cinco de Mayo with a call-in “piñata” promotion. Some newspapers described the signiﬁcance of the Cinco de Mayo to the Mexican-American community, the single largest population group within the Hispanic community of the United States.
Indeed, the celebration was a large and happy event. Elena Robles says, “it can be estimated that one in every eight residents of San Jose was in downtown that day.” She says San Jose has approximately 750,000 people. Over 100,000 were reported to have attended Sunday's celebration.
Next year, G.I. Forum organizers say, the celebration will be even more spectacular. The City will be able to plan better how to accommodate such a Iarge crowd in San Jose whose downtown offered a pleasant ambience for the festive event.
European football royalty face off on Wednesday evening when Bayern Munich welcome Real Madrid to the Allianz Arena. This will be the 25th times that the two European giants will take on each other, which is a record for the Champions League. As ever, you can watch all the action Live & Exclusive on beIN SPORTS CONNECT.
Bayern Munich has already been crowned Bundesliga champions, and caretaker boss Jupp Heynckes rang in the changes ahead of Wednesday's game at the weekend against Hannover. Despite starting from the bench both Robert Lewandowski & Thomas Müller came on to score second-half goals, with the Bavarians eventually going on to win 3-0.
How to watch online- beIN SPORTS CONNECT
Channel- 11HD
Kick off- 9:45 pm (Mecca)
Stadium- Allianz Arena, Munich
Heynckes is set to leave the club in the summer, with Bayern already announcing his replacement in the form of former midfielder Niko Kovac. The veteran coach will be aiming to bow out of Munich with another Champions League crown, having guided Bayern to the crown in the 2012-2013 season. More impressive is the fact that Heynckes has reached the final of the Champions League in every campaign he has coached in.
In team news, Bayern will be without midfielders Arturo Vidal & Kingsley Coman who are out with long-term knee & ankle injuries. Keeper Manuel Neuer returned to training this week but is likely to be rested for this game.
Predicted team- Bayern Munich
Ulreich; Kimmich, Hummels, Boateng, Alaba; Martínez, Thiago; James, Müller, Ribéry; Lewandowski
As for Real, they needed a late second strike from Ronaldo as they drew 1-1 at home against Athletic Bilbao. Los Blancos boss Zinedine Zidane went with a strong side for the game, with the aim of building momentum ahead of the tie in Munich.
Cristiano Ronaldo has been on fire in the Champions League for Real this season. The Portuguese attacker has scored in the last 11 Champions League ties, including a stunning overhead kick away to Juventus in the quarter-finals. Zidane's side always tend to raise themselves for this crucial Champions League ties and have won the last two Champions League crowns, you wouldn't put it past Los Blancos to pick up a third.
Predicted team- Real Madrid
Navas; Carvajal, Varane, Ramos, Marcelo; Kroos, Casemiro, Modrić, Isco; Benzema, Ronaldo
It certainly promises to be a fascinating encounter when two European giants in Bayern Munich & Real Madrid face off in the first leg of a Champions League semi-final. As ever, you can watch all the action Live & Exclusive via beIN SPORTS CONNECT.
Score Prediction
Your job iStock/BraunS Unless the employment description includes working at an arena/stadium/ball field, or saving lives (particularly if you're an Avenger!), we're not interested in how entranced you are by your trade. Just as job fairs are nowhere near as fun as actual fairs (only the latter offers cotton candy!), hearing about your awesome place of work is as enjoyable as a mundane workday. Don't love your job? Here's Unless the employment description includes working at an arena/stadium/ball field, or saving lives (particularly if you're an Avenger!), we're not interested in how entranced you are by your trade. Just as job fairs are nowhere near as fun as actual fairs (only the latter offers cotton candy!), hearing about your awesome place of work is as enjoyable as a mundane workday. Don't love your job? Here's how to look for your dream job while working
Your favorite sports team iStock/AJ_Watt You're allowed precisely one day to gloat about a spectacular come-from-behind win and get a pass of up to a week if that happened in a championship game and you live in the town of said sports team. Other than that, no one cares how your college basketball team did on a random Tuesday in February. You're allowed precisely one day to gloat about a spectacular come-from-behind win and get a pass of up to a week if that happened in a championship game and you live in the town of said sports team. Other than that, no one cares how your college basketball team did on a random Tuesday in February.
Your vices iStock/vgajic There was a time where your exceptional booze consumption was met with shock, awe, and a flurry of fist bumps. That time ended the minute you started paying off, or ignoring, your college debt. Now it's either annoying or concerning. Sometimes both! Ready to reign it in? Here are There was a time where your exceptional booze consumption was met with shock, awe, and a flurry of fist bumps. That time ended the minute you started paying off, or ignoring, your college debt. Now it's either annoying or concerning. Sometimes both! Ready to reign it in? Here are 17 tips to help you cut back on alcohol
Content continues below ad
Kids and animals iStock/svetikd People ignore Facebook updates on children or Chihuahuas for the same reason W.C. Fields refused to work with People ignore Facebook updates on children or Chihuahuas for the same reason W.C. Fields refused to work with either of them . Most kid clips lose their appeal the less the viewer is related to your DNA. Instead of informing your Facebook followers of the new scratching post you bought your cat, try these tips to improve your relationship with social media
Ostentatious autos iStock/SrdjanPav Clichés exist because, invariably, they're nothing more than silly ways of reciting simple truths—which is why were delighted to report that the old trope of sports car owners compensating for something else is now backed up by scientific evidence. (OK, maybe less "scientific evidence" and more Clichés exist because, invariably, they're nothing more than silly ways of reciting simple truths—which is why were delighted to report that the old trope of sports car owners compensating for something else is now backed up by scientific evidence. (OK, maybe less "scientific evidence" and more "unscientific survey," but either way, keep the tales of your midlife crisis Corvette to yourself.)
That you finished Moby Dick iStock/alien185 Unless Unless you're in a book club , your reading material is immaterial to anyone but you. Whether it's the latest Harlequin novel you wined (and whined) about with your respective girlfriends, the latest ghostwritten, Bill O'Reilly, Killing...Fill-In-The-Blank tome you traded amongst your boys, or that 10,000 word New Yorker articles on competitive composting that you're so proud you finished...keep the recommendations brief and/or nonexistent. Reading may be fundamental but constantly hearing about WHAT your reading is no one's idea of fun.
Content continues below ad
Your travels iStock/martin-dm Sure, traveling is awesome, but relax with the scenic photos already. Regardless of how pretty your #nofilter sunset pictures are or how much time you spent on that short film you made on your recent adventure to Mexico, we're all looking at our watch more than your wanderlust wherewithal. Find out what other Sure, traveling is awesome, but relax with the scenic photos already. Regardless of how pretty your #nofilter sunset pictures are or how much time you spent on that short film you made on your recent adventure to Mexico, we're all looking at our watch more than your wanderlust wherewithal. Find out what other photos you should never post on social media
Your significant other... iStock/PeopleImages ...just isn't significant to those of us not dating him or her. Which is to say: Boo to your boo. Your friends and family are all happy that you've found your life-mate, (and/or just a mate your currently mating with) up to a point. And then the gabbing goods just get gooey. Here's a tell: If you're prefacing every new partner anecdote with "did I tell you..."? The answer is: Yes. Yes you did. And we didn't like hearing about the fact that your boyfriend is adorably allergic to shellfish the first time you told it. Here are ...just isn't significant to those of us not dating him or her. Which is to say: Boo to your boo. Your friends and family are all happy that you've found your life-mate, (and/or just a mate your currently mating with) up to a point. And then the gabbing goods just get gooey. Here's a tell: If you're prefacing every new partner anecdote with "did I tell you..."? The answer is: Yes. Yes you did. And we didn't like hearing about the fact that your boyfriend is adorably allergic to shellfish the first time you told it. Here are 12 things you should never share about your relationship
Humble brags iStock/Georgijevic This stomach-cringing term, which was just admitted into the
This stomach-cringing term, which was just admitted into the Merriam-Webster Dictionary , is as epidemic as Twitter, the social media platform that essentially made for the practice . But the very idea of lampooning a significant accomplishment by way of false humility is as obnoxious as the (hypothetical) tweet "My BFF @MerylStreep just made fun of the fact that I only won THREE Oscars. LOL! FML!" In all fairness, there are times when self-promotion is justified, here's how to brag the right way
Content continues below ad
Video
The maximum stake for fixed odds betting terminals should be cut to £30 or less, the UK's Gambling Commission has recommended.
Currently people can bet up to £100 every 20 seconds on electronic casino games, such as roulette and blackjack.
The Association of British Bookmakers has claimed that a £30 maximum stake would see 2,100 betting shops closed and 10,000 jobs lost.
Terry White says he lost up to £15,000 per day on fixed odd betting terminals in shops on the high street.
As communities age and money for big projects dries up, top municipal officials are saying “something has to give.”
A report on the perspective of chief administrative officers (CAOs) — by Strategy Corp. — found that just as Toronto is struggling to find ways to pay for much-needed infrastructure work, smaller communities, too, are finding it increasingly difficult to come with badly-needed cash.
“You thought Toronto was just having these problems,” said John Matheson, report co-author and a principal at Strategy Corp. “Actually, the report indicates it's the municipal sector as a whole ... These problems are fairly common across Ontario which is why it's important people pay attention to them.”
The group interviewed 26 CAOs — the top bureaucrats of towns, counties or cities — to get their views on the future of municipal government. The report focuses on small- to medium-size communities, and was provided exclusively to the Toronto Sun.
The report says CAOs are seeing a gap between what the public expects of local government and what they are prepared to pay for has grown. One participant told the authors “something has to give.”
The report says councillors in those communities are hesitant to raise taxes or create new revenue streams to pay for the work which isn't surprising, he added.
“There's a lot of infrastructure put in the ground between 50 and 75 years ago,” Matheson said, adding that years of deferring infrastructure work are catching up with communities.
The CAOs also expressed concern about the rise of a divisive brand of populism in city halls across Ontario. A number of councillors are mimicking U.S. President Donald Trump's brash style, often publicly attacking bureaucrats and questioning their work.
“(Municipal governments) are not designed to have a somebody on council who is structurally opposing everything,” he said. “It's contributing to only half of them saying they had good relations with their councils.”
The interviews used for the report were conducted confidentially. The findings offer a rare, unvarnished view of major issues taking place in these towns and cities, said Ron Shaw, a senior advisor with Strategy Corp who co-authored the report.
Shaw, a former CAO with over 30 years experience in Stratford and Kincardine, said top municipal bureaucrats don't want to be critical of their communities publicly.
“They're not going to say much different than what their councillors may be saying,” he added. “They want to make sure they represent the views of the municipality. Speaking confidentially, they can speak to us ... and give honest, open feedback.”
Releasing the report at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario's annual meeting in Ottawa this week will help bring the concerns of the CAOs into focus, he said.
Matheson added that the concerns raised in the report will need to be addressed through a variety of means, including the provision of more cash to municipalities.
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting himself and his state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting himself and his state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
(Arkansas Department of Correction, via AP, File). FILE - This 2013 file photo provided by the Arkansas Department of Correction shows Don William Davis, who has been scheduled for execution Monday, April 17, 2017.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
(Stephen B. Thornton/The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP). People gather at a rally opposing the state's upcoming executions, on the front steps of Arkansas' Capitol, Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark.
(Sherry Simon via AP). This photo provided by Sherry Simon shows Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen taking part of an anti-death penalty demonstration outside the Governor's Mansion Friday, April 14, 2017 in Little Rock, Ark.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
By KELLY P. KISSELAssociated Press
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) - Arkansas moved forward with its attempt to begin a series of double executions Monday night despite rulings in state and federal courts that the inmates were entitled to additional appeals.
The state's lawyers pressed the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to allow the executions to begin, saying that the inmates were simply stalling so a key lethal injection drug would expire. The inmates' legal team urged a three-judge panel to avoid a "rushed analysis of this complex record."
Meanwhile, the Arkansas Supreme Court on Monday also barred a state judge who blocked the multiple execution plan from taking up any death penalty related cases after he participated in a protest where he appeared to mimic a death row inmate about to receive lethal injection. Justices reassigned any death penalty cases from Pulaski County Circuit Court Judge Wendell Griffen, who banned the state from using a lethal injection drug a supplier said was misleadingly obtained. After issuing the order, Griffen participated in an anti-death penalty demonstration where he was strapped to a cot. The high court asked a disciplinary panel to consider whether Griffen violated the code of conduct for judges.
Arkansas set up a schedule to execute eight prisoners before its supply of the sedative midazolam expires at the end of the month. If court proceedings are pushed into May, it won't be able to carry out the executions with the drugs it has on hand. Despite some legal setbacks for the state, it was still possible the executions could begin at 7 p.m. Monday.
"We're in place and ready to go for whatever the court rules," said J.R. Davis, a spokesman for Gov. Asa Hutchinson. The governor was monitoring the courts and planned to visit with the attorney general and Arkansas Department of Correction leaders to discuss any next steps.
Among the decisions the state is appealing is one from a federal judge who on Saturday halted all of the executions so the inmates could pursue claims their deaths could be especially painful.
The inmates asked the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to take its time reviewing transcripts and rulings, rather than complete their work in two days as the state has asked.
"Reject the state's request for a rushed analysis of this complex record," they wrote. They also want the court to schedule oral arguments.
Arkansas solicitor general Lee Rudofsky countered by telling the 8th Circuit that the inmates are simply trying to run out the clock - "blatantly attempting to manipulate the judicial system and shield themselves from justice."
That's not the only legal obstacle the state faces.
It's also appealing Griffen's order that the prison system not use a paralyzing drug until he could determine whether the state obtained it properly.
It has asked the Arkansas Supreme Court to reconsider its decision to put on hold the first of the scheduled lethal injections, of Bruce Earl Ward, after his attorneys argued that he is a diagnosed schizophrenic with no rational understanding of his impending execution.
The state has not said whether it will appeal a federal judge's decision to grant a stay to another inmate, Jason McGehee, who had won a clemency recommendation from the state Parole Board. State law requires a 30-day comment period on favorable recommendations, but those 30 days expire after Arkansas' midazolam supply.
At a federal court hearing last week, prison officials testified they must conduct the executions with their current batch of midazolam, a sedative that is intended to mask the effects of drugs that will shut down the inmates' lungs and hearts. The inmates say midazolam is unsuitable because it is not a painkiller and could subject them to a cruel and unusual punishment in violation of the U.S. Constitution.
___
Follow Kelly P. Kissel on Twitter at www.twitter.com/kisselAP and go to http://bigstory.ap.org/author/kelly-p-kissel to see his work.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
As palladium prices soar to new records, platinum deserves to get a closer look from investors.
Palladium futures PAH8, +1.79% climbed by more than 55% in 2017. But the metal's price rise, “together with concerns regarding availability, have led some automakers to consider replacing palladium in gasoline cars with platinum, which can be used at a one-to-one ratio,” says Will Rhind, CEO of fund management company GraniteShares. “This could result in a modest decline in palladium demand, but a significant increase in platinum demand.”
His firm recently launched a physically-backed platinum exchange-traded fund in the U.S. — only the second such U.S.-listed investment offering. The GraniteShares Platinum Trust PLTM, +0.00% began trading on Jan. 22. The new fund arrives on the scene just as platinum looks ready to play catch-up with palladium. Platinum futures PLJ8, -1.18% finished off last year with a rise of less than 4%.
Year to date, however, platinum futures were up nearly 7% as of Friday, compared with an almost 2% loss for palladium futures. Platinum closed Friday at $999.40 an ounce, versus palladium's $1,044.95 an ounce.
“We think the rally in palladium seems to have peaked for the time being,” says Rhind.
Palladium has climbed to never-before-seen levels because of tight global supplies and its use in pollution-control catalytic converters in gasoline-powered vehicles.
“Platinum and palladium have very different demand profiles, with palladium demand dominated by its use in emissions control in gasoline cars,” says Rhind. “The global growth in gasoline vehicles has supported palladium demand and price has reflected this.”
Car shift
The automotive sector shifted away from platinum a number of years ago because it was more expensive than palladium. But with platinum trading at a discount to palladium since October of last year—for the first time in roughly 16 years—platinum may now look somewhat more appealing to the auto industry.
“Platinum is the better metal from a utility standpoint, but higher prices forced the switch,” says Tyler Richey, the co-editor of the Sevens Report. Now that platinum is cheaper than palladium, “we should see the opposite occur.”
That sort of shift, however, doesn't happen overnight, he says.
Chris Gaffney, president of World Markets at EverBank, agrees. “Shifting the production lines is not something which is easily done for these massive manufacturing companies. Many of these major automobile manufacturers have a long-term goal of switching to all electric-power plants, so spending money to switch from palladium back to platinum may not make sense,” he says.
Either way, Gaffney sees platinum outperforming palladium this year.
“Platinum has not kept pace with palladium and should revert back to trading at a premium, especially if we start to see catalytic-converter companies making the switch back to platinum.”
Check out: How lithium and cobalt are getting a boost from Tesla, Apple batteries
Demand climb
Platinum also doubles as a precious metal, and it's expected to get an additional lift from jewelry demand, which should “rebound and accelerate” this year, says Richey.
The World Platinum Investment Council (WPIC), which helped GraniteShares fund the development and launch of its ETF, forecasts a 2% rise to 8.03 million ounces in overall platinum demand for 2018, compared with 2017. Total global supplies of the metal are expected to fall by 1% this year to 7.755 million ounces, leaving a shortfall of 275,000 ounces.
The WPIC also forecast a climb in global platinum jewelry demand of 3% this year, which would mark the first annual increase since 2014. “Platinum is a metal with a very wide industrial application base, but it is also a precious metal and a store of value,” said Rhind.
Gaffney says that by year end, it's reasonable to expect platinum prices to be at $1,250 an ounce, with palladium a bit lower than that at $1,200 an ounce. That would imply a 25% rise in platinum prices from Friday's settlement.
More from Barron's: Tougher EU data rules mean pain for big companies — but not for this stock
This report first appeared at barrons.com on Feb. 3, 2018.
This week's spectacular crash of the Shanghai stock market tells us two things about China's recent economic troubles: It's less predictable, and less easily influenced by state intervention, than previously...
You can live in a home designed by Armani, Fendi or Missoni Coco Chanel once famously said, “Fashion is architecture.” But in 2016, the reverse rings true. Top houses are going beyond clothes, bags, jewelry and beauty to design haute home goods...
$60 million penthouse to double as birthday party venue We hear … that Elliman broker Lauren Muss is celebrating her birthday this Thursday at the Baccarat Hotel & Residence's $60 million duplex penthouse, which is also her listing. The five-bedroom,...
Inside New York's most expensive apartment buildings Everyone knows New York apartments are expensive. But this expensive? Real estate research firm CityRealty just released their ranking of the priciest properties in the city. The company's number-crunchers tallied the...
Asian investors are snapping up NYC's most prized properties New York's property market isn't just booming locally — it's tempting real estate companies from around the world. In particular, a surge of Asian investors has dominated the scene in recent years,...
Ousted La Grenouille brother bounces back Beloved restaurant director Charles Masson will run the eatery at the Lowell, the venerable boutique hotel undergoing a multimillion dollar restoration.
We hear ... That fashion bigwig Gerard Guez, founder of the Buddha Bar, held a birthday party earlier this week for real-estate mogul and Zuma NY co-owner Rotem Rosen at Buddha Bar Beach in...
Reddit users reportedly raised $160,000 for the man abused in a Facebook Live video last week that drew outrage from community leaders and got the attention of President Obama, who called the video “despicable.”
Razor Sheldon, who was identified in The Washington Post as the man behind the UpliftingNews subreddit, told the paper that he first set the goal at $5,000—to show the man that people out there cared. But donations surged. The report said as of Wednesday morning, 5,000 people from all 50 states have donated.
The attorney for the 18-year-old victim said his client's family is working class with modest means. The money will help him to go forward in treatment, he said.
“My clients are overwhelmed with the warm, kind generosity of perfect strangers,” Neal Strom, the lawyer said in a statement to The Chicago Sun-Times. “It just came out of the clear blue sky…It shows that there are good people out there after all [the victim] has been through.
Four suspects are facing charges of battery, kidnapping and hate crimes in connection with the attack on the 18-year-old victim. The suspects – two men and two women – are black and the victim is white.
Authorities said the victim was tied up for several hours. Video footage shows the assailants taunting him with profanities against white people and President-elect Donald Trump.
A GoFundMe spokesman confirmed the victim's family is working with the company on the campaign.
The family, through a spokesman, has declined to comment on the attack.
The Associated Press contributed to this report
KANSAS CITY –A Kansas City woman pleaded guilty in federal court Monday to her role in a marriage fraud conspiracy after participating in a wedding sting operation staged by federal agents, according to Tom Larson, Acting United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri.
Stephanie Harris, 22, of Kansas City, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Gary A. Fenner to the charges contained in an Aug. 31, 2016, federal indictment.
Harris admitted that she participated in a conspiracy to assist African nationals in circumventing immigration laws by arranging fraudulent marriages. Co-defendants Delmar Dixon, 49, Kakeland Barnes, 37, Shakeisha Harrison, 37, and Traci R. Porter, 44, all of Kansas City, also have pleaded guilty to their roles in the marriage fraud conspiracy. In addition to the conspiracy, Dixon pleaded guilty to falsely swearing in an immigration matter.
Dixon admitted that he arranged 30 to 40 fraudulent marriages, including his own. Dixon charged the African nationals $1,000 upfront for his services, which included providing them U.S. citizen spouses. The African nationals were additionally required to pay $500 to the spouse at the time of the wedding, and an additional $500 immediately after completion of the wedding. They were required to pay their spouses $250 each month after the weddings until the immigration process was complete. The African nationals were coached by Dixon on how to make their marriages appear legitimate.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) agents utilized a confidential informant in a pretend ceremony that was staged by ICE-HSI. The confidential informant arranged a meeting with Dixon, paid the required fees, and married Harris, the spouse provided to him by Dixon, in a pretend ceremony staged by ICE-HSI on Nov. 24, 2015. The confidential informant continued to pay the $250 monthly fee to Harris for the fraudulent purported marriage through August 2016.
On a prior occasion, Dixon arranged for a marriage between Harris and a Kenyan national. Although they applied for and received a marriage license, they did not marry.
ICE-HSI also utilized an undercover agent in their investigation. The agent met with Dixon, who introduced the agent to Barnes, his intended spouse, on Jan. 23, 2016. Dixon advised the undercover agent that he and Barnes should rent an apartment in the Kansas City area and obtain life insurance policies together. The undercover agent also spoke alone with Barnes. Barnes told the agent she was involved with another man and had three children. She signified she understood the marriage would be a business transaction. The agent made a payment to Dixon and kept in contact with Dixon regarding his marriage. On February 19, 2016, the undercover agent wired $250 to Barnes and $500 to Dixon. Both retrieved the payments later that day. Dixon also offered the undercover agent $300 for each new client he referred.
Under federal statutes, Harris is subject to a sentence of up to five years in federal prison without parole. The maximum statutory sentence is prescribed by Congress and is provided here for informational purposes, as the sentencing of the defendants will be determined by the court based on the advisory sentencing guidelines and other statutory factors. Sentencing hearings will be scheduled after the completion of presentence investigations by the United States Probation Office.
This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Kim Moore. It was investigated by Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Fraud Detection and National Security.
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly, a release date can change at very short notice. Usually the closer a film is to its release date, the less likely its release date (and any other information) will change.
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website. The links are provided "as is" with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them.
Last update was at 09:34 2nd January 2017
Several times during the day and sometimes at night, 77-year-old Jeong-Suk Cha has to put her 48-year-old son Alex in a sling.
She's a shade under five feet tall, slight, maybe 120 pounds. He's about 180 pounds and must be moved carefully.
Like countless other Ontario residents — so many a $100-million class-action suit has just been launched against the province — Jeong-Suk often has to work alone.
First she glides a lift over top of Alex, places colour-coded straps around his body, and pushes the button that lifts the straps and sling.
She then pushes him: to bed, from bed; to the toilet, from the toilet; to a lounge chair, from a lounge chair, to his wheelchair, from his wheelchair.
He spends a lot of his time in his motorized wheelchair, and when he slumps a bit too far, his mother has to reach from behind and pull him up. That recently gave her a four-month stint of bruised ribs.
“I used to say, only age is a number,” says Jeong Suk, her English slightly broken inside a soft Korean accent.
“But now,” she says about her struggles, “the age is right.”
Someone has to stay with Alex 24 hours a day, and despite considerable help from his sister Jin Cha, friend Michael Kerr, and personal support workers, the bulk of the work has fallen to the elderly Korean woman.
“I always talk to him now, ‘Before I die you have to . . .'” Jeong-Suk says but cannot finish because her face bows in tears.
Alex Cha, 48, is lowered to his bed by his mom, Jeong Cha, 78, and guided by his sister, Jin Cha, at their north London condominium on Tuesday, April 11, 2017. (MIKE HENSEN, The London Free Press)
Alex, who has cerebral palsy and spinal cord damage, is on a wait list for a bed in a residential care facility.
Only in the most superficial ways can it be called a wait list. Or perhaps a wait list in the deepest of ways.
Those who run agencies supporting severely physically disabled adults call it the 50-year wait list. If there are 50 people on the list, chances are you're waiting 50 years to get the support you need.
Years of frustration over waiting for services has boiled over recently, with calls for change in the Ontario legislature and a week ago, a class-action lawsuit filed by Toronto law firm Koskie Minsky.
The lawsuit seeks $100 million in damages for negligence, claiming the Ontario government denies services to developmentally disabled adults through wait lists administered in an “ad hoc, inconsistent and unreasonable manner.”
The inconsistency is apparent in the South West Local Health Integration Network that oversees provincial health-care spending in a region stretching from Tobermory to Lake Erie, and Newbury to Stratford.
If you're a senior or an adult with moderate physical disabilities, you qualify for a personal support worker. Even in this category, there are 296 people in the local LHIN waiting for help.
If you're between 18 and 21 with medically complex needs, you qualify for one of 12 beds available across the entire region.
If you're an adult, not a youth or yet a senior, you have even dimmer prospects.
Officials with the South West LHIN acknowledge they don't have a handle on the number of medically complex or developmentally delayed adults seeking residential care or how many spaces are available.
“The South West LHIN began working with our partners in 2014 to develop a more comprehensive assisted living model that could support people with more complex medical needs or fragility to live in the community. This type of model is far more intensive and requires 24/7 on-site staff with specialized training,” Michael Barrett said in a written response to questions.
“We do not yet have the fulsome monthly reports available to us to give us more detailed information on the number of referrals, client characteristics or wait list data.”
Last year, Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dube released a report critical of Ontario's care of developmentally disabled adults including those with cerebral palsy. At the time, there were 9,700 people waiting for residential care across the province.
In the South West LHIN, London's Participation House has 40 spaces available, and 60 to 90 on the waiting list.
That's where Alex would like to go.
The brief outline of Alex's story first came to light three weeks ago when London West New Democrat MPP Peggy Sattler held a news conference at Participation House, then raised the issue in the legislature. Health Minister Dr. Eric Hoskins promised to look into the matter, but acknowledged Ontario's disabled residents need more help.
At the news conference, Alex's sister and tireless advocate, Jin Cha, spoke for an allotted two minutes.
She invited The Free Press to take a closer look at the family's challenges, in an effort to push for the province to provide more housing for adults with complex physical disabilities, like her brother.
“Alex has a sharp brain but he's trapped in that body,” she says in interviews at the condo he shares with their mother.
Born with cerebral palsy, Alex was an active person for a long time. But he fell in 2004 while brushing his teeth, and suffered neurological and spinal cord damage.
He spent the summer in Parkwood Institute and after, Jin moved to the family house for a while to help her widowed mother look after him. They put a stair glide, porch lift and grab bars in the home to help.
They also put Alex on a wait list for a bed at Participation House.
Over the next 13 years, Alex suffered more falls, including one in 2015 that put him back in Parkwood and left him with a loose bone pinching on his spinal cord, the loss of almost all mobility, and the threat of one more fall killing him.
The family sold their home, and moved Alex and his mother into a condo apartment.
Jin lives in the same building, with her nephew, whom she persuaded to join in the family round-the-clock care.
“We do try to focus on the positive,” Jin says in a visit marked by laughter as well as tears. She often takes a break from telling the story to put a hand on her brother, tease him and confirm with him what she's saying.
The doctors, the personal support workers, the people she's been hounding at the LHIN are all kind, she says.
But looking after Alex takes a lot of work. Jin is the organizer. She has created a binder with 69 pages of photographs showing each step of his daily exercises. Another binder for personal support workers contains five sections, toileting (with 64 photographs and instructions), extra clothes to show where they are kept, getting him out of bed (37 photographs with instructions), washing routine (23 pages) and breakfast (five pages).
“He cannot direct his own care. He can't verbally tell someone something.”
A full-time teacher, Jin figures she spends an average of two hours each day organizing personal support worker schedules, doctor's appointments, regular blood tests and other chores. She's the one who makes sure he continues to get the assessments to stay on the wait list.
Alex is allowed a personal support worker for 90 hours a month, although Jin has fought hard enough to get that bumped up to 140 until the end of April.
The only time her mother can get out of the house or take a break on weekdays is during a four-hour personal support worker visit. On Sundays, she rushes to church and back while the family helps.
The rest of the days, suffering from arthritis herself, Jeong-Suk has to do Alex's physio and massages, wash his clothes — sometime soiled — make his meals, brush his teeth, turn him so he doesn't get bed sores, scratch him when he's itchy, shower him and on and on.
“I can't get her recharged. She doesn't know what that is,” Jin says.
As her mother ages, Jin has stepped up efforts to get Alex into residential care.
“We are a private family, but we can't keep quiet anymore. We don't have a voice.”
She has prepared packages of information for the LHIN and The Free Press, including his discharge documents from Parkwood.
“Client should receive total assistance for AM and PM routine (bathing, dressing, grooming, toileting) and feeding.”
The alternative offered to men and women like Alex is long-term care, with seniors.
Alex is not a senior. He spends hours online at night communicating with others.
“He has a sharp brain. Everything works. He tells really bad jokes but he thinks he's funny,” Jin says, turning to smile at him and tap his knee.
When he was told he had to live in a seniors' home, Alex wanted to talk to the family doctor.
Jin starts to cry when she explains why.
“What he's saying is he would rather die than go into a nursing home. It's a death sentence. It's like I'm choosing my mom's life over his.”
In the package prepared for the LHIN is a note from Alex, typed out slowly with the index finger of his one good hand, his right, on his computer.
The thought of going to long-term care: “I rather die if I have to go there. I really need help.”
But the note contains humour as well.
“My family members can't take care of me because they got to work & to be honest their patience is nothing writing home about sometimes.”
In a short visit at his home, Alex's humour often breaks through his damaged body.
It's a sign of the life inside that his family wants to keep alive.
“It's not your fault,” Jin says after detailing the strain on the family. “I'm just trying to be a voice for you.”
Alex tries to say something. I love you, perhaps.
“We'd come and visit you every day,” Jin promises.
Alex roars in laughter, reacting the same way every adult would at that thought.
“Oh God,” he says.
rrichmond@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RandyRatLFPress
By Geordon Omand, The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- Legal marijuana will be sold in plain packages emblazoned with a yellow health warning and a red stop sign stamped with the silhouette of a pot leaf, according to draft regulations released Monday by Health Canada.
The proposed rules will allow for packaging to depict a single brand element beyond a company's name -- either a logo or a slogan -- but which may not contain any metallic or fluorescent colours and must be smaller than the stop sign symbol.
The stringent restrictions around marijuana packaging and labelling are contained in a report from Health Canada summarizing the results of a 60-day public feedback process the department began last November around its original regulatory suggestions.
The consultation received more than 3,200 online submissions and 450 written responses, in addition to input from health and law enforcement experts, governments, patient advocates and marijuana industry representatives.
The government's focus remains reducing the appeal of pot among youth, preventing accidental consumption and informing consumers about the health risks of marijuana, Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor said.
"The red stop sign -- it's an alarmist type of sign and people are going to recognize that they have to be aware that there is cannabis inside this product," Petitpas Taylor said Monday.
"It's also a sign and a symbol that children and adults can identify. It's been tested through focus groups."
Other governments and industry actors have been pushing Ottawa to release more details around its packaging and labelling rules in order to have enough time to prepare for legalization, she added.
"We have heard loud and clear from provinces and territories, and also from stakeholders, that they needed to have this information regarding packaging as soon as possible to start with the commercialization of the cannabis products."
Legislation to legalize recreational marijuana is currently before the Senate, which has agreed to hold a final vote on the bill by June 7. Petitpas Taylor has said provincial governments will need another two to three months after that before retail sales can legally begin.
The regulations will also require packaging to be opaque, child-resistant and have mechanisms to show signs of tampering, as well as a section describing the amount of active ingredients contained in the product, including THC and cannabidiol.
Petitpas Taylor said she expects the regulatory framework Health Canada proposed Monday will be closely mirrored in the finalized version, which will apply to recreational cannabis as soon as it is legally available.
The packaging regulations will also apply to medical marijuana but a Health Canada official said, in that case, manufacturers will have a six-month window in which to comply.
Health Canada also proposed two new categories of small-scale producers -- micro-cultivators and micro-processors -- where lower-level security requirements would apply to businesses that grow or process smaller amounts of marijuana.
Micro-cultivators would be allowed to grow marijuana with a plant canopy of 200 square metres, which Health Canada described as equivalent to half the space between the blue lines on a standard Canadian hockey rink.
The Canadian public broadly supports the tight regulations it has so far proposed for marijuana packaging, the federal government said.
"Are you and people like you trained to talk to people like me?"
The 17-year-old transgender girl's question took medical student Nicholas Bonenfant by surprise. The gay pediatrician-in-training was leading a medical questions-and-answers session in a Boston LGBTQ youth clinic in July 2016. He came prepared to answer questions about anxiety and acne, not transgender health. Having received little training on the topic, he felt helpless.
"I was so caught off guard by what she asked, but also, I just didn't have an answer to give her," Bonenfant told NBC Out.
“ I think if I had had a pediatrician who felt more like an ally to me, I would have been a much more confident kid … I wouldn't have struggled so much, through all adolescence, with just accepting who I was.”
The girl, who was assigned male at birth, told Bonenfant that when she went to see a pediatrician, he argued with her about her gender identity.
"She felt a lot of judgment in her pediatrician's office in the city, which was surprising to hear," Bonenfant said.
Her story reminded the the University of Vermont medical student of his own experience going to a pediatrician and the reason he decided to become one. He recalled the pediatrician often joking about whether he had a girlfriend, or if there were any "cute girls" in his class.
"When I was young like that, I knew that my feelings and emotions didn't match what this medical authority — this pediatrician — was saying, which made me feel like there was something wrong," Bonenfant said.
Medical Student Nick Bonenfant '17 working in an acting internship in the Pediatrics Department at the UVM Medical Center. David Seaver / UVM Larner College of Medicine
The 27-year-old decided to help future pediatricians be better aware of LGBTQ health issues, especially those affecting transgender kids and LGBTQ youth of color.
"From the experiences I've seen, some pediatricians don't have the patient population or the knowledge based in transgender health to provide the most comprehensive care," Bonenfant said.
LGBTQ youth of color also face a number of disparities in seeking and accessing health care, according to Bonenfant. He pointed to statistics from the Centers for Disease Control that show 38 percent of African American males who received an HIV diagnosis in 2015 were between the ages of 13 and 24.
"A lot of these kids don't have the structural or financial support to get the medical help that they need," he explained. According to Advocates for Youth, LGBTQ youth of color are less likely to be out to their families. Bonenfant said some LGBTQ youth, regardless of race, may avoid medical help due to fear a pediatrician will out them to family.
"Feeling as though a pediatrician or provider wouldn't maintain confidentiality in disclosing an LGBT identity is something else that I've heard from kids that I've spoken to," Bonenfant said.
For his fourth-year research project, Bonenfant developed a series of educational resources for medical students on topics related to LGBTQ health. They include electronic learning modules that focus on PreP (an HIV-preventive medication), transgender health and the unique barriers faced by LGBTQ youth of color. He believes his project can prepare future pediatricians to be strong advocates and confidential allies for LGBTQ kids.
Fourth-year medical student Nicholas Bonenfant presents his scholarly project to UVM Medical Center residents Andy Duback / UVM Larner College of Medicine
"I think if I had had a pediatrician who felt more like an ally to me, I would have been a much more confident kid," Bonenfant said. "I wouldn't have struggled so much, through all adolescence, with just accepting who I was."
In March, Bonenfant presented his research to medical students at a national conference in California. He said he is working with his adviser to incorporate the learning modules into the curriculum at the University of Vermont's Robert Larner College of Medicine, where he studies. He said he also plans to make the resources available on MedEdPORTAL, an open-access publication available nationally to medical students and health professionals.
"Right now we're hoping to make a big impact here at UVM, but taking it to a bigger level is something that would be fantastic," he said.
Bonenfant will start his pediatric residency training at a local hospital in Vermont after he graduates in May, and plans to specialize in LGBTQ health when he becomes a practicing pediatrician. He said his biggest motivation is not only educating others, but himself.
"It's taught me to try to never alienate a patient the way that I felt when I was younger, and that our education isn't from what we're told to learn, but that it's so important to explore topics that we come across and educate ourselves as best we can," Bonenfant concluded.
OutFront is a weekly NBC Out series profiling LGBTQ people who are making a positive difference in the community.
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Valentine's Day sharpens pain for immigrants separated from their families
Calexico, California, Feb 14 (EFE).- February 14 will not feel like Valentine's Day for thousands of immigrants and their families who live apart, but at least Samanta and Marco could visit through a metal fence and he could get to know his US-born son a bit.
The young couple reflects a reality that is made even harsher amid the emotional message of Valentine's Day.
Thousands of immigrants have to deal with being separated from their families, trying to get by in a hostile environment, navigating the anti-immigrant policy of US President Donald Trump and living with the possibility of being deported to their countries where they have no job opportunities.
“It's very difficult, it makes me very emotional, but since I can see them from the other side I think they're better off. Later, I'm hoping to cross (the border) to be able to hug them,” Marco Yanez, 21 – who lives in Mexicali, the Mexican city across the border from Calexico, California – told EFE.
Yanez, who does not have the proper documents to be able to reunite with his family in the US.
Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos, married with two children, was deported to Mexico after living for about 20 years in Arizona for using a false Social Security Number to find work, and her case is just one of many similar stories.
Lydia Guzman, the head of the immigration committee for the League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC), told EFE that the fear among families of being separated is causing deep psychological damage and, with the recent deportation raids, immigrants have been living with their vulnerability and deep uncertainty.
“Although in Arizona the raids haven't begun, they're working on operations, ‘hunting' people who are reported to Immigration and Customs Enforcement and those who have an (outstanding) deportation order. They're going to their houses early in the morning,” she said.
Guzman said that the environment for the undocumented community is much more hostile than it was during the Barack Obama administration, given that the rules have been drastically changed by the new president.
“Now, immigrants are the priority. I advise them to talk with attorneys and get prepared for what's to come,” she said.
Salvador Reza, the representative for day laborers on the Tonatierra Neighborhood Defense Committee, based in Phoenix, said that the situation for immigrants right now is critical.
The activist told EFE that with the massive deportation policies, immigrants are returning to Mexico where they find only rejection, lack of opportunities and corruption.
“The situation is deplorable,” he said, adding that “Trump's aim is to deport about nine million people.”
Immigrants agree that the threat became a reality when Trump, on his third day as president, signed an executive order to build the border wall with Mexico he had promised during his campaign to construct.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: ghananewsagency.org
2017-10-06
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo on Thursday said Ghana could be a hub for food production in Sub-Saharan Africa if Ghanaians embraced agricultural programmes being rolled out by government.
President Akufo-Addo said the country was blessed with numerous agricultural potentials and government was prepared to tap such potentials through the ‘planting for food and jobs policy' which is aimed at promoting quality agricultural activities and ensuring food security in the country.
The President who addressed the Chiefs and people of the Garu-Tempane traditional area when he inspected the Tamde Irrigational Project in the Garu-Tempane district of the Upper East Region as part of his two-day working visit said government was focusing on facilitating the smooth running of the ‘one village-one dam project' which would complement the planting for food and jobs programme.
He explained that when this was done, every Ghanaian would be encouraged and confident to venture into farming for food and eventually food stuff would be in abundance for local consumption and export to countries in the sub-region.
President Akufo Addo said about 250,000 farmers had registered to be supported under the Planting for Food and Jobs Programme(PFJP) this year, adding that plans were far advanced to support farmers with logistics including farm inputs, fertilizer subsidy among others to ensure quality food production.
Touching on the free education programme, he said government was aware of the challenges confronting the programme, including the logistics and infrastructure challenges, and indicated that efforts were being made to resolve them in the shortest possible time.
The President indicated that it was very important for every young person to have access to free and quality education, and noted that, regardless of the shortcomings involved in rolling out the Free SHS system, the younger generations must not be denied the right to access a deserving right.
The President assured the people of government's willingness to revamp the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) and restructure the health system in the country to provide quality health services to the door steps of the citizenry.
He charged stakeholders including traditional authorities to fight smuggling in all its forms including subsidised fertilizers outside the country as it was criminal and detrimental to the development of agriculture in the country.
“The fertilizers are meant for producing food for consumption and so it is illegal for anybody to indulge in that act”, he warned.
The President announced the creation of new districts in the area and said the Tempane area met all the conditions to have its own district and therefore was being considered to be elevated to a district status.
Mr Jacob Jambeidu, spokesperson for the chiefs in the area, commended the president for implementing the free senior high school programme, the restoration of the teacher and nurse's allowance among others.
He lamented on the lack of health facilities in the district and called on the President to consider providing the area with a district hospital as the about 190,000 people living in the district travel to Bawku and other nearby districts to access health care which had been a worry to the people.
He called on government to improve on the road network and connect communities in the district to the national grid to improve on their socio-economic lives.
The President earlier inspected work on the Bolgatanga-Bawku road which is a major link road between Ghana and her neighbours including Togo, Burkina Faso, Niger, Mali and other West African states.
Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
Adam Gase discusses Dolphins loss against the Patriots
Adam Beasley recaps Dolphins' loss against the Patriots
Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase talks about having a healthy team
Miami Dolphins quarterback Matt Moore speaks to the media
Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
The United States of Powerball
1:38
A measure that would prohibit restaurants from providing single-use plastic straws unless requested by a customer was approved by the Assembly on Wednesday and will now be considered by the state Senate.
Straws are the fifth most common item gathered at beach clean ups, according to 5 Gyres. Those that remain in the ocean typically break down into small particles and can be mistaken for food by marine animals.
The proposed law, AB 1884, is intended to reduce the number of straws that end up on the beach and in the ocean, as well as in landfills. An unofficial tally of the Democrat-backed bill showed it passed in a 46-19 party-line vote with 13 members not casting votes.
“AB 1884 will help us meet our solid-waste goals and reduce the negative effects of plastic pollution,” said Assembly Majority Leader Ian Calderon, D-Whittier, co-author of the measure. “By removing the default behavior of providing straws with every drink, a consumer is given the chance to make a deliberate, small change that will lessen the harmful impacts of discarded plastic straws in our environment.”
Related: 6 California bills targeting plastics that end up on the beach and in the ocean
Assemblyman Matthew Harper, R-Huntington Beach, was among those opposing the measure.
“California businesses already have too much regulation,” Harper said. “Going after litterers is the way to address the problem, not going after the restaurants. … You hardly get anybody who gets cited for litter. That's something that should be stepped up.”
In February, the Malibu City Council voted unanimously to ban restaurants and food vendors from offering plastic straws, stirrers and cutlery. Manhattan Beach, Santa Cruz, Davis and San Luis Obispo have related restrictions. Additionally, many restaurants have decided on their own to limit the use of single-use plastic straws. It is one of several criteria than can qualify eateries for the Surfrider Foundation's list of ocean-friendly restaurants.
Rohingya refugees line up to get food aid from a local NGO after arriving from Myanmar at the Balukali refugee camp in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh. More than half a million Rohingya refugees have flooded into Bangladesh to flee an offensive by Myanmar's military that the United Nations has called "a textbook example of ethnic cleansing." The refugee population is expected to swell further, with thousands more Rohingya Muslims making the perilous journey on foot toward the border, or paying smugglers to take them across by water in wooden boats.
Getty Images
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Hull FC will face fierce rivals Hull Kingston Rovers in a pre-season friendly.
The cross-city rivals will lock horns on Sunday January 14, with the winning club receiving the Clibe Sullivan Trophy.
It will be the first of four confirmed games between the two clubs next year, with the Black and Whites facing the Robins in two regular Super League fixtures along with the Magic Weekend.
Steve McNamara will then bring take Catalans to the KCOM Stadium a week later in what will be Hull's second and final pre-season game.
“The two fixtures that we've got will help us be prepared for round one of Super League, they're something that we must have and they're important,” head coach Lee Radford said.
“Whilst being respectful to the teams that we'll be playing, it's important that we don't pick up any injuries as well as getting a good run out.
“They'll be interesting games and they're chances for the kids to step up and show what they can do.”
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:25 One dead, one injured in uptown shooting
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Share
Mercedes-Benz is revamping the lower rungs of its lineup with new versions of its compact A-Class. A hatchback model aimed primarily at the European market debuted at the 2018 Geneva Motor Show in March, and now a sedan version is making its debut at the 2018 Beijing Auto Show. While the version you see here is Chinese-spec, expect the Mercedes-Benz A-Class sedan to make its way to the United States eventually.
For now, Mercedes is only showing the A-Class L version of the sedan. “L” stands for “long wheelbase,” an option that's common in China. The A-Class L has a wheelbase stretched 6.0 centimeters (2.3 inches), and will be sold only in China. But an upcoming standard-wheelbase version will likely be sold in the U.S. as the new entry-level Mercedes (excluding the Metris van), according to Car and Driver, allowing the CLA-Class to move upmarket.
Aside from the presence of a trunk, everything about the A-Class sedan is virtually identical to the hatchback model unveiled in Geneva. That includes the new MBUX infotainment system (short for Mercedes-Benz User Experience), which features a screen setup closer to that of larger Mercedes models, and a more sophisticated voice-recognition system.
In China, the A-Class sedan will launch with a 1.3-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine rated at 163 horsepower. A 2.0-liter turbo four-cylinder with 187 hp will arrive later. Both engines will be mated to a seven-speed dual-clutch transmission. As before, the A-Class is based on a front-wheel drive platform, and Mercedes will likely offer all-wheel drive as an option.
The U.S. powertrain lineup will be revealed at a later date, as will detail on high-performance AMG models. The new AMG A-Class has a lot to live up to, as the outgoing AMG A45 (as well as its CLA45 and GLA45 siblings) boasts a titanic 375 horsepower. In keeping with its current product cadence, Mercedes will likely offer both a direct replacement for the AMG A45 and a less-powerful AMG model below it.
The Mercedes-Benz A-Class sedan will launch in China during the second half of this year, and we should see a version aimed at other markets around that time as well. Meanwhile, Mercedes is also using the 2018 Beijing Auto Show to debut a very different kind of vehicle: The ultra-glitzy Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury electric SUV concept.
ROCHESTER, N.Y. — New York's governor has ordered flags on all state buildings to be flown at half-staff to honour the late Congresswoman Louise Slaughter on Friday, the day of her funeral.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo (KWOH'-moh) calls the fellow Democrat from the Rochester area a “trailblazer” who fought tirelessly for her home district.
Slaughter died on Friday at a Washington hospital where she was being treated after falling at her home. She was 88.
The Kentucky native served 31 years in the House and was the first woman to chair the House Rules Committee.
Calling hours will be held on Wednesday and Thursday at a Rochester funeral home. Her funeral is set for Friday at the Eastman Theatre.
Conventional pro football wisdom suggests that pass catchers begin to hit stride in their third year. That's when some greats like Jerry Rice and Lance Allworth had their first chart-topping seasons toward Hall of Fame careers.
While it's far too early to suggest anyone from the rookie class of 2016 are locks to reach Canton, fantasy football players should take a closer look at several third-year receivers who have a chance to be highly productive this season.
Michael Thomas (Saints) and Tyreek Hill (Chiefs) have already established their fantasy credentials and will be gone early in fantasy drafts. Hunter Henry (Chargers) would have been a lock to be off most boards by the seventh round but a torn ACL sustained in practice last week ended his 2018 campaign.
One third-year receiver to watch is Houston's Will Fuller, whose draft value could have been several rounds higher had quarterback Deshaun Watson not suffered a season-ending knee injury. With Watson throwing, Fuller had a four-game stretch where he caught seven touchdowns on just 22 targets. If both he and Watson are healthy, the duo could be good for 8-10 scoring strikes, especially if Fuller's average targets per game increases. Fuller will be a great back-end draft selection.
Sterling Shepard of the Giants will benefit from the arrival of running back Saquon Barkley and the return of Odell Beckham, Jr. Even with Eli Manning's struggles in 2017, Shepard would have eclipsed 1,000 receiving yards had he not missed five games. Shepard improved his catch percentage to 70.2 percent and his yards per game to 66.5, potential signs of a breakout in 2018. He would make a sneaky good flex option in point-per-reception formats and could equal the eight touchdowns he scored as a rookie.
Cleveland's Corey Coleman, Josh Doctson of Washington and Malcolm Mitchell of the Patriots are each later stage targets who have both the upside and opportunity to take bigger steps forward. In the case of Mitchell, his recovery from knee surgery makes him a deep sleeper worth an endgame play.
RETURN OF THE PRODIGAL REDBIRD
Cardinals pitcher Alex Reyes made his return to the mound on Wednesday, his first appearance since having Tommy John surgery in 2016. One of the game's elite prospects, Reyes will cause a frenzy in leagues where he is eligible to picked up in free agency. Those looking to pursue the hard-throwing Reyes should proceed with caution as the Cards will treat him with kid gloves. There is strikeout potential there, but expectations need to be tempered.
Reyes' return will also spark a run on trade proposals for those who own him in keeper/dynasty leagues. Reyes owners could sell high, especially if winning immediately is a priority.
SAY "YES" TO BOWYER AT POCONO
Clint Bowyer has yet to win at Pocono Raceway, site of Sunday's NASCAR Monster Energy Pocono 400. Bowyer ($9,400 at DraftKings, $10,600 at FanDuel) has 10 top 10 finishes in 24 career visits to the track, including a sixth-place finish last year.
Since a second-place finish at Dover, Bowyer has finished 15th at Kansas and 12th at Charlotte, breaking what had been a streak of four straight top 10 finishes. Look for him to have a solid outing as he stands a good chance to earn his first checkered flag at Pocono.
___
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the Fantasy Sports Network, http://FNTSY.com
Social media marketing is a good way to get the word out about your business, products and/or services. But, there are times when you have to be cognisant of the fact that social media marketing has the potential to draw you in and become a major time absorber.
If you want to ensure that social media is not controlling you, follow these tips.
HAVE A PLAN OR ACTION
Don't do anything without a plan. You need a satnav to get to your destination; you also need a plan to guide your social media marketing to ensure that it will work well for your business.
CREATE A SOCIAL MEDIA CONTENT CALENDAR
Plan ahead according to the products and services you want to promote to craft posts and updates that have a purpose. If you have a calendar with pre-written posts, you can easily schedule them to work with your product launches and other events.
AVOID TIME-SUCKING ACTIVITIES
You know it is simple to get sucked into yet another personality quiz or discussions about that delicious plate of pasta your friend just made, not to mention all the games – but don't do it. It's fine to have fun, but do it after your work is complete.
OUTSOURCE SCHEDULING
Once you create a content calendar that matches your promotions you can give the list of updates to someone else to schedule and monitor. However, don't make that an excuse not to engage personally.
TAKE TIME TO COMMENT AND ENGAGE
Even if you outsource parts of your social media marketing, be sure to personally comment and engage your followers so that they realise you are a real person they can get to know, like and trust.
DO MORE OF WHAT WORKS
If you do something that works, do more of it and less of what doesn't. Monitor the metrics of everything that you do so that you are positive about what is working and what is not.
EACH POST NEEDS A REASON FOR BEING
Don't post something without a purpose. If you don't know why you are posting it, don't bother.
DON'T FORGET YOUR CALL TO ACTION
Everything you do should have a CTA. Whether it is to share, follow, or click, ensure clarity about what you want your audience members to do. If they know what you want them to do, they're more likely to do it.
Using social media correctly to market your business is an essential element today in the world of advertising and marketing. Social media marketing can be very effective and inexpensive if you are careful not to waste time and effort on messing around, becoming distracted and doing things that have no purpose.
BREAKING NEWS
Facebook
Facebook Starts Training Consumers on News Feed Changes: This past week, Facebook users were greeted with a card at the top of the news feed notifying them Facebook is “making some updates so you see more from [friends and family]” and a link to a Help Center page that explains “what kinds of posts [they] will see in News Feed.” The post notes that the content users are seeing first in their news feed is influenced by their connections and activity on Facebook. It also notes that the number of comments, likes, and reactions on a post influences how high it will appear in the news feed.
Facebook Announces Upcoming Changes to Messenger: Facebook shared its 2018 plans for Messenger, which include “massively simplifying and streamlining Messenger.” According to the company announcement, this entails shaping the platform to become “a true Customer Care channel” and driving richer messaging experiences for all types of businesses and brands. Facebook will also continue to encourage more real-time communication, roll out more features and tools, and invest in more visual features on Messenger this year.
Facebook Tests New Stories Features for the Desktop: Facebook is testing the option to create and share stories from Facebook on the desktop, as well as moving them to a much more prominent placement at the top of the news feed instead of in the sidebar. Previously, Facebook users on the web could only consume stories that had to be created on mobile.
Facebook “Quiet Mode” Feature for Videos Rolls Out to Mobile: Last month, Facebook added a Quiet Mode button that allows videos to continue playing without the disruption of the comments and reactions to the video on the desktop. It appears that this button has now been expanded to the mobile app.
Facebook Launches a New List Post Feature: It appears that Facebook introduced a new post feature called List that allows users to create a numbered list with a title. Facebook also offers suggestions on types of lists to create such as “My goals for 2018” and “My lifetime bucket list.”
Facebook Business Manager Rolls Out a New Test and Learn Tool: Under the Measure and Report section of Facebook's Business Manager, there's a new Test and Learn tool that allows admins “to easily create advertising tests that help [them] find the strategies that work best for [their] business.”
Facebook Now Asks Your Goals When Boosting Posts: Facebook now asks what marketers' goals are when they boost a post. They can select from two options, either “get likes, comments, and shares” or “engage and chat with potential customers.” Facebook will automatically show the posts to people who are most likely to engage with it.
Instagram
Instagram Introduces GIF Stickers and Ability to Upload Photos and Videos of Any Size to Stories: Instagram announced that users can now “add fun, expressive GIF stickers to any photo or video” in their story. There are now “hundreds of thousands of moving stickers powered by GIPHY” to select from when you add a sticker to Instagram stories. This feature will also highlight what's currently trending on GIPHY and is available for iOS and Android as part of Instagram version 29.
Instagram also announced that in the “coming weeks,” users will be able to upload photos and videos of any size to their Instagram stories. According to Instagram, photos and videos can now be shown as a square, portrait, or landscape and any extra room will be filled with a custom colour gradient that matches the content that has been shared.
Instagram Tests Recording and Screenshot Alert Feature for Stories: Instagram is reportedly testing a new feature that notifies users when another user has taken a screenshot or a screen recording of their Instagram stories.
LinkedIn
LinkedIn Starts Rolling Out Changes to Groups: Last week, LinkedIn announced plans to reintegrate LinkedIn Groups back into the core LinkedIn experience and sunset its stand-alone iOS app for Groups as of February 15, 2018. In a follow-up email, LinkedIn notified group admins and moderators that they'll start real-time alerts for social activities on group posts including likes, comments, and @mentions, and for membership activities like group invitations within the Notifications tab on the LinkedIn website and mobile apps.
Snapchat
Snapchat Adds Ability to Share Select Stories Beyond the App: Snapchat added the ability to share three types of Stories with other people who don't have the app. These include Official Stories from verified accounts; Our Stories, which are hand-curated stories from specific events; and Search Stories, which are public, user-generated stories that are found by searching keywords and they can now be viewed through a new web player on Snapchat.com.
Twitter
Twitter Uses Machine Learning to Crop Photo Previews: Twitter rolled out a new tool powered by machine learning that crops thumbnails within tweets to feature the more interesting parts of the images. Twitter initially began using facial recognition to crop images to faces but found this method doesn't work with photos of scenery, objects, text, and animals. Their solution is “cropping using saliency,” which means identifying the most interesting thing in a picture based on eye-tracking studies and other research. This update is currently being rolled out to everyone on Twitter.com, iOS, and Android.
WhatsApp
WhatsApp Officially Launches WhatsApp Business App in Select Markets: WhatsApp rolled out WhatsApp Business, a new app that “will make it easier for companies to connect with customers and more convenient for [its] 1.3 billion users to chat with businesses that matter to them.” The app is currently only available for Android devices in Indonesia, Italy, Mexico, the UK, and the U.S. but is rolling out more broadly around the world “in the coming weeks.”
YouTube
YouTube Announces Tougher Policies Around Monetization and Partnerships: In light of offensive content, scandals, and community issues involving YouTube this past year, the platform announced a “new approach” to monetization and partnerships in an effort to regain advertisers' and creators' trust.
YouTube Expands Official Artist Channels to Include All Subscribers: Last year, YouTube launched official artist channels to make it easier for fans to find official videos, live performances, albums, and more from their favourite artists under one channel. This week, YouTube is “simplifying things even more” by bringing together all of an artist's subscribers under their official artist channel.
The Looming Tower Wednesday, 3 a.m., Hulu Longtime theater actor Bill Camp impressed viewers with his quietly intense portrayal of Dennis Box in the 2016 summer series “The Night Of”...
A man from Wrexham has been jailed after a court heard how he downloaded the most appalling images of child sex abuse available.
The images were described as “absolutely awful” and “shocking” at Mold Crown Court.
It was feared that defendant Stephen Anthony Harris, 41, was unlikely to ever change.
Some of the images and movies involved the rape of toddlers as young as three who had been bound with tape.
Harris, of Market Street in Rhos, had previous convictions for downloading images.
Judge Rhys Rowlands jailed him for three years and ordered him to register with the police as a sex offender indefinitely.
He was also made the subject of a new Sexual Harm Prevention Order.
Judge Rowlands told Harris that in August 2015 he was made the subject of a three-year community order for making and possessing indecent images of children, but he was now back before the court after he committed similar offences in breach of the order.
He had other previous convictions and had admitted breaching the requirements of his sexual registration on the day before he appeared in the magistrates court after he used an internet identification which was not registered with the police.
The court heard how officers went to his home on May 24 and found a USB storage stick which contained a significant number of indecent movies and images.
“They had been downloaded and stored by you so you could return to them time and again, to satisfy your wholly un-natural sexual interest in young children,” said Judge Rowlands.
Police found 168 category A movies and 76 category A images, the nature of which were described as “quite shocking”.
They involved a number of young victims being raped.
Other images and movies were also discovered.
Then while on bail, the day before he attended Wrexham Magistrates Court to answer the charges, he accessed the internet in breach of the terms of the sexual offences registration.
He contacted someone using a user name which had not been registered with the police.
Harris was seeking to contact people without being identified which could only be “for a sinister reason”, said the judge.
Judge Rowlands described the offences as “serious and very disturbing” made the more so by his previous convictions.
He had been given chances to addressed his “depraved behaviour” but he continued despite courses to help him stop.
“The very young are being exploited by others so that the likes of yourself can view their torment and get satisfaction from it,” he declared.
Judge Rowlands said he accepted that, while Harris continued to offend, there had been no escalation.
Harris admitted making category A, B and C movies and images and possessing a total of 636 images.
Barrister Karl Scholz, prosecuting, said police received information that Harris had been downloading images and went to his home in May where they were recovered on a storage stick.
They showed boys and girls as young as three being penetrated and being subjects to various sexual acts.
It was also found he was using aliases on Facebook and other sites.
The prosecutor said it was quite clear from the assessment in the pre-sentence report that Harris was “unlikely to ever change”.
Harris had similar previous convictions in 2007, 2011 and 2015 and it was clear he was still deliberately searching for such images.
Barrister Gemma Gordon, defending, said her client was fully aware he would receive an immediate custodial sentence and that his previous convictions aggravated his situation.
The probation service considered the best way to manage him going forward was to send him into custody.
While his offending was clearly very serious there had been no escalation and she stressed that it was downloading as opposed to any active engagement with children. A determinate sentence was appropriate, she said.
The breach of his register had been a stupid thing to do and he wished to apologise that he had relapsed into offending.
He had been due to attend further courses but now appreciated that would be no longer possible and that he would go into custody.
Social media is putting the “prrrrrr” in NPR.
On Monday, a mysterious message appeared on the radio station's Facebook account.
“Ramona is given new toy: Smiles, examines for 20 seconds, discards.
“Ramona gets a hug: Acquiesces momentarily, squirms to be put down.
“Ramona sees three cats 30 feet away: Immediately possessed by shrieking, spasmodic joy that continues after cats flee for their lives,” went the enigmatic missive.
Although imbued with literary flair and sophisticated vocabulary, the post had nothing to do with NPR but was an accident made by one of its editors, Christopher Dean Hopkins. The offending clicker quickly tried to make amends for his mistake.
“EDIT: This post was intended for a personal account. We apologize for the error,” he posted.
But the masses didn't want an apology — they wanted more Ramona. The page was inundated with newfound fans of the mystery lady.
“This is so much better than the depressing news lately. Can Ramona updates be a new NPR feature?” said Jay McCormick, to the tune of 10,296 likes.
“THIS POST IS BORING,” wrote Erin Moss. “BRING BACK RAMONA.”
Many wrongly assumed — hoped, perhaps — that Ramona is a cat. She is actually a baby, who has a feline friend.
MONTGOMERY, Ala. — Former President Barack Obama has recorded a phone message in support of Doug Jones, the Democratic Senate nominee in Alabama's special election on Tuesday.
But it's not clear yet whether the Jones camp will use the "robocall" to try to get voters to the polls because Obama is a double-edged sword in this state.
A source familiar with Obama's endorsement confirmed the call to NBC News.
Jones was asked on Monday by reporters about the ex-president's recorded call, which was first reported by The New York Times, and said he didn't know anything about it.
"I'm going to be candid with you guys. I know that there have been a lot of robocalls that have been recorded. I don't know what is being used, that is just not something I'm doing," Jones said.
Jones needs to mobilize black voters on Tuesday, and the voice of Obama, the nation's first black president, could be helpful in that effort. On the other hand, Obama is deeply unpopular with white Republican Alabamians, so the move could backfire by giving GOP nominee Roy Moore a new tool with which to energize his base.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Alabama voters still support Roy Moore 9:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
During his 2012 re-election campaign, Obama won just 15 percent of whites in Alabama, according to exit polls.
"This one's serious. You can't sit it out," Obama says in the call, according to CNN. "Doug will be our champion for justice. So get out and vote, Alabama."
Moore's victory over Sen. Luther Strange in a Republican primary runoff earlier this year convinced Democrats that they had at least an outside shot of snagging a Senate seat that's been in GOP hands for two decades. Allegations of sexual misconduct against Moore — which he denies — have given Jones a boost.
Public polls have swung wildly in recent weeks, but, taken together, they suggest a close race.
VF Corp., the owner of clothing brands such as the North Face and Timberland, said that it has reached a deal to buy Williamson-Dickie Manufacturing Co. for $820 million in cash, in a deal VF says will double its presence in the workwear-apparel market.
Williamson-Dickie, a private company best known for Dickies scrubs and Walls outdoor coveralls, generated $875 million in revenue in the past 12 months, VF said. VF Chief Executive Steve Rendle said the acquisition, expected to close in the fourth quarter, will create a workwear segment with about $1.7 billion in annual revenue.
VF VFC, +3.12% , whose apparel and accessories offerings range from Nautica sportswear to Smartwool socks, has been tweaking its portfolio in recent months, shedding a group of luxury brands and a licensed sportswear company.
Chief Financial Officer Scott Roe said on a conference call Monday to expect more changes to the company's portfolio. “We're not finished,” he said. “Stay tuned.”
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Merck CEO quits Trump advisory council in ‘stance against intolerance and extremism'
Airlines dial up pampering for business class.
U.S. homebuilding fell in March as the construction of single-family homes in the Midwest recorded its biggest decline in three years, likely reflecting bad weather.
Continue Reading Below
Housing starts declined 6.8 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.22 million units, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday. February's starts were revised up to a 1.30 million-unit pace from the previously reported 1.29 million-rate.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast groundbreaking activity falling to a 1.25 million-unit pace last month. Homebuilding was up 9.2 percent compared to March 2016.
Construction in February was boosted by unseasonably warm temperatures. But temperatures dropped in March and a storm lashed the Northeast and Midwest regions, which could have accounted for the drop last month in homebuilding.
Single-family homebuilding, which accounts for the largest share of the residential housing market, fell 6.2 percent to a 821,000 unit-pace last month. Single-family starts in the Midwest declined 35 percent, the largest drop since January 2014, to their lowest level since August 2015.
Single-family starts in the Northeast were unchanged. They rose 3.2 percent in the South, but fell 5.5 percent in the West.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Last month, starts for the volatile multi-family housing segment dropped 7.9 percent to a 394,000 unit-pace.
Pointing to underlying strength in the housing market, building permits increased 3.6 percent, driven by a 13.8 percent surge in the multi-family segment.
While single-family permits fell 1.1 percent, they were not too far from the more than nine-year high reached in February.
A tightening labor market, which is generating steady wage growth is underpinning the housing market. The sector, however, remains constrained by a dearth of properties available for sale.
Builders have, however, failed to bridge the gap, citing a range of problems including shortages of labor and land as well as rising material prices. A survey on Monday showed homebuilders confidence slipped in April from a near 12-year high in March. Still, measures of current sales and sales expectations remained at lofty levels. (Reporting By Lucia Mutikani)
The massively successful King Kong musical is back on South African stages. More than half a century ago, it helped to launch the careers of Miriam Makeba and Hugh Masekela.
Priya Pitamber
When King Kong, the musical, opened at the Great Hall at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg in 1959, it broke new ground.
Firstly, it had an all-black cast with a story set in Sophiatown; secondly, it was seen by a record-breaking 200,000 people in South Africa, comprising all races. The performers received standing ovations.
Fast-forward to the present day, and the musical has made a comeback. Currently on stage in Cape Town, at The Fugard Theatre, it will move to Johannesburg in September.
“We are thrilled that this long-awaited production of this iconic and first South African musical of King Kong, is a Fugard Theatre production which [showcases] the very best of South African talent,” says Daniel Galloway the executive director of The Fugard Theatre.
“The original production united audiences of all colours, launched careers and put South African talent firmly on the international map. We are excited to be re-creating the world of the Back of the Moon shebeen with an all-South African cast and superb creative team.
“While remaining true to the original production, our Fugard Theatre King Kong will refresh the musical for the 21st century.”
The story
The musical is based on the tragic life of local heavyweight boxer Ezekiel Dlamini, who allegedly committed suicide in 1957. But his life was not always so difficult.
Dlamini's formidable size and strength gave birth to the nickname, King Kong. His boxing brought him fame and fortune, but he eventually lost it all.
He went on to work as a bouncer at a club in Sophiatown, but it led him down a path paved with gangsterism, drugs and crime. He killed his girlfriend during a fight, for which he was sentenced to 12 years of hard labour. However, three months later, he drowned.
“It's a very human story,” said Charl-Johan Lingenfelder, the music director of the modern show.
“Anyone, anywhere can relate to the story. But obviously there is this cloud of politics that hangs over it and it never gets addressed. I think it is quite genius the way it was written and how they attempted to tell the story and especially seeing it is a true story as well.”
A legend goes to stage
The original production featured music from composer and journalist Todd Matshikiza, and lyrics by Pat Williams. It launched the careers of the young Mariam Makeba and Hugh Masekela. Today, the two are international legends.
Eric Abraham, producer of the relaunched show, said the music was magical. “There is something magical about King Kong,” he told the BBC. “It happened in a moment in time when this desperate group of people, who somehow came together, and produced a show that I think probably changed a lot of peoples' lives.”
The soundtrack, Lingenfelder said, remained fresh. “That is why this production is so exciting — because people will rediscover it now and hopefully also rediscover the original recordings and appreciate it for what it was at the time — an extraordinary achievement.”
The setting
Abigail Kubeka was Makeba's understudy in the original play. She recalled the atmosphere in Sophiatown back then. “Sophiatown was a country in another country,” she told the BBC.
There were strict laws and a 9pm curfew in the city, and authorities watched with whom you mingled, Kubeka said.
“And then you get to Sophiatown. It's a different world. You get all colours of people, rainbow nation and everyone is minding his or her own business, free, getting together and enjoying each other's company.
“It was beautiful. It was life beyond apartheid. We just cut that out, you know. We just lived our lives, we became ourselves, and did what we could do, and what we wanted to do.”
Kubeka said King Kong was the first big musical to go overseas. “We performed at the Princess Theatre in London and people loved what they saw.”
The reviews
The 1959 show received rave reviews. In 1961, Time Magazine described it as a “a big event in theatrical history”.
“The audience was mixed,” noted the Central African Examiner, “and for a short time at least, the laws of apartheid were suspended with their applause.”
A reviewer for the Golden City Post wrote: “Tears of exultation as I feel that a new era in non-white entertainment has been born with the production of King Kong. I became breathless with the splendour of the production.”
Today, the praise mirrors the reviews of more than 50 years ago.
Watched #KingKong @TheFugard. Amazing musical about boxing, township life, Apartheid, and human longing. Loved it. — Carla Joubert (@cajoubs) August 3, 2017
#KingKongSA was stunning @TheFugard the cast was on point👌 and the band omg simply amazing🎷. pic.twitter.com/DmR4TbVCZm — Viwe (@Viwe_Mpetshwa) July 26, 2017
For more information, click here for the official website.
Sources: BBC, King Kong
Would you like to use this article in your publication or on your website? See Using Brand South Africa material.
Milwaukee Bucks' Malcolm Brogdon, left, puts up a reverse layup as Philadelphia 76ers' Justin Anderson tries to defend during the second half of an NBA basketball game Monday, Jan. 29, 2018, in Milwaukee. Tom Lynn AP Photo
Follow @insidefutbol
Fixture: Rangers vs Hibernian
Competition: Scottish Premiership
Kick-off: 15:00 (UK time)
Rangers have announced their starting line-up and substitutes to welcome Neil Lennon's Hibernian side to Ibrox for a Scottish Premiership game this afternoon.
Graeme Murty's men sit in third spot in the Premiership, three points behind Aberdeen, who are also in action this afternoon at home against Hamilton.
The Gers still have a lengthy injury list with Bruno Alves, Ross McCrorie, Graham Dorrans, Jordan Rossiter, Lee Wallace, Ryan Jack and Kenny Miller out of action.
Murty names Wes Foderingham in goal, while in defence he picks Russell Martin and David Bates as the central two. Jason Holt, Sean Goss and Daniel Candeias will try to control midfield, while Josh Windass looks to get forward with Jamie Murphy. Alfredo Morelos is up top.
If the Rangers manager wants to make changes then he can look to his bench and call for Jason Cummings, with Eduardo Herrera another option.
Rangers Team vs Hibernian
Foderingham, Tavernier, Martin, Bates, John, Holt, Goss, Candeias, Windass, Murphy, Morelos
Substitutes: Alnwick, Hodson, Cardoso, Dodoo, Docherty, Herrera, Cummings
Follow @insidefutbol
Talk Leeds United are moving to re-sign striker Ross McCormack from Aston Villa has been played down.
McCormack banged in the goals for Leeds between 2010 and 2014, when he was sold by now former Whites owner Massimo Cellino to Fulham.
He continued to score on a regular basis at Craven Cottage, but a 2016 switch to Aston Villa has brought bad times for the Scot, who has been widely tipped to exit Villa Park this summer.
It has been suggested that Leeds have put the feelers out over a potential move to take McCormack back to Elland Road.
But according to the Yorkshire Evening Post, there is little noise coming from the Leeds camp to suggest a deal for McCormack is in the works.
Before Woodstock, Monterey Pop was the first defining, large-scale rock festival. The first Monterey International Pop Festival took place in 1967 at the fairgrounds in Monterey, California, and featured the likes of Jimi Hendrix, Otis Redding, The Grateful Dead, Big Brother and the Holding Company, The Who and more. (It was notably documented in the 1968 film Monterey Pop by documentarian D.A. Pennebaker.)
Now, for the 50th anniversary of the original festival, Monterey Pop is being revived at the same location on June 16-18 of this year. The lineup currently includes a mix of new acts, along with some veterans of the original festival. It includes Father John Misty, Jack Johnson, Phil Lesh & The Terrapin Family Band, Norah Jones, The Head and the Heart, Regina Spektor, Leon Bridges, Gary Clark Jr., Jim James, Kurt Vile & The Violators, and the Booker T. Stax Revue. Tickets go on sale this Friday at 1pm EST/10am PST. Find the lineup below, in a poster for the festival.
A newly restored version of Pennebaker's Monterey Pop documentary will also be in select theaters across the country in mid-June, beginning with runs in New York City on June 14 and Los Angeles on June 16. An exhibition relating to the original festival is also going up at the Grammy Museum in L.A. beginning on May 11.
Ashley Graham is one of the biggest ambassadors of body positivity at the moment. The beautiful model inspired millions of women around the world to fight their insecurities and love their bodies the way they are. Her goal is to empower women of all sizes and ages to feel comfortable in their own skin. Just recently she decided to help four women get their self-confidence back. Take a look at the emotional video that made Ashley Graham cry! The model shows real women how to pose in lingerie and helps them understand how beautiful they are.
When it comes to lingerie, Ashley has many successful lines with the Canadian brand Addition Elle. Her first collaboration with the brand was in 2014. Since then the model has designed more than 15 successful lingerie collections. Besides lingerie, Ashley has designed wonderful swimsuits in partnership with Swimsuits For All. This summer we witnessed beautiful women of all sizes flaunting their curves in Ashley's bathing suits. Graham inspired thousands of women to wear her designs with confidence.
Ashley constantly fights against the society's standards of beauty and encourages women to accept their flaws and embrace them. The supermodel uses every opportunity to publically speak about body image and body acceptance. In the past, she has also spoken in high schools and is part of the Health at Every Size movement.
For the gorgeous Ashley Graham, the size is not the limit. She has appeared on the cover of prestigious fashion magazines such as Vogue, Glamour, Elle, and Harper's Bazaar. Ashley was also the first ever plus-size model that posed for Sports Illustrated.
There is no doubt that Ashley will continue to inspire women to change the way they feel about their insecurities. The video is just one example of the great impact that Ashley Graham has on women around the world.
Tim Duncan called it quits after last season and has found the time in retirement to hang out with his former San Antonio Spurs teammates, showing up to practices throughout the season. He did so again Monday as the Spurs prepared for Game 2 against Grizzlies.
Despite being retired Duncan apparently has remained in great shape, prompting one of his former teammates to wonder if he could get a one-day contract – similar to Tony Romo's deal with the Mavericks earlier this month – in order to win a sixth ring.
“He's trying to stay in shape,” Spurs guard Danny Green said of Duncan, via the San Antonio Express-News. “He's still looking like we could sign him. He could come back for Game 6 in the Finals or something like that and collect a ring, if we make it. If we are up in Game 6, three (games) to two, sign him to a Romo deal.”
The 40-year-old Duncan might be a bit preoccupied at the moment after his girlfriend, Vanessa Macias, gave birth to the couple's first child last month.
Image copyright Getty Images
Christy Reid and Heather Mason walk up and down Thailand's famous Maya Bay trying to get the perfect picture for their Instagram.
However, it's tough for the British tourists to get a photo where it looks like they're the only ones in it.
"We came here and didn't think it would be this busy," says Christie. "It's still stunning though."
But from June 1 the beach - made famous by Danny Boyle's film The Beach - is to close to tourists for the first time.
Thai authorities are giving the short strip of sand on the island of Ko Phi Phi a chance to recover from the strain of thousands of daily visitors.
Image caption Christy Reed, 22, and Heather Mason, 20, are friends from the UK who want the perfect Thailand photo
Environmentalists say years of increasing tourism has caused damage to Maya Bay and it's surroundings.
"We are a beautiful country but we have to protect our natural resources," says Thon Thamrongnawasawat, an advisor to Thailand's National Parks department.
"We have significant information that all the boats that come in and out really impact the coral reef.
"We won't close it to tourism forever but have to do something to save our sea, and we have to start at Maya Bay."
Even if you've never seen the 1998 film with Leonardo DiCaprio, Maya Bay has become a bucket list destination for travellers, gap year students and holidaymakers.
The country continues to increase in popularity too with 467,000 visits by UK tourists in 2016.
Most of those who visit Maya Bay only stay for a couple of hours. They have a paddle, a stroll and a selfie - but it's not quite the paradise they'd imagined.
Lara Vogelsberg, 23, from Cologne thinks what you see and what you get are very different.
"The beach in the film is very relaxing, there are no people to be seen, and you get this idea of a very lonely place in the middle of nowhere.
"Then you come here and you think you're in Times Square in New York."
The beach is stunning but definitely not relaxing.
There's the constant sound of the speedboat engines, their propellers churn up the water and it's hard to get a patch of the sand to yourself.
The area is generally clean but there are still some pockets of litter which tourists leave behind.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption People love a selfie on Maya Bay
Image caption Mel Sukonik and Ariane Benedetto (right) visited for the day with their friends from the US
Tourism is one of Thailand's biggest sources of income so Maya Bay is being closed during the relatively low season, until September 30.
Its Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation issued a notice saying it realised "the deterioration of the ecosystem in the area of Maya Bay".
When it reopens later this year, it's thought the number of people allowed to visit the beach will be reduced.
Kerri Arnold and Kendal Corgile are visiting from Atlanta, Georgia, and describe it as "hectic but beautiful".
"I didn't realise how busy the beach would be but shutting it temporarily is a great idea. It's crazy how many boats there are. I'm just glad I got to see it."
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
Today I had one of the hardest experiences with my client who I am keeping anonymous, I had a 16 year girl come in with…
Posted by Kayley Olsson on Tuesday, August 8, 2017
The Bleeker Street butcher accused of handing a noose to a black deliveryman is off the chopping block — so long as he stays out of trouble.
Joseph Ottomanelli, who allegedly handed a makeshift noose to 36-year-old drive Victor Sheppard, will have the case against him dismissed and sealed if he can avoid arrest for the next six months.
The longtime meat-hawker, of Ottomanelli & Sons Meat Market, maintains he had nothing to do with the racist stunt.
“Joseph Ottomanelli did not do that which he was accused of doing,” defense attorney Ron Kuby said Monday. “Unfortunately, a false accusation has become tantamount to a conviction and perpetual sentence on social media. He and his family will continue to serve a diverse community, with zero tolerance for bias, as they have done for over a century.”
The 61-year-old butcher has previously said a disgruntled, fired employee was behind the hateful act.
Prime Minister Theresa May has called for an early general election for June 8 to seek a strong mandate as she negotiates Britain's exit from the European Union.
In a shock announcement Tuesday, May said she would ask the House of Commons on Wednesday to back her election call.
She said that since Britons voted to leave the EU in June, the country had come together, but politicians had not.
She said the divisions risk undermining Britain's position in Brexit negotiations that lie ahead.
Under Britain's Fixed-Term Parliaments Act, the prime minister can call an election if two-thirds of lawmakers vote for it. The leader of the main opposition Labour Party has previously said he would back such a call.
Vincenzo Montella's rotating backfired spectacularly as Sevilla suffered an embarrassing 5-1 defeat at Eibar in LaLiga on Saturday.
The fixture was sandwiched between Sevilla's Copa del Rey semi-final clashes with Leganes, with Montella deciding to rest several key players such as Ever Banega and Luis Muriel, while Sandro Ramirez, Roque Mesa and Miguel Layun all made their debuts.
5 - All four times Eibar scored five goals in a La Liga single game were against Andaluisian teams. South. pic.twitter.com/WJLGClUKac — OptaJose (@OptaJose) February 3, 2018
There was also a return at centre-back for captain Nico Pareja after more than four months out with a thigh injury, but his rustiness was laid bare within 37 seconds, as the Argentinian failed to close Kike Garcia down and the winger rifled a ferocious effort past Sergio Rico.
Fabian Orellana doubled Eibar's tally in the 16th minute, firing home at the back post after Jose Angel picked out the winger with an exquisite outside-of-the-foot cross,
Sevilla pulled one back through a Pablo Sarabia penalty, but that was one of few positive moments for the hapless visitors, who conceded again just after the half-hour mark - Ivan Ramis powering home a header from another sumptuous Jose Angel delivery, taking him to seven assists for the season.
Orellana got his second of the day in the 61st minute, tucking home a neat finish after being fed into the right side of the penalty area and Anaitz Arbilla wrapped things up late on, finding the top-left corner with a fine 25-yard free-kick.
The result moves Eibar to within a point of sixth-placed Sevilla, who could get overtaken by Celta Vigo when they travel to Alaves later on Saturday.
A Denver jury found fully in pop singer Taylor Swift's favor Monday, delivering a unanimous verdict in a trial over whether she was groped by a former radio host during a Denver meet-and-greet. Wanting the trial to serve as an "example to other women," the star had sought a single dollar in damages, which she was granted.
In his closing statements, Swift's lawyer Douglas Baldridge referenced the example that Swift hoped her suit could be for others in similar situations "by returning a verdict on Ms. Swift's counterclaim for a single dollar — a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
In his own closing arguments, David Mueller attorney Gabriel McFarland wondered why his client would introduce himself by name and then almost immediately after reach under the skirt of "one of the planet's, one of the country's, the biggest superstars?"
The case was largely fought on the credibility of Swift and Mueller.
Late this past Friday, a federal judge threw out part of the case brought against Swift by Mueller, saying he had not proven Swift had set out to get him fired.
Swift countersued Mueller for sexual assault after his own suit was filed in 2015, leading to Denver trial which began jury selection last Monday. Swift initially had sought to keep the incident quiet.
By Friday, most of the principals in the case had been heard from — most notably Ms. Swift herself, who had several sharp rejoinders to questions from Mueller's attorney. Asked about Mueller's firing, Swift responded: "I am not going to allow your client to make me feel like it is anyway my fault, because it isn't."
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). FILE - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
By REGINA GARCIA CANO
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The two largest resort operators in Las Vegas would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike, a possibility starting Friday, the union representing thousands of casino workers said Wednesday.
The Culinary Union detailed how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job. Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 casino-hotels would affect Las Vegas overall because the last citywide strike took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors. Last year, more than 42.2 million people visited.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers. A strike also could happen as fans head to Las Vegas for the Stanley Cup Final.
"Furthermore, one might assume a 10 percent worsening of operating margins due to the use of less experienced and less skilled replacements ... to keep the doors open, rooms cleaned, food cooked, and cocktails served, not to mention other factors such as the disruptions to management staff's regular work," the union wrote.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show a one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
Contracts expire at midnight Thursday for bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it "can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides."
Caesars said it "expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires." About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations for new five-year contracts.
The union said it is asking for training on new skills and job opportunities as the companies adopt technology that can displace workers. It also wants an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers and contract language that would protect workers if properties are sold.
"What is going to happen to my position?" said Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace. "I think they are going to be disappearing it, because robots are going to be available to deliver everything."
He said he wants training to fix or program the robots that he believes could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average annual wage increases of 4 percent for each of the five years. A document says the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase.
Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent effective Friday, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image copyright Dumfries and Galloway Council Image caption The gallery will open to the public in June this year
A new art gallery of "national significance" will open in southern Scotland in less than two months' time.
The idea for the facility in Kirkcudbright was first suggested nearly two decades ago.
Work on the £3.1m project to convert the town hall started in December 2016 and it will open on 9 June.
Dumfries and Galloway Council leader Elaine Murray said it was excited to offer a "wonderful, permanent new gallery" to people in the region.
The project first started nearly 20 years ago as a result of community demand for a large space for touring art exhibitions and led to the creation of the Kirkcudbright 2000 group.
The new facility will provide a permanent home for works created by the many artists who have lived in the town down the years.
Image copyright Jessie M King Image caption The gallery will provide a home to work produced by artists who lived in the town
Andy Ferguson, who chairs the council's communities committee, said the completion of the project was a boost for the area.
"The Kirkcudbright Artists' Town brand has been successfully used to promote Kirkcudbright nationally and now this stunning new gallery will enhance the town's reputation even further," he said.
"It has been estimated that the gallery will bring in around 40,000 visitors per year to the town, which will in turn bring in up to £1m annually to the local economy."
The project has received funding from a wide range of organisations.
'High profile'
Creative Scotland's Andrew Leitch said it had been happy to back the development.
"The brand-new facility will create an important showcase of contemporary art and craft in Dumfries and Galloway, adding considerably to the area's cultural offer for locals and visitors alike," he said.
"The gallery will attract high profile national and international work to this artistically rich area of Scotland in a way which has not been possible until now.
"This new facility will also complement the Place Partnership in operation in the area helping to kick-start town centre regeneration and strengthen local communities through high quality creative engagement."
This rock critic isn't ashamed to love 5 Seconds of Summer Rock critics are always asked, “What good bands have you seen lately?” Answer “5 Seconds of Summer,” as I've only recently begun to do, and most people respond as if...
Here's a history of rockers who have burst into flames Sometimes a band is so hot, they're literally on fire. Bands have many vaunted voluntary traditions — smashing guitars, fussily walking off the stage like a prima donna — and...
Which celeb will have a Miley moment at this year's VMAs? The Grammys? Please. The American Music Awards? Snooze. When it comes to award shows, the only one that doesn't feel like an intravenous dose of Ambien is the MTV Video...
5 Seconds of Summer's ‘18' is silly fun Downloads of the Week 5 Seconds of Summer “18″ ★★ Aging punk rockers will probably sneer their way through 5 Seconds of Summer's self-titled debut album, but these Aussies aren't...
4 questions for 5 Seconds of Summer They're already driving legions of teenage girls in the UK and their native Australia to wild frenzy. With the Tuesday release of their self-titled debut album, a scheduled performance at...
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Lucas Demian singled and drove in two runs to lead Dickson City Post 665 to a 4-2 win over West Scranton Post 920 in a District 11 Senior Legion baseball game Tuesday.
Anthony Colvin allowed four hits and struck out seven in a complete-game win.
Cory Miller singled and Garrett Walsh both singled and scored a run for West Scranton.
W Scranton 920 Dickson City 665
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Merrifield 3 0 1 0 Pezak 2 0 0 0
Forsette 4 0 0 1 Gouldsbury 2 0 0 0
Miller 3 1 1 0 Kucharski 3 0 0 0
Bruno 3 0 1 0 Mandarano 3 1 2 0
Worsnick 1 0 0 0 Hanicak 3 1 0 0
Ivanoff 2 0 0 0 Mercanti 3 1 0 0
Ciullo 2 0 0 0 Demian 3 0 1 2
Iacobacci 3 0 0 0 Longo 2 1 1 0
Walsh 2 1 1 0 Jackson 2 0 1 0
Totals 23 2 4 1 Totals 23 4 5 2
W Scranton 920 000 110 0 — 2
Dickson City 665 001 300 x — 4
2B: Jackson. 3B: Longo.
W Scranton 920 IP H R ER BB SO
Worsnick, LP 6 5 4 1 2 4
Dickson City 665 IP H R ER BB SO
Colvin, WP 7 4 2 2 6 7
Records: DC 11-1, WS 9-3.
Green Ridge 12, Triboro 2
At Taylor, Edward Keen had four hits, including three doubles, three RBIs and two runs to lead Green Ridge Post 908 past Triboro Post 306.
Robbie McAndrew added an inside-the-park home run and a double while earning the win on the mound.
Patrick Donovan led Triboro with a hit, run and RBI.
Green Ridge 908 Triboro 306
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Navelanko cf 4 2 1 0 Rickard ss 3 0 1 0
McAndrew p 3 3 2 1 Jaworski 2b 2 0 0 0
Keen 2b 4 2 4 3 Cimakasky 1b 2 1 1 0
Cwalinski 1b 4 1 1 1 Donovan cf 2 1 1 1
Ardan 3b 0 1 0 0 Cieless c 2 0 0 0
Paszek ss 3 1 1 1 Krenitsky 3b 2 0 0 0
Leety lf 2 0 1 2 Higgins p/lf 2 0 1 0
Cocca rf 2 1 1 1 Liptai lf/p/rf 2 0 0 0
Cambell c 3 1 1 0 Santasro rf/p 2 0 0 0
Totals 25 12 12 9 Totals 19 2 4 1
Green Ridge 908 264 00 — 12
Triboro 306 000 20 — 2
Game ended after fifth— 10-run rule
2B: McAndrew, Keen 3, Campbell. 3B: Cwalinski. HR: McAndrew.
Green Ridge IP H R ER BB SO
McAndrew, WP 5 4 2 2 0 3
Triboro IP H R ER BB SO
Higgins, LP 1 6 8 8 4 0
Liptai 3 5 4 4 3 1
Santarsiero 1 1 0 0 0 1
Records: GR 4-8, TRI 2-7.
Abington 13, Dunmore 2
At Dunmore, Michael Pusateri had two hits, including a double, two runs and two RBIs to lead Abington VFW.
Vinny Vaccaro had two hits, including a double, and two runs for the winners.
Dom Temperino scored a run and drove in one for Dunmore Post 13.
Abington VFW Dunmore 13
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Burke 3 2 1 2 Mandarano 3 0 0 0
Petty 3 1 2 0 Sinkevich 2 1 1 0
Evans 1 1 1 1 Temperino 3 1 0 1
Habeeb 3 2 1 0 CBuckley 3 0 1 1
Myers 2 1 1 1 JBuckley 1 0 0 0
Newman 3 1 2 2 Gierulski 2 0 1 0
Messet 2 0 1 0 Edwards 3 0 0 0
Vaccaro 4 2 2 0 Ruggiero 2 0 1 0
Notari 2 1 1 0 Lewis 2 0 0 0
Pusateri 3 2 2 2 Ondek 1 0 0 0
O'Malley 4 0 2 1 Aronica 0 0 0 0
Smith 0 0 0 0
Totals 30 13 16 9 Totals 22 2 4 2
Abington VFW 201 523 — 13
Dunmore 13 101 000 — 2
2B: Petty, Pusateri, Vaccaro.
Abington VFW IP H R ER BB SO
Vaccaro, WP 4 4 2 1 1 7
Burke 2 0 0 0 1 3
Dunmore 13 IP H R ER BB SO
CBuckley, LP 4 10 6 6 2 2
Ondek 2 6 5 5 2 0
Records: ABI 5-4, DUN 4-8.
Dickson City 11, Dunmore 5
At Dunmore on Monday, Brendan Kucharski doubled, scored a run and drove in two to lead Dickson City Post 665.
R.J. Gouldsbury had two hits and scored twice for the winners.
Joey Mandarano had two hits, including a double, two runs and an RBI for Dunmore Post 13.
Dickson City 665 Dunmore 13
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Glinsky 2 1 0 1 Mandarano 3 2 2 1
Longo 2 0 0 0 Sinkevich 4 0 2 1
Pezak 2 2 0 0 Temperino 4 1 1 0
Colvin 2 1 1 0 JBuckley 3 0 1 1
Gouldsbury 3 2 2 0 Gierulski 2 0 0 0
Kucharski 3 1 1 2 Edwards 3 0 0 0
Miller 1 1 0 0 Hannah 3 0 0 0
Mandarano 3 0 1 2 Lewis 2 1 0 0
Hanicak 1 0 0 0 CBuckley 3 1 1 0
Demian 4 1 1 2
Mercanti 3 1 1 1
Blockburger 0 0 0 0
Jackson 4 1 2 1
Zelinski 4 0 1 0
Totals 34 11 10 9 Totals 27 5 7 3
Dickson City 665 110 144 0 — 11
Dunmore 13 100 030 1 — 5
2B: Kucharski, Temperino, Mandarano (DUN).
Dickson City 665 IP H R ER BB SO
Mandarano, WP 5 5 4 4 2 3
Hanicak 2 2 1 1 0 4
Dunmore 13 IP H R ER BB SO
Mandarano, LP 4 4 3 1 0 1
Hannah 3 6 8 4 3 4
Records: DC 10-1, DUN 4-7.
View 15 more events available today15 more events available today
Choose from our full range of coverage
Periods. No one particularly likes them. For women, they are annoying at best, painful at worst and for men, they can be slightly confusing.
They also mean that for one, sometimes awkward, week a month, we all have to navigate the sometimes uncomfortable issue of sex during your period.
Enter (slight pun intended) Flex, a single use disposable menstrual product. It not only offers an alternative to tampons or pads but means that you can now have sex during your period without any mess or fuss. Made of medical-grade polymer, Flex does not sit just inside the vagina, a la a tampon or menstrual cup. Rather, it fits far higher up in the vagina, covering the cervix, therefore stopping any fluids entering the vaginal canal. It can be worn for up to 12-hours, is BPA-free, and reportedly won't cause Toxic Shock Syndrome.
The brainchild of Lauren Schulte, she started researching alternatives after getting sick of tampons. She was horrified that the invention millions of us turn to monthly was actually invented in the 1930s.
“When I learned that,” Schulte has said, “I knew I wanted to dedicate my life to making something better for women.”
After two years of research and prototypes, Flex is now ready. More than 20,000 people have already signed up to trial Flex, 25% of which are reportedly from men, and pre-orders will open soon. While there are no plans to ship to Australia, yet, Flex is looking at expanding their offering globally.
“We've built a product that allows couples to increase their opportunity to have sex by 23 percent,” Schulte explained in a pitch to investors. “ The great tragedy of people avoiding sex on their period is that this is really the time when women want it most.”
CULLODEN, WV (WOWK) - Sheriff Chuck Zerkle with Cabell County Sheriff's Department told our sister station, 13 News, that crews are responding to a domestic shooting in Culloden, WV.
The incident occurred in the Benedict Road area around 1:20 p.m.
Officials said that multiple people have died and that children were involved.
According to officials, at least one person has been transported to a nearby hospital in critical condition.
The Cabell County Sheriff's Department and West Virginia State Police are responding.
Here's what we've been told about passwords:
Make them complicated.
Use numbers, question marks and hash marks.
Change them regularly.
Use different passwords for each app and website.
Of course, these guidelines often leave users frustrated and struggling to remember them all.
Now, the National Institute of Standards and Technology is about the make all of our lives much easier. The organization recently revised its guidelines on creating passwords, and the new advice sharply diverges from previous rules.
"The traditional guidance is actually producing passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate users," says Paul Grassi, senior standards and technology adviser at NIST, who led the new revision of guidelines.
The organization suggests keeping passwords simple, long and memorable. Phrases, lowercase letters and typical English words work well, Grassi tells NPR's Audie Cornish. Experts no longer suggest special characters and a mixture of lower and uppercase letters. And passwords never need to expire.
"We focus on the cognitive side of this, which is what tools can users use to remember these things?" Grassi says. "So if you can picture it in your head, and no one else could, that's a good password."
While these rules may seem suspiciously easy, Grassi says these guidelines help users create longer passwords that are harder for hackers to break. And he says the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new rules positively.
"It works because we are creating longer passwords that cryptographically are harder to break than the shorter ones, even with all those special character requirements," Grassi says. "We are really bad at random passwords, so the longer the better."
Previously, security experts recommended the use of password manager apps to ensure users' accounts were protected. Grassi says these apps are useful because they completely randomize the password, but he says they aren't necessary to maintain security.
Grassi stands by these new guidelines because he says previous tips for passwords impacted users negatively and did not do much to boost security. When users change their passwords every 90 days, they often aren't dramatically changing the password, Grassi says.
"I'm pretty sure you're not changing your entire password; you're shifting one character," he says. "Everyone does that, and the bad guys know that."
Students have waited eagerly for 2018's installment of Spring Weekend since the Brown Concert Agency held its annual Spring Weekend lineup release party at Stout Irish Sports Pub March 20. This year's Spring Weekend will take place April 27 and 28 and feature a rich array of artists.
As the two-day concert aims to “distort the norm” and “disrupt hierarchies” according to the release video, its lineup boasts six outstanding acts that do exactly that — transcend genre boundaries and redefine cultural norms through their defiant soundscapes and personas.
“When booking artists, we try to think about performances that we think are going to be really good live,” said Michael Mills '20, a board member of BCA. “We always focus on diversity and trying to bring in a broad range of musical styles and people from different backgrounds.”
Friday's headliner is British singer-songwriter NAO, a solo artist adored for her distinctive pop-funk style that fuses playful electronic beats with soulful R&B-style lyrics. Her debut album, “For All We Know,” released in 2016, saw her nominated for Best British Female Solo Artist.
NAO will be preceded by Rico Nasty — also known as “Tacobella” — who is most famous for her eclectic, TV-inspired singles “iCarly” and “Hey Arnold,” both released in 2016. The Maryland rapper's latest album, “Sugar Trap 2,” is jazzy and quite decidedly trap, characterized by synth lines, heavy backbeats and autotuned raps.
Also performing on Friday is Virginia-based rapper and producer DRAM (stands for Does Real Ass Music), who is best known for his playful hit single “Broccoli,” featuring Lil Yachty, which was just one of many gems on his debut LP, “Big Baby DRAM,” released in 2016. In a review for the breakthrough LP, Pitchfork drew comparisons between DRAM's music and a “big bubblebath,” while also underscoring his charismatic “camp counselor” qualities.
The artist that has received the most buzz post-reveal is Saturday's headliner, Anderson .Paak, a California-based singer, rapper and producer whose jazzy, sensual anthems — including “Lyk Dis” and “Heart Don't Stand a Chance” ­— have been energizing the playlists of student parties since their release on his dual set of 2016 albums “Yes Lawd!” and “Malibu,” respectively.
NAO and .Paak “were two people that we wanted to book this year from the start and we were really happy to book. They have this sound that's really, really popular right now,” Mills said. “For people who like more than one genre, they are cross-genre performers.”
.Paak's performance will be preceded by a set by Japanese singer-songwriter Rina Sawayama. Known for her glittery, soul-infused digi-pop songs like “Cyber Stockholm Syndrome,” Sawayama has been acclaimed by The Guardian for her singular capacity for synthesizing her influences into something “bracing and modern.” Her recently released eponymous album, “Rina,” includes Spice Girls-reminscent tracks like “Ordinary Superstar” and “Take Me As I Am.”
Following Sawayama's set is Chicago-based indie-rock band Whitney — which will provide an exciting contrast to the concert's primarily pop and hip-hop vibe. The project of songwriters Julien Ehrlich and Max Kakacek, Whitney's music blends Bon Iver's lyrical austerity and the vintage, twangy romance of The Alabama Shakes and The Walters.
Providence's beloved 18-member brass band and Spring Weekend staple What Cheer? Brigade will also perform a set on Saturday.
The eldest son of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro took his own life Thursday while living on the island his father ruled as president for more than 40 years.
Two Cuban government sources confirmed to NBC News that Fidel Angel Castro Diaz-Balart, 68, died on Friday morning following months-long treatment "for a deep state of depression by a group of doctors."
Fidel "Fidelito" Castro Diaz-Balart in 2015. Joe Raedle / Getty Images file
According to Cuban state media, Diaz-Balart had been hospitalized for his depression but was later released for outpatient care.
He had been serving as the scientific adviser to the State Council and vice president of the Cuban Academy of Sciences.
Related: Fidel Castro's Death
Diaz-Balart, often called "Fidelito" or "Little Fidel" because of how much he looked like his father, earned a degree in physics in the former USSR.
He was known for studying how to develop nuclear energy on the island of Cuba, according to his official bio from the Academy of Sciences.
Cuban rebel leader Fidel Castro and his son, Fidel Jr., in 1959. AP file
The family has begun to make funeral arrangements, state media reported.
Diaz-Balart is the cousin of NBC News and Telemundo anchor Jose Diaz-Balart as well as current Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart, R-Florida, who is a staunch anti-Castro figure.
His uncle, Raul Castro, has led Cuba since 2008 when he took over the role of president of Cuba from Fidel Castro — who ruled his island home beginning in 1959, antagonized 11 U.S. presidents and died in 2016 aged of 90.
One of the most high-profile items appearing on this year's election ballot in Ohio is Issue 2, which would impact the cost of prescription medications.
Will it work? That's the million dollar question, and that's why both sides are spending millions of dollars on advertising to buy your vote. It should make you nervous enough to do some homework before you cast your ballot.
The Times-Gazette's sister publication, The Lima News, recently took a look at the issue.
Below are seven questions to consider:
What does Issue 2 actually require?
All state departments, agencies and entities will pay no more for prescription drugs than the price paid by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs.
Sound good? Here's the hook: It also requires that the individual petitioners responsible for proposing the law are the ones who get to defend the law. The state will be required to pay attorney fees and other expenses, but the petitioners liability is limited to just $10,000 if the law is ruled to be unenforceable. The state would pay the rest.
Would only people getting prescriptions through the state get this discount?
Absolutely. Nearly two-thirds of Ohioans will watch from the sidelines when the discounts are handed out. This includes those with private insurance, employer-provided insurance and seniors who rely on Medicare. But is that necessarily a bad thing? The “vote yes” folks argue that any time you can save the taxpayer any money, it is a good thing.
Is it fair to help one group and not others?
No, but this is politics, not Sunday School. The motivation of the Issue 2 camp is to collect attorney fees while making the pharmaceutical companies pay for their past sins. If a few folks get helped in the process, then glory be.
Won't the pharmaceutical companies just shift the costs?
Let's just say a person becomes a top executive because he or she enjoys eating steak, not eating profits. Another way to look at it: If you mow lawns for a living and the price of gasoline doubles over the winter, are you going to keep the price the same the next summer or will you pass along the expense?
The vote yes group argues Congress can be trusted to make sure cost-shifting doesn't occur. The pharmaceutical companies are already in Uncle Sam's doghouse for price fixing, they claim, and one wrong step will see them suffering the wrath of some new congressman trying to make a name for himself or herself.
For those who do qualify for a discount, how much extra cash will end up in their pockets?
Before we answer, can we ask: Do you believe in crystal balls or fortune tellers? The truth is no one really knows. That's why every time you blink a different figure is thrown out. Remember, approval means those eligible would pay no more for prescription drugs than is paid by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, which receives a discount of at least 24 percent. The state already receives nearly the same discount on drugs — 23.1 percent — for programs such as Medicaid. Also keep in mind some drug prices paid by the VA are kept secret by contract.
Why hasn't the Ohio Legislature handled this? Isn't this better suited for the legislative branch?
Agreed. But keep in mind they're awfully busy manipulating redistricting maps and making sure school finances remain a mess.
What's the motivation of the leaders on both sides of this issue?
Michael Weinstein is the person behind the Issue 2 movement and his motives may be personal. A self-described “child of the 60s” and now president of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation, Weinstein has lost friends because they couldn't afford the high cost of medication. This may be a vendetta hidden behind the belief health-care costs are out of control, insurance co-pays continue to get harder for people to afford, and central to that is the price of prescription drugs.
The “vote no” camp is a little trickier.
It's easy to understand why the pharmaceutical companies are against Issue 2: If they can no longer gouge Ohioans, other states may also try to slip the drug companies a sleeping pill. That's bad for business.
On the other hand, you have a diverse group of health-care agencies, labor unions and chambers of commerce that are urging a “no vote.” They have a more practical reason. They fear the consequences that will result from Issue 2 are worse than the solution.
What voters need to decide is if Issue 2 will be a start to bringing health cost under control, or if it will create more problems hidden behind a solution.
http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2017/10/web1_Election2017-Logo.jpg
China makes historic move to allow Xi to rule indefinitely China abolished term limits for Xi Jinping, paving the way for him to be president for life. The country's ruling Communist Party proposed the amendment to the constitution last month...
China's first luxury hotel gets a suite renovation In China's capital, where packed office towers jostle for space with Zen temples amid gridlocked traffic and smoggy skies, travelers also tread a fine line between the past and the...
Police detain teacher accused of abusing nursery school students BEIJING – Beijing police investigating alleged child abuse at a kindergarten run by RYB Education Inc said on Saturday they had detained a teacher, in the latest scandal to hit...
Parents say elite nursery school drugged kids, sexually molested them A Beijing nursery school pumped kids with drugs and forced them to stand naked in front of class as a punishment, according to horrified parents who say their tots were...
Melania Trump visits pandas at the Beijing Zoo First Lady Melania Trump has checked out the pandas at the Beijing zoo, before being serenaded in English and in Chinese by elementary school children. Trump looked on with the...
China, South Korea mend ties after THAAD standoff SEOUL/BEIJING – Seoul and Beijing on Tuesday agreed to move beyond a year-long stand-off over the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea, a dispute that has been...
Sex doll sharing service shut down for being too 'vulgar' A sex doll sharing service in China has been scrapped days after its launch because it's been deemed too “vulgar” by police, according to reports The company, called Touch, shut...
App lets users rent 'warmed up' second-hand sex dolls If you've been thinking about getting hold of a sex doll but you're not ready for the commitment, this bizarre new app may be for you. Chinese sex toy manufacturer...
Trump's right about the futility of talking to North Korea Here's a shocker. On Wednesday morning President Trump tweeted something that was mostly true: “The US has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years....
Three Xanax pills and eight grams of heroin were found inside a safe an employee tried to retrieve Sunday from a store in Spanaway. Pierce County Sheriff's Department
OPP in Collingwood are investigating a sexual assault that happened early New Years Day. Police say the victim reports she was pulled into a vehicle parked on Beech Street just after 1 in the morning and assaulted. The Suspect is described as:
South Asian
Late 20's to early 30's
Beard
5 foot 6 to 5 foot 7
With an average build and a large mid section or pot belly.
He was wearing
He was wearing Blue t-shirt
Black pants
Black baseball cap with a white logo on it
The vehicle is belived to be a 4 door 2005-2010 Honda Civic or Toyota Corolla
Silver or tan in colour
Black steel rims
Police ask that if you have any information regarding this incident that you call them or crimestoppers.
A RED-BRICK former Shannon Development building in Moyross originally built for factories which never materialised has received a €2m lease of life.
The Moyross Youth Academy (MYA) has re-opened at the former Bays building, on the edge of the northside estate.
Some 26 staff are employed in the centre, providing training, mentoring and education to young people.
The Garda Youth Diversion Project runs from the centre, as does the Ceim ar Cheim Moyross probationary scheme.​
The MYA has seen hundreds of youngsters change the course of their life, including Sonya Reddan, who compared the opening, which was carried out by Minister of State at the Department of Justice and Equality, David Stanton on Friday.
Sonya said: “While Limerick in statistical terms remains high for unemployment and poverty, the fact is that young people today know they have more choices. We know it wasn't always like that.”
She will be starting a degree at the Limerick Institute of Technology this September.
The red-brick building is known locally as the 'Seven Factories'. Rather appropriately, there are seven classrooms in the new centre, as well as a carpentry workshop, a fully-fitted training kitchen, a gym, indoor soccer, plus meeting rooms and offices.
Dave Mulcahy, who chairs MYA, said: “This is exciting not just for Moyross, but the wider area. Some of the services provided by MYA, including the highly-regarded equine project reach out to youths across the city. We want to continue to expand our reach, particularly in the area of providing employability.”
Dean Quinn is an outreach staff member based in the centre, working in Ceim ar Cheim.
He said: “A new Moyross is emerging. One that is smaller for sure – we've suffered depopulation. But this brings a necessary opportunity to respond innovatively and creatively to the young people that remain so as to be as confident, higher-skilled, calmer and more optimistic.”
Image copyright Geograph/Peter Holmes Image caption Arriva Trains Wales will be replaced by KeolisAmey as line operator in October
Services on the Conwy Valley line have been cancelled as more trains than usual need repairs at the same time.
Arriva Trains Wales says services between Llandudno Junction and Blaenau Ffestiniog have been stopped due to a lack of rolling stock.
Replacement bus services will run in both directions on Thursday to replace the 11 trains that operate on the 27-mile single-line service.
Arriva Trains Wales will be replaced by KeolisAmey as line operator in October.
Rochdale Hornets have been forced to postpone their opening Championship fixture with Batley.
The Hornets have cited “weather damage” as the reason for the cancellation, with the club's Spotland pitch unplayable.
It comes after a “dome type pitch cover” was installed by Rochdale AFC to try and dry the pitch, which would allow vital drainage repairs to take place.
The football club is set to play Millwall in an FA Cup fourth round replay on Tuesday evening.
The club has yet to confirm a new date for the fixture.
Rochdale Hornets CEO Steve Kerr said: “We are extremely disappointed that our season opener has to be called off and we share the fans frustrations, however the situation with the pitch is not going to change between now and Sunday.
“Alan, his staff and all of the squad have worked extremely hard throughout pre-season and have prepared well for the Batley game. The early decision will help the squad focus their attention on next Sunday's away clash at Swinton.
“We have worked alongside the football club over the past three weeks to prepare the pitch, however, it's the fourth fixture that has been postponed in the last two weeks so we recognise the importance of the emergency maintenance work and support the current plan that is in place.
Rochdale AFC CEO, Russ Green said: “Rochdale Football Club would like to thank Rochdale Hornets for their continued support and co-operation.
“We have been in regular dialogue with Hornets regarding all pitch decisions, and the relationship between the two clubs has never been stronger.
“We understand Hornets' frustrations in losing their first game of the season, however we are grateful to them for recognising the importance of the work that is currently being carried out.
“We wish Alan, his staff and players the very best of luck for the season ahead.”
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
2:22 Levine Museum exhibit seeks understanding of protests
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
The current LSU Football team may be riding high from their Citrus Bowl win, but the Tigers recruiting class took a major hit Monday morning.
Three-star linebacker Monty Rice was set to enroll early at LSU this month, but flipped his commitment from LSU to UGA just days before heading to Baton Rouge.
The move is not a major surprise though, as Rice was silently committed to the Bulldogs before deciding to join the Tigers' recruiting class. LSU's ability to “hold that tiger” was most certainly in question when it came to Rice's commitment to the program.
Rice said his decision to leave the Bulldogs for the Tigers was due to the fact that LSU defensive coordinator Dave Aranda had waited at an Alabama airport to hear his final decision.
More from Death Valley Voice
The 6-foot-1, 227 pounds inside linebacker was the second to join the Tigers' 2017 recruiting class. The position is one that LSU needs to load with talent, considering that so many senior defensive stars are heading into the NFL Draft this year.
With Rice's decommitment, the Tigers are left with just one LB commit for the 2017 class in 4-star Livonia (La.) athlete Patrick Queen.
LSU will continue to evaluate their other potential choices to fill the gap at the position, as Rice is just one of many talented LBs currently in their recruitment process.
The LSU Football program has been in contact with 4-star Oklahoma commit Jacob Phillips and 4-star Alabama commit Christopher Allen. To flip the commitment of either would be great for the LSU defense.
Want your voice heard? Join the Death Valley Voice team!
The LSU recruiting class now stands at 19 players, and will enroll six players next month.
This article originally appeared on
So many baseball teams have adopted the kind of statistical analysis made famous by “Moneyball” that the game has become “plodding” and “never more beset by inaction,” according to a recent report in The Wall Street Journal,
Could something similar be happening on Wall Street, which has also been embracing big data to find undervalued names of a different sort?
One of the biggest trends among asset managers in recent years has been the use of artificial intelligence in managing investments. These companies have employed powerful computers to mine massive data sets—including corporate commentary, social media chatter, credit-card data, and other statistics difficult for humans to discern patterns—and then developing portfolios based on that analysis.
Such quantitative analysis is seen as an alternative to traditional human stock pickers, who have struggled to outperform equity benchmarks for years, contributing to an exodus from actively managed products, and into passive ones.
Quant-based investing has become a growing part of the market. A July report from J.P. Morgan estimated that 20% of equity-based assets under management—amounting to trillions of dollars—were in quantitative strategies, although it included “traditional multifactor and smart-beta strategies” in its definition of the category, as well as “the equity portion of cross-asset systematic portfolios.”
Smart-beta strategies are similar to quant in that they are designed to outperform an index and their holdings are neither chosen by individuals nor weighted by market value. However, rather than the portfolios being developed through advanced-computing capabilities, their holdings are determined by rules that tilt the portfolio to strategies like “value” or “momentum.”
The firms using these AI-like technologies range from new upstarts to the biggest names on Wall Street. In April, BlackRock Inc. BLK, -0.26% —the world's largest asset manager, with more than $5 trillion in assets—announced it would overhaul its actively managed equities business by putting a greater emphasis on computer models rather than human managers. It said it would shift a few billion in assets from its traditional active group to its quant team and said it would be lowering fees for those funds in the process.
Read more: BlackRock's ‘robot' stock pickers are more of a tweak than a game-changer
Asset managers are expected to continue adopting advanced-computing technology in their portfolio construction, but the trend suggests a question that's similar to the situation currently unfolding in the ballpark: if everyone is using AI, then does the benefit of using AI evaporate?
The rise of competing quant strategies “has helped drive down available alpha by increasing the overall wisdom of crowds and shrinking the available alpha through more efficient markets,” wrote Jordi Visser, chief investment officer at Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers. “Alpha” refers to outperformance over a benchmark, and is typically seen as a primary goal of investment managers not plugged into a power outlet.
In a research report, Visser said he saw value in artificial intelligence, which he wrote was “already better than the brain at pattern recognition and the ability to go through large amounts of data and make immediate predictive decision in rational markets.” Furthermore, he predicted that AI would replace many human jobs in the future.
Related: This is what Vanguard's chief economist says is the most important economic trend of our lives
However, he added, “there is a big difference between all of these statements and my belief that currently within the asset management industry there is tremendous AI hype and we are seeing some sort of bubble in this AI arms race which will leave many receiving worthless results on their investments.”
There are signs this is proving to be the case. In June, Morgan Stanley noted that correlations in stock markets were falling, which means individual names are rising and falling on their own fundamentals, as opposed to simply moving in tandem with the broader market. Such an environment is theoretically good for stock pickers, however, “using traditional quant factors wasn't effective for that purpose,” the firm wrote, noting that “a majority of the 25 valuation, fundamental and momentum factors we monitor delivered negative returns” over the month of May.
The investment bank said the rate of underperformance was “comparable to the low in late 1999,” while 72% of factors had failed in Europe over the month. “The rising popularity of quant techniques among investors could further reduce the alpha from traditional factors,” it concluded.
To be sure, some advocates of big-data strategies still see its potential, especially as it continues to grow, evolve, and learn over time.
“There's still quite a range in AI models—what data you're looking at, where you get it, how you scrub it, what you're looking for. There could be other quant groups that are looking at the same raw data but analyzing it in a different way, meaning the same input material can result in different insights and outcomes,” said Jamie Wise, chief executive officer of Buzz Indexes.
Buzz is the sponsor of the Buzz US Sentiment Leaders ETF BUZ, -0.14% an exchange-traded fund that selects its holdings based on positive chatter in social media and other online sources. The fund is up 17.2% in 2017, above the 13.9% rise of the S&P 500 SPX, -0.11%
Learn more about the fund
Wise said the market was “still in the early days” of AI adoption, and that he didn't believe it was already so efficient as to be useless in discovering undervalued names, something he suggested may have been true of algorithmic trading a decade ago.
“Back then, everyone was looking at historical prices and correlations and divergences that were supposed to converge again; it was more likely that people would be looking at the same things, rending them less effective,” he said. “At some point AI-based data will be more commoditized, but it will still be only one part of the investment decision, one of billions of pieces moving at once.”
He added that this “won't mean answers about how to invest, it will just lead to asking more questions. That's a healthy, natural evolution of the tool.”
Image copyright Alamy
The Pentagon has outlined how it wants to revamp the US nuclear arsenal, and develop new low-yield bombs, largely in response to the threat from Russia.
Reality Check looks into where the world's nuclear weapons are located and who owns them.
While the global stockpile of nuclear weapons has shrunk significantly since the Cold War, there are hundreds of warheads that could be launched at short notice, and experts say every nuclear-armed nation is modernising its arsenal or has plans to do so.
Countries keep most details of their nuclear weapons secret, but it is known that nine countries own the estimated more than 9,000 nuclear weapons that are in military service. These are either deployed - mounted on land or sea missiles and kept at air bases - or in storage. About 1800 are on high alert and could be fired with little warning.
The US and Russia own the vast majority of the world's nuclear weapons.
Including retired warheads waiting to be dismantled, the total is said to be almost 15,000, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (Sipri). This is a marked decline since the 1980s when the figure peaked at around 70,000.
Why only these countries?
Since 1970, 190 countries including the US, Russia, UK, France and China have joined the Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). India, Israel and Pakistan never signed the agreement and North Korea left in 2003. The NPT recognises five states having nuclear weapons - US, Russia, France, UK and China - all of which had tested nuclear weapons before the agreement came into effect.
Under the agreement, these countries should not maintain an arsenal forever.
The treaty prohibits non-recognised states from developing nuclear weapons. South Africa, and former Soviet Union countries Belarus, Kazakhstan and Ukraine have all given up theirs.
Are countries making progress on disarmament?
The US, UK and Russia have all been reducing the size of their warhead inventories, Israel's and France's are said to be relatively unchanged and China, Pakistan, India and North Korea are believed to producing more, according to the Federation of American Scientists.
But at the very least, experts say, every nuclear-armed state has plans in place to modernise its nuclear stockpile.
Modernisation is contrary to the spirit of the Non-Proliferation Treaty, says Shannon Kile, head of Sipri's nuclear project.
The UK is planning to replace its fleet of Vanguard nuclear armed submarines, which carries its Trident nuclear missiles. The overall size of its arsenal will be reduced to no more than 180 by the mid-2020s.
The US may spend more than $1 trillion (£703bn) by the 2040s upgrading its nuclear capabilities. Some of America's warheads can be found around Europe in Belgium, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, and Turkey, which host around 150 warheads between them.
North Korea conducted its sixth nuclear test in September and the jury is still out on whether Kim Jong-un's nuclear programme is capable of attaching a warhead to a long-range missile.
In recent months, North Korea has demonstrated it has increasingly advanced missiles, which are said to have brought the United States within range.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption In 2017 North Korea tested several inter-continental missiles
Will there ever be a nuclear-free world?
A few months into his presidency, Barack Obama told a crowd of thousands in Prague that under his watch, America would commit "to seek the peace and security of a world without nuclear weapons". It appeared as though the world edged closer in July 2017 when more than 100 countries endorsed a UN treaty to ban nuclear weapons altogether.
So far dozens of countries have signed the legally binding instrument, the first agreement of its kind to explicitly ban nuclear weapons. However the nuclear-armed states boycotted the negotiations.
The UK and US say they never intend to join the treaty because it undermines the NPT. Allied Nato countries also failed to acknowledge the new agreement.
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (Ican), the organisation behind the treaty, was awarded the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize.
Image copyright Empics
What do you want BBC Reality Check to investigate? Get in touch
Read more from Reality Check
Follow us on Twitter
You should read this piece by my colleagues at The Upshot for an explanation of why American health care will prove difficult even for Jeff Bezos, Jamie Dimon and Warren Buffett to fix. And they're not necessarily the first to try.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Interested in All Things Tech? The Bits newsletter will keep you updated on the latest from Silicon Valley and the technology industry. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
For me, the hype surrounding the announcement was further evidence of Amazon's recent ability to get big public-relations wins for offering only the vaguest of promises — see its recent HQ2 media coup. It's an impressive achievement, in terms of marketing. Where the company's reputation once seemed headed toward something like Walmart's — that is, widely seen as a kind of monster spawn of American capitalism — now Amazon is fast becoming something else in the public eye: The fix-anything, can-do business hero who rolls up his sleeves to take on America's biggest challenges.
In that vein: Tune in for Bezos's star turn in Amazon's Super Bowl commercial on Sunday.
Facebook usage falls. Mark Zuckerberg cheers.
Amazon's rep rehab happened in a year in which tech companies have been hammered in the media, none more so than Facebook. Now Facebook is turning a new leaf, according to Mark Zuckerberg.
In an earnings report on Wednesday, Facebook's chief repeated what he has been saying for several months now: Facebook is going to address its effects on society by encouraging people to use Facebook less often.
And guess what? It's working! Right there in the lead paragraph of its earnings news release, Zuck proudly noted that “we made changes that reduced time spent on Facebook by roughly 50 million hours every day.”
I don't need to tell you that it is very strange for a C.E.O. to brag about people using his products less often. Investors didn't know what to make of the news; Facebook's stock fell in the aftermath of its report. But by Thursday, shares were back up, suggesting Facebook's argument to investors had stuck.
Zuck argues that if people spend less time on the site but feel like the time they do spend there is more valuable, Facebook's advertising business will prosper too. So far that is bearing out — Facebook's bottom line is still increasing at a double-digit rate.
But I'm fascinated by what happens next. Facebook, so far, has thrived on its promise of never-ending usage growth. Its shift to a new metric for success will be of enormous significance for the company and how its products fit into our lives. I doubt the transition will occur without eventual pushback from investors.
Among the recent group of Trinity Catholic (Mo.) prospects that recently visited Missouri during their Jr. Day was 2019 athlete Bryce Childress. He talked about what stood out during his recent tri...
Image caption Marcia Shakespeare set up a charity in her daughter's memory
The mother of a teenager gunned down in a drive-by shooting has warned of "complacency" after funding was cut for her campaign to tackle violent crime.
Marcia Shakespeare said she was "angry" the West Midlands Police and Crime Commissioner's office had not renewed funding for part of her schools' work.
Ms Shakespeare, whose 17-year-old daughter Letisha died in 2003, said she had to "constantly fight" for support.
The office said it valued her work and hoped to offer funding in the autumn.
Ms Shakespeare, who was appointed MBE in 2016 for her work to combat gang, gun and knife crime, said such work must continue.
"We can never ever forget that violent crime doesn't go away," she said.
"The only thing violence creates is damage to everyone - to the victim as well as to the perpetrator."
Letisha died with her best friend Charlene Ellis, 18, when they were hit by a hail of gunfire as they stood outside a New Year's Eve party in Aston.
Image caption Friends Charlene Ellis, 18, and 17-year-old Letisha Shakespeare (right) were killed as they stood outside a New Year's Eve party in Aston, Birmingham in 2003
PCC David Jamieson said in January a spike in gun crime was of "great concern". The latest figures recorded by police in England and Wales suggest cases of homicide and knife crime are rising.
But Ms Shakespeare who set up the Precious Trust charity in her daughter's memory, said she had to fight "every single year" for funding for work in schools.
The PCC's office said the project did not get funding this time due to a "technicality".
Assistant Police and Crime Commissioner Lynnette Kelly said: "We recognise the good work that she was doing and we want to work with her to try to make sure that when we launch the new money for guns and violence in the autumn that she will be able to access that fund."
Being a successful businessperson or employee, having quality time with the spouse and kids, even tackling the laundry and working out — it turns out, you can do it all.
At least that's what Laura Vanderkam, author of “I Know How She Does It: How Successful Women Make the Most of Their Time,” said. She offered a variety of life hacks to make what you want to accomplish in your week actually happen during a recent Facebook Live interview with MarketWatch.
Vanderkam analyzed time logs (broken down into half hour increments) of hundreds of successful women (defined as earning at least $100,000 per year and having one young child) and found that they actually had time outside of work to devote to the many activities they needed, or wanted, to accomplish. This isn't to be confused with doing absolutely everything: you might not be able to juggle 10 hobbies and be at your child's school every day.
A third of mothers spend at least 60 hours a week to household and family chores, a RetailMeNot survey found last year. Women spent 11 minutes more per day on housework compared with their male counterparts, but nearly a half hour more on food preparation and cleanup and 16 minutes more on childcare. And though a third of American couples see women as the breadwinners in the relationship, women are still often pressured to complete everyday tasks and motherhood.
See: Couples who have better sex do this
“Time is highly elastic,” Vanderkam said. “But time will stretch to accommodate what you choose to put into it.”
So if you're wondering how you can do it all, and stay sane, here's how you can get started:
Think of the week in 168 hours rather than 24 hours
Don't think of what you can fit in 24 hours, think of how much you can fit in 168 hours, a week's worth. Assuming someone works a regular 40-hour work week and sleeps eight hours a night, that person has 72 additional hours to get whatever they need to get done. Even factoring in an hour of commuting to work each way, there's still 62 hours a week. That's a decent amount of time to spend on activities you have to do, although it's important to factor in some downtime.
Write everything you accomplished — before you accomplish them
Every year you get a performance evaluation at work, and you might get a family holiday letter too, where friends and family gush on all that's happened in the past year. Imagine writing one yourself, but for the following year — what would you like to say you've accomplished? Having three to five goals gives you a sense of what you can work on next year, and you can factor in the time needed to make it happen. Want to run a marathon? Fill in a few time slots on the calendar to train. Want to go on a vacation with the family? Start planning it.
Actively log just one of your weeks to see how you manage time
Vanderkam analyzed time logs of hundreds of women, by asking people in her professional networks and those reading her blog, but she's also been managing her own for the past 20 months. She's learned what others have: they might over-exaggerate how much they actually work. By keeping a log, she also knows the rhythms of her week, when she'll have downtime and how much she's done. Time logs include everything, from sleep to checking email to swim lessons and dance recitals.
Find the times where you're more productive
Early mornings when you are alert and have not used up your energy for the day have been known to be a great time to get a lot of work done, including leisurely activities such as writing a novel and exercising. Even highly successful public figures find it's the best time. It's also a time to tackle difficult tasks (like running or paying bills) before you get distracted or general anxiety sets in. The same can be true of late nights for some people, though. If after putting the kids to bed works for you to do low energy activities, such as responding to emails, do it, Vanderkam said.
Convince yourself that this task will make your life better
At first glance, you may think you have no time to accomplish anything, but when something becomes necessary, such as a broken boiler, you make the time. The same goes for activities you consider a priority. For example, emails won't feel like work when you're writing them out about a project you're excited about. (Replying to emails may feel more like work.) “We don't build the lives we want by saving time, we build the lives we want and then time saves itself,” she said during her TED talk.
Allow yourself downtime to switch off
Sometimes, you need to give yourself a break. That includes putting down the dirty dishes and going to bed when you feel tired. Married couples in particular should communicate about everything that needs to be done during the week, and if you can't get your spouse to pick up some of the chores, that doesn't necessarily mean you have to take on extra work — “you can relax and not do it,” she said. The same is true of feeling pressure to stay on top of work during a vacation — it may give you peace of mind, but eventually you have to let go.
Dell SecureWorks is encouraging businesses to use these tips to fight back
Businesses targeted in email scams don't always have to play the victim. They can actually fight back.
Researchers at Dell SecureWorks have documented how they identified a suspected email scammer from Nigeria, by essentially playing along with the scheme to fool the attacker into revealing his true whereabouts.
Anyone can use these tips, said Joe Stewart, director of malware research at SecureWorks. “We're letting them (the scammers) give us all the information about themselves,” he said.
The email scheme SecureWorks dealt with involved a fraudster impersonating a CEO in what's called a business email spoofing attack. The goal is often to trick a victim into wiring funds to the scammer's bank account.
Although a business can train its employees to learn how to spot these suspicious emails, that won't necessarily stop the attack, especially since it's easy for anyone to continually bombard a victim with emails, SecureWork said.
Instead, a business' IT security staff can actually fight back and disrupt the scammer's operations. They can do this, by first replying to an email scam and pretending to act like a gullible victim.
This was how SecureWorks managed to eventually identify an email scammer from Nigeria that targeted a U.S. technology company back in November. SecureWorks was brought in to investigate and decided to fool the fraudster into thinking his scheme had worked.
The scammer had tried to trick the U.S. technology firm into wiring funds to a bank account by impersonating its CEO. SecureWorks pretended to comply, which caused the scammer to turn greedy.
“He started asking for $18,000,” said James Bettke, a SecureWorks researcher. “And then after that, he said, ‘Oh that's a typo. It's a $118,000.'”
SecureWorks One of the emails sent by the scammer.
To try and identify the scammer, SecureWorks decided to email back a PDF-based receipt, indicating the wire transfer had been complete. In reality, the receipt was a decoy that when clicked on, sent off the recipient's IP address and other web browser information.
The researchers found that their scammer was using an internet service provider in Lagos, Nigeria and was viewing the receipt on an iPhone.
SecureWorks continued to play a gullible victim, by claiming the wire transfer had failed. That forced the scammer to hand over details to other bank accounts. The researchers then took that information and notified the responsible bank that these accounts were being used for fraud, shutting them down.
To find out more about the scammer, the researchers sent another decoy receipt of a wire transfer that forced the recipient to enter a legitimate mobile phone number to view the form.
The scammer fell for the ruse. Using Facebook, the researchers found that the entered phone number was tied to a user named “Seun,” which the researchers believe is a real account.
“We know who he is,” Stewart said. “We could report him to the EFCC (The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission in Nigeria). But he didn't get away with any money.”
So instead, SecureWorks is publicizing information about the fraudster's scams, including the email addresses he used.
Dell SecureWorks
“If anybody has actually lost money to him, then they can approach law enforcement,” Stewart said. “That would be our best case scenario.”
You may have never heard of TabTale before, but that's probably because they tend to concentrate their efforts on "super casual indie games." The thing is that appears to be working in their favor as they have a breakout hit on their hands with the recent release of Run Sausage Run!, a free-to-play endless runner. Within the last 6 weeks of the game's initial release it has racked up over 10 million installs, and its popularity is showing no signs of slowing down.
For the most part Run Sausage Run! is a standard free-to-play endless runner. Your primary task is to run as far as you can. You do this to compete in the game's leaderboards, but also so you can collect as many coins as possible during each run. These coins can be used to unlock new skins for your sausage. There are also quite a few achievements to work your way through, which will also unlock some goodies such as new skins or more coins. So like I said, the gameplay doesn't really offer anything we haven't seen before, though that isn't always a bad thing, such as in this case.
When considering the gameplay, you may be asking yourself why Run Sausage Run! is so popular? If you take a quick look at the art-design, the cute graphics, and humorous setting, the reason why so many people are installing this game becomes a bit more clear. Everything about how Run Sausage Run! looks is pure awesomeness. Running around as a sausage in a clever-filled kitchen is going to be dangerous work, and the art direction shows this off in spades. The numerous gruesome ways your sausage can die can be quite entertaining and is the main reason I kept coming back for repeated plays.
Now, as far as monetization is concerned, Run Sausage Run! is actually pretty decently priced. You can play the game as much as you like for free, though there will be plenty of advertisements that pop up in between rounds of play. What is nice is that you can remove those ads with a single in-app purchase of $0.99. There is also a coin doubler for $2.99, and a few coin packs that range up to $4.99. All of these are purely optional.
I also noticed that Google Play Games Services are supported by the inclusion of an achievement system and leaderboards. Sadly there is no cloud saving support. So if you plan on playing on multiple devices, your saves will be completely separate.
All in all, Run Sausage Run! is an enjoyable endless runner that has an amusing theme and a perfectly acceptable monetization scheme. Sure, the gameplay may not offer anything new. But when you are looking for a quick casual game to play in your downtime, depth often doesn't come into the picture. As a free game Run Sausage Run! is a simple title to pick up and play that offers a good bit of fun, and as a paid experience the same can be said since you won't be nickel and dimed past your initial ad removal and coin doubler purchase. TabTale has struck a perfect balance of free and premium, and the downloads on the Play Store reflect that balance with over 10 million installs and counting.
Two national organisations have joined forces to press the Scottish Government to develop a land use policy which protects Scotland's world-renowned landscapes, and ensures access for recreation.
The Scottish Gamekeepers Association (SGA) and Mountaineering Scotland have written a joint letter to Environment Minister Roseanna Cunningham expressing concern at the potential impacts fragmented policy may have on Scotland's open landscapes.
Both organisations fear a lack of joined-up thinking could see the loss of internationally rare landscapes as Scottish Government pursues a policy of large scale afforestation without a blueprint to preserve its celebrated vistas.
While neither the SGA nor Mountaineering Scotland oppose well sited, planned tree planting, both question whether enough weight is being given to the significant changes this will have on the landscape and access.
In particular, they are worried that the dramatic open views and vistas, regarded as iconic of Scotland, may disappear.
Image copyright Family Handout Image caption Thomas Orchard was found unconscious in a cell and later died in hospital
A police force has been charged over the death of a man in custody.
Thomas Orchard, 32, who had schizophrenia, died in hospital a week after he suffered a cardiac arrest at an Exeter police station in 2012.
The office of the Chief Constable of Devon and Cornwall Police has been charged with exposing a non-employee to a risk to health or safety.
Prosecutors decided not to pursue corporate manslaughter charges against the force.
A Bronx high school where a student knifed a classmate to death and critically injured another turned into a veritable Fort Knox on Thursday — as four metal detectors were set up amid a heavy police presence.
see also Accused NYC school stabber tells reporters he was bullied As he was being walked out of the 48th Precinct...
Two body scanners and two conveyor belt X-ray machines were hauled into the Urban Assembly School for Wildlife Conservation on Mohegan Avenue in East Tremont about 6:40 a.m.
Retractable-belt barriers marked “NYPD School Safety” also were erected where students will be lining up one by one to be screened.
The older students will enter the school from its East 179th Street entrance, while the younger ones will use the Mohegan Avenue entrance.
Along with the screening hardware, a sign was set up reading: “All students and visitors and their belongings subject to search prior to entry into the school facility.”
At least 10 cops patrolled outside the school and several police vans were parked nearby.
Outraged parents said the beefed-up security should've been added prior to Wednesday's deadly incident, when cops said Abel Cedeno, 18, allegedly plunged a switchblade into Matthew McCree, 15, and Ariane LaBoy, 16, on the fifth floor.
“I'm pissed!” said mom Trina Nimmons, whose daughter, Summer Hall, 4, goes to the school. “They should have had metal detectors in the school before! They shouldn't have waited for someone to die!”
Third-grader Omahira Gonzalez said she's terrified to go to class — but her mom, Juanada Gonzalez, was relieved security was put in.
“I'm scared. I don't want to go to school here anymore. My mom is making me go,” the 9-year-old said. “Sometimes the big kids don't respect us. Sometimes they protect us, but sometimes no. I'm kind of nervous. We are mixed in with the big kids in places.”
McCree was pronounced dead on arrival at St. Barnabas Hospital, and LaBoy was listed in critical but stable condition, officials said.
Cedeno told cops that an ongoing beef with his victims made him snap, Police Chief Robert Boyce said Wednesday.
“I'm sad. I knew Matthew real well,” said 11th-grader Ashanie Walsh. “He was very funny. Always smiling, always laughing and playing with everyone. If I needed something, he was the one to go get it from the store. Just nice.”
Mayor Bill de Blasio, who visited the school Thursday, pledged the day before to tighten security at the facility, which did not have scanners.
Brazilian international midfielder Oscar was cheered by supporters of his new Shanghai club on Monday where some media reports said he would earn nearly $500,000 a week, making him the highest-paid player in the world.
Financial details of Oscar's transfer to Shanghai SIPG from Chelsea have not been released, but media reports have suggested Shanghai paid €60 million to lure the 25-year-old to the Chinese super league club.
Fans wearing the team's red and white colours shouted "Oscar, Oscar!" when the Brazilian arrived at Shanghai's international airport on Monday. He stopped to sign autographs before being led away by team officials.
"I think it will definitely enhance the team's capabilities," Shao Lei, a 30-year-old SIPG supporter, said of the latest Brazilian to sign with the Shanghai club.
"Our goal is to strive for the championship, nothing else," he told Reuters Television.
The figures cited in British media reports would make Oscar the world's highest paid player at about £400,000 a week.
However, he could be eclipsed by Carlos Tevez when the Argentine signs a huge contract with Shanghai Shenhua that could earn the striker £615,000 a week, according to media reports.
Shanghai SIPG finished third in the 2016 Chinese Super League season, which ran from March to the end of October, 12 points behind champions Guangzhou Evergrande and five behind second-placed Jiangsu Suning.
Oscar scored 38 goals in 203 appearances for Chelsea and lifted the Premier League, League Cup and Europa League titles during his four-and-a-half-year spell at the club.
He will link up with compatriots Hulk and Elkeson who are already plying their trade at Shanghai SIPG, led by former Chelsea manager Andre Villas-Boas.
Joanne Schnurr, CTV Ottawa
There have been 16 major vehicle attacks around the world since 2001.
This was by far the deadliest yet in Canada and is raising questions here in capital about keeping citizens safe on our streets.
It's happened around the world; guns and bombs being replaced by a different kind of weapon: trucks being rammed into pedestrians. It is forcing police and politicians to reconsider how to protect us.
A beautiful sunny day draws the crowds in Ottawa's Byward Market. And, after yesterday's attack in Toronto, it draws questions, too, about security.
“Just keep walking,” says one woman, “but always look behind.”
This is the new mantra, perhaps, in a new era where vehicles are used as weapons of mass destruction.
“You're walking on the street and you never know what's going to happen,” says Tammy McGarry, an Ottawa resident.
“It's hard to cross that line into fear, I guess,” adds Bill Pearce from Orangeville.
But we have crossed that line. Look at the security measures around the U.S. embassy now. And bollards are about to be installed at Ottawa city hall later this year.
The tougher challenge is how to keep what are called "soft targets” like you and me safe.
“We won't skimp on security if we feel there is a need for other protective devices,” says Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson, “We will invest in those because we don't want to see what happened in Toronto happening here and harming anyone.”
Elliot Tepper is an expert in security and terrorism, a Senior Research Fellow at Carleton University's Centre for Security and Defence Studies and says the challenge for Canada will be balancing that security with freedom.
“We want our freedom, we want to have sidewalk cafes,” he says, “We want to be able to go to Lansdowne Park but at same time, we want to be protected. That is the challenge we now face; that Canada is once again being reminded we aren't immune from the forces that go on in our world.”
Nowhere is that protection more evident than on Parliament Hill, the scene today of a rally to commemorate the 103 anniversary of the Armenian Genocide and a counter-rally by the Turkish community. The House of Commons was, of course, the scene of a terrorist attack in 2014. Today, any violence was tempered by a huge police presence and a physical barrier between the Turks on one side and the Armenians on the other. But that couldn't stop the verbal bombs being launched.
“Our worry,” says Selami Sahin with the Turkish Association of Canada, “is that terrorism is back from the Armenians, the Asala, which controls terrorism and they carried out the events in the past. They rented a U-haul van and one was rented yesterday so is someone backing up this issue or is he acting on his own?”
“Nobody here had foreknowledge or association with this attack,” countered Shahen Mirakian with the Armenian National Committee of Canada, “and we've condemned it in the strongest terms.”
Three Michelin starred Antoine Westermann, Chef and owner of Le Coq Rico, and his executive chef Guillaume Ginther, took the top $10,000 prize as Iron Chefs' Choice winner at the New York Wine Food Festival's Rooftop Iron Chef Showdown hosted by Alton Brown.
He won with his “Leeks Vinaigrette” dish with hollandaise sauce and Russett Pomme Allumette, one of his signature dishes.
The contest was judged by Geoffrey Zakarian, Mac Forgione, Jose Garces, Alex Guarnaschelli, Masaharu Morimoto, Michael Simon, Stephanie Izard and Alex Guarnaschelli.
At Blue Boon Burger Bash, hosted by Rachael Ray, the people's choice winner was Black Tap Craft Burgers & Beer for “The Greg Norman” with wagyu beef, house buttermilk-dill, blue cheese and arugula on a potato roll.
The judge's winner was Le Rivage for his “French Onion Soup Burger,” a Pat laFrieda Denim Blue Blended burger topped with gruyere, béchamel, confit onions on an english muffin.
Judges included David Diehl, Elvis Duran, Jaime Sire and Lance Bass, while Grammy Award-winning Naughty By Nature played for the crowd.
WE HEAR…
that the Rainbow Room has launched a Harvest Moon Pop-Up, following its summer Rosé Bar Pop-Up, on its 65th floor lounge. Think apple and pumpkin infused cocktails with fall foods like roasted cauliflower, pumpkin gnocchi and venison carpaccio. Desserts feature pumpkin yodel — pumpkin spice latte ice cream with white chocolate and cranberry fudge and a smoking apple — a stuffed baked apple with smoked caramel sauce and pecan crumble. The pop-up will be on offer Oct. 27 and Oct. 30.
WE HEAR…
that BR Guest's first annual Signature Chef Series will feature their chefs intimate dinner experiences with special menus. The first dinner was held at Atlantic Grill Lincoln Center on Oct. 5. Next up: executive Chef Joyce Riviera at Atlantic Grill Upper East Side on Oct. 19; Exec Chef Juan Carlos Ortega at Blue Fin on Nov. 2 and exec chef Chris Meenan at Blue Water Grill & Metropolis Oyster Room & Cocktail Bar on Nov. 16. Ticket info here.
SIGHTINGS:
Jane Krakowski and Jordan Peele dining separately at Baron's Cove in Sag Harbor during the Hamptons Film Festival.
(WOWT) Lareatha Rahn calls her newborn son Malikai her “miracle baby” after he survived a surprise delivery at home in the family's toilet.
“For him to have fallen into the toilet and nothing to happen to him, it's just a blessing. It really is,” she says.
Late Saturday night, two days past her due date, Rahn felt sudden, intense pressure in her abdomen as she went to use the restroom.
I just felt like I couldn't get off the toilet… I couldn't push. I tried to hold it in and every time I did I felt strong contractions,” she says.
As Rahn pushed, she called 9-1-1 and then asked her 11 year-old daughter Lamya for help.
“At first I'm like, ‘No, I'm not delivering a baby. I'm not touching him after he comes out of you until he's clean!'” Lamya recalls.
Click here to read more.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
President Trump on Monday authorized his top trade official to look into whether China is guilty of intellectual property theft, a move that could eventually lead to trade sanctions.
Trump called his action "a very big move" against practices that cost our nation "millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year."
He cited not just the theft of intellectual property such as computer software, but also Beijing's requirement that U.S. companies turn over proprietary technology as a condition of entering China's markets.
"We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity," Trump said at the White House. He was flanked by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and members of his economic team.
Monday's steps were very preliminary, and analysts say that it could be a long time, if ever, before significant trade sanctions are imposed on China.
Eventually, it could lead the administration to initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a sanctions mechanism that's part of the Trade Act of 1974.
Section 301 was widely used in the 1980s under the Reagan administration, but subsequent presidents have chosen to hear trade disputes at the World Trade Organization.
Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative, told NPR that Section 301 can be imposed unilaterally and is generally seen as quicker than the alternatives, such as the WTO.
"It saves time," he said. A WTO case "would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision, then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision. Then we have to go through another WTO process to get authorization for specific types of trade barriers. ... So it can take a few years to get the WTO authorization."
The White House move was applauded by technology groups, which have long complained about intellectual property theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying "for too long China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements."
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the United States to level the playing field. But he said the Trump administration needs to go further to address dumping of products such as steel.
"We need to follow through with meaningful action and that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel," Brown said.
But there are risks to the White House approach. Carolyn Freund, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways.
"China is likely to retaliate with tariffs on their own of U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China," she said. "It won't lead to anything positive."
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations.
But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric about China while on the campaign trail, the White House so far has been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator for instance, and a long promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
She says that's because it's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers, such as automakers and appliance companies.
Phil Jackson will go down with the worst execs in NYC sports Was Phil Jackson the worst executive in New York Sports history? Here are some of the other candidates: M. Donald Grant Mets chairman of the board, 1962-78 Grant is credited...
Nets get the worst possible result to a deal they already lost When the Nets made their infamous trade with the Celtics in 2013, team owner Mikhail Prokhorov said “the basketball gods smiled on” his team. It turns out they actually were...
Chris McCullough pulls off unique doubleheader for Nets Nets forward Chris McCullough became just the fourth player to appear in both an NBA game and a D-League game in the same day. After scoring 21 points in the...
Struggling Nets collapse late, fall to Jason Kidd's Bucks After a record road trip, the Nets' first home game in three weeks didn't go as planned. But it went about as expected. They faced ex-coach Jason Kidd for the...
Best description for these pitiful Nets? New Jersey 2.0 It wasn't supposed to be like this. Not in Brooklyn. Not four years into what was supposed to be a new beginning, a new culture, a new era of promise...
Nets midseason report card: Pitiful grades, including two Fs The Nets played their 41st game Saturday in Atlanta, officially turning the corner for the halfway point of the season. And frankly, it's hard to imagine a season going much...
Nets owner dances around $120M John Calipari question When Mikhail Prokhorov bought the Nets in 2010, he talked about winning a title. Six years, six coaches, no rings and one big mess later, he fired his coach, demoted...
Nets fire coach Lionel Hollins, demote GM in stunning shakeup The Nets started their housecleaning early, firing head coach Lionel Hollins and demoting general manager Billy King in a sudden wave of franchise-altering moves Sunday morning. Brooklyn assistant coach Tony...
Nets' Lionel Hollins refuses to read the writing on the wall In the NBA, a vote of confidence for a coach often is as reassuring as being the unfortunate ensign who beams down to some strange world with Capt. Kirk and...
Access to Safe Water: Is the Green Revolution Around the Corner?
19 March Launch of United Nations World Water Development Report
Paris/ Brasilia, Mar 19 2018 (UNESCO) - Nature-based solutions can play an important role in improving the supply and quality of water and reducing the impact of natural disasters, according to the 2018 edition of the United Nations World Water Development Report. The study, which will be presented by Audrey Azoulay, Director-General of UNESCO, Gilbert Houngbo, Chair of UN-Water, at the 8th World Water Forum in Brasilia (Brazil), argues that reservoirs, irrigation canals and water treatment plants are not the only water management instruments at our disposal.
In 1986, the State of Rajasthan (India) experienced one of the worst droughts in its history. Over the following years, an NGO worked alongside local communities to set up water harvesting structures and regenerate soils and forests in the region. This led to a 30% increase in forest cover, groundwater levels rose by several metres and cropland productivity improved.
These measures are good examples of the nature-based solutions (NBS) advocated by the latest edition of the report, Nature-based Solutions for Water. It recognizes water not as an isolated element, but as an integral part of a complex natural process that involves evaporation, precipitation and the absorption of water through the soil. The presence and extent of vegetation cover across grasslands, wetlands and forests influences the water cycle and can be the focus for actions to improve the quantity and quality of available water.
“We need new solutions in managing water resources so as to meet emerging challenges to water security caused by population growth and climate change. If we do nothing, some five billion people will be living in areas with poor access to water by 2050. This Report proposes solutions that are based on nature to manage water better. This is a major task all of us need to accomplish together responsibly so as to avoid water related conflicts,” declared the Director-General of UNESCO.
“For too long, the world has turned first to human-built, or “grey”, infrastructure to improve water management. In so doing, it has often brushed aside traditional and Indigenous knowledge that embraces greener approaches. Three years into the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, it is time for us to re-examine nature-based solutions (NBS) to help achieve water management objectives”, writes Gilbert Houngbo, Chair of UN-Water and President of the International Fund for Agricultural Development in the foreword of the report.
Focusing on ‘environmental engineering'
So-called ‘green' infrastructure, as opposed to traditional ‘grey' infrastructure, focuses on preserving the functions of ecosystems, both natural and built, and environmental engineering rather than civil engineering to improve the management of water resources. This has multiple applications in agriculture, the greatest consumer of water by far. Green infrastructure can help reduce pressures on land use while limiting pollution, soil erosion and water requirements by contributing to the development of more effective and economic irrigation systems, for example.
Thus, the System of Rice Intensification, originally introduced in Madagascar, helps restore the hydrological and ecological functioning of soils rather than using new crop varieties or chemical products. It enables savings of 25 to 50% in water requirements and 80 to 90% in seeds while raising paddy output by 25 to 50%, depending on the region in which it is implemented.
It is estimated that agricultural production could be increased by about 20% worldwide if greener water management practices were used. One study cited by the Report reviewed agricultural development projects in 57 low-income countries and found that using water more efficiently combined with reductions in the use of pesticides and improvements in soil cover, increased average crop yields by 79%.
Green solutions have also shown great potential in urban areas. While vegetated walls and roof gardens are perhaps the most recognizable examples, others include measures to recycle and harvest water, water retention hollows to recharge groundwater and the protection of watersheds that supply urban areas. New York City has been protecting its three largest watersheds since the late 1990s. Disposing of the largest unfiltered water supply in the USA, the city now saves more than US$ 300 million yearly on water treatment and maintenance costs.
Faced with an ever-increasing demand for water, countries and municipalities are showing a growing interest in green solutions. China, for example, recently initiated a project entitled “Sponge City” to improve water availability in urban settlements. By 2020, it will build 16 pilot Sponge Cities across the country. Their goal is to recycle 70% of rainwater through greater soil permeation, retention and storage, water purification and the restoration of adjacent wetlands.
The importance of wetlands
Wetlands only cover about 2.6 % of the planet but play a disproportionately large role in hydrology. They directly impact water quality by filtering toxic substances from pesticides, industrial and mining discharges.
There is evidence that wetlands alone can remove 20 to 60% of metals in water and trap 80 to 90% of sediment from runoff. Some countries have even created wetlands to treat industrial wastewater, at least partially. Over recent years, Ukraine, for example, has been experimenting artificial wetlands to filter some pharmaceutical products from wastewater.
However, ecosystems alone cannot perform to totality of water treatment functions. They cannot filter out all types toxic substances discharged into the water and their capacity has limits. There are tipping points beyond which the negative impacts of contaminant loading on an ecosystem becomes irreversible, hence the need to recognize thresholds and manage ecosystems accordingly.
Mitigating risks from natural disasters
Wetlands also act as natural barriers that soak up and capture rainwater limiting soil erosion and the impacts of certain natural disasters such as floods. With climate change, experts predict that there will be an increase in the frequency and intensity of natural disasters.
Some countries have already started taking precautions. For example, Chile announced measures to protect its coastal wetlands after the tsunami of 2010. The State of Louisiana (USA) created the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority following Hurricane Katrina (2005), whose devastating impact was magnified by the degradation of wetlands in the Mississippi Delta.
Nevertheless, the use of nature-based solutions remains marginal and almost all investments are still channelled to grey infrastructure projects. Yet, to satisfy the ever-growing demand for water, green infrastructure appears to be a promising solution complementing traditional approaches. The authors of the report therefore call for greater balance between the two, especially given that nature-based solutions are best aligned with the Sustainable Development Goals adopted by the United Nations in 2015. Coordinated by the UN World Water Assessment Programme of UNESCO, the United Nations World Water Development Report is is the fruit of collaboration between the 31 United Nations entities and 39 international partners that comprise UN-Water. Its publication coincides with World Water Day, celebrated every year on 22 March.
****
Media contact: Agnès Bardon, UNESCO Press Service: +33 (0) 1 45 68 17 64, a.bardon@unesco.org
Media corner: http://www.unesco.org/new/en/natural-sciences/environment/water/wwap/media-corner/
Riverbank Arts Centre will welcome comedian Eric Lalor on Saturday, July 14.
Many will recall him from RTE's Fair City, but he is better known for his warm, energetic on stage presence as a standup.
With gags that always hit the spot, his engaging, high intensity performances makes him on the top names of ‘must book' comedians.
Mr Lalor is a regular act at the prestigious Kilkenny Cat Laughs Festival, as well as playing the Electric Picnic, Galway Comedy Festival, Edinburgh Fringe, Portlaoise Halloween Howls and Iveagh Gardens Festivals.
He has also opened for some of the biggest names in Irish comedy including Tommy Tiernan, Des Bishop, Jason Byrne, PJ Gallagher, Andrew Maxwell, Colin Murphy and more.
His first foray into comedy was in 2006, as one of the participants of RTÉ Two's Des Bishop's Joy In The Hood.
This, his first ever gig was filmed on his home turf of Ballymun in Dublin and broadcast to the entire nation. Des went to Ballymun in search of new comedic talent and discovered Eric and so impressed with what he saw that he brought Eric on his record-breaking, nationwide Fitting In tour.
Opening the show at Live at the Marquee in Cork, Eric performed to 5,000 people. Since then, Eric has gone from strength to strength and has now garnered a reputation in Irish comedy as a consistent performer, making him one of the most sought after acts in the country.
His first year in the highly competitive world of stand-up comedy saw him win the Comedy Cellar and Capital Comedy Club's Best Newcomer Award. He has also been crowned Irish Standup of the Year two years in a row by the readers of Entertainment.
To book tickets for this event call the box office on 045 448327 or book online at riverbank.ie
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
What is sex for? Richard Doerflinger A More Human Society
It began with reports that Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein, over many years, used his power over aspiring actresses' careers to sexually harass and exploit them.
The allegations soon extended to other prominent men in the entertainment industry, then to candidates and elected officials of both major parties.
Now each day seems to bring a new story about sexual misconduct — usually by men, though occasionally by a female teacher — against those more powerless or vulnerable than themselves. Most disturbingly, some reports involve seduction of minors by adults.
Ironies abound. A few weeks ago, Time magazine published a special issue celebrating the career of Playboy founder Hugh Hefner after his death. Now it portrays Weinstein on its cover as “predator” and “pariah.” Yet Hefner also mistreated and demeaned women, and the view of sexual freedom he made a career of promoting encouraged the behavior that makes Weinstein a pariah.
The root problem here is a self-centered notion of freedom that “frees” individuals from respecting others, if such respect would get in the way of their own pleasure. That freedom, divorced from the truth about human dignity, never means freedom for everyone. It means, in the words of St. John Paul II, “the supremacy of the strong over the weak” (“Evangelium Vitae,” No. 23).
Such freedom is especially destructive when applied to sexuality, by which men and women relate to each other in the most vulnerable and intimate way possible.
The myth of the “sexual revolution” is that everything is acceptable if agreed to by mutual consent. But the people involved seldom have the same degree of control over the situation, so one is more “free” than the other to influence or manufacture that consent.
Certainly, that is true of adults pursuing minors. And on college campuses, it seems predatory males have found alcohol and drugs useful in making sure female students are not conscious or self-aware enough to say “No” — or to remember afterward exactly what happened. And so sexual “freedom” blurs into what is tantamount to rape.
Ready access to contraception, and then abortion, have also been seen as enabling full exercise of this freedom. Some women thought these would free them of anxiety over pregnancy and parenthood, equalizing the power in their relationships.
Instead they often place more power in the hands of callow men, who see their own responsibility as beginning and ending with the offer to pay for an abortion. Hefner understood this, and his Playboy Foundation made large donations to the “abortion rights” movement. Unplanned pregnancies still happen, unwed childbearing has increased and women have been left more alone than ever to cope.
Some secular feminists also understand this. Catharine MacKinnon, for example, has written that the “right of privacy” or “right to be let alone” the Supreme Court used to defend abortion is “a right of men ‘to be let alone' to oppress women one at a time.”
As allegations, denials and recriminations continue, it is difficult to see where this will lead. It may create a climate in which men and women distrust each other more than ever.
Another alternative would be to remember the vision of sexuality the Catholic Church has taught for two millennia. In that vision, sex is about self-giving, not selfishness; mutual vulnerability, not power; commitment, not exploitation; fulfillment, not just pleasure. It is a powerful language that says: I will always be united in love with you, and with any children we may conceive together.
Having tried the opposite approach for decades, I wonder if Americans might take another look at a vision that is ever ancient, ever new.
* * *
A memo alleging the FBI abused its surveillance authority became public on Friday after a push by House Republicans. President Trump authorized the memo's release, even after the FBI expressed "grave concerns" about the "accuracy" of the document, authored by House intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif.
NPR journalists who cover the Justice Department, the White House and national security have annotated the White House's authorization letter and the memo itself.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio — Ira Gerhart finally found a place last year to fulfil his yearslong dream of opening a brewery: a 1923 Presbyterian church. It was cheap, charming and just blocks from downtown Youngstown.
But soon after Gerhart announced his plans, residents and a minister at a Baptist church a block away complained about alcohol being served in the former house of worship.
“I get it, you know, just the idea of putting a bar in God's house,” Gerhart said. “If we didn't choose to do this, most likely, it'd fall down or get torn down. I told them we're not going to be a rowdy college bar.”
With stained glass, brick walls and large sanctuaries ideal for holding vats and lots of drinkers, churches renovated into breweries attract beer lovers but can grate on the spiritual sensibilities of clergy and worshippers.
At least 10 new breweries have opened in old churches across the country since 2011, and at least four more are slated to open in the next year. The trend started after the 2007 recession as churches merged or closed because of dwindling membership. Sex abuse settlements by the Roman Catholic Church starting in the mid-2000s were not a factor because those payments were largely covered by insurers, according to Terrence Donilon, spokesman for the archdiocese of Boston.
Gerhart's is scheduled to open this month after winning over skeptics like the Baptist minister and obtaining a liquor license.
“We don't want (churches) to become a liquor store,” said Michael Schafer, spokesman for the Archdiocese of Cincinnati, which has imposed restrictions on turning closed churches into beer halls. “We don't think that's appropriate for a house of worship.”
At the Church Brew Works in Pittsburgh, an early church-turned-brewery that opened in 1996, patrons slide into booths crafted from pews. Towering steel and copper vats sit on the church's former altar. Yellow flags line the sanctuary emblazoned with the brewery's motto: “ON THE EIGHTH DAY. MAN CREATED BEER.”
Owner Sean Casey bought the former church because it was cheap and reminded him of beer halls he used to frequent in Munich. Aficionados cite its rustic decor as a major draw.
“It's got that ‘wow' factor,” said Jesse Anderson-Lehnan, 27. “But it still feels like a normal place, it doesn't feel weird to come and sit at the bar and talk for a few hours.”
When St. John the Baptist Church was desanctified and sold to Casey, Roman Catholics in the diocese voiced their opposition, leading to the deed restrictions to stop other closed churches from becoming bars and clubs.
While the Diocese of Cincinnati also has imposed such restrictions, it's unclear how much company it and Youngstown have. Limits also exist in the Diocese of Altoona-Johnstown, Pennsylvania, while the Boston archdiocese says it solicits proposals from potential buyers and screens them to make sure they're in line with Catholic values.
Churches are uniquely difficult to renovate, preservationists say. Large stained windows and cavernous sanctuaries are tough to partition into condominiums. Historic landmark protections can bar new owners from knocking down some churches, leading them to sit empty and decay.
But the same vaulted ceilings that keep housing developers away from churches also lend them an old-world air hard to replicate elsewhere, making former houses of worship particularly suitable as dignified beer halls.
There, even clergy members sometimes aren't so opposed to quaffing a pint. Some are regulars at the Church Brew Works, Casey said, where they can order Pipe Organ pale ale or Pious Monk dark lager.
Cincinnati's Taft's Ale House kicked off its grand opening in the 167-year-old St. Paul's Evangelical Protestant Church with a “blessing of the beers.” A television report at the time shows the Rev. John Kroeger, a Catholic priest, giving the blessing.
“God of all creation, you gift us with friends, and food and drink,” he said, eyes cast upward. “Bless these kegs, and every keg that will be brewed here. Bless all those freshened here, and all those gathered in the days, and months, and years to come!”
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: yen.com.gh
2017-10-06
These Senior High Schools are known to produce all the “bad boys” in Ghana
It has never been unusual to hear of students from some Senior High Schools (SHS's) engaged in one form of truancy or the other. Most people in society often reminisce about some of the days of truancy at the SHS.
List of SHS schools, whose students are branded as the most mischievous one could come across in Ghana.
1.Adisadel College
Founded in 1910, it is an Anglican educational institution located in Cape Coast, Ghana. They won the 2016 Brilliant Science & Maths Quiz, after fighting off challenges from Opoku Ware Senior High School and Mfanstipim Senior High School.
Their affiliation with Mfanstiman Girls Senior High School is reffered to as SANTAMOGA; and rumour has it that they are very jealous partners.
You go near their ladies at your own risk. One of their most popular old students is Honourable Kennedy Ohene Agyapong, entrepreneur and Member of Parliament for Assin Central.
2.St. Augustine's College
St Augutines College was established in 1930, by the Roman Catholic Church. The motto of the college is Omnia Vincit Labor, which means “Perseverance conquers All”. Does their motto influence them? One might certainly think so. Their alliance with Holy Child Senior High School is well – known. Are tfhey “angels”? Well, that is a matter of personal judgement, as their spirit of perseverance is rumoured to go both ways – for good causes and for the not so good ones.
3.Mfantsipim College
Established in the year 1876 by the Methodist Church, and located in Cape Coast, this educational institution is hard to miss when the focus is on Senior High Schools in Ghana. Also referred to as “Kwabotwe, has carved a niche for itself in a myriad of areas. They were adjudged winners of the 1999 and 2014 editions of the National Science and Maths quiz. According to popular perception, its students are the “ladies men”. They certainly know how to sweet-talk any daughter of Eve who comes their way.
4.Pope John Senior High School
Pope John Senior High School, established in 1958, is located in Effiduase, Koforidua. A Catholic school, they are often seen and heard at public places, singing hymns and anthems. Indeed their school choir is a cynosure of all eyes. They are also known for their love for basketball, a sport which they wish to “flex” with anytime they get the opportunity to do so. Students are known to have been caught in a myriad of avoidable situations. Clashes with fellow schools are not unusual. Their reputation for notoriety is not so much in doubt.
5.Presbyterian Boys Senior High School
Presbyterian Boys Secondary School, popularly referred to as Presec, was founded in 1938. It enjoys a close bond with its “partner”, Aburi Girls Senior High School. PRESEC won the Brilliant Science & Maths Quiz on five occasions. Indeed they pride themselves for being brainy. Notorious? One can easily spot students in town, in school uniforms, and consequently have lots of questions. The tendency to respect rules and regulations is often a matter of personal judgement, depending on one's perspective
Getty Images Crocs has been suing competitors for patent infringement
Crocs are in the fight of their life.
For years the plastic clog maker has been suing rivals, including USA Dawgs, which makes a lookalike clog, claiming that Dawgs and others have been infringing on Crocs' CROX, +1.09% design patent.
But late last week the US Patent and Trademark Office rejected Crocs' patent argument, which is a major blow to the already struggling footwear company. The decision was first reported by Footwear News.
The government agency essentially said the Crocs design is not original, that a second company had applied for a similar design patent a year before Crocs.
Crocs told Footwear News that it plans to appeal the decision and will “continue to aggressively enforce its intellectual property portfolio against those who unfairly trade off of Crocs' goodwill and reputation.”
The fight between Crocs and Dawgs dates back to 2006 and escalated this year when Dawgs sued its rival alleging that Crocs was copying one of its designs, a Z-strap sandal, and accused its rival of corporate sabotage.
Amid declining sales, Colorado-based Crocs is closing 160 stores over the next two years, slimming down to 400 stores.
In the most recent quarter, the company revenue declined 3.3 percent to $313 million, which was an improvement over the first quarter, in which sales dipped by more than 10 percent.
Its brightly colored shoes were ubiquitous a decade ago, helped by the likes of celebrity chef Mario Batali, who seemed not to own any other brands. But their popularity inspired copycats and lawsuits.
Crocs did not respond to an e-mail requesting comment.
This story originally appeared on NYPost.com.
Toyota has revamped its plug-in hybrid with a longer cruising range and quicker charging, including from a regular home plug, hoping it will sell better than the first model from five years ago that officials acknowledged had flopped.
Japanese automaker Toyota Motor Corp.'s Prius PHV plug-in went on sale in Japan on Wednesday. Sales in the U.S. started late last year, and it is set to launch in Europe and other countries in March.
Toyota hopes to sell 2,500 PHV cars in Japan a month. It gave no overseas targets. It sold only 22,000 of the earlier PHVs.
The lackluster sales contrast with Toyota's leadership in hybrid vehicles; it has sold 10 million globally since the first Prius went on sale in 1997.
Nearly half of the vehicles Toyota sells in Japan are hybrid models. Toyota, which also makes the Camry sedan, offers hybrids across the entire spectrum of models, including sport-utility vehicles and Lexus luxury cars.
But Toyota suffered a setback in another ecological technology, fuel cells, which run on hydrogen fuel. All 2,800 Mirai fuel-cell vehicles on roads — 1,200 in the U.S., 1,500 in Japan and 140 in Europe — were recalled globally Wednesday for defective software.
If the gas pedal is pushed fully after the vehicle makes a long descent using cruise control, a surge in voltage can cause the fuel system to stop running, according to Toyota.
A hybrid switches between a gas engine and an electric motor. A plug-in hybrid can travel further as a pure electric vehicle, which is zero-emission, but needs recharging when its battery is spent.
The cruising range of the new plug-in as an EV is 68.2 kilometers (42.4 miles), about five times the earlier model's 26.4 kilometers (16.4 miles).
It also charges about twice as fast, in two hours and 20 minutes, from a 200-volt outlet and in 14 hours at a 100-volt outlet. At a special charging machine, it reaches an 80 percent charge in just 20 minutes.
Toyota Chairman Takeshi Uchiyamada, known as "the father of the Prius," said he had no idea how long it will take for global plug-in sales to reach a million.
He acknowledged hybrid sales have suffered as the recent drop in gas prices helped sales of sport-utility vehicles. But in the long run, consumers will opt for ecological vehicles because of growing worries about the environment, he said.
By 2050, Toyota foresees reducing emissions by 90 percent from 2010 levels — meaning that almost every vehicle on roads will be running on some kind of green technology, be it hybrids, electric, plug-in or fuel cell.
"PHV is key to that step in making eco-cars widespread," Uchiyamada said. "This is a product we are proud of."
———
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama
Following the tragic death of two Brooklyn tots last week,...
The city plans to add a protected bike lane and narrow the driving lanes along Ninth Avenue in Brooklyn where a seizure-prone driver fatality struck two children in March, Mayor Bill de Blasio announced on Wednesday.
The bike lane will move to the other side of parked cars from traffic between Prospect Park West and Third Avenue. The city will also narrow the traffic lane along that same stretch, officials said.
“For the last few months, DOT's planners, designers and engineers have been hard at work coming up with a safe and smart redesign of 9th Street,” said Polly Trottenberg, commissioner of the city's transportation department.
The city will present the proposed street redesign at a Community Board 6's June meeting.
De Blasio also once again begged the state to let the city install more speed cameras in more school zones.
“We are doing our part with a redesign of 9th Street to reduce speeding and make it safer. Now we need Albany to its part. We need school zone speed camera legislation extended and expanded immediately to prevent future tragedies on our streets. Speed cameras save lives,” said de Blasio.
Current state laws only allow 140 speed cameras in school zones, and those can only be in operation during school hours. Many city and state lawmakers have called for the number of cameras to be raised to 290.
Mike Tyson won't be speaking at the Republican National Convention, Donald Trump said in a late Tuesday tweet. “Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though...
Edwin Eze: The immortality of the last rangers Trojan scribe
“In 1991, Austin Okocha had played himself into Rangers International FC to join his immediate elder brother Emma Okocha, who had earlier played for Vasco Dagama and Nigeria U-17 team. Austin's trip to Lagos against ACB Football Club of Lagos changed his life and football career for good. Rangers FC coaches had debated whether to carry Austin or not as an “extra luggage,” a term used for the 17th player, who was taken along in case of unforeseen eventualities in the long distance trip for a League match.”
See Edwin Eze, Emma Okocha, Rangers International FC….History of a People, Snaap Press, May 2017, Page 97.
Okocha, after an intense lobby and persuasion on his behalf to the coaches by the young Rangers secretary, made the team to Lagos and was brought in to replace his elder brother, Emma, who had developed a groin injury. Some foreign agents, who had come to watch Monday Odiaka from ACB Lagos, play his last match before jetting outside Nigeria, saw Austin Okocha's touches and settled for him. Incidentally, Monday Odiaka was dropped and those agents picked Austin Okocha and from there, Jay – Jay the magician, the Germans tag, Wunderbar, transformed his abject poverty heritage. From the midfield, Jay-Jay dominated a hilarious generation of black African football.
Until his death few weeks ago, Edwin Eze, that young secretary that pleaded with the coaches to give Jay –Jay a chance, was badgering gorgeous, as Alexander the Great. Alexander, the Prince from Macedonia, the most beautiful, had attracted the wrath of the gods. His status and mouthwatering Ethiopian features propelled by a steel ambition of a grand territorial expansion of the Greek empire, threatened the position of the gods. Consequently, the gods accosted him, ordering him to choose out of only two options; a long life of listless purpose, or a short passage of impacting footprints. Alexander the great opened his blue eyes and elected a brief sojourn of asterisk achievements. Accordingly, on his death at the age of 32, Alexander had unified the incessant warring factions of the city states. From there, he sailed to the Mediterranean, conquered Egypt and founded the city of Alexandria. From Egypt, Alexander entered the history books, as the only military General, who had attempted and indeed succeeded in conquering the world!
Unlike Alexander the Great, Edwin Eze's death at the age of 56 meant he did not choose a very young life. All the same, his grit, discipline, athletic prowess and outstanding field victories at a particularly sad and mournful period of our people's history; inspired, uplifted those despairing youths, the children of parents, who faced and withstood the consequences of losing a civil war. Watching the Rangers presently, get clobbered by all and sundry, Edwin Eze would go away from the shadows and weep.
Like Alexander the Great, he was super gifted and was in a hurry. He combined his handsome features with broad intellectual prolifigacy acquired from his painstaking and backbreaking marriage to books. He read himself into Calabar University, graduated to join my G.O.C. Regiment, then blossoming at the Satellite village, Enugu. That Regiment attracted eggheads like Professor Okey Ndibe, the One-eyed General C Don, the late Chike Akabuogu and the APGA Chairman, Danquay Oye. Okey Ndibe, was covering wrestling, Danquay Oye was the Base Commander, Akabuogu was flying the Concord and died in action in the last battle for Lagos! Whatever were their special contributions to the spectacular rise of that unforgettable provincial Daily, it was Air Marshall Edwin Eze that eventually took over officially, the Command of that moribund G.O.C. Sports Regiment.
Edwin Eze, last year, was meritoriously appointed Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Agriculture, Enugu. With that elevation, he joined the few out of millions of bureaucrats whose advisory roles and planning for governments currently, totter the development strides and the productive schedule register of their colonial predecessors. In his brief tenure as the Permanent Secretary, Edwin Eze demystified the place and brought farmers to hug the different national and foreign programmes initiated by the state government to increase productivity. I saw him on television ride in keke, on motorbikes to agric. seminars, mobilising the leaders and the superintendents back to the farms.
In a hurry to stave off starvation, he ran the race and from his sports background, he had the energy and accomplished. To the public and the media, he demonstrated an uncommon public relations élan. He had the education and his ministry was outpacing the other ministries in bringing the government and the people together to farm the land. Collaborating with him in writing the Rangers FC, a history of a people, I noticed Edwin Eze was very much in a hurry. Battling all odds in search of a classic, he did everything, including staying all nights for the book to be published before Christmas. This work is a combination of my twenty years research and his over two decades of service to that great African clubside; as the information officer, secretary, variously acting as the team manager. Going through the book again and again, it will be fair to actually label him the first and last true team manager of the Rangers International FC. Even though he was already a Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Agriculture, the information ministry where he served as director, would at any given opportunity, come for his advice. Before his death, the Rangers were dwindling into an indomie foraging assembly and Edwin was worried to the bones. As we finished the book, and set to print, he rushed from his office and handed to me all his collections, items, clippings, mementos, pictures, publications of the Rangers FC. “G.O.C., adi ama ama, this book must conclude on building an archival centre to serve as a monument and permanent indentation etch of the glorious history of our people… These boys have to know the history they are carrying on their shoulders… when they step into the field. Those last lines are my prescriptions for the revival of the Rangers International FC and I'm surrendering all these to you in trust… Whatever happens, I pray a Rangers Archival Centre would be built after we are done with our work…”
Two weeks after Rangers International FC…. History of a People was published, Edwin Boy Eze, the air martial, sports impresario, great sports writer, editor, erudite author, football club secretary, peerless bureaucrat, permanent secretary gave up the ghost.
Edwin Eze's golden footprints on the sands of time would be etched on the marble of the Rangers Archive Centre and Hall of Fame. Edwin Boy Eze is immortal. He was our last Rangers Trojan scribe. Edwin Eze with his collaboration in the Rangers International FC…. History of a People; Edwin Eze in his hurry to accomplish on earth and bomb the heavens, wrote himself to immortality.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A bioluminescent species of mushroom, commonly known as “Ghost Fungi,” pops up every autumn in southern Australia and Tasmania. Typically found after the rain among tree trunks and stumps, this...
'Get Out,' 'Lady Bird' nominated for AARP's Movies for Grownups Awards The 17th Annual Movies for Grownups Awards will be broadcast for the first time on Friday, February 23 at on PBS.
Helen Mirren to receive AARP's career achievement award “I am greatly honored by this award,” said Mirren. “I consider film to be a high art form, that informs, inspires, and entertains."
Steve Martin: Fatherhood at 71 is 'fantastic' “I am very forthcoming with her, and it's great,” he said of his 4-year-old daughter. “She's giving me way more than I'm giving her.”
Ex-Men's Health exec makes jump to AARP Steve Perrine, onetime editor of Best Life and a creative director of Men's Health at Rodale, has landed at the AARP as an executive editor in its recently opened New...
AARP shoots down de Blasio's claim group backs 'mansion tax' All week, Mayor de Blasio has been claiming that support from the AARP would boost his long-shot proposal in Albany to impose a “mansion tax” on high-end property sales in...
AARP isn't expanding staff — they're just 'reorganizing' AARP may be adding staffers but insiders told Media Ink it's not because of an expansion but rather an internal restructuring. The Content Team in Washington DC, is being laid...
AARP expanding editorial staff, opening NYC office Say what you will about baby boomers, but they still have an appetite for the written word. That's why AARP The Magazine is expanding its editorial staff with up to...
Helen Mirren plants kiss on Morgan Freeman Mirren presented Freeman with the AARP Movies for Grownups Career Achievement Award.
Morgan Freeman named AARP lifetime achievement recipient AARP said Thursday the actor will receive its Movies for Grownups Career Achievement Award at a gala ceremony next year.
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
It's a global epidemic.
The massive cyber-attack sweeping across the world's computers has now infected at least 100,000 organizations in 150 countries, Europe's police agency announced Sunday.
And things are only going to get worse Monday morning when more people come to work and turn their computers on, said Europol spokesman Jan Op Gen Oorth.
Officials still don't know who is behind the so-called “ransomware” attack — the largest online extortion attempt ever, he said.
The “WannaCry” program cripples computer networks by freezing machines and demanding money — $300 bitcoins initially, then rising to $600 over several hours before it destroys the files — although few people have actually coughed up the cash, Op Gen Oorth added.
Some of the largest victims so far include FedEx, Britain's hospital network, Russia's Interior Ministry, Spain's Telefonica, and French car company Renault, Reuters reports.
Some of the outbreak has been stemmed by a 22-year-old computer whiz who discovered a “kill switch” in the program.
But it is only a matter of time before the attackers tweak the program's code to build a better mouse trap, an expert told Reuters.
“It really would not be so difficult for the actors behind this to re-release their code without a kill switch or with a better kill switch,” said cyber-security researcher Darien Huss, who assisted in discovering the original kill switch.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. — Kevin “K-Rob” Robinson, a former professional BMX rider who set a world record for the longest power-assisted bicycle backflip, has died. He was 45.
His wife, Robin Adams Robinson, told The Providence Journal the Rhode Island native suffered an apparent stroke Saturday. She said his death was unexpected.
Kevin Robinson earned gold medals in the X Games and was famous for his high-flying jumps. He jumped 84 feet from one ramp to another in downtown Providence last year, setting a world record. He set a BMX high air world record in New York City's Central Park in 2008.
Robinson retired from competition in 2013. Many BMX riders shared stories about him on social media.
Daniel Dhers thanked Robinson for “years of inspiration, mentoring, guidance and friendship.” Anthony Napolitan said Robinson was like a father to him.
“He was the most positive person I ever knew and he didn't deserve to be taken away so soon,” Napolitan said on Instagram.
Robinson, a native of East Providence, created the non-profit K-Rob Foundation in 2010 to improve the lives of children in his hometown and surrounding communities. He built the first free public skate park in East Providence, which had been a lifelong dream.
Robinson often visited schools and businesses to talk about perseverance. He would talk about how it took 11 X Games appearances and three bronze medals before he finally had his dream season in 2006, taking home two gold medals from X Games 12.
Robinson also created a protective clothing line for children participating in action sports, Grindz. He lived in Barrington with his wife and three children.
NEW YORK (WJHL/AP) – New York Police Department says it is responding to report of an explosion near Times Square. The explosion was reported at the Port Authority train station in New York City.
Police said the type of explosion is unknown at this time and it was unknown if there were any injuries.
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal
A law enforcement source told CBS News senior investigative producer Pat Milton police are looking at a possible suicide bomber but the situation is fluid.
People reported seeing the bomb squad responding and posted images of the scene on social media.
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal
It's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal.
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
There were no immediate reports of injuries.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
During Google's reveal of the Pixel 2 on October 4th, we spotted a new video call button appearing on the Phone's in-call screen. Tapping on it was meant to switch both members to a video call using Google Duo. Google later added details to support articles that implied this functionality was already live, but the button remained hidden through a few updates to Duo and a couple to the Phone app. That changes today as the video call button is now going live in Google's Phone app when you're calling a number registered with Duo.
Left: in-call screen. Center: starting video call. Right: recipient switched to Duo.
The switch to a Duo call is mostly seamless. After hitting the button, both ends of the call will launch the Duo app with the caller's video camera being automatically active with the Knock-Knock feature. There aren't any audio tones or clues that this is happening, so it's easy for the recipient to miss if they're not watching the screen. Just remember to say something if you're going to use this.
Once the video call is connected, it will automatically hang up the original phone call and continue on with Duo. In my quick tests, I didn't even notice any gap in the audio since the video call takes over instantly.
If the attempt to start a video call goes on for too long without a response from the recipient, it will time out and return to the in-call screen. Also, Duo requires that the phone be unlocked before it can switch to a video call. That means that a recipient may have to actually leave the in-call screen to reach the lockscreen and enter a PIN, pattern, or even just swipe to bypass it. Until that's done, the recipient only gets a subtle toast message that video calls can't start while the phone is locked, and the caller gets an unhelpful message that the other person is 'unavailable.' This should be fixed.
Switching to a video call in this way will leave two entries in your call log, one from the phone call and the other is from Duo.
The video call button doesn't appear to be tied to any specific versions of either Phone or Duo, so it was probably activated remotely and may not be available to all users yet. It worked for me when I called from my Pixel 2 with v14 of the Google Phone app and v24 of Duo. Naturally, the video call button isn't available to anybody that doesn't use Google's Phone app.
Image copyright Macleod family Image caption Alasdair Macleod was a well-known figure in the community of Applecross
A prawn fisherman who died in an accident last year did not have safety measures on his boat to help prevent him from falling overboard.
Alasdair Macleod, 57, was a third generation fisherman and a well-known figure in the community of Applecross.
His boat, Varuna, was spotted aground with its engine running on 20 November. His body was found three weeks later.
An investigation has found a door that could be closed after shooting creels and a safety tether were not used.
The Marine Accident Investigation Branch (MAIB) said Mr Macleod was not wearing buoyancy aids, such as a lifejacket, or an alarm to alert anyone once he had fallen overboard.
'Important role'
Mr Macleod was well known across the Highlands for his community work and contributions on Scottish fishing policy.
He was a director of the local Pier Users Association and Apple Juice (Applecross) Community Benefit Society, as well as a community council chairman. He was also a popular member of staff at the Applecross Inn.
Following his accident, pupils at Applecross Primary School made drawings as tributes to him.
Image copyright Macleod family Image caption Mr Macleod was a third generation fisherman
In its report on his accident, the MAIB said the University of Edinburgh history honours graduate played an "important role" in the community.
The report also said Mr Macleod had life-long "desire to follow his family tradition of fishing and he was reported as enjoying the hours he spent out on Varuna".
On the day of his accident, he had set out in the morning to his usual fishing grounds to catch prawns and crabs. He sold his catch locally.
Image copyright Macleod family Image caption Mr Macleod had a life-long love of the sea
Later, at about 14:15, a helicopter taking military submarine test range personnel from Kyle of Lochalsh to the range control facilities on the island of Rona flew over Saint Island.
A passenger on the helicopter spotted Mr Macleod's boat aground with its engine still running.
The alarm was raised and extensive searches involving the coastguard, RNLI and local fishing boat crews followed.
Three weeks after the accident Mr Macleod's body washed ashore in Staffin Bay on the Isle of Skye.
Perfectly spring-like weather to be expected this week, from the cool mornings and warm afternoons, right down to the April showers! Check out your full forecast right here!
Tuesday Forecast
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Cornish Lithium has an agreement with the firm behind the South Crofty mine for exploration
A project to explore for lithium in hot springs in Cornwall has received a £1m investment.
Global demand for lithium - used in batteries for mobile phones and cars - is expected to triple in the next decade.
One of the investors said Cornish Lithium could become a "very significant player" in the industry.
The money will be used to decide where to put the first drill holes.
More on the lithium story, and other news
CEO Jeremy Wrathall said the county is the only current known source in the UK and the company will use data to "prioritise the best locations for subsequent drilling and sampling".
"There is a lot of excitement in the technical world about this," he said. "We hope to be the domestic source of lithium for the UK."
Image caption Jeremy Wrathall says lithium production is at least five years away
He said the £1m investment would be enough for more than a year - but that production is at least five years away.
The investors are Peter Smedvig, founder of investment firm Smedvig Capital, Keith Liddell, a metallurgical engineer and former mining CEO, and Chris von Christierson, director and principal of mining firm Southern Prospecting.
Mr Liddell told Reuters he believed Cornish Lithium could become a "very significant player" in the lithium industry in Britain and Europe.
'Strategic importance'
High levels of lithium were indentified in the water in Cornish mines in the 19th Century, but there was no market for it at that time.
The government plans to ban new petrol and diesel cars from 2040, raising the prospect of a huge increase in demand for lithium.
In January, Cornish Lithium said it had reached a mineral rights agreement with Canada's Strongbow Exploration, which bought South Crofty tin mine on Pool in 1998.
Strongbow Exploration will get royalties from any lithium extracted by Cornish Lithium.
The metal would be extracted by drilling at least 400m (1,300ft) into rock and pumping out lithium-laden water.
Most lithium is produced in South America, Australia and China, but the UK government has earmarked it as a metal of strategic importance to the country.
The five sandwiches that helped me land my man Ask some couples to name a turning point in their relationship, and they might say their first date or the first time they went home for the holidays with each...
‘300 Sandwiches' blogger is finally engaged It didn't take him 300 sandwiches to put a ring on it. It took only 257! Three years ago, Page Six reporter Stephanie Smith met gadget genius Eric Schulte at...
257 sandwiches were enough for one man to pop the question “So when are you going to propose?” became a very frequent, increasingly headache-inducing inquiry. “I just don't know” was the honest reply, which coolly covered the overwhelming pressure of selecting...
'300 Sandwiches' chef Stephanie Smith gets her ring at No. 257 After Page Six senior reporter Stephanie Smith made her boyfriend, Eric Schulte, a turkey sandwich in June 2012, he joked, “Honey, you're 300 sandwiches away from an engagement ring!” She...
I am Mr. 300 Sandwiches - How should I propose? Allow me to introduce myself: I am Mr. 300 Sandwiches, the man behind the woman who started a blog wherein she makes — you guessed it — 300 sandwiches for...
‘300 Sandwiches' blogger cuts book deal “300 Sandwiches” is about to become a book. The Post's Page Six reporter Stephanie Smith is going to turn her humorous blog into a book after signing with Random House's...
Crazy things we do for love Since The Post's Stephanie Smith shared her 300 Sandwiches blog in Wednesday's paper — her project to coax a proposal out of her boyfriend with carefully crafted heroes and bánh...
It's a blog, not a 'wich hunt! I met a guy. I made a sandwich. I started a blog. And I enraged feminists everywhere. On Wednesday, I wrote in The Post about how my boyfriend Eric's joke...
TEHRAN, Iran — Iranian state TV says police have arrested a man who was hoarding two tons of gold coins in order to manipulate the market.
The Wednesday report quotes Tehran police chief Gen. Hossein Rahimi as saying the 58-year-old suspect had accomplices who helped him collect the coins over the past 10 months. He did not identify the suspect, whom state media referred to as the “Sultan of Coins.”
Two tons would be the equivalent of around 250,000 coins.
Iranians have stocked up on gold coins and other safe-haven investments as the local currency has plummeted in recent months. The Iranian rial has plunged to 90,000 to the dollar — double the government rate of 42,000.
About
Series of large icons that work as spot illustrations as well. All the pieces are related with business and financial concepts. Project based on … Read More
Series of large icons that work as spot illustrations as well. All the pieces are related with business and financial concepts. Project based on the BBVA Corporate Illustration Manual that I've developed years ago. Read Less
Published:
WASHINGTON: US pop star Lady Gaga Saturday announced she had canceled the last 10 shows of the European leg of her world tour due to “severe pain.”In a statement posted on Twitter, the Grammy award-winning singer told fans she was “devastated” but said the decision to cancel the dates on her Joanne World Tour — her fifth headlining tour — was “beyond her control.”“My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home,” she said.“I need to put myself and my well-being first,” she added.Shows affected include dates in London, Paris and Berlin, as well as Stockholm, Zurich and Copenhagen.Dates in Cologne, Germany and Manchester, England were also halted.It comes after the “Born This Way” singer canceled another show in Rio de Janeiro in September after being hospitalized, also due to severe pain.Lady Gaga, who shot to global fame in 2008 with her hit debut single “Just Dance,” has previously revealed she suffers from the chronic pain condition fibromyalgia.
The dual prospects of a Donald Trump presidency and further interest-rate increases lifted banks' shares in the closing weeks of 2016. This year will reveal whether a new economic order will actually emerge, and boost banks' businesses with it.
Continue Reading Below
The outcome is crucial for both broader markets and the nation's outlook for growth. Financial stocks are a big part of the S&P 500, and banks' ability and willingness to lend could prove critical to the business boom the Trump administration aims to generate.
So far, markets are upbeat on the possibilities, betting banks will benefit from higher rates, that other businesses can tolerate them and that less regulation and lower taxes will help the economy overall.
The S&P 500, which plummeted at the start of 2016, closed the year up 9.5%. Meanwhile, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 13%.
The jubilation is particularly apparent among financial stocks: Among S&P 500 sectors, financials were the second-best performer in 2016, up 20.1%.
The KBW Bank Index has risen about 22% since Election Day, hitting its highest level since 2009. That is a dramatic reversal for an index of large national and regional banks that had spent the first 10 months of the year below its year-prior levels and at some points hit multiyear lows.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
The gains reflect investor expectations for the broader economy since the firms' big revenue generators — lending, trading and capital-markets activity — are closely correlated to economic growth, interest rates and the steepness of the yield curve, or the difference between long- and short-term rates. The bigger the difference, the better it is for banks because they borrow short term and lend long term. Expectations for higher rates and a steeper yield curve have been rising since the election, while the Federal Reserve has echoed that by signaling three more interest-rate increases could be in store in 2017.
Another plus for banks: the idea that the Trump administration will usher a less onerous regulatory environment. Less regulation could allow banks to boost profits and capital returns to shareholders.
If there is a problem for bank-stock investors, it is that shares are priced at levels that suggest the future is already here. “While we're constructive on banks, the rapid rise has us nervous,” said Terry Gardner, a portfolio strategist at investment-management firm C.J. Lawrence.
And soaring share prices have pushed up some valuation measures sharply, in many cases beyond historical averages.
Shares of five of the six largest U.S. banks — J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., Bank of America Corp., Wells Fargo & Co., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Morgan Stanley — are trading at more than 13 times forward earnings estimates, compared with averages of between 10 and 12 times over the past 15 years, according to FactSet. Citigroup Inc. is the only laggard, trading at just shy of 12 times forward earnings, although that figure is still up sharply from less than 10 times before the election.
But valuations may appear lofty because many analysts haven't yet formally adjusted earnings forecasts in light of the election. If those climb, valuations will look more reasonable.
For example, a combination of accelerated share repurchases — a possibility if the Trump administration appoints less-stringent banking regulators — steeper yield curves, accelerated loan growth and more-robust trading and investment-banking revenue could push earnings per share for big banks up by 18% over analysts' pre-election estimates, according to Credit Suisse bank analysts.
And potential changes to corporate-tax rates could boost bank earnings further, even if some may take hits to tax assets on their books generated by prior losses. Sanford C. Bernstein bank analyst John McDonald recently estimated that cutting the corporate tax rate to 20% from the current 35% would raise Wells Fargo's earnings per share 18% above the firm's 2018 forecast. J.P. Morgan's earnings would rise by 13%, Bank of America's by 12% and Citigroup's by 10%.
Just how much benefit further regulatory changes could bring is less clear, although investors are betting they will do more good than harm.
As a candidate, Mr. Trump promised to roll back the Dodd-Frank Act, the postcrisis law that dramatically increased regulatory oversight of the U.S. financial system as a whole and banks in particular. In response, lenders have had to increase the amount and quality of their capital and available liquidity, revamp their trading operations, and extend the duration and stability of the debt they use to fund themselves.
Many observers have suggested that these changes are responsible in part for the low returns on equity banks have reported in recent years. Those low returns have depressed bank valuations.
But dramatic changes to the regulatory environment — including a possible repeal of Dodd-Frank itself — wouldn't immediately boost bank profitability. The changes banks have made to their operations and funding can't be instantly reversed, even if that were what banks wanted to do. And there are indications banks aren't looking for a complete reversal of regulatory direction.
“We don't need to tear up the rule book,” said Francesca Carlesi, head of regulatory affairs at Deutsche Bank. “We need time to digest the rules we have.”
Academic studies also suggest it can take banks several years to adjust to major shifts in regulation. In the short term, that could actually be a drain on earnings as banks may have to spend more to adjust compliance systems around new rules.
While banks have been the come-from-behind underdog stocks of 2016, little of their gains are due to anything the firms themselves have done. In 2017, their fates will also be largely decided by forces outside their control.
How 10 kickers came together to make embarrassing NFL history In Week 2 of the 1985 season, NFL kickers missed 10 extra-point attempts to set a league record. There was something in the air that day. The Chargers' Bob Thomas...
Adam Vinatieri: One of the most clutch athletes of all time What we are witnessing with Adam Vinatieri is Michael Jordan hitting the big shot at the end of the big game, Mariano Rivera in the ninth inning, the young Tiger...
Broncos lost star rusher and now Brock Osweiler could bolt, too The roster that defends the Broncos' Super Bowl victory this fall will look a lot different than the roster that won it — and not just because of Peyton Manning's...
Best moment in Super Bowl history didn't happen on the field The Super Bowl turns 50 this year, The Big Game hitting the Big Five-Oh. Here are the Post's 50 greatest Super Bowl moments till now: 50. Reid it and weep...
NFL kicking in crisis: Owners asked for this mess Can anyone in this league kick field goals? With just a handful of exceptions, kicker is a position firmly in crisis throughout the NFL after yet another blizzard of missed...
Only one Jones brother can prevail in Patriots, Colts matchup FOXBOROUGH, Mass. — Sunday's AFC Championship game will be a family affair for the Joneses — Patriots defensive end Chandler Jones and Colts defensive tackle Arthur Jones. “My mom and...
12 Super Bowl facts that will impress your friends The Super Bowl is more than just a game — it's an experience. It's a spectacle of sport, stars, music and food. It's the ultimate entertainment. Chances are you won't...
Trump, First Lady Host First Easter Egg Roll at White House
President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump welcomed crowds to the White House for Monday's Easter Egg Roll and participated in various activities on the South Lawn.
Atheist cries he's being 'assaulted' by Christmas banner EUGENE, Ore. — A man has threatened to sue city officials in Eugene, Oregon, because of a Christmas banner that he believes is a violation of the separation of church...
Atheists sue shelter for using Catholic priest to 'bless' animals Don't push your dogma on these pets! A group of atheists is suing a New Jersey animal shelter because it used a Catholic priest to “bless” cats and dogs, a...
Russian blogger convicted of playing ‘Pokémon Go' in church MOSCOW — A Russian blogger was convicted on Thursday of inciting religious hatred for playing “Pokémon Go” in a church, and given a suspended sentence. Ruslan Sokolovsky posted a video...
Prosecutors want prison for blogger who played 'Pokémon Go' in church MOSCOW — Russian prosecutors are demanding that a blogger spend 3½ years in prison for playing “Pokémon Go” in a church. The trial of Ruslan Sokolovsky wrapped up Friday in...
Man gets 'ATHE1ST' license plate after battle with state ELKHART, Ind. — A man who was initially denied an Indiana license plate reading “ATHE1ST” now has the personalized plate. The Indiana Bureau of Motor Vehicles denied Chris Bontrager's first...
A rabbi, priest and atheist get high and talk about life Sticking people of differing religious faiths in a room and letting them talk about their views on creation, existence, and the world at large can be a risky proposition. So,...
Atheist blogger facing prison for playing 'Pokémon Go' in church The trial of Ruslan Sokolovsky started Monday in the Urals city of Yekaterinburg in Russia. The well-known blogger is accused of inciting religious hatred for playing the popular video game...
Pope: It's better to be an atheist than... Pope Francis delivered another criticism of some members of his own Church on Thursday, suggesting it is better to be an atheist than one of “many” Catholics who he said...
'Atheist Muslims' could be the key to defeating Islamic terror I was raised in three Muslim majority countries — Libya, Saudi Arabia and Pakistan — and arrived in North America in my mid-20s. Two years after I settled in Canada,...
By getting all but locked out of a move to Las Vegas, the Oakland Raiders handed taxpayers in multiple cities a win after years of NFL stadium-financing losses.
In the run-up to Super Bowl 51, the Oakland Raiders watched the San Diego Chargers accept the Los Angeles Rams' offer to be a tenant in their new stadium in Inglewood, Calif. That closed the door on a potential Raiders move to Los Angeles, as the National Football League would only allow the Raiders to relocate if the Chargers stayed in San Diego. However, with a committee approving a $1.9 billion plan for a Las Vegas stadium, Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval pushing it along and the state legislature approving $750 million in hotel tax dollars to build it, the Raiders and owner Mark Davis weren't particularly worried.
Besides, they had Las Vegas Sands casino magnate and Las Vegas Review-Journal owner Sheldon Adelson in their corner pressing the issue. He rounded up Wynn Resorts WYNN, -1.30% CEO Steve Wynn, Caesars Entertainment's CZR, +0.00% Jan Jones, MGM Resorts' MGM, -1.75% Jim Murren and others to express their support for the stadium. They thought it would bring in the Raiders and a National Basketball Association team, and reel in more customers for their hotel rooms, sports books and casino floors.
Reinvesting tourism tax dollars into public works that will actually generate revenue for the city and state is a big win for taxpayers, especially with so many losses on the books throughout the country.
It didn't matter that 55% of Clark County, Nevada, residents would rather not spend $500 million on an NFL stadium. Or that only 35% think it's a good idea. Or that 60% of Nevada overall doesn't want any part of this plan. Adelson gave the stadium plan momentum, and gave Davis and the Raiders a whole lot of confidence.
In fact, Davis and company were so sure things were going to work out that he suggested the team pay only $1 a year in rent on the new facility and take total control of its revenue. This didn't sit well with Adelson, who clearly wanted a stake in the Raiders for his trouble and wondered how he'd recoup his investment and where stadium revenue would be funneled. Las Vegas reporter Jon Ralston, who's been covering the stadium deal in great detail for various outlets, explained in the Nevada Independent that Adelson felt that he'd been used for his political clout and withdrew his support for the project.
In an interesting display of unwarranted hubris, the Raiders seemed to believe that the deal's backers at Goldman Sachs GS, +1.30% would fund the project even without Adelson's help. That turned out to be a complete fiction, as Goldman Sachs pulled out of the stadium project with the explanation that its participation was contingent upon Adelson's involvement. While Davis has until March to scrape together another $650 million — and billionaires including Los Angeles developer Ed Roski and former Ultimate Fighting Championship owners Frank and Lorenzo Fertitta are out there as potential saviors — Las Vegas officials are already talking about diverting those $750 million in hotel taxes elsewhere.
The Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority (LVCVA) is already benefitting from the deal. It received extra room-tax revenue to fund convention-center expansion in the same package that provided public funds for the Raiders' stadium. That $1.4 billion expansion is already under way.
The University of Nevada-Las Vegas, which had hoped to share a stadium with the Raiders, can still use $300 million in public funding to build a new 40,000-seat stadium. It only has to wait for an official “no” from the Raiders and other NFL teams by mid-2018 and raise $200 million in private funds — an enormous amount for an athletics program that took in $10.8 million last year.
Improving tourism infrastructure and funding facilities at a public university are perhaps the most ideal uses of tourist tax dollars that an international tourist destination like Las Vegas can hope for. A city that draws visitors on its own merit and received a free arena and National Hockey League team last year shouldn't have to funnel any tax revenue directly into the pocket of a sports league or a franchise owner. That's especially true when that city's unemployment remains higher than the national average and one in every four of its houses currently has a mortgage exceeding the value of the house (according to RealtyTrac). And Nevada has a $400 million state budget deficit that imperils education spending, which even the Nevada legislature says could be covered by hotel tax dollars.
Reinvesting tourism tax dollars into public works that will actually generate revenue for the city and state is a big win for taxpayers, especially with so many losses on the books throughout the country. The list of upcoming Super Bowl hosts is a reminder of the terrible deals other NFL cities have received. Minneapolis and the state of Minnesota, which host the 2018 Super Bowl, stuck taxpayers with $500 million of the $1.1 billion cost of U.S. Bank stadium in one of the worst stadium financing deals in recent history. Not only has the NFL already diverted almost all Super Bowl revenue out of local hands, but stadium manager SMG, concessionaire Aramark ARMK, +0.99% and the Minnesota Sports Facilities Authority (MSFA) were already letting friends and family use high-priced stadium suites for free under the guise of promoting the facility.
When Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta opens later this year, the new home of the Super Bowl runner-up Atlanta Falcons will have fewer than two years to prepare to host a Super Bowl of its own in 2019. It will also have soaked up more than $700 million in Atlanta hotel tax dollars (once bond interest comes due), displaced two churches and six other properties (using the threat of eminent domain to force owners to sell) and picking up more of the cost than Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank did.
The Los Angeles Rams and Chargers' new stadium in Inglewood is already slated to host a Super Bowl in 2021. While the stadium itself is being privately funded, Rams owner Stan Kroenke and the Chargers' Spanos family of owners sought a combined sum of nearly $2 billion from St. Louis and San Diego before taking their teams to Los Angeles. In St. Louis, Kroenke wriggled his way out of town after threatening the city with an “expected facility standard” similar to one that the Raiders included as a potential out clause in their Las Vegas stadium deal. San Diego, which is now being floated as a potential Raiders landing site, told the Spanos family repeatedly that it had no intention of putting so much as a nickel's worth of public money into building a new stadium.
In fact, the only taxpayers who didn't have to part with public money for a Super Bowl were those in 2020 host city Miami ... and only because they've already paid a hefty price for stadium funding. When the owners of baseball's Florida Marlins were unhappy with their home at the Dolphins' stadium, they leaned on the city to give them $634 million in tax dollars to build Marlins Park in 2012. The Miami Marlins' new park cost the mayor his job and will eventually cost the city $2.4 billion with bond interest. However, they also cost Dolphins owner Stephen Ross public money for his own stadium improvements. Instead, he courted investors, raised $450 million in private funds and upgraded the newly named Hard Rock Stadium with a giant canopy to shade 92% of attendees from brutal early-season Miami sun, installing video boards, moving in the sideline seats and building “living room”-style boxes with televisions and plush furniture.
There are still those in Las Vegas who'd like to extend the Raiders an even bigger handout than taxpayers initially offered, but there are others who see their setbacks in Vegas as an argument to take tax dollars out of the equation entirely. Former Raider Ronnie Lott has put a group of investors together and pitched a plan to keep the Raiders in Oakland without using tax dollars.
Meanwhile, the city of Santa Clara, the San Francisco 49ers and the NFL are still open to the idea of the Raiders sharing Levi's Stadium. That move would pay down debt on that stadium, generate more revenue for the Raiders and prevent Davis from having to pay a $650 million relocation fee on top of the cost of a new stadium. The two-team solution worked for MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, N.J. The New York Jets and Giants split the cost of the facility, taxpayers weren't stuck with the bill and the building got a cold-weather Super Bowl in 2014.
When NFL franchises start covering the costs of their own facilities and free local tax dollars to pay for infrastructure and services that actually benefit the community, it's a win for everyone involved. It's really easy to lose the NFL stadium finance game, but here's hoping Las Vegas, Oakland and other cities now see the clear path to victory.
Jason Notte is a freelance writer based in Portland, Ore. His writing has appeared in The New York Times, The Huffington Post and Esquire. Follow him on Twitter @Notteham.
Follow @insidefutbol
Pierre-Michel Lasogga is closing in on a move to Leeds United from Hamburg.
The Whites want to sign the striker from the Bundesliga club on a season-long loan deal as they bid to beef up their attacking options.
They are close to doing the deal, according to German broadcaster Welt/N24, with Lasogga closing in on a switch to Elland Road.
Lasogga currently takes home €3.4m per year at Hamburg and it is claimed that the Bundesliga side will shoulder part of his salary during his time in England.
Leeds are also expected to include a purchase option in the loan agreement, in the event Lasogga impresses at Elland Road over the course of the campaign.
CHICAGO — The absence of their best everyday player barely registered for the Dodgers in the NLCS.
But Corey Seager's back has improved in recent days, according to manager Dave Roberts, and the All-Star shortstop is expected to rejoin the team for the World Series, giving the Dodgers another weapon in a loaded lineup that easily handled the Cubs over five games.
Seager sprained a muscle in his back during the NLDS against the Diamondbacks, prompting the Dodgers to exclude him from the roster for this round. But Seager has been working out in Los Angeles in recent days, Roberts said, and should be ready for the World Series.
“I know Corey was at home and watching every single pitch and exchanging text messages with myself and the players and rooting us on,” Roberts said after the Dodgers' 11-1 victory that clinched the NL pennant Thursday. “He's doing everything he can to get healthy. We expect him back for Game 1.”
His return to the lineup would add one further consideration for Yankees pitchers should a New York-Los Angeles matchup come to fruition in the World Series. The Dodgers barely missed a beat in the NLCS, with Justin Turner, Yasiel Puig, Chris Taylor and Cody Bellinger leading this high-powered offense.
But the Dodgers did not lead the major leagues with 104 victories in the regular season by relying on only one — or even just a few — players.
“[Clayton] Kershaw went down, Corey went down, J.T. went down, [Bellinger] went down,” closer Kenley Jansen said. “[Adrian Gonzalez] was down the whole year. We don't let that stuff bother us. That's what is special about this team. Whoever went down, we just try to pick them up.”
Seager, the NL Rookie of the Year in 2016, posted a .295/.375/.479 slash line with 22 homers and 77 RBIs during the regular season.
Charlie Culberson, who shared time at shortstop with Taylor in Seager's absence, went 5-for-11 (.455) in the NLCS.
“Obviously when you have a guy like Charlie Culberson that can fill in like that, made some spectacular defensive plays, some big hits, it was great to see from Charlie,” Roberts said. “But obviously we're hoping to get Corey back for the World Series.”
Taylor is primarily an outfielder, but the Dodgers have been comfortable with him at shortstop.
“I think the biggest thing is just getting your reps in BP,” Taylor said. “I try to take ground balls every day, because that is something you can lose real quick. Any infielder will tell you.
“The outfield, I think I have learned that just as I go, just from game reps. A lot of it is the mentality. You just have to have confidence when you are out there and act like you play there every day.”
GLASGOW, Scotland (AP) — Mark Warburton has asked Rangers to explain why it said he resigned as manager of the Glasgow club.
Rangers announced last week that it had accepted the resignation of Warburton and two of his backroom staff, but they say "at no stage did we resign from our positions."
They added in a statement that "despite its detailed public statements, the club has not answered key questions put to it by the LMA (League Managers Association) ... requesting an explanation of why it suggested that we resigned."
Rangers are third in the Scottish league — 27 points behind leader Celtic — in its first season back in the top division after being forced to start again in the bottom tier in 2012 after a financial meltdown.
Emergency services are at the scene after a car overturned on a slip road off the A483.
Police and ambulance were called to the one-vehicle smash on the slip-road near Ruabon shortly before 11.10am.
It is not yet known whether anyone has been injured in the crash.
A Welsh Ambulance Service spokesman said: “We were called at shortly before 11.10am this morning to reports of a single-vehicle road traffic collision on the slip road off the A483 near Ruabon.
”A crew in an emergency ambulance and a BASICS doctor are currently at the scene.”
An eyewitness told the Leader: “I've just driven past the A539 turn off on the A483 and police were blocking it off. An ambulance was on the scene and it looked like a car had turned onto its roof.”
NEW YORK (AP) - The Chicago Cubs have drafted Chris Singleton, whose mother was among those killed two years ago during the shooting inside a South Carolina church.
Singleton was selected Wednesday by the defending World Series champions with the final pick of the 19th round, No. 585 overall. He is a right-handed-hitting center fielder at Charleston Southern University.
The outfielder's mother, Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, was one of nine people killed by Dylann Roof on June 17, 2015, during a Wednesday night Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in downtown Charleston, South Carolina, one of the South's first African-American churches.
Coleman-Singleton, who was 45, was a track coach at Goose Creek High School.
In a news release detailing the amateur draft, Major League Baseball says Chris Singleton was honored by the New York Yankees during the team's annual HOPE Week in 2015, "following his courageous response to the tragic shooting inside a Charleston, South Carolina church that claimed the life of his mother."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Wonder Woman. (Foto: Hollywood Reporter)
LOS ANGELES – Gelaran Teen Choice Awards ke-19 akhirnya dihelat pada Minggu 13 Agustus 2017. Bertempat di Los Angeles, California, Amerika, penghargaan diberikan kepada insan-insan terbaik perfilman, pertelevisian, dan musik.
Riverdale menjadi pemenang terbanyak kategori TV. Serial yang dibintangi oleh Camila Mendes dan Lili Reinhart ini membawa pulang tujuh piala dari Teen Choice Awards 2017, termasuk kategori bergengsi Drama TV Show dan Breakout TV Show.
BACA JUGA: Menang di Teen Choice Awards 2017, Fans BTS Malah Kecewa
Sementara dari kategori film, Wonder Woman menjadi yang paling sukses. Film yang disutradarai Patty Jenkins ini mengamankan tiga trofi masing-masing untuk Action Movie, Action Movie Actor, dan Action Movie Actress.
BACA JUGA: Dwayne Johnson Masuk Tiga Nominasi Teen Choice Awards 2017
Wonder Woman bukan menjadi satu-satunya film superhero yang berjaya di Teen Choice Awards 2017. Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 juga meraih sukses setelah dinobatkan sebagai yang terbaik di Sci-Fi Movie, Sci-Fi Movie Actor, dan Sci-Fi Movie Actress.
Berikut adalah daftar lengkap pemenang Teen Choice Awards 2017 seperti dilansir dari Entertainment Weekly, Senin (14/8/2017):
Choice Action Movie
“Wonder Woman”
Choice Action Movie Actor
Chris Pine – “Wonder Woman”
Choice Action Movie Actress
Gal Gadot – “Wonder Woman”
Choice Sci-Fi Movie
“Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2”
Choice Sci-Fi Movie Actor
Chris Pratt – “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2”
Choice Sci-Fi Movie Actress
Zoe Saldana – “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2”
Choice Fantasy Movie
“Beauty and the Beast”
Choice Fantasy Movie Actor
Dwayne Johnson – “Moana”
Choice Fantasy Movie Actress
Emma Watson – “Beauty and the Beast”
Choice Drama Movie
“Everything, Everything”
Choice Drama Movie Actor
Kian Lawley – “Before I Fall”
Choice Drama Movie Actress
Emma Watson – “The Circle”
Choice Comedy Movie
“Finding Dory”
Choice Comedy Movie Actor
Zac Efron – “Baywatch”
Choice Comedy Movie Actress
Ellen DeGeneres – “Finding Dory”
Choice Summer Movie
“Spider-Man: Homecoming
Choice Summer Movie Actor
Tom Holland – “Spider-Man: Homecoming”
Choice Summer Movie Actress
Zendaya – “Spider-Man: Homecoming”
Choice Movie Villain
Luke Evans – “Beauty and the Beast”
Choice Breakout Movie Star
Auli'i Cravalho – “Moana”
Choice MovieShip
Emma Watson & Dan Stevens – “Beauty and the Beast”
TELEVISION
Choice Drama TV Show
“Riverdale”
Choice Drama TV Actor
Cole Sprouse – “Riverdale”
Choice Drama TV Actress
Lucy Hale – “Pretty Little Liars”
Choice Sci-Fi/Fantasy TV Show
“The Vampire Diaries”
Choice Sci-Fi/Fantasy TV Actor
Dylan O'Brien – “Teen Wolf”
Choice Sci-Fi/Fantasy TV Actress
Kat Graham – “The Vampire Diaries”
Choice Action TV Show
“The Flash”
Choice Action TV Actor
Grant Gustin – “The Flash”
Choice Action TV Actress
Melissa Benoist – “Supergirl”
Choice Comedy TV Show
“Fuller House”
Choice Comedy TV Actor
Jean-Luc Bilodeau – “Baby Daddy”
Choice Comedy TV Actress
Candace Cameron Bure – “Fuller House”
Choice Animated TV Show
“Family Guy”
Choice Reality TV Show
“The Voice”
Choice Throwback TV Show
“One Tree Hill”
Choice TV Personality
Ellen DeGeneres – “The Ellen DeGeneres Show”
Choice Summer TV Show
“Teen Wolf”
Choice Summer TV Actor
Tyler Posey – “Teen Wolf”
Choice Summer TV Actress
Holland Roden – “Teen Wolf”
Choice TV Villain
Janel Parrish – “Pretty Little Liars”
Choice Breakout TV Show
“Riverdale”
Choice Breakout TV Star
Lili Reinhart – “Riverdale”
Choice TVShip
#BUGHEAD (Lili Reinhart & Cole Sprouse) – “Riverdale”
MUSIC
Choice Male Artist
Harry Styles
Choice Female Artist
Ariana Grande
Choice Music Group
Fifth Harmony
Choice Country Artist
Carrie Underwood
Choice Electronic/Dance Artist
Calvin Harris
Choice Latin Artist
CNCO
Choice R&B/Hip-Hop Artist
Beyoncé
Choice Rock Artist
Harry Styles
Choice Song: Female Artist
Camila Cabello – “Crying in the Club”
Choice Song: Male Artist
Niall Horan – “Slow Hands”
Choice Song: Group
Fifth Harmony (feat. Gucci Mane) – “Down”
Choice Collaboration
Steve Aoki & Louis Tomlinson – “Just Hold On”
Choice Summer Song
“Despacito” – Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee (feat. Justin Bieber)
Choice Summer Female Artist
Camila Cabello
Choice Summer Male Artist
Shawn Mendes
Choice Summer Group
Fifth Harmony
Choice Summer Tour
Ariana Grande – Dangerous Woman Tour
DIGITAL
Choice Female Web Star
Liza Koshy
Choice Male Web Star
Logan Paul
Choice Comedy Web Star
Logan Paul
Choice Music Web Star
Jake Paul
Choice Fashion/Beauty Web Star
NikkieTutorials
Choice Gamer
Ryan Ohmwrecker – ohmwrecker
Choice Twit
Ellen DeGeneres
Choice Instagrammer
Selena Gomez
Choice Snapchatter
Ariana Grand
Choice YouTuber
Jake Paul
Choice Muser
Baby Ariel
MUSIC
Choice Pop Song
“Shape of You” – Ed Sheeran
Choice Country Song
“Body Like a Back Road” – Sam Hunt
Choice Electronic/Dance Song
“Know No Better” – Major Lazer (feat. Travis Scott, Camila Cabello & Quavo)
Choice Latin Song
“Despacito” – Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee (feat. Justin Bieber)
Choice R&B/Hip-Hop Song
“I'm The One” – DJ Khaled (feat. Justin Bieber, Quavo, Chance the Rapper & Lil Wayne)
Choice Rock/Alternative Song
“Believer” – Imagine Dragons
Choice Breakout Artist
Chance the Rapper
Choice Next Big Thing
Grace VanderWaal
OTHER
Choice Comedian
The Dolan Twins
Choice Male Athlete
Stephen Curry
Choice Female Athlete
Simone Biles
Choice Liplock
Dan Stevens & Emma Watson – “Beauty and the Beast”
Choice Hissy Fit
Madelaine Petsch – “Riverdale”
Choice Scene Stealer
Camila Mendes – “Riverdale”
Choice Style Icon
Harry Styles
Choice Female Hottie
Camila Cabello
Choice Male Hottie
Shawn Mendes
Choice Changemaker
Ariana Grande
Choice Videogame
Overwatch
Choice Dancer
Maddie Ziegler
Choice Model
Kendall Jenner
Choice Fandom
Fifth Harmony
Choice International Artist
BTS
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
It is so great to be just a decade or so away from the “30 for 30” that is going to provide the ultimate autopsy on the Nationals of this...
Airmash is an intense aircraft battle .io game that you can play in your web browser. The beauty is that it can be played on your phone or tablet in fullscreen with perfectly functioning touchscreen controls, all through your mobile browser. Seriously, once you start playing this game, you wouldn't even know that it's an HTML5 browser-based affair and not an app installed from the Play Store.
Just like the majority of .io games out there, you will be competing in Airmash with other online players in order to see who can earn the most points. You earn these points by destroying any and all players that are unlucky enough to cross your flight path. Of course, you will most likely die a lot too, as everyone you see will be gunning for you as well.
What is nice is that there are a few optional aircraft to choose from, ranging from airplanes such as the Predator, Goliath, Tornado, and Prowler. There is also a helicopter in the mix that goes by the name Mowhawk. Each aircraft has its own unique maneuverability, speed, weaponry, and special ability. One craft may have a boost ability, while another may have a cloaking ability. These unique powers will only work for a limited amount of time, which can easily be gauged by looking at the blue curved line to the right of your aircraft. So make sure to use your powers wisely, as you can quickly run out with repeated use. Luckily these powerups recharge when they are not being uses, so you can quietly back away from a fight to regain your charge. Then it's back off to the races.
When you destroy any random player's aircraft, you will start to notice little +1 symbols dropping on the map. Make sure to pick these up as they will be used to upgrade your speed, defense, energy regeneration, and missile speed. You also need to make sure which aircraft you have selected when choosing these upgrades, as they are tied to that individual plane or helicopter.
Oh, and if Airmash's features didn't appear to be broad enough, there are actually two different play modes included. You can switch between them whenever you feel like it. The first is your standard free for all, which as the name would imply means it's every man, woman, and child for themselves. The second mode plays out more like a battle royale scenario. The last man standing will be the winner here. Sadly there are not many players in this section, well, at least not in my region.
So there you have it. Airmash is a fantastic little .io game that you can freely play on any Android device thanks to the developer Five Sigmas making a responsive aircraft battle .io game that has some pretty wonderful touchscreen controls built right in. The best part, of course, is that this is all offered for free online through a web page. So what are you waiting for? Hit the link below and start playing!
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Penrith Panthers have confirmed the release of Samisoni Langi in order for him to take up a deal with a Super League club.
The Tonga international, 24, joined the Panthers this year following a spell with North Sydney Bears in the New South Wales Cup.
A versatile player, Langi can play in several positions, namely in the back-row or centre.
His NRL career started with Sydney Roosters where he made three appearances between 2013 and 2014, although he failed to make a single appearance for the Panthers.
Facebook Messenger now has a whopping 1.2 billion users, putting it on par with the social network's other messaging app, WhatsApp.
It's a huge milestone for an app that many were hesitant to download when it was released in 2014, citing concerns that they could be spied on through the app at any time. (Facebook's permissions, of course, don't allow for this.)
Thankfully, for Facebook, that all blew over and now a sizable chunk of the world's 7 billion people are now on board and actively using Messenger.
Facebook Messenger now has a whopping 1.2 billion users. Dominic Lipinski / PA Wire - PA Images via AP
Related: Facebook Just Rolled Out Its Fake News Tool
"I keep on hearing powerful stories about how our product is becoming a more important part of your daily lives," David Marcus, head of messaging at Facebook, said in a post. "So from all of us here at Messenger, a heartfelt thank you to all of you for giving us a chance to build something good and more meaningful for you."
And if you need one more reminder of just how big of a deal this is for Facebook, Messenger now has twice as many users as Instagram.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace boss Roy Hodgson has confirmed that the Eagles will sign Getafe goalkeeper Vicente Guaita this summer.
The Eagles have been heavily linked with a move for the Spaniard in the January transfer window, but were unable to agree a fee with Getafe to complete the move before the deadline.
However, Hodgson has today (Friday) revealed that the Eagles will sign the player in July, having signed a pre-contract agreement, with Guaita's contract with the La Liga side expiring at the end of the season.
Hodgson said: "We have signed a pre-contract with Vicente Guaita so he will join us on July 1.
"We would have liked of course to have tried to persuade the club for us to sign him in January, but they didn't want to do that, which is their right because his contract with them does not run out until the summer.
"It is good news that we will have him from July 1 and he will boost our goalkeeping contingent in the way that I was hoping it would be boosted."
In the wake of Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) supplier Imagination Technologies‘ (NASDAQOTH: IGNMF) disastrous disclosure that the former will dump the latter's technologies from its future A-series applications processors (Imagination relies on Apple for slightly more than half of its revenue), as well as the rumors that Apple could be working to dump Dialog Semiconductor (NASDAQOTH: DLGNF) from future iPhones as well (Dialog depends on Apple for nearly three-quarters of its revenue), it's worth asking a simple question: Is being an Apple supplier a blessing or a curse?
Continue Reading Below
The upside to being an Apple supplier
The benefit of being an Apple supplier is that it orders a lot of components. For a large company, Apple business can serve as a nice boost, and for a small company, it can be a truly game-changing event.
Image source: Apple.
Indeed, for those small companies that win the “Apple lottery,” the dramatically increased revenue not only leads to a significant improvement in the company's financial condition (boosting the stock price, perhaps substantially), but it can do so much more than that over the long term.The increased revenue can give a newly minted supplier the ability to invest more aggressively in future products, which not only helps it maintain its position with Apple but also gives it the ability to expand its portfolio of products and court additional customers.
In other words, it can trigger a positive feedback loop that, over the long term, can be phenomenally transformative. An example of a company that did this well is semiconductor intellectual property vendor ARM Holdings, whichinvested heavily in widening its portfolio of products — offering a wide range of processor cores to target the entire range of smartphones, building out a serious mobile graphics licensing business, and even trying to push into new areas such as servers, networking, and more.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
However, it's not always sunshine and rainbows.
The real risk of Apple dependence
Some suppliers that see their fortunes turn dramatically for the better after scoring deals with Apple fail to diversify or expand their businesses and clientele. This is sometimes due to the fundamental market dynamics and opportunities making it difficult to grow beyond Apple; other times, it can be due to complacency.
Take, for example, the case of Imagination Technologies. This company tried quite hard to expand beyond Apple. It entered the CPU core licensing business with its acquisition of MIPS Technologies, it has gotten in the low power communications IP business with its Ensigma technology, and it has even tried to expand its customer base with its PowerVR graphics.These efforts, however, ultimately didn't even work.
Now that Apple intends to cut Imagination out of its future chip designs, it is faced with the serious risk that within the next few years, its Apple-related revenue (a bit more than half of total revenue) will quickly evaporate. Even with Apple's business, Imagination found it difficult to achieve sustainable profitability — without it, I can't see how it can sustain current operations.
Indeed, the risk with having such a high dependence on Apple is that a company's operating expenses naturally expand commensurate with current and expected future revenue levels. If those expected revenue levels come way down, then it can be tremendously difficult — if not downright impossible — to remain on its current course (or even remain in business).
What to look for when investing in Apple suppliers
I'm not trying to discourage investors from necessarily investing in Apple suppliers, or even ones with very high Apple concentration — some of them are superb businesses that aren't at significant risk of losing Apple's business in the near to medium term.
What I do want to encourage investors to be, though, is selective. Try to pick suppliers that Apple can't easily design out of its phones (for example, those with rare, highly specialized technologies), as well as suppliers for which vertical integration on Apple's part wouldn't make much sense.
By no means is picking such suppliers easy — it can be phenomenally difficult, actually — and even ones that don't appear to be at high risk can still get bad news from Apple.
10 stocks we like better than Apple
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Apple wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Come March 4, Kobe Bryant could be a five-time NBA champion, the fourth-highest-scoring NBA player AND an Oscar winner – but at least some 16,000 petitioners apparently only see him as a “known rapist.”
Related: Ice Cube On Why Kobe Bryant Is Better Than LeBron James
Some seventeen years after the onetime Los Angeles Laker was charged with sexual assault and false imprisonment (which after admitting to committing adultery, and the alleged victim refused to cooperate, the case was dismissed) the aforementioned thousands are asking the Academy Of Motion Picture Arts And Sciences to rescind Bryant's nomination.
The best animated short contender, “Dear Basketball,” is based on a letter Bryant wrote as he retired from the sport in 2016. Bryant is the film's co-producer. (See it HERE).
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed ISIS claims responsibility; injured American describes NYE Istanbul attack 3:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
ISTANBUL — An American shot during the Istanbul nightclub rampage told NBC News he survived the ordeal by playing dead, remaining silent and motionless even after the gunman shot him.
Jake Raak is taken to hospital early Sunday. APTN
Jake Raak was one of around 60 people injured during a rampage in and around the Reina nightclub early on New Year's Day. Some 39 people were killed in the incident — most of them foreigners.
The 35-year-old from Greenville, Delaware, recalled that as gunman moved through the club spraying bullets, he targeted people who were lying on the floor.
"When he shot me I didn't move — I just let him shoot me," he said. "I was shot when I was already on the ground. He was shooting people that he had already shot."
ISIS claimed responsibility for the shooting on Monday, identifying the attacker as "a heroic soldier of the caliphate." It said the attack had been carried out "and in response to a call" from its leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, although it did not say whether it directed or merely inspired the perpetrator.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Cameras Catch Istanbul Nightclub Gunman Entering Building 0:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The gunman fired some 120 rounds during his rampage in and around the nightclub at about 1:30 a.m. on Sunday (5:30 p.m. ET Saturday), police told NBC News. The incident lasted less than 10 minutes.
Raak was shot in the hip and the bullet traveled to his knee. He added that he didn't move or make a sound even after he was hit, fearful that the gunman might realize he was alive.
"You just have to stay as calm as you can," he said. "I took a bullet."
Jake Raak NBC News
Raak was with a group of nine people, he said, seven of whom were shot.
Raak said he came within inches of the shooter, who walked along a bench that he was lying underneath.
"I saw him coming and he shot us all," he said. "Somebody said there were shots fired and I initially did not believe it until I saw the gunman and he started shooting up the whole place."
He added: "I was probably the luckiest person in the whole thing."
Authorities were Monday engaged in an international manhunt for the suspect, who fled the scene after the shooting.
A photo of the Istanbul nightclub shooting suspect released by Turkish police on Monday. Istanbul police
Police in Istanbul released Monday what they said was an image of the suspect taken from security footage.
"Efforts to find the terrorist are continuing," Turkish Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu told reporters Sunday. "God willing, he will be caught in a short period of time. This was a massacre, a truly inhuman savagery."
Twenty-eight of the dead were foreigners, Turkish Health Ministry officials said.
Canadian, Iraqi, Saudi, Indian, Lebanese, Tunisian, Kuwaiti and Syrian citizens are among the dead.
Image copyright PA
FirstGroup chief executive Tim O'Toole has stepped down with "immediate effect", after the bus and train operator reported a huge full-year loss.
The company, which owns Great Western Railway, said it lost £327m in the year to 31 March, compared with a profit of £152.6m last year.
The group's chairman said the results "fell short of our ambitions".
FirstGroup shares are down by about 12% following the announcements.
Mr O'Toole said: "The time is right for me to step aside. Today's results clear the way for the new approach sought by our chairman and the board."
Mr O'Toole, who had been with the company for eight years, has been replaced by Wolfhart Hauser, who becomes executive chairman, and Matthew Gregory, who becomes interim chief operating officer as well as chief financial officer.
Mr Hausser said: "This year's results fell short of our ambitions - we are disappointed that we did not make the further progress we intended based on the trends we saw at the end of the previous financial year."
FirstGroup's board was examining "all appropriate means to mobilise the considerable value inherent in the group", said Mr Hauser.
Apart from Great Western Railway, the group also runs South Western Railway, the Heathrow Airport Connect service and First Bus, as well as the Greyhound bus business in the US.
Greyhound's business model and prospects are now under review, Mr Hauser added.
Earlier this year, FirstGroup rejected a takeover offer from a US private equity firm Apollo Management, an approach which came after it warned of trading weakness due to strong competition in the US.
FirstGroup has also been targeted by Canadian activist investor West Face Capital, which disclosed a 5% stake in the business last June.
VIRGINIA BEACH, Va. — Televangelist Pat Robertson is recovering after suffering an embolic stroke.
In an online news release, The Christian Broadcasting Network, which Robertson founded, says he was rushed to the nearest stroke centre Friday after a family member recognized the onset of symptoms.
The release says that within minutes of receiving clot-busting drugs, Robertson was awake, responsive and able to move all his limbs.
The Virginia-based network says 87-year-old Robertson is alert and expected to make a full recovery.
In addition to founding The Christian Broadcasting Network, Robertson hosts its flagship show “The 700 Club.”
Image copyright The Debrief Image caption Launched in 2014, The Debrief aimed to reflect contemporary issues facing young women
Digital media brand The Debrief has announced it is facing closure.
In a statement, the website said it could not "see a viable future", despite its recent success at the British Media Awards.
Launched in 2014, The Debrief aimed to reflect the contemporary issues facing young women.
The statement added many of its writers would now likely contribute to sister publication, Grazia.
"The Debrief was borne from the realisation that there was nowhere online that was talking to young women about the topics they cared about the most in a way they could relate to," it said.
Speaking to The Guardian when the website launched, its co-founder Lauren Holleyoake defined The Debrief's demographic as "constantly connected, influential, 20-something women".
During its four-year run, the website has conducted numerous investigations, including Mad About The Pill - launched in conjunction with BBC Women's Hour - which explored the link between hormone contraceptives and mental health.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Listen to Vicky Spratt on Woman's Hour
It also helped to enforce a ban on letting agency fees through its Make Renting Fair campaign.
The recipient of numerous awards, the website came third in the digital product of the year category at last year's British Media Awards.
Reacting on social media, many readers said they were "heartbroken" at the closure.
Skip Twitter post by @jimwaterson The Debrief, which did some really good stuff, is being closed by Bauer (who also own Grazia/Closer) because they "cannot see a viable future for this brand". Was originally launched in 2014 as their big punt to win younger online audience. https://t.co/00iTfUnyBx — Jim Waterson (@jimwaterson) April 24, 2018 Report
Skip Twitter post by @misszing I wrote for the Debrief when it first launched and I'm gutted by this news. It gave so many young women their first break in media and was full of talented journalists doing great work https://t.co/Ni826ujZLp — Zing Tsjeng (@misszing) April 24, 2018 Report
Skip Twitter post by @jess_denham Sad to hear that The Debrief is closing. Their #MadAboutThePill investigation into the mental health effects of the pill raised awareness of an issue I and many other women care deeply about - and it was one of many awesome and important campaigns. https://t.co/XtjHXEsVML — Jess Denham (@jess_denham) April 24, 2018 Report
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Apple on Monday confirmed it had reached a deal to acquire Shazam Entertainment, the UK-based app that lets users identify songs by pointing a smart phone at the audio source.
Apple did not give a price for the acquisition. Technology news website TechCrunch reported the deal on Friday with a price of as much as $400 million, far short of the most recent $1 billion valuation for privately held Shazam.
Apple said Shazam would be a “natural fit” with its Apple Music streaming service and it would help users discover new songs. Apple Music has 27 million users and competes against Spotify, which has 60 million users. Apple said Shazam's team would be joining the Cupertino company.
In a statement, Apple spokesman Tom Neumayr said Shazam “is used by hundreds of millions of people around the world, across multiple platforms. … We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today's agreement.”
Apple did not elaborate on its plans, but the company will not be able to make any major changes to Shazam until it secures regulatory approval.
Shazam is also available on Android-based devices, but Apple did not say whether it would keep the Android version available. Shazam ended support for a version of its software that runs on Microsoft Corp's Windows PCs earlier this year.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
2:22 Levine Museum exhibit seeks understanding of protests
1:54 Wind farm projects changing landscape in eastern North Carolina
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
From Tim Moran
The 2017 Capitol Renegade United Racing Club came to its official close on Saturday night at the 2017 Banquet.
The top 10 were honored with their point fund checks and picture plaques along with the announcing of Chris Allen as the 2017 Rookie of the Year and Phil Meisner Jr. as the 2017 Mechanic of the Year.
President Rick Weller updated those in attendance on some URC happenings, most notably the appointment of Ryan Stillwaggon and Chris Allen to the URC Board along with the continued service of Dave Betts. President Weller also reported that URC Photographer and PR Tim Moran will be stepping away from the club as PR along with the full time Photography duties. Although Moran will be an occasional visitor at the track, the club is still looking for a fulltime photographer. The daily PR will be handled by Jenna Schostkewitz, who is interning this summer with the Club.
With the well publicized dispute over the URC Perpetual Cup, the United Racing Club rang in a new era with a new cup. This cup displayed the 70+ names (URC has two ties in their 70 year history) of the past champions and leaves room for another 30 more to guarantee the historic tradition of handing down the cup from Champion to Champion.
With 2018 not too far away, look for the Club to be a part of the PPB Motorsports Racecar and Trade show the weekend of January 19, 20 and 21. The Club will have a publicized schedule at the show.
Twenty-nine New York colleges and other higher ed institutions are not complying with the state law aimed at stopping sexual assaults on campus, according to a new audit.
Among those on the non-compliant list are Brooklyn College, the CUNY Graduate from Center, Lehman College and Queensborough Community College, all part of the city University system.
The list also includes the New York Theological Seminary and the Salvation Army School for Officer Training.
Under the law approved in 2015, all colleges must have “affirmative consent” policies — meaning a student must give or receive verbal consent before having sex with a partner.
The law, among other things, requires that colleges publish a Student Bill of Rights advising them of their right to confidentially report sex crimes, including to the police. The schools must also have an amnesty policy, exempting a suspected sex assault victim from campus drug and alcohol policies when reporting an incident.
The law further requires schools to adopt written policies informing students about dating violence, stalking and sexual assault, and the right of alleged victims and the accused to present evidence or testimony at a campus hearing.
The survey by Gov. Cuomo's office found 95 of 244 institutions — 38.9 percent — met all the law's requirements.
About half — 120 colleges — were found to be “significantly compliant” with a few issues to correct.
The remaining 29 — 12 percent of the total — failed to meet a majority of the requirements and were listed as “non-compliant.”
“In New York, we know that sexual assault is a crime, and we will continue to hold our colleges and universities to the highest possible standards to ensure the safety of all New York students,” Cuomo said.
US Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is reviewing sex assault policies to ensure the due process rights of accused students are protected, as well as those of alleged victims of sex assault.
In New York, the 29 cited schools must now submit an action plan to achieve full compliance within 30 days, and to submit documentation of full compliance within 60 days.
CUNY spokesman Frank Sobrino said the university will correct any deficiencies.
“Creating a safe and secure environment is a top priority at all CUNY campuses. We support the Governor's Enough is Enough initiative and are committed to achieving compliance throughout the university,” Sobrino said.​
Nineteen-year-old Timothy Piazza languished in pain after tumbling down a flight of steps at the Beta Theta Pi frat house in February, investigators say.
The fraternity pledge — who had been drinking heavily throughout the night, according to police — was suffering from multiple traumatic brain injuries. But as he drifted in and out of consciousness, about 20 brothers failed to dial 911 or get outside help from the Penn State University campus — waiting 12 harrowing hours before one of them finally called emergency responders.
Piazza would die almost two days later, paving the way for criminal charges Friday, including involuntary manslaughter and felony aggravated assault, against 18 fraternity members and the fraternity itself.
Eight of those brothers were arraigned on lower-level charges Tuesday afternoon in Centre County Court.
Why did it appear to take so long for them to come to his aid?
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 18 frat members charged in death of pledge during a hazing event 2:47 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
While investigators are left to understand why a house full of witnesses allegedly remained sluggish to act, psychologists point to the case as an apparent example of "groupthink."
The term was first coined in the 1950s, but was studied further as a theory by Irving Janis, a Yale University researcher who published a book on the topic in 1972. The concept: Human desire for group consensus can undermine common sense — and even lead to irrational actions.
That is what seems to have happened after Piazza fell and the fraternity leadership decided they had to protect themselves, said Alan Reifman, a professor of human development and family studies at Texas Tech University.
Related: Eighteen Charged Over Pledge Timothy Piazza's Fatal Fall
"Leaders of a group become committed to a course of action — in this case, making feckless attempts to revive Mr. Piazza without calling the authorities — and follow through on it with great single-mindedness," Reifman told NBC News on Tuesday. "In groupthink, many of the group members appear to be on the 'same page' in executing the plan, but if there is any dissent, it is suppressed."
Surveillance footage from inside the house shows much of the hand-wringing that night and the order that members get in line, according to a report on the grand jury investigation released Friday.
After 10:45 p.m., following a night of drinking beer and vodka as part of a pledge event, Piazza ended up stumbling head first down basement stairs inside the home. The sophomore engineering major was on the landing unconscious.
Timothy Piazza (C) with his parents Evelyn Piazza and James Piazza on Oct. 31, 2014. Patrick Carns / AP
One of the frat brothers — later identified as Kordel Davis — begged to take Piazza to the hospital, but the others told him to leave the room, according to the report.
Davis tried to seek help from another fraternity leader, but he told a grand jury that his opinion to get Piazza help was waved off since other brothers who were kinesiology or biology majors said he was fine.
The brothers were allegedly seen on camera trying to slap Piazza awake, and at one point, two of them fell on top of his unconscious body. At another point, Piazza vomited. The brothers became frustrated and one even struck Piazza "hard one time in the abdomen with his open right hand," detectives said.
Four of the brothers then carried the bruised Piazza upstairs and tried to prod him to get up, although he did not respond, detectives said.
Eventually, after midnight, Piazza became physically responsive. The brothers failed to provide any meaningful assistance, detectives said, even as Piazza staggered around and managed to wander back down to the basement.
At around 10 a.m., the brothers discovered him down there. One brother told investigators that Piazza "felt cold to the touch, his skin appeared pale, and his eyes remained half-open."
Instead of calling 911, the brothers attempted to shake him, the report said. Some of them looked up "falling asleep after a head injury" and "cold extremities in drunk person" on the internet, according to a search of their cellphones by detectives.
The Beta Theta Pi House at Penn State. WJAC-TV
It wasn't until 10:48 a.m. that one of the fraternity members decided they needed outside help — although the brothers allegedly used a group chat discussion to devise a plan to cover up what occurred.
The Beta Theta Pi International Fraternity and Penn State officials agreed to shut down the school's chapter after the investigation into Piazza's death. It also led to several changes on campus, including a ban on all social activities involving alcohol for the rest of the semester and monitoring at social events to prevent underage and excessive drinking.
A doctor told a grand jury that Piazza's blood-alcohol level was .36 — more than 4-1/2 times the legal limit to drive in Pennsylvania.
Author Andrew Lohse, who chronicled hazing at Dartmouth University in his 2014 memoir, "Confessions of an Ivy League Frat Boy," blamed fraternities such as Beta Theta Pi for being ruled by "incredibly strong groupthink."
Frat brothers, he told NBC News, are "trading this moral compass, this general sense of humanity, decency and caring for other people that doesn't really serve any utility in the fraternity. The fraternity is about submissions of power, it's about dominance, it's about control."
He added that fraternities are built on a secrecy that breeds peer pressure and frowns upon speaking out of turn. That, he said, needs to end within the entire Greek-letter community — and it needs to start with changing the fraternity psychology.
In the case of Beta Theta Pi, Lohse said, "I think you can clearly see that all it would have taken is one person to stand up and have the courage to do the right thing."
Officials with Beta Theta Pi's national organization and Penn State referred further questions for comment to prior statements. Beta Theta Pi leaders have said they have “clearly and consistently expressed its position that it does not tolerate hazing or alcohol abuse,” and supported the decision to disband the Penn State chapter.
Penn State President Eric Barron said in a statement Friday that Beta Theta Pi was situated on private property and claimed to be a model fraternity, but it was "no model."
Harlem ramen joint suspends bartender accused of drugging ex-worker's drink A popular Harlem ramen joint says it has suspended one of its bartenders — after a former employee accused him of drugging her drink. “We understand the severity of the...
Bartender won $411K and the hearts of millions on 'Jeopardy!' A. This New Yorker left a dozen “Jeopardy!” opponents crying in their beer. Q. Who is Manhattan bartender Austin Rogers? The 39-year-old quiz king, who won $411,000 and the admiration...
Sexual misconduct often part of the job for women in this field CHICAGO — One woman recalls how a general manager at a Chicago-area restaurant where she worked told her that if security cameras recorded him reaching between her legs and grabbing...
Bartender busted serving cocaine in drink menus A bar manager at a top London boozer has been jailed for supplying drinkers with drugs using a drinks menu. Justyna Gorska, 34, was jailed for 28 months after being...
NYC bartender's hot streak on 'Jeopardy!' ends LOS ANGELES — The winning streak of standout “Jeopardy!” contestant Austin Rogers is at an end. Rogers, a New York City bartender, lost narrowly on Thursday's show after a 12-game...
Bar owner spies possible theft on webcam as bartender slept This shot didn't go down so smooth. A Manhattan bar owner called the cops after she logged on to the watering hole's Webcam to spy the bartender snoozing and...
Celeb workout routine CEO kept profits from bartender: suit The CEO behind the celebrity workout routine, The Tracy Anderson Method, has starved a Bronx bartender out of profits from her newest venture—healthy cocktail mixers, according to an ongoing lawsuit....
Strip club sued for refusing to hire male bartenders PENSACOLA, Fla. — A Florida strip club accused of hiring only women bartenders and refusing to hire a man is facing a federal lawsuit. A lawsuit filed Thursday by the...
Man caught on camera dragging a female bartender by her hair Shocking video shows the moment a brawling patron drags a female bartender from out behind the bar by her hair. The woman, who works at The Field Bar in Neasden...
DUBAI: A three-month-old baby was called to the US embassy in London after his grandfather accidentally identified him as a terrorist on his visa form.
British national Harvey Kenyon-Cairns and his family had been preparing to travel to Florida for his first holiday abroad until his grandfather Paul Kenyon ruined the fun and ticked the wrong box on the child's Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) form.
On the part of the ESTA form which asks “Do you seek to engage in or have you ever engaged in terrorist activities, espionage, sabotage, or genocide?” Kenyon ticked yes.
“I couldn't believe that they couldn't see it was a genuine mistake and that a three-month-old baby would be no harm to anyone,” the 62-year-old said, according to The Guardian.
The child was summoned to attend an interview at the US embassy in London.
“Baby Harvey was good as gold for the interview and never cried once. I thought about taking him along in an orange jumpsuit, but thought better of it,” said Kenyon. “They didn't appear to have a sense of humor over it at all and couldn't see the funny side.
“He's obviously never engaged in genocide, or espionage, but he has sabotaged quite a few nappies in his time, though I didn't tell them that at the US embassy.”
In the end, the baby and his parents, Faye Kenyon-Cairns and John Cairns, were able to travel to the US on holiday, if only a few days late.
“I was hoping the US embassy would realize that it was just a simple error without us having to jump through all the hoops,” said the grandfather.
He added: “If you were a terrorist, I suspect you'd not be ticking yes on the ESTA form anyway.”
Image copyright Daily Mirror Image caption Front page of the Daily Mirror
The PSNI's deputy chief constable, Drew Harris, is in the spotlight on Thursday morning as the Irish News reports he has been shortlisted for the position of Garda commissioner.
Mr Harris was formally in charge of the Northern Ireland police force's intelligence branch, and the newspaper reports that he is now thought to be favourite to secure the job.
It says the salary for the role of commissioner was recently increased to €250,000 (£219,000) from €180,000 (£158,000) in a bid to attract wider interest in the position.
The position became available after Nóirín O'Sullivan announced she was retiring in September of last year.
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption Dep Ch Const Drew Harris has been shortlisted for the position of Garda commissioner
Ms O'Sullivan had faced several opposition calls to stand down over a number of issues, including her handling of police whistle-blowers and the disclosure that police officers had significantly exaggerated the number of breathalyser tests carried out.
The newspaper also reports that a former head of maths at St Colman's College in Newry has been sentenced to 13 years in prison for 29 counts of indecent assault.
Patrick James Carton, of Marguerite Close in Newcastle, County Down, also taught at De La Salle in Downpatrick.
The accusations covered a time period from 1983 to 2007.
The case also features on the front page of the News Letter which notes that the trial heard how Carton had given private maths lessons to his victims, abusing them in their own bedrooms.
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption Patrick James Carton has been sentenced to 13 years in prison for 29 counts of indecent assault.
Another story on its front page indicates that an elderly woman has died following a fire at a house on Donegall Avenue in south Belfast.
The woman, who was in her 80s, was taken to hospital for treatment following the fire on Wednesday evening, but died a short time later.
The News Letter also reports that a DUP councillor has accused Sinn Féin of "politicising children and their safety" after road safety signs written in English and Irish, and sporting the party's logo were erected in County Antrim.
It says the signs have appeared on lampposts and telegraph poles in Glenavy.
DUP councillor James Tinsley said he had reported the matter to Roads Service and asked them to "take immediate action".
A Department for Infrastructure spokesperson said the signs are illegal and that Sinn Féin had agreed to have them removed. The News Letter says the Ulster Star newspaper had contacted Sinn Féin, but there had been no response at the time of publication.
'Face charges'
The Belfast Telegraph reports on its front page that the PSNI has warned that any pregnant women who take abortion pills to be delivered at a pro-choice protest outside a Belfast courthouse today, could face charges.
Police said taking the abortion tablets, which are to be delivered by a robot, "may constitute a criminal offence" and it would "take measures to bring the offender to justice".
The newspaper says a doctor is expected to counsel the women remotely, as the robots are operated from the Netherlands, in a bid to avoid breaking the law.
It also reports that the Electoral Commission is investigating money paid by Mid and East Antrim Council to sponsor a table at a DUP MP's constituency dinner.
Ian Paisley hosted the event at Tullyglass Hotel, Ballymena, last year.
The commission is focusing on £1,500, which it described as a "donation" to Mr Paisley. He insists the money was paid directly to the hotel.
The Daily Mirror's front page reports that Liverpool FC fan, Sean Cox, from County Meath, who was injured in an attack before the Champions League semi-final, has returned home to Ireland for treatment.
Mr Cox, 53, sustained head injuries before Liverpool's game at Anfield against Roma last month.
Image copyright Family handout Image caption Sean Cox is reported to be receiving treatment in Ireland
The newspaper reports he is receiving "round-the clock care" at Dublin's Beaumont hospital.
A source told the newspaper that despite a lack of progress in Mr Cox's condition, his "family remain hopeful that he will pull through".
Meanwhile, anyone with something precious to protect may want to take a note of the Daily Mirror story that building work is under way at a secret location in Northern Ireland for an impenetrable vault which will house thousands of safe deposit boxes.
Belfast Vaults have said the multi-million pound bunker will be the "first independent safe deposit box vault in Northern Ireland".
Among the items that can be stored include, cash, jewellery, gold bullion, photographs, and computer hard drives.
"In our Dublin vault we have clients who are in up to five time a day," Nigel Doolin of Belfast Vaults said.
"We have a gentleman who stores his father's ashes and we have a radio presenter who stores her unedited interviews in her safe deposit box."
Image copyright Hampshire Constabulary Image caption Christopher Benjamin, also known by the surname Buttling, has been jailed for 11 years
A man has been jailed for attacking two police officers as they attended a "domestic incident".
Christopher Benjamin, also known by the surname Buttling, 32, previously admitted two charges of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and one count of producing cannabis.
Police said the officers were injured after being called to Merlin Road in Farnborough, Hampshire on 12 July.
Benjamin, of Bell Court, Merlin Road, was sentenced to 11 years in prison.
The officers were taken to hospital - one with a cut to his shoulder, the other with a cut to his hand - and later discharged.
Image copyright Google Image caption The officers were called to Merlin Road in Farnborough in July
Ch Insp Georgina White said: "Policing does come with an element of risk... However, a direct assault on any officer is unacceptable.
"I'm pleased to say both officers have made a full recovery and have returned to duty with the support of colleagues."
John Apter, chair of the Hampshire Police Federation, said: "This was a vicious and brutal attack which resulted in two police officers being seriously injured.
It was only through the actions of other officers and the use of Taser that no officer was killed."
With a mischievous, metaphysical flourish, “Doctor Strange” administers some much-needed CPR to the flagging superhero genre. It doesn't reinvent the wheel — a power-hungry villain (Mads Mikkelsen) tries to unleash...
Monday was a strong day for the stock market, which came off the three-day weekend with a solid advance. Major benchmarks rose as much as 1% as investors looked beyond geopolitical tensions in North Korea and around the world and instead focused on the positive prospects for corporate earnings. Despite some concerns about the releases of results from major banks last week, market participants seem generally upbeat about the chances for key players in the economy to produce positive earnings surprises.Indeed, some good news has already surfaced for a few individual companies, and Straight Path Communications (NYSEMKT: STRP), Alere (NYSE: ALR), and MoneyGram International (NASDAQ: MGI) were among the best performers on the day. Below, we'll look more closely at these stocks to tell you why they did so well.
Continue Reading Below
Straight Path hopes for a bidding war
Shares of Straight Path Communications jumped another 20%, adding to their impressive upward move last week. A week ago, Straight Path shares soared almost 150% after AT&T (NYSE: T) announced a deal to acquire the owner of substantial wireless spectrum assets. Yet today, some market participants believe that Straight Path might get a competing bid from rival Verizon Communications(NYSE: VZ) or another player in the telecommunications space, and that could push shares of Straight Path even higher. At this point, the stock has climbed so far that it's essential that Straight Path actually negotiate a better deal. Otherwise, those who seek to buy into the small industry player could end up getting burned even if an acquisition in fact takes place.
Image source: Getty Images.
Alere's deal is still on
Alere stock jumped 16% after the diagnostic test provider announced an amended merger agreement with Abbott Labs (NYSE: ABT). More than a year ago, Abbott and Alere had agreed to a combination, but legal battles emerged and threatened the deal. Over the weekend, Alere and Abbott said that rather than continuing to pursue legal action, they had instead decided to amend the terms of the merger agreement. Now, Alere shareholders will have to accept $51 per share from Abbott, which is down from the original $56-per-share deal. Nevertheless, with Alere stock having traded as low as $35 per share as investors grew more skeptical that any merger would ever take place, even the reduced offer was good news for long-nervous shareholders in the diagnostic specialist.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
MoneyGram gets a better bid
Finally, shares of MoneyGram International climbed 8%. The company received a higher buyout bid from China's Ant Financial, which raised its offer by more than a third to $1.2 billion. The deal, which would amount to $18 per share for MoneyGram shareholders, exceeds the bid that rival Euronet Worldwide had made for the payment specialist. As MoneyGram executive chair Pamela Patsley said, “We are pleased to offer even more value to our stockholders through the amendment of our merger agreement with Ant Financial.” Most now believe that Euronet won't try to counter again, but the share price is close enough to the new $18 offer to raise at least the possibility of further bidding.
Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now
Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!*
Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now.
Click here to get access to the full list!
*Stock Advisor returns as of 4/3/2017.
Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool recommends EEFT. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
THE MILLS AT JERSEY Garden TO HOST 2017 MUSIC AT THE MILLS by
Friday, October 06 2017 @ 10:04 AM EDT
Posted in News & Views
Free Cultural Performances Offered to the Public October 7 – 9
Elizabeth, NJ (October 5, 2017) – The Mills at Jersey Gardens, New Jersey's largest outlet and value retail center with over 200 stores under one roof, and the Union County Board of Chosen Freeholders today announced the return of the 18th annual Music at The Mills event, a celebration of National Arts and Humanities Month taking place Columbus Day Weekend, Saturday, October 7 through Monday, October 9.
Coordinated by the Union County Division of Cultural & Heritage Affairs, Music at The Mills was created to recognize the abundance of talented artists in New Jersey and includes performances from all sectors of the arts including cultural, music, dance and theater. The diversity of the performers runs the gamut from jazz vocalists and bands to Costa Rican dance and Colombian salsa dancers. The center also gives the artists a public forum to promote their talents. Performances are free to the public.
“We are delighted to once again host the presentation of Music at the Mills,” said Crystal Fresco, Director of Marketing and Business Development, The Mills at Jersey Gardens. “The event is centered around celebrating the talented and diverse singers, dancers and musicians in New Jersey and sharing their talents with our shoppers. We encourage locals and visitors to the area to take a break from shopping and dining this weekend to enjoy the wonderful performances scheduled throughout the days.”
All performances are held in the Center Court of the mall (see preliminary schedule below).
Saturday, Oct. 7:
11:00AM – 12:00PM Estilo Latino Dance Company (Colombian Salsa Dancing)
12:30PM – 1:30PM Maleku Folklore de Costa Rica (Folkloric Dance)
2:00PM – 3:00PM Framework Jazz Ensemble
3:30PM – 4:30PM Jazz Vocalist Lauren Shub and Hal Hirsch Jazz
5:00PM – 6:00PM United Youth of New Jersey (Theatrical Dance, Hip-Hop, Rap)
6:30PM – 7:30PM Chinese American Cultural Association
Sunday, Oct. 8:
11:00AM – 12:00PM Yasko & Kokonuts (Jazz Instrumental Musical Performance)
12:30PM – 1:30PM Blanca Rosas (Musical Performance)
2:00PM – 3:00PM “You & Your Sister” (Musical Performance)
3:30PM – 4:00PM Alborada Spanish Dance (Flamenco Dance)
5:00PM – 6:00PM Victor Sinchi (Classical Pianist)
Monday, Oct. 9:
11:00AM – 12:00PM Richard Nobrega (Latin Guitarist)
12:30PM – 1:30PM The Jefferson Arts Academy (TJAA) Liberty Dancers
2:00PM – 3:00PM University of the Philippines & Friends Rondalla (Musical Performance)
3:30PM – 4:30PM Peruvian Traditional Dance Team
5:00PM – 6:00PM Jason Chan (Acoustic Singer/Guitarist)
6:30PM – 7:30PM Edison Pereyra (Classical Guitar)
Schedule subject to change. Updates will be added to the schedule at http://www.simon.com/mall/the-mills-at-jersey-gardens/news-and-events.
About The Mills at Jersey Gardens
The Mills at Jersey Garden is New Jersey's largest outlet and value retail center with over 200 stores under one roof. A shopper's paradise, The Mills at Jersey Gardens is anchored by top outlets including Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH, Neiman Marcus Last Call, Century 21, Marshall's, and the best brand outlets including Michael Kors, Coach, Calvin Klein, Banana Republic, Nike, True Religion, Nautica, PUMA and Guess. The center also offers the largest Tommy Hilfiger in the US. With daily transportation from both the Port Authority Bus Terminal and Newark Liberty International Airport, the center is a great day-trip out of the hustle and bustle of New York City and features tax-free shopping on clothes and shoes. Enjoy great dining at Johnny Rockets, Chili's, Applebee's and its food court – voted one of the best in the state by NJ.com. Located at 651 Kapkowski Rd. in Elizabeth, The Mills at Jersey Gardens is easy to access off of exit 13A on Interstate 95. For more information, call (908) 354-5900 or visit www.simon.com/mall/the-mills-at-jersey-gardens. The Mills at Jersey Gardens may also be found on Facebook at www.facebook.com/JerseyGardens and on Twitter www.twitter.com/MillsatJersey.
About The Mills, A Simon Company
The Mills®, one of Simon Property Group's five real estate platforms, offers a unique brand of shopping with a mix of popular name brand outlets, value retailers and full-price stores, plus family-oriented dining and entertainment concepts. The Mills are well-located in major metropolitan markets and many are recognized as leading tourism destinations. Notable properties include Arundel Mills (Baltimore), Gurnee Mills (Chicago), Grapevine Mills (Dallas), Ontario Mills (Los Angeles), Opry Mills (Nashville), Potomac Mills (Washington, DC) and Sawgrass Mills (Ft. Lauderdale/Miami).
Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE: SPG) is a S&P 100 company and a global leader in the retail real estate industry. Simon currently owns or has an interest in more than 325 retail real estate properties in North America, Asia and Europe comprising approximately 243 million square feet. Simon is headquartered in Indianapolis, Ind., and employs approximately 5,500 people in the United States. For more information, visit the Simon Property Group website at www.simon.com.
About Simon
Roy Moore once suggested getting rid of every amendment after Tenth Alabama GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore once suggested getting rid of every amendment after the Tenth — saying “that would eliminate many problems.” The proposal came in June 2011 during...
Why 'moral outrage' over the Electoral College outrages me Kate Upton is feeling a bit like a Hillary Clinton supporter: morally outraged that her man, Detroit's Justin Verlander, lost the Cy Young award even though he got the most...
Nativity scene with Bill of Rights as Baby Jesus booted from Texas Capitol AUSTIN, Texas – A mock nativity scene at the Texas Capitol in which Baby Jesus was represented as the U.S. Constitution's Bill of Rights was removed on Tuesday after Governor...
She is the only daughter (and the second of six siblings) of Sultan Ibrahim Ismail of Johor. She is seen here receiving a blessing from her father during a wedding function on Monday evening. The newlyweds were also sprinkled with scented water and yellow rice by family members and guests as a mark of their approval of the marriage.
The Pacers are down 0-2 to the Cavs, but Thad Young says they've been close each game and it won't take a lot to turn things around.
More FOX Sports Indiana Videos Jeff Teague after Pacers' Game 1 loss: ‘The next game is a must-win for us' Stephenson says facing LeBron brought back old memories C.J. Miles says rest of Pacers-Cavs series is ‘gonna be a dogfight' Young: Pacers need to ‘put on our hard hat and be ready to win' in Game 2 Paul George has no problem demanding excellence from teammates Brooks says it'll take “a lot' for Pacers to beat Cavs More FOX Sports Indiana Videos
CLEVELAND — Lonnie Chisenhall had a simple answer when asked if Chad Green's pitch hit him in the bottom of the sixth inning: “I'm not the umpire.”
Home plate umpire Dan Iassogna said it did hit Chisenhall's hand — not his bat — and awarded the Indians pinch-hitter first base to load the bases. The call changed the course of Friday's ALDS Game 2, as well as the course of the Yankees' season, as they went on to lose 9-8 in 13 innings.
Replays appeared to show the pitch hit Chisenhall's bat, and because Gary Sanchez caught the ball, Chisenhall should have struck out to end the inning.
Instead, Francisco Lindor came to the plate and hit a grand slam off the right-field foul pole to get the Indians to within a run.
Joe Girardi opted not to challenge the hit-by-pitch call, which caught even Chisenhall off guard.
“With the amount of challenges we have, it was surprising,” Chisenhall said. “On the video, apparently you couldn't tell yes or no. If it had gotten overturned, I don't know. I'm not the umpire.”
Neither is Sanchez, but he tried to get Girardi to challenge the play.
“I just screamed, ‘Foul!' [to the umpire],” Sanchez said through an interpreter. “I thought I heard something. I wasn't sure what.”
Sanchez looked over to the dugout, but Girardi didn't go for a review.
“There was nothing that told us that he was not hit on the pitch,'' Girardi said. “By the time we got the super slo-mo, we are beyond a minute. It was way too late. They tell us we have the 30 seconds. They will take longer in replay. … And probably being a catcher, my thought is I never want to break a pitcher's rhythm. That's how I think about it.”
Girardi finally removed Green, and David Robertson ended the inning by striking out Jason Kipnis, but the damage had been done.
Both Sanchez and Chisenhall noted Chisenhall didn't react on the pitch, another sign that the ball didn't hit him, since it was a 97-mph fastball.
“I definitely heard something,” Sanchez said. “I wasn't sure if it hit the bat. I don't think it hit him because he never reacted to that. He stood still there.”
“I didn't react at all,” Chisenhall said. “I go with what the umpire says. I felt some vibration down there in your hand and you go down to first base and you let the replay take care of itself.”
In this case, though, there was no replay, and Chisenhall acknowledged the break.
“Absolutely,” Chisenhall said. “I stabbed at the ball there and got first base and we took advantage of it.”
As for his lack of reaction, Chisenhall said: “Sometimes you don't even know [if you got hit]. With replay now, you don't try to sell anything. You don't try to play anything off. You just run to first and let replay take care of it.”
The late David Bowie famously owned the penthouse at 285 Lafayette St.
That's where shattered fans mourned his loss by transforming the ground outside the Nolita building into an impromptu shrine following his 2016 death. Bowie bought the spread for $4 million in 1999, and his widow Iman still lives there.
Now a three-bedroom apartment on the third floor of the building is on the market as a fully furnished rental for $28,000 a month.
The 3,175-square-foot perch features a corner living room with eight windows “at treetop level” overlooking St. Michael's Chapel on Mulberry Street.
Details include floorboards, posts and beams made from reclaimed oak. Building amenities include a common landscaped roof garden with seating and an outdoor kitchen.
Other building residents, over the years, have included Ian Schrager and Courtney Love. The listing broker is Corcoran's Dorothy Zeidman.
Cassie Aylward, Newstalk 580 CFRA
Ottawa Paramedics say a man in his 70s is lucky after he fell off his motorcycle on the highway Tuesday afternoon.
A spokesperson says they were called to the scene on the eastbound 417 at the Vanier Parkway around 12:49 p.m. The bike continued on the highway without its driver and ended up in a ditch.
No other vehicles were involved and the man suffered some road rash but nothing more serious, according to paramedics.
The 417 was closed briefly but has since re-opened.
WAKEFIELD TRINITY may have fallen short against champions Wigan Warriors but they will earn plenty of plaudits for this mighty effort.
Boss Chris Chester had described them as “soft” and “clueless” at times during the Good Friday defeat at Castleford when they trailed 36-12 at half-time.
Mason Caton-Brown is wrapped up by the Wigan defence. PIC: Scott Merrylees
However, they were anything but here as they challenged the World Club kings across the park with a display full of energy, commitment and vigour so rarely seen in Easter Monday fixtures.
Well-served by the likes of centre Mason Caton-Brown and hard-running prop Keegan Hirst, who both came into the side, and forceful winger Tom Johnstone, they were competitive throughout.
Indeed, it was not until young Wigan winger Liam Marshall grabbed his ninth try in seven games as late as the 77th minute – the only score of a tense second period – that the visitors could breathe easily.
The hosts were the better side in the first half and unfortunate to be 12-10 down at the turnaround.
Craig Huby gets to grips with the Wigan attack. PIC: Scott Merrylees
The game was level at 6-6 when centre Anthony Gelling, in his 100th game for Wigan, was sin-binned for a dangerous tackle, lifting Caton-Brown's leg in the 29th minute before the centre nosedived back to the ground.
However, Mitch Allgood fumbled in the next set – something Wakefield did too often when they gained good attacking position – and the visitors were let off the hook.
Instead, the champions, who had struggled for any decent strike chances aside from captain Sean O'Loughlin's fifth-minute converted opener, actually went ahead four minutes later when still down to 12 men.
Winger Thomas Davies made a fine kick return to get Wakefield on the backfoot and, then England stand-off George Williams crabbed across field before turning back inside to find France full-back Morgan Escare flying though from halfway.
He showed great pace to round Scott Grix and converted his own try, too.
However, when Wakefield forced Wigan's Ryan Sutton into an error in the visitor's' own 20, this time they capitalised.
Liam Finn spread the ball wide for Grix to find enough space to supply Ben Jones-Bishop, the winger who finished well for his sixth try in just five games.
Finn failed to convert from wide out but Wakefield were clearly in the mood.
It was Finn who had kept the ball alive on the last tackle in the ninth minute to create their first try, Grix then finding Ashley Gibson who dinked a perfect grubber through for Grix to collect and twist out of Escare's tackle to score on his 200th Super League appearance. Finn again could not add the extras but levelled the game with a 24th minute penalty.
In the second period, Wigan applied most of the pressure but Caton-Brown – in with Gibson for injured centres Joe Arundel and Bill Tupou – produced a timely tackle on Escare and then Wakefield rallied brilliantly to hold up Sam Powell.
It was not until after the hour mark they had any chance of note themselves but, first, Miller and, then, Wood, chose poor options near the Wigan line.
With a little more finesse things could have been so different.
Instead, Wigan, who defended manfully, escaped long enough for Marshall to strike the killer blow.
Wakefield Trinity: Grix; Jones-Bishop, Gibson, Caton-Brown, Johnstone; Miller, Finn; Huby, Wood, England, Ashurst, Hadley, Arona. Substitutes: Hirst, Allgood, Kirmond, Fifita.
Wigan Warriors: Escare; Davies, Gelling, Forsyth, Marshall; Williams, Leuluai; Flower, Powell, Tautai, J Tomkins, Farrell, O'Loughlin. Substitutes: Nuuausala, Sutton, Navarette, Gregson.
Referee: Jack Smith (Wigan).
Reading Borough Council
A £20m plan aiming to ease congestion in Reading has been approved despite opponents arguing it will cause significant environmental damage.
Council officials say the East Reading Mass Rapid Transit - a bus, pedestrian and cycle route linking a new park-and-ride site to the town centre - will discourage cars from busy roads.
But opponents say it will have minimal impact on traffic - environmental groups had expressed concerns about the loss of trees and risk of flooding.
Photos: Man Utd players celebrate Valentine's Day
Happy Valentine's Day to my fiancé. Here's to a lifetime of making amazing memories starting this summer as Mrs Smalling ❤️💍 pic.twitter.com/z8ChXGlBCb — Chris Smalling (@ChrisSmalling) February 14, 2017
Manchester United players have been sharing photos of their better halves to celebrate Valentine's Day.
With United's packed fixture list free until Thursday night's Europa League clash with French side Saint Etienne, the Red Devils players were able to get romantic on February 14. Ooh la la!
Chris Smalling, David De Gea, Bastian Schweinsteiger and Matteo Darmian were among those to post tweets and photos in honour of their Valentine's today.
Here is a look at what they had to say.
Highlights of the show this year includes painter Kehinde Wiley's first work since unveiling Barack Obama's presidential portrait.
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like "Jews will not replace us" and "end immigration, one people, one nation" was, as many expressed online, disturbing yet not really all that surprising.
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville, journalists, scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet, with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded.
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read.
Here at Code Switch, my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows:
"Richard Spencer, the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right,' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success. 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said, 'all gays should marry,' you actually would get a lot of laughs,' Spencer told The Atlantic last year, not long after the election. 'By 2015, gay marriage is popular. What is possible has shifted. That's what the alt-right is doing. It's shifting the reality of what's possible, and imagining a reality in which they are.' "
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson, now executive editor at The Atlantic, riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend, compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods. "The shameless return of white supremacy into America's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees, and quickly," Thompson wrote.
Dara Lind, a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins, described it as a "coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America."
Nathan Guttman, a reporter with Forward, an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans, penned a vivid piece about covering the march. He recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville, Michael Signer.
" '[L]ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep's name?' asked Richard Spencer, a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate,' as he stood on a bench under a tree to rally his troops, deprived of their protest. The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce his name: 'Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew' some shouted out. The rest burst out in laughter. And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed."
And Jia Tolentino, a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia, meditated on Charlottesville's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past. "While I was at U.V.A., the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed, and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine's Day, when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally.' "
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump, whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville condemned equally both sides of the protest. "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," Trump said, in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans.
Writing for The New Yorker, Jelani Cobb parsed Trump's initial response further:
"We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years, and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them. Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were, in essence, equally wrong. It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ("Heritage, not hate," etc.), but Nazis? For reasons that are not hard to discern, the swastika, at least in the United States, has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag."
Michael Gerson, a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush, lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece, writing that the current president was "incapable" of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy:
"If great words can heal and inspire, base words can corrupt. Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses. In Charlottesville, the effect became fully evident. And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating his work. What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform his basic duties? What do we do when he is incapable of outrage at outrageous things? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options. But the questions intensify."
On Monday, Trump responded to the increasing pressure to respond more forcefully, and gave a stronger rebuke. "Racism is evil," Trump said. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
In a piece for Commentary Magazine, John Podhoretz, a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, cast a skeptical eye toward Trump's remarks on Monday:
"You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president's statement today condemning white supremacists, but it's hard to believe he would have read it out if he'd had his druthers. No, the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when he decided to condemn violence 'on many sides' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia; when he decided to refer to the events as 'sad' in tweets; when he wished 'best regards' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them, killing 1 and injuring 20. When he acted in that way, he was operating according to his instinct. And his instinct said: Do not attack the white supremacists."
What Trump's comments Monday mean for how, exactly, he will handle the resurgence of white supremacists, remains unclear.
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump's remarks on Monday:
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Beyond Sauvignon Blanc
Ask most consumers what they think about wine and New Zealand, and they're likely to talk with you about Sauvignon Blanc. Which is fully understandable. But then there are the chances to talk about the other wines from these regions, and that's where people get jumpy. Source, Forbes.
Homeowners with home equity loans may be reaping the benefits of deducting interest paid in 2017, but they shouldn't get used to it.
The new tax reform law drastically changed how the tax code will treat home equity debt — but few consumers understand how that change will affect their tax bill.
Only 4.4% of borrowers correctly identified that the new tax code will hurt home-equity loan borrowers because it eliminated this deduction in a recent poll of 1,000 borrowers. And more than half of the borrowers surveyed (54%) either thought that the new tax code positively affected the treatment of home equity loans or that didn't impact it at all.
“There were so many proposals to eliminate or reduce certain deductions, so there was a lot of confusion right until the end,” said Sandra Block, senior editor at personal-finance publication Kiplinger.
How the tax code will now treat home equity debt
Before the GOP tax reform package became law, homeowners could deduct the interest paid on up to $100,000 in home equity loans or home equity lines of credit. The Internal Revenue Service recently clarified that borrowers can still deduct this interest. But there's a big catch: The funds from the home equity loan must be put toward a home improvement project or renovation.
And even for those who can still make use of this deduction there are limits. Borrowers can now only deduct the interest on up to $750,000 in housing-related debt. So if a borrower's first mortgage and their home equity line of credit add up to less than $750,000, they'll be fine. For those whose status is married filing separately, the limit is $375,000.
Read more: Why it makes more sense to rent than buy
But if someone's outstanding debt on their primary mortgage exceeds $750,000, then they won't be able to deduct the interest on their home equity loan or line of credit — even if it's used for a home improvement or renovation project, Block said. These changes won't apply to the current tax season, but will be in effect next year.
Many borrowers are affected by this change. A study released by TransUnion TRU, -0.91% in October predicted that 10 million consumers will open a home equity line of credit between 2018 and 2022 — more than double the number of consumers who did so from 2012 to 2016. As of the third quarter of 2017, the balances on home equity lines of credit totaled $448 billion, according to data from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Some 62% of Americans with home equity lines of credit opened one to pay for home improvements and repairs, a recent survey from personal-finance website NerdWallet found. Other common uses for funds tapped through a home equity loan include paying off other forms of debt or for major expenditures such as buying a new car or paying for a child's college tuition.
Also see: This city saw the biggest home-price growth in 2017 — and, no, it's not on the West Coast
Moreover, 27% of these borrowers get a home equity loan and don't use it right away, saving it for a rainy day. With the changes made to the tax code, these borrowers will no longer be able to deduct the interest they paid on these loans if the funds are used in this way. But that doesn't make it a bad strategy, Block said. “It's still a good idea to have one because it's a really good source of emergency funds,” she said. “It's still going to be a lower rate than credit cards or personal loans.”
Borrowers should compare home equity loans with other loan options, including personal loans, to ensure they get the best rate possible if they can't deduct the interest paid.
How to prepare for tax season next year
It's still unclear precisely how the IRS will have borrowers document how they used the money they tapped through a home equity line of credit. Regardless of how the process will actually work, borrowers need to make sure they keep thorough records of how much they spend and on what.
“They need to keep statements,” said Steven Hamilton, an accountant based in Grayslake, Ill. “If they have a debit card connected to that home equity line of credit they need to keep every statement.”
Those documents will come in handy if a borrower is ever audited. And borrowers should keep these documents for as long as they have the loan or line of credit open.
Because this documentation will be so important though, they need to ensure they hire workers or contractors who can provide proof of payment. In other words, hiring day laborers and paying them off the books could disqualify a borrower from being able to deduct their interest payments.
The Voorhes for Reader's Digest When we were raised, there were plenty of adults—family members as well as neighbors—who took a hand in setting standards for children. Their consistent message—“Mind your manners” and “Mind who you are”—was a call for young people to treat themselves and others with dignity. Families and children flourish with these connections, whether they're personal or based in institutions such as quality day care and schools, sports teams, religious youth groups, extracurricular activities, libraries, and youth development organizations.
But over the years, we have seen the bonds that support young people buckle under the pressures of modern life. In too many places, children are caught in a sticky web of troubles that would be difficult for any of us to escape. Some children do heroically transcend these problems through hard work, character, and idealism. But it should not require heroism to be a child; we need to give our children standards. (This is how you can raise an emotionally intelligent child.)
Our children deserve better. They deserve a life that rewards their dreams, a life of opportunity—after all, equal opportunity is the defining promise of our country. It is a commitment that should unite right and left, rural and urban, rich and poor.
The America to which we aspire rises to challenges and sacrifices for the good of the next generation. If you are a parent worried about the intellectual and moral formation of your children, this is your cause. If you are a teacher struggling against influences outside the classroom that leave young people unprepared for learning, this is your cause. If you are an employer who has trouble finding skilled workers in an increasingly skills-based economy, this is your cause. This is our cause.
We are not child-development ­experts, but we have learned some lessons about success over the years, occasionally through hard experience. Advances in knowledge haven't changed the basic needs of young people. Influencing them depends on some very basic practices that allow adults to enter and impact their lives:
When you're trying to serve young people, it is necessary to really listen. Shaking the hand of a young man or woman, looking him or her in the eyes, taking the time to engage—all these things signal concern and respect. Especially if children feel betrayed, a connection may take time. But this is what children need most—sustained, sympathetic interaction with adults who care enough to help them thrive. This always begins with a willingness to listen. (These are the habits of parents who raised successful children.)
Influence with young people requires consistency. Much hostility and suspicion toward the adult world comes from broken promises of attention and care, especially when family arrangements are unstable. Many children are effectively asking adults: Will you be back tomorrow? And the day after? Will you have my back over time? Children are not reached by a one-time flash of engagement; they are influenced by the long-term glow of commitment.
If the success of young people depends on overlapping factors, so does their failure. They can experience concurrent problems—neglect, economic crisis, bad peer influences, trauma—that reach a tipping point. All their hopes and plans can shrink down to the needs and wants of the moment; they may numb their pain with drugs, leave school, join a gang. Whatever the latest policy trend may be—and we have seen many—no single response will be enough. It is necessary to surround a child with love, support, and encouragement on ­every side, in every endeavor.
Content continues below ad
Reaching young people requires the conviction that they are capable of success. Children have a way of knowing when adults have given up on them. They test our faith in them in a variety of ways. And discouragement can come early. Educators have told us that most children arrive in kindergarten smiling and hungry for learning. But many lack basic skills and feel dismissed and discounted. By the third grade, one educator told us, “the light can go out of their eyes.” It is only a sense of possibility that can rekindle the flame. Children will not believe in themselves if we don't believe in them. And it is unacceptable to watch any of them abandon faith in the future before their lives have really begun.
While these challenges are daunting, we have seen that progress is possible. We have seen communities across the country making serious, rapid progress in places from the Harlem Children's Zone to East Lake in Atlanta to Parramore Kidz Zone in Orlando, from the 55,000 Degrees campaign in Louisville to Say Yes to Education in Buffalo.
In the face of considerable skepticism, great movements of conscience have been brought to scale. Graduation rates in America have reached the highest level in our nation's history. Efforts to reduce teen pregnancy have been dramatically successful. Teen drug and alcohol abuse, by and large, have been on a steady, long-term decline. More students are attending college. And we have seen the expansion of high-quality early childhood programs and health coverage. We know that broad progress in the lives of young people is possible. We have witnessed it.
The good news: You don't have to be a hero to be part of the solution. Here are ideas in everyday life:
The most direct, personal, and influential kind of role? Become a mentor. This type of consistent, unconditional commitment can change the whole world of a child.
Churches, synagogues, and mosques can establish long-term ties in troubled places, showing the patience that is required for progress.
Businesses can reach out and identify talented young people, and then give them the training they need. Whenever we hear complaints about the lack of skilled labor, our response is: Grow your own.
Young people themselves can be part of the equation. Devoting a year after high school or college to serve their community lets them join with others in works of healing.
This cause of helping children become healthy, moral, skilled adults is the cause that will determine the future of our nation. Raising children prepared for lives of accomplishment, self-respect, and contribution is our core responsibility. We can make a difference, one caring adult and one child at a time.
The Housing Authority has identified the first three housing complexes for its crash maintenance program, which aims to tackle its seemingly insurmountable backlog of repairs.
General Manger Vito Mustaciuolo said the program — funded by $20 million from the city — will first focus on the Manhattanville projects in Harlem, Kingsborough in Brooklyn and Queensbridge in Queens, were waits for many repairs exceed four months.
The backlog is worst at Manhattanville, where work orders that require a skilled tradesman remained open for nearly six months — 164.5 days — on average, NYCHA figures show.
The program, which aims to speed and better coordinate repairs, will eventually be used to catch up on backlogs at up to 30-35 developments, Mustaciuolo said.
He said the $20 million from City Hall would be used to cut the overall backlog from 154,000 repairs down to less than 100,000.
“This is not a number we're happy with,” Mustaciuolo said of the 154,000. “It's not acceptable.”
Additionally, the authority's board approved spending $1.4 million to bring in more help as it catches up on years of missed inspections and abatement work. It's the latest result of the scandal that cost the agency's former chairwoman, Shola Olatoye, her job.
Ed McDonald, who oversees the department in charge of lead abatement, told the board of the agency that NYCHA currently “doesn't have the capacity to handle the deficiencies we are finding.”
The new contract comes two weeks after Mustaciuolo told the City Council that NYCHA would miss its own self-imposed April deadline to inspect common areas at the authority's developments for lead.
The inspections are now supposed to be completed by the end of June.
Image copyright Sussex Police Image caption Robert Roche and his two small children have not been seen since Monday morning
Police and family are concerned for the welfare of a man and his two small children who have not been seen since Monday morning.
They were named as Robert Roche, 36, from Hove, Sussex, a boy aged three and a girl aged 18 months.
They set off from their home at 09:00 BST to go to a day nursery in nearby Holland Road but did not arrive.
Police were called at 17:30 when family members realised that they had not returned home.
Mr Roche is described as white, 5ft 10in (1.78m), stocky, with dark hair.
Image copyright Sussex Police Image caption Missing Joey, three, and 18-month-old Betsy have not been seen since Monday morning
His children are three-year-old Joey and 18-month-old Betsy, who was in a very distinctive black "Bugaboo monkey stroller" buggy with a pink hood. There is also a step and a "saddle" by the handle bar.
Image copyright Bugaboo / Sussex Police
Det Insp Mick Jones from Sussex Police said: "We are searching the local area and are keen to hear from anyone who has spotted Robert and his children.
"If you see them or know where they might be, please let us know right away on 101 or 999, quoting serial 1053 of 14/08.
"We also ask Robert to get in touch with us so that we can arrange to meet and confirm that he and the children are ok.
"We are not treating the disappearance as suspicious at this stage but it has not happened before and we are naturally very concerned for Robert and especially for his children."
New York Film Critics crown 'American Hustle' “American Hustle,'' a comedy caper loosely inspired by a 1970s political bribery scandal, gained Oscar traction Tuesday as it won the first major best picture award of the season, as...
Magnetic performance brightens 'Blue' Despite moments of intensity and an epic length, France's “Blue Is the Warmest Color” is mostly a routine love story elevated by one of the year's most magnetic performances. As...
A pinwheel garden was planted at the Jefferson Co. Judicial Center to raise awareness about child abuse. (Source: James Thomas)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - April is Child Abuse Prevention Month.
Jefferson County Family Court hosted a public ceremony at the Judicial Center on Monday to kick off its Child Abuse Awareness Week.
City and state officials planted a pinwheel garden outside the building. The pinwheel is used by many groups nation-wide to raise awareness about child abuse.
Artwork from preschoolers at the Chestnut Street YMCA is now on display in the lobby of the Judicial Center.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ LMPD releases traffic plan for Thunder Over Louisville
+ Man accused of trying to kill officer being held on $100,000 bond
+ Union Co. softball pitcher recovering after being hit by line drive
People are encouraged to wear blue on Wednesday to show their commitment to preventing child abuse.
Kentucky Attorney General Andy Beshear spoke at the event.
"Every day they see the cycle of abuse," Beshear said. "They know that appropriate interventions do have results. That education can end this vicious cycle."
Others who spoke include Dr. Melissa Currie, Jefferson County Family Court Judge Paula Sherlock, Jefferson County Circuit Court Clerk David L. Nicholson, Jefferson County Attorney Mike O'Connell, and Rashaad Abdur-Rahman, director of Louisville's Office for Safe and Healthy Neighborhoods.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Jameson Moon Hart 12.26.16
A photo posted by P!NK (@pink) on Dec 28, 2016 at 2:31pm PST
BARRIE POLICE SERVICE
On Sunday, May 20th, 2018 at approximately 10:25 pm three (3) suspects were caught on video surveillance entering St. Onge Recreation located at 65 Hart Drive, in the City of Barrie. A white Jeep Grand Cherokee entered the premise after moving the trailer blocking the entranceway. The vehicle immediately went to a trailer and Sea-Doo along the side of the building, hooking it up and leaving the premise with it in tow. A short time later, just before 11:30 pm the same Jeep with three suspects entered the lot where they hooked up a second trailer with two (2) Sea-Doos loaded. Officers noted the vehicle as all white with a sunroof, darker tinted windows and distinctive black after-market hood vents located both front corners of the Jeep. Two (2) of the suspects were stocky build and dressed in dark clothing with the third suspect wearing a white coat and jeans.
Sea-Doo #1 Description:
2017 White RXTX 300
Marine number ON5663449
White in colour with yellow accents and a black seat
* Sitting on galvanized silver single trailer with 2 and 1 red decals on the side
Sea-Doo #2 Description:
2017 GTI SE 900
Marine number ON5830746
Black in colour with silver seat
Sea-Doo #3 Description:
2017 GTI 900
White in colour with neon green seat and black accents
* Sitting on a black Kara double trailer with plate number R1683F
Police are continuing their investigation at this time and wish for anyone who may have information to please contact Constable A Tombs of the Barrie Police Service at 705-725-7025 ext. 2794 or atombs@barriepolice.ca. Any information can be provided anonymously to Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS or leave an anonymous tip online at www.p3tips.com. The Barrie Police Service reminds business owners of the importance of maintaining and updating video surveillance equipment. Quality images help to identify suspects, and can aid in arrests and have a tremendous impact during court proceedings.
A French tourist who tried to have her picture taken with a crocodile in Thailand was injured when the reptile snapped at her when she got too close.
The woman, who is in her 40s, suffered a severe bite wound to her leg Sunday at the Khao Yai National Park, said Thanya Netithammakul, head of the National Park, Wildlife and Plant Conservation Department.
She had been squatting next to the animal, posing for a picture, but she tipped over and the crocodile snapped, the official told the Bangkok Post in a story published Monday.
The attack happened Sunday off the nature study trail in the Haew Suwat waterfall area.
According to the Post, signs warned visitors about the crocodiles and tourists were told to keep to the nature trail.
Southwest Airlines has apologized to a woman who was asked by a ticket counter employee at Denver International Airport to prove the 1-year-old child in her custody was her son.
Lindsay Gottlieb, coach of the Cal women's basketball team, is white. Her son is biracial. Gottlieb's fiance is black.
“We have reached out to Ms. Gottlieb directly to address her concerns and will utilize the situation as a ‘coaching opportunity' for our (e)mployee,” Southwest said in a statement. “We apologize if our interaction made this family uncomfortable — that is never our intention.”
Gottlieb described her interaction with the Southwest ticket counter employee in a series of tweets after the incident on Monday.
@SouthwestAir I'm appalled that after approx 50 times flying with my 1 year old son, ticket counter personnel told me I had to “prove” that he was my son, despite having his passport. She said because we have different last name. My guess is because he has a different skin color. — Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 28, 2018
@SouthwestAir it was demeaning and insensitive, not to mention inefficient. Would have missed flight if it was not delayed. I would advise better training for employees to avoid this happening to others — Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 28, 2018
@SouthwestAir she 1st asked for proof with birth certificate. She then said it's a “federal law” (not true) but asked me to prove I'm mother with Facebook post.What??Mother next to me said she's never been asked for proof despite diff last name..not shockingly, not mixed face fam — Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 28, 2018
In a statement to the Washington Post on Tuesday, Gottlieb elaborated.
“We had a passport that verified our son's age and identity, and both parents were present,” she said. “But still being pushed further to ‘prove' that he was my son felt disrespectful and motivated by more than just concern for his well-being.”
After Southwest's apology, Gottlieb replied: “Southwest replied quickly — apologized and said they would make this a ‘coaching' moment for their organization. I can certainly appreciate that.”
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
Obanikoro, Coca kola lock horns over N96m judgment debt
Justice Akeem Alogba of a Lagos High Court sitting in Ikeja has fixed July 11, 2017 to rule on a motion filed by Nigerian Bottling Ltd seeking to set aside a garnishee order granted against five banks in respect of an N96.8m judgment awarded in favour of Senator Musiliu Obanikoro.
The politician had in 2010 dragged NBC before an Edo High court seeking damages over an accident that along Lagos-Benin Highway where a Coca-Cola truck crashed into her daughter's car, killing the driver, a police orderly and her daughter's friend, Ibukun Adeniyi.
Obanikoro's daughter, Abidemi who was the only surviving person in the accident was subsequently flown to South Africa for life saving medical procedure.
Six years after, the Edo High Court sitting in Auchi delivered a judgment ordering the NBC to pay N96,767,737.52 in favour of the plaintiffs.
While $184,236.52 (N76,694,612) was specifically awarded as cost for medical expenses for Abidemi's treatment, R48,779.66 (N1,073,152.52) was awarded for her hotel accommodation and N10million to Mrs Agnes Akele for the death of her husband who was the driver of the car.
The court also awarded N1,500,000 to Obanikoro as expenses incurred on behalf of his late driver and police and another N10,000,000 to the daughter as general damages for her pain and suffering.
Although NBC appealed the quantum of amount awarded in favour of the plaintiffs, Obanikoro through his lawyer, Lawal Pedro, (SAN) registered the judgment before the Lagos High Court since NBC's headquarters is located in Lagos.
Obanikoro subsequently obtained a garnishee order against five banks where NBC accounts are domicile. NBC appealed against the Garnishee order.
Opposing the order, NBC lawyer, Ademola Isaac Olawoye urged the court to set aside the garnishee order as it lacked jurisdiction to hear the matter.
He argued that since an appeal has been filed in respect of the judgment delivered by Edo High Court, no other court can adjudicate on the matter.
In his response, Lawal Pedro, SAN asked the court to disregard the argument of judgment debtor as there is no evidence before the court to show that an appeal has actually been entered against the Edo High Court judgment.
Justice Kazeem Alogba adjourned the matter to July 11, 2017 for ruling.
The post Obanikoro, Coca kola lock horns over N96m judgment debt appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:37 Tax commissioner shows cramped quarters
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:57 Police officer donates bike to help Warner Robins man with his daily commute
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
Tony Packo's has a new home in Sylvania.
The restaurant located on Alexis Road and Monroe Street is now open.
Anyone who has been out in Sylvania probably recognize that the location isn't too far from the old Monroe Street location.
But this Packo's is a next generation Packo's with a drive-thru and a patio area for people to enjoy their food outside.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
The J Show
Apple Music is ready! The new 16 episode series of Carpool Karaoke is almost here and there will be surprised each week. Looks like James Corden is only in ONE episode with Will Smith, the rest will be pairing of your fav celebrities and it looks AMAZING.
Eight members of Grantham United Flying Club sent 194 birds in their race from Newbury.
The first two birds home were those of J. Ramm.
Results: 1 J. Ramm 1415, 2 J. Ramm 1373, 3 D. Parker and son and Rogerson 1371, 4 J. Ramm 1369, 5 D. Parker and son and Rogerson 1357, 6 D. Parker and son and Rogerson 1356, 7 Mr and Mrs L. Gilbert 1355, 8 C. Creighton 1355, 9 D. Parker and son and Rogerson 1348, 10 J. Ablitt 1325, 11 A. J. Gillbard 1261, 12 K. Holllingsworth 1220, 13 J. Rayson 1143.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Australian Health Minister Greg Hunt has apologised for using "strong language"
An Australian government minister has apologised for swearing repeatedly at the mayor of a Northern Territory town.
Health Minister Greg Hunt said he was wrong to use "strong language" during a private conversation with Katherine Mayor Fay Miller in December.
Ms Miller also accused him of wagging his finger in her face. She called his manner "misogynist", an assertion to which Mr Hunt has not responded.
The pair had been discussing funding arrangements for a local health scare.
During the conversation, Ms Miller said Mr Hunt's tone changed after she had asked him for more federal resources.
"I turned on a switch of some sort because he relocated his chair, pointing towards me," she told reporters on Thursday. She said Mr Hunt then swore at her and told her to "get over it".
"And then [he said] more sentences with rude words in them. I did not move because I was absolutely gobsmacked."
She added that the minister "sat back a little in his chair and said, 'I've heard you're feisty'."
Mr Hunt, sometimes discussed as a future leadership aspirant, said he "sincerely" regretted his language.
He said his apology should have come sooner.
"It was my fault and my responsibility," Mr Hunt told reporters on Thursday.
"I accept that and I think it is important for me to both repeat that I have apologised to the mayor but to repeat that apology publicly."
His apology came before Ms Miller accused him of misogyny.
'Misogyny' and Australian politics
In 2012, then Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard famously accused her opposition counterpart, Tony Abbott, of misogyny in a speech in parliament.
It prompted the nation's leading dictionary to update its definition of the word from "hatred of women" to ''entrenched prejudice against women''.
"We decided that we had the basic definition, hatred of women, but that's not how misogyny has been used for about the last 20, 30 years, particularly in feminist language," Macquarie Dictionary editor Sue Butler said at the time.
The topic of the conversation between Mr Hunt and Ms Miller had been a recent leak of chemicals at an army base near Katherine.
The contamination, caused by toxic firefighting foam, sparked fears that water supplies in the town of about 11,000 people may have been compromised.
The Australian government set aside A$5.7m (£3.2m; $4.3m) in December for a community support package.
Art Briles' CFL hire crushed over 'tsunami of negativity' Canadians didn't realize how tainted Art Briles' name has become across the border. Scott Mitchell, the CEO of the Canadian Football League's Hamilton Tiger-Cats, explained To Tuesday why his team felt...
End of rape case revitalizes disgraced Baylor coach's career: lawyer Art Briles may have dug himself a deep grave, but one of college football's biggest villains is eyeing a return from the dead. The disgraced former coach at Baylor thinks...
Disgusting ex-Baylor hoops coach now coaching America's future Disgraced ex-Baylor men's basketball coach Dave Bliss shockingly has been hired by a Las Vegas high school. The Calvary Chapel Christian School confirmed Wednesday that Bliss had not only been named...
Baylor gang rapes were filmed as part of freshman hazing: lawsuit The Baylor football program keeps sinking to new lows, and the latest allegations take the school to what is hopefully its nadir. Baylor University has been hit with a new...
Baylor frat suspended after chanting 'Build that wall' at Mexican-themed party A fraternity at Baylor University has been temporarily suspended after a “culturally insensitive” Mexican-themed party where students reportedly painted their faces brown and dressed as construction workers and maids. The...
Ex-Baylor coach who smeared murdered player loses 2nd chance Former Baylor men's basketball coach Dave Bliss is leaving the spotlight three days after a Showtime documentary further exposed his appalling cover-up after a player's murder. Bliss resigned Monday from his post at...
Chilling audio of disgraced hoops coach trying to smear murdered player Five days after one of his players was found dead, murdered by a teammate, Dave Bliss was hard at work at the coverup to save his own skin. Sitting with assistant...
South Carolina coasts to Elite Eight with shocking Baylor rout When Frank Martin, the South Carolina coach who always looks as if he's about to do Bobby Knight worse than Knight ever did, climbed the interview podium in The Garden...
Can scandal-plagued Baylor get out of the 'MSG Region'? The East Region in The Garden has unofficially been renamed the “Retread Region.” It is the only one to have lost its top two seeds. That might not make this...
DAYTIME traffic is now being let through the Waioeka Gorge, following the significant slip on Sunday, June 24.
NZTA regional transport systems manager Rob Campbell said State Highway 2 through the gorge had re-opened to motorists on Saturday, June 30 at midday.
“The road is open during daylight hours, 7.30am to 5pm,” he said.
“The road is initially open to a single lane during daylight hours at the slip site and there will be stop-go traffic management in place.”
Mr Campbell said the site would be continuously monitored to ensure the area remained safe for people to travel through and that contractors had done a great job at clearing the 7000 cubic metres of material that came down with the slip.
“We need to be confident the slip site is safe before removing all safety precautions,” he said.
Mr Campbell said he understood the frustration of motorists and the impact on the region of this vital route being closed and restricted.
“We have taken the decision to close at night to ensure the safety of the public and our staff,” he said.
“We want to again thank road users and the community for their understanding and patience while we continue to work to get this road fully operational.”
Commenting on news reports where Gisborne Mayor Meng Foon was stated as saying he and other mayors had been unsuccessful in getting to meet with NZTA about the route security through the gorge, Opotiki Mayor John Forbes said he had seen information about a detailed reliability study being undertaken on the highway from Opotiki to Napier.
“I think they have not informed Meng yet, as the solutions and costings are just being finalised.”
Plan your trip
NZTA regional transport systems manager Rob Campbell advises motorists who are travelling outside of daylight hours to use SH5 or SH35 as an alternative route.
“The gorge will have monitored road blocks to ensure drivers do not become stuck in the gorge or attempt to drive through the closed section between 5pm and 7.30am,” he said.
“Please plan your journey and be aware these alternative routes will add significant time to your journey.”
Before setting out to travel through the gorge, motorists are advised to check the www.journeys.nzta.govt.nz website.
Slip reported in Swedish media
ACCORDING to Sweden's largest news website, www.aftonbladet.se, the Waioeka Gorge slip came down in Norway, which would make it the largest slip in the world.
The video showing the slip was promoted as “stone avalanche spreading across a Norwegian road in the mountains”.
“They were able to stop only metres away – filming the close call. See the horror as masses of stones come down.”
According to the Aftonbladet website, the news organisation has permission to play the video only in Sweden, meaning the man who filmed the Waioeka Gorge slip would not be able to watch his own video.
Aftonbladet is taking “fake news” to entirely new and epic proportions.
NATIONAL MP Chris Finlayson has dubbed accusations of a rushed Waitangi Tribunal settlement as “defamatory” and “insulting”.
Mr Finlayson visited the Eastern Bay last Friday with East Coast MP Anne Tolley, where he met with the people of Whakatohea.
His comments came following the Waitangi Tribunal report issued earlier this year, which suggested the settlement Mr Finlayson had reached was rushed for political agendas.
“I've worked very hard with them over many years to get to a settlement, and we signed the agreement in principle at Pipitia Marae in Wellington, about August last year,” Mr Finlayson said.
“Treaty settlements are not commercial deals. They are much more than that.
“I am on record as saying [the tribunal report] is riddled with errors and is unfair to Whakatohea.
“I worried that the people of Whakatohea might be hurt by those remarks, but they're a resilient bunch,” he said.
Mr Finlayson said he felt their meeting on Friday had gone “very well” and he had enjoyed catching up.
“[The people of Whakatohea] will now test the extent of their mandate, and I'm pretty sure
I have a good idea of what the result will be.”
Despite not having any family roots in the Eastern Bay, Mr Finlayson said he did have a history with the area.
Thirty years ago, during Mr Finlayson's early career in law, he was approached by Opotiki law firm Potts and Hodgeson and asked to act for Te Hutu Hapu.
“It was the first time I had ever had any involvement with litigation affecting iwi or hapu,” he said.
“The opportunity to undo some of the injustices that were done here in the past was something that was very important to me.”
Over the years, Mr Finlayson has had other involvements with the people of the Eastern Bay, including Opotiki.
“It's a part of the world that I love.”
Having previously worked on a wharf issue in the Chatham Islands, and pushing proposals for its repair, Mr Finlayson and Mrs Tolley agreed that the National Party was in full support of another proposal for the Opotiki harbour development.
“With all the aquaculture here, a wharf is an important piece of infrastructure for the region.
“The prevailing view is, we're very supportive.”
james.sandbrook@whakatanebeacon.co.nz
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pensioner was seriously assaulted in a late night attack in an alleyway near to Sanderstead train station earlier this month.
Police in Croydon are appealing for witnesses after a 69-year-old man was attacked on the footpath between Mayfield Road and Heathhurst Road, just yards from the train station, on May 21.
The incident is said to have happened at 10.50pm, police have said.
Croydon MPS, who provide regular policing updates for the borough on Twitter, have appealed to members of the public for witnesses to come forward.
The tweet, posted on Wednesday afternoon (May 30), said: “Did you see anything? Serious assault on 69 year old male at Sanderstead train station in alleyway between Mayfield Road and Heathhurst Road on 21/05/2018 at around 10:50PM.
“Any information? Reply or call 101 Met Police or Crimestoppers".
Anyone who knows anything that will assist police with their enquiries is asked to call the Met Police on 101.
Alternatively, to give information anonymously contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
Welcome to Adam Wilk's Itinerary from hell.
Leave Las Vegas with the Triple-A 51s at 7 a.m. Saturday. Fly to Denver. Connect to Albuquerque. Find hotel room not ready. Mingle in lobby. Check into room. Go to field and play catch. Learn you are needed in New York. Zip back to hotel, shower, fly to Los Angeles. Leave LAX at midnight for New York and arrive at 8:30 a.m. Sunday. Go straight to Citi Field. Start 1:10 p.m. game and face Giancarlo Stanton in the first inning.
And suffer the loss in a 7-0 Mets defeat to the Marlins, when the Mets supply one single's worth of offensive support.
“It is tough. Obviously, didn't get a whole lot of sleep. Tried to sleep wherever I could, on the plane or sitting in the airport,” said Wilk, the 29-year-old lefty, who had previous MLB stints with the Tigers and Angels. “But I don't want to make any excuses. I should have made better pitches. I've got to get out there and make better pitches and get guys out.”
Wilk was the fill-in for Matt Harvey, whose three-day suspension for violating team rules was announced by the team before the game. When Wilk was summoned Saturday, he had no idea what was up, other than he would pitch if Harvey could not. Wilk did not learn he was starting until shortly before taking off on the red-eye out of Los Angeles.
see also Who Matt Harvey screwed over the most After Marlins shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria crushed a 1-0 pitch from...
“I knew I was starting in his spot. What I was told was that if he doesn't pitch, I'm going to start,” Wilk said. “I didn't know if he was hurt or if he was this or that or what ended up being he broke a team rule so they suspended him. I didn't know anything about that until this morning so I prepared myself the best I could to start.”
It was his first start since April 25, 2012.
“They have a very good lineup,” manager Terry Collins said of the Marlins. “Plus, he flew all night, late notice yesterday. Pretty tough situation to put him in, but it's what we had to do.”
Wilk pitched 3 ²/₃ innings and allowed six runs, five earned, and eight hits — three of them homers, two by Stanton, who mashed a couple breaking balls.
“I wouldn't necessarily say I felt off. I put everything I could into it,” Wilk said. “Light on sleep, but I think the pitches were doing all right. I threw the ball mostly down the strike zone. They swung the bat well.”
Image copyright Getty Images
Christy Reid and Heather Mason walk up and down Thailand's famous Maya Bay trying to get the perfect picture for their Instagram.
However, it's tough for the British tourists to get a photo where it looks like they're the only ones in it.
"We came here and didn't think it would be this busy," says Christie. "It's still stunning though."
But from June 1 the beach - made famous by Danny Boyle's film The Beach - is to close to tourists for the first time.
Thai authorities are giving the short strip of sand on the island of Ko Phi Phi a chance to recover from the strain of thousands of daily visitors.
Image caption Christy Reed, 22, and Heather Mason, 20, are friends from the UK who want the perfect Thailand photo
Environmentalists say years of increasing tourism has caused damage to Maya Bay and it's surroundings.
"We are a beautiful country but we have to protect our natural resources," says Thon Thamrongnawasawat, an advisor to Thailand's National Parks department.
"We have significant information that all the boats that come in and out really impact the coral reef.
"We won't close it to tourism forever but have to do something to save our sea, and we have to start at Maya Bay."
Even if you've never seen the 1998 film with Leonardo DiCaprio, Maya Bay has become a bucket list destination for travellers, gap year students and holidaymakers.
The country continues to increase in popularity too with 467,000 visits by UK tourists in 2016.
Most of those who visit Maya Bay only stay for a couple of hours. They have a paddle, a stroll and a selfie - but it's not quite the paradise they'd imagined.
Lara Vogelsberg, 23, from Cologne thinks what you see and what you get are very different.
"The beach in the film is very relaxing, there are no people to be seen, and you get this idea of a very lonely place in the middle of nowhere.
"Then you come here and you think you're in Times Square in New York."
The beach is stunning but definitely not relaxing.
There's the constant sound of the speedboat engines, their propellers churn up the water and it's hard to get a patch of the sand to yourself.
The area is generally clean but there are still some pockets of litter which tourists leave behind.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption People love a selfie on Maya Bay
Image caption Mel Sukonik and Ariane Benedetto (right) visited for the day with their friends from the US
Tourism is one of Thailand's biggest sources of income so Maya Bay is being closed during the relatively low season, until September 30.
Its Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation issued a notice saying it realised "the deterioration of the ecosystem in the area of Maya Bay".
When it reopens later this year, it's thought the number of people allowed to visit the beach will be reduced.
Kerri Arnold and Kendal Corgile are visiting from Atlanta, Georgia, and describe it as "hectic but beautiful".
"I didn't realise how busy the beach would be but shutting it temporarily is a great idea. It's crazy how many boats there are. I'm just glad I got to see it."
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
Netflix Inc.'s stock is famously volatile, seeing big swings in both directions as investors weigh its notoriously high valuation against one of the past decade's most successful growth stories. However, even traders who thrive on the company's gyrations may be underestimating how much the company could move in coming weeks.
According to Goldman Sachs, options on Netflix NFLX, -0.81% shares currently imply the stock will move 7% (either up or down) when it reports its quarterly results on July 19. Such a swing would be sizable for the shares lot of companies, but that 7% expectation is lower the 11% median post-earnings move Netflix has seen over its past eight quarters.
If investors want to bet that Netflix's stock will be as volatile after results as it has been over the past two years, Goldman recommends they buy a “straddle” option. A straddle is an options strategy where an investor buys a bullish call option and a bearish put option at the same strike price, betting that a stock will move by a certain amount, rather than in a particular direction. It is essentially a bet on stock volatility.
Read: My dad talked me out of the decade's best investment, but he wasn't wrong
See also: Amazon stock options traders defying history.
“Buying the Netflix straddle one month ahead of earnings has generated an average profit of 23% and was profitable in 55% of the quarters going back 10 years,” the firm wrote in a note to clients, adding that “the July monthly expiration straddle that could capture the earnings report costs just 10%, despite capturing 27 additional trading days where shares have realized an average daily move of 1.3%” in both directions.
FactSet, MarketWatch
Netflix could be poised for another volatile move after its earnings, as investors seem to have grown increasingly skeptical over the stock's valuation. After hitting record territory earlier this year, it recently dropped into correction territory, defined as a 10% drop from a peak. The company has also recently canceled some of its original shows, implying that the size of their audience wasn't enough to justify their cost.
Despite the recent weakness, which has taken shares down more than 7% thus far in June, Netflix is up more than 22% thus far in 2017, and it has surged more than 61% over the past 12 months.
In comparison, the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.21% has gained 8.7% year to date, and 17% in the past year.
NY inmates crush Harvard's title-winning debate team BOSTON — Months after winning a national title, Harvard's debate team has fallen to a group of New York inmates. The showdown took place at the Eastern New York Correctional...
Teens on NYC board 'looking to change the world' These teenagers aren't bored, they're on the board. Leila Eliot was just appointed by Manhattan Borough President Gale Brewer to the Lower East Side's Community Board 3, and she's only...
Natalie Merchant's upstate New York “I haven't been outside in six months,” jokes Natalie Merchant of the brutal winter upstate. But the Jamestown-born singer, who lives in Ulster County with her 10-year-old daughter, is stirring...
Spending a night on the town for Valentine's Day can be fun — but there's nothing wrong with a little Netflix (or HBO/Hulu/etc.) and chill. These shows are good enough...
[embedded content]
Actor Gary Sinise was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on Monday, as he was honored for decades of acting and decades of activism in support of the troops.
Sinise starred in several memorable roles, including Lt. Dan Taylor in “Forrest Gump,” Det. Mac Taylor in “CSI:NY,” ruthless kidnapper Jimmy Shaker in Mel Gibson's “Ransom,” and George in the film adaptation of John Steinbeck's “Of Mice & Men.”
Playing off his memorable “Forrest Gump” character, Sinise is the frontman for the “Lieutenant Dan Band,” which tours all over the world in support of active-duty servicemembers.
Sinise, 62, was praised at the Hollywood ceremony for his work with the band, as well as the Gary Sinise Foundation, which funds programs to help veterans.
Wounded Warriors Toss First Pitch in Boston to Raise Mental Health Awareness
Lawyer Defends Conspiracy Theorist Alex Jones: ‘He's Playing a Character' on Air
Sanders Heads to Red States, Says Dems Need Support Beyond the Coasts
“There's no living person in our industry that does more for our military than Gary Sinise,” actor and CBS colleague Joe Mantegna said.
Congratulations to @GarySinise, a longtime supporter of veterans, on his Hollywood Walk of Fame star! @wofstargirl https://t.co/9l75ZRLoHp — U.S. Dept of Defense (@DeptofDefense) April 17, 2017
Sinise's work on behalf of the military also drew comparisons to the late Bob Hope, who was widely known for his work with the United Service Organization (USO).
He is also active with the RISE program, which reconstructs homes to accommodate wounded warriors when they return stateside.
Sinise and Mantegna co-host the annual National Memorial Day Concert, broadcast nationwide from Capitol Hill.
At the ceremony, he was introduced by Los Angeles Councilman Mitch O'Farrell (D), who called him an “amazing human being.”
Report: Arrests of Illegal Immigrants Jumped 32% in Trump's First Months
LOOK: President Trump, First Lady & Barron Kick Off 139th Easter Egg Roll
Media Analyst Calls Out MSNBC Reporter's ‘Brazen' Questions to Debra Messing
State schools could benefit from the same freedom to run their affairs as independent schools enjoy, says Loretto School Headmaster, Dr Graham Hawley.
The Headmaster of one of Scotland's leading independent schools has claimed years of government interference in the state education system has left teachers feeling they “can't be trusted.”
Dr Graham Hawley says the aim of his school is to "put the child right at the heart of education".
Dr Graham Hawley, Headmaster of Loretto School in Musselburgh, a coeducational boarding and day school, said no other profession comes under similar state interference and scrutiny, leaving highly skilled professionals with the impression that the state doesn't trust them to do their jobs.
He argued that the government should shift focus from becoming involved in day to day education affairs, and instead set its sights on the robustness of the national exam system.
He said: “It's rare to go more than two or three years without some sort of changes imposed by the state, whether it's to the exam system or the curriculum.
“I think education is arguably more impacted from politicians than other areas of life.
Loretto School is the country's oldest boarding school
“The outcome is a sense that teachers or the teaching profession is perhaps not trusted to the same extent by state and government as other professions.”
Dr Hawley, who runs the 600 pupil independent school, said controversial new proposals to hand state school head teachers more power to run their own affairs echoed the highly successful independent school model, and could give new freedom to focus on the needs of pupils.
Last month Scottish Education Secretary John Swinney unveiled his plans to give head teachers control of their schools' management and staffing structure, budgets and curriculum.
The proposed changes echo the tried and tested independent school system, where head teachers work with boards of governance to run their school in a way that responds directly to their pupils' needs.
However while greater autonomy for state schools has been broadly welcomed, there have been concerns among some that the new system would propel senior school staff into the firing line, making them personally responsible for turning the tide of Scotland's ailing education system and deflecting criticism for poor exam results from the Scottish government.
Dr Hawley's comments came as the International Council of Education Advisers (ICEA) warned the Scottish Government against “becoming too focussed on changing the structure of the education system when, arguably, the more important aspects are the culture and capacity within the system.”
Dr Hawley added: “Our aim at Loretto School is to put the child right at the heart of education. For that to work well there has to be a good relationship between the school and parents, with the child in the middle.
“It seems to me that if you add an additional body to that – politicians, the state, government - you lose touch with the child. The school and parents see the child day to day and understand what their needs are.”
Last year Loretto School ranked in the top five schools in Scotland for A Level results, and is in the top seven per cent of schools nationally for its value-added scores.
While his school operates under the English exam system of A Levels and GCSEs, Dr Hawley said colleagues working in the Scottish system feel the government's efforts should focus on the SQA and ensuring examination marking is more robust.
“That's something the state should play a role in,” he added, “but day to day curriculum and the hiring of staff should be within control of head teachers.
“As a profession there's a feeling that there's greater input, interference and constant change that other professionals don't experience.
“A natural consequence is a sense that government doesn't feel that teachers and head teachers can just get on with the job of teaching, and they are restricted to a large extent by frequent government initiatives, red tape and bureaucracy that draws resources away from business.”
Loretto School in Musselburgh, East Lothian is one of Scotland's oldest independent schools. School open mornings will be held on Saturday, September 16 for the Junior School, and Saturday, September 30 for the Senior School. Visit www.loretto.com for details.
SACRAMENTO — California water officials say they have awarded a contract to repair Oroville Dam's two damaged spillways to a Nebraska construction company.
Related Articles Oroville Dam: 3 bids received to fix damaged spillways
Oroville Dam: Water flowing down damaged main spillway again
Oroville Dam: More flow, more questions being asked
Oroville Dam: Water releases to resume at damaged spillway
Oroville Dam document secrecy frustrating lawmakers The Department of Water Resources announced Monday that Kiewit Corp. of Omaha was awarded a $275 million contract to repair the state's second largest reservoir.
Kiewit made the lowest bid of the three companies but its offer is still higher than the $231 million estimated by the department. The department said Saturday it estimated repair costs at $220 million but corrected that figure on Monday after finding an error.
Officials have said they want to have the work done by Nov. 1.
In February, authorities ordered the evacuation of 188,000 people downstream after surging releases of water tore away big chunks of the spillways.
On the same day Time Inc. decided to end a...
Mayor Bill de Blasio gives the key to the city to Dwight "Doc" Gooden at City Hall.
Dwight Gooden finally got his golden moment at City Hall — 31 years late.
More than 30 years ­after the Mets great ­famously missed the team's 1986 ticker-tape parade and City Hall celebration after he got blitzed the night before, Mayor de Blasio presented him with a key to the city.
“This is one of the ultimate comeback stories,” de Blasio said during a ceremony in City Hall plaza honoring Gooden and the Mets' last championship team.
“There was a time when Doc didn't know if he'd make it to the age of 50, but he gritted it out the same way he did in tough games,” he said.
Gooden told former Mets teammates — including Darryl Strawberry, Jesse Orosco and Bobby Ojeda — and hundreds of fans that the ceremony will help him put to rest a dark chapter in his life.
“Today I can close that wound. I can fill that void with love, and peace and joy. That's because of you guys believing in me even when I didn't believe in myself.”
Gooden also thanked sports journalist Amy Heart, who helped coordinate the event as part of a documentary film she is producing about Gooden and Strawberry.
It was Heart who also convinced Gooden to make peace with Strawberry two months ago.
“I didn't think it would happen,” said Gooden.
Their feud stemmed from Strawberry last year claiming the 1985 Cy Young Award winner and 1984 Rookie of the Year needed help again for his drug addiction.
Gooden said he wasn't using cocaine again and hadn't for years.
JUNEAU, Alaska — An Alaska lawmaker is resigning after being accused of hitting a woman during a night of drinking last month, the second House Democrat and rural Alaska representative to leave office under a cloud in recent months.
The resignation of first-term state Rep. Zach Fansler of Bethel was announced on the House floor Friday and will be effective Feb. 12.
Fansler faced pressure to resign from House leaders for nearly a week, following a Juneau Empire report last Saturday that a woman had accused him of slapping her hard enough to rupture an eardrum shortly before the legislative session began last month.
Fansler's attorney, Wally Tetlow, told The Associated Press on Friday that Fansler is innocent of the allegations against him. He said they are co-operating with the investigation and have been in communication with the district attorney's office. No charges have been filed. Tetlow referred to initial reporting on the matter as “extremely misleading.”
Fansler, in his resignation letter, said he was resigning to dedicate more time to “personal matters.” He said his constituents deserve a representative who can devote his or her full time to issues affecting the district.
“Unfortunately, I am unable to do so at this time,” he wrote.
Fansler had missed committee hearings and floor sessions since the allegations became public.
House Speaker Bryce Edgmon told reporters earlier Friday that he had spoken with Fansler “at least a couple of times” this week and made it clear that the caucus continued to seek his resignation.
Edgmon, a Democrat from Dillingham, said Fansler did good work as a legislator and it's been a difficult issue for Fansler, the caucus and Fansler's district.
House Majority Leader Chris Tuck, in a statement, said that while Fansler was “well liked and respected, his actions were counter to our shared values. We felt the decisive action of calling for his resignation had to be taken to maintain the public trust.”
Fansler's departure means the House will have another vacancy. Fansler is the second member since December to resign from the House majority coalition, which is comprised largely of Democrats.
In December, another first-term representative, Democrat Dean Westlake of Kotzebue, resigned after being accused by female aides of unwanted touching and inappropriate comments. Westlake has said he's sorry if he made anyone uncomfortable.
Westlake's replacement took office on Wednesday.
Fansler and Westlake each defeated Democrats who caucused with Republicans when the GOP held control of the House. After the 2016 elections Democrats wrested back control of the 40-member House, cobbling together a fragile, 22-member majority that includes three Republicans and two independents.
Under state law, Fansler's replacement must also be a Democrat and Gov. Bill Walker will have 30 days from the date of the vacancy to appoint Fansler's successor. The successor will have to be confirmed by House Democrats.
Image copyright Reuters
What are your business goals this year? We have all been there. Heads are crouched over computer screens, not a sound comes from the cubicles, no-one has gone to the kitchen for hours.
The only sound is the gentle taping of keyboards, as the boss sits amazed at the studious efficiency of their staff.
Then ... dreams are shattered, as with one roar the office erupts into a World Cup goal celebration.
So, what exactly should bosses do about their staff watching games?
We can't all go down the pub for every match - the nation would grind to a halt.
And yet banning any and all mention of the games at work is becoming increasingly difficult.
You can follow the games online, on Twitter, WhatsApp and Facebook, everyone's mobile phone has a dozen ways of keeping a luddite with app-phobia abreast of the second reserve keeper's ligament problems.
Of course there are plenty of experts out there - lawyers, HR professionals and business gurus - willing to offer advice. They range from organising a TV for the office and giving in to the inevitable, to the other, more-draconian, end of the spectrum.
If your staff are discussing the weakness of the Belgium back four too much, treat it just like they are talking about Love Island for too long.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption These workers at a market in Cali made no attempt to conceal their World Cup viewing when Colombia played Senegal during the World Cup
Remind them they are here to work - and if they complain take them aside for a one-to-one briefing on why they should be doing what you ask them to do, followed of course by a follow-up phone call with Kevin in HR.
Are some of your staff failing to turn up the day after an England game, because of a headache? Why not chase them down, confront them and give them a written warning.
On the other hand, the trade unions have been a bit more responsible this time.
During the 2006 World Cup (the last time England reached the quarter finals), the Amicus union gave members advice on how to throw a "sickie" when England were playing. It even went as far as suggesting how members might then deal with any disciplinary proceedings.
However, if you do feel compelled to watch or listen to games at work, here are a list of do and don'ts that may be sensible to follow.
DON'T wear team colours, replica shirts or come to work with a vuvuzela
DO keep a screen with your work on open at all times (you might even like to use it occasionally in case the boss is on the prowl)
DON'T make a cup of tea or coffee five minutes before kick-off - the queue at the kettle is a bit of a giveaway
DO try to do some work; half time is always an ideal opportunity for a little light filing
DON'T leap to your feet, screaming "YES GET IN YOU BEAUTY!!!!!!". It is difficult to pass off as normal in any newsroom I've worked in, let alone the Accounts Department.
Finally, there is an "escape to victory" for all workers. Does your boss shut their door during matches, wear headphones, chew their nails and fist pump - at all the right times?
If so, they may be easier to get around than a Panamanian goalkeeper.
And heaven forbid catching them celebrating on your smartphone.
Watch England take on Sweden on Saturday across the BBC. The game at the Samara Arena will kick off at 15:00 BST, live on BBC One, BBC iPlayer, BBC Radio 5 live and BBC Sport online.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
2:22 Levine Museum exhibit seeks understanding of protests
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
Lofty valuations and record U.S. corporate debt make rising bond yields a risk to the stock market, according to Andrew Lapthorne, head of global quantitative research at Société Générale.
Investors have shrugged off increasingly expensive U.S. stocks in recent years for a number of reasons, including solid earnings, low interest rates and nearly absent inflation. But as both yields and inflation rise, earnings might not be enough to propel stocks higher.
A correction in February that sent the S&P 500 SPX, -1.37% down more than 10% combined with a near-20% expected increase in earning growth has lowered the trailing and forward price to earnings ratios. However, both measures remain above historical averages.
According to FactSet, the 12-month forward PE of the S&P 500 is at 18.5, far above the 5-year or 10-year averages at 16 and 14.2, respectively.
Lapthorne said high U.S. corporate debt is one of the reason why investors are concerned about rising borrowing costs.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.47% , a benchmark for interest rates touched and briefly traded slightly above 3% for the first time in more than four years on Tuesday, and remains near 2.98%. That's still historically low. But higher rates and rising debt servicing costs could present a challenge to U.S. companies, whose leverage is at record levels.
According to FactSet, the total debt to total equity ratio is at 95.5, the highest level since 1999. In February, S&P Global Ratings warned that the number of defaults by heavily indebted companies could rise significantly amid tightening credit conditions.
In a chart below, they show that U.S. companies (excluding technology firms) have continued to borrow in capital markets while Japanese companies de-levered.
Higher debt servicing costs could diminish the pace of buybacks, though that has yet to happen. In 2017, S&P 500 companies spent more than half a trillion dollars on buybacks. Goldman Sachs analysts expect companies to spend $650 billion this year.
In a note, Lapthorne said he expects the downward trend in share buybacks “to continue in 2018 (contrary to all the zero obligation buyback announcements), for the simple reason that most companies simply cannot afford them.”
Lapthorne has other reasons for being cautious about U.S. equities.
The relationship between quality stocks or bond proxies (usually defensive sectors such as consumer staples or utilities) and bonds is positive, while a “cyclically exposed value factor has a consistently negative correlation,” he said.
Indeed, as yields declined over the past several years, prices of quality stocks soared, taking their valuations to near record levels. However, over the past three months, defensive sectors, such as consumer staples suffered the most. The S&P 500 consumer staples sector fell 15% over the past three months, compared with 6.8% decline for the broader index.
“In the S&P 500, for example, our equal-weighted value factor represents just 15% of the market cap. Quality on the other hand makes up 30% of the index. The risk is that as bond yields head higher, the valuation headwind on expensive quality stocks overwhelms the cyclical EPS growth required to push value factors forward,” Lapthorne said.
In other words, earnings alone aren't enough to push prices higher, however they may just be enough to keep stocks from falling for now.
“Stocks would be down a lot more if it weren't for earnings growth. It is this double-digit increase in profits that is keeping the floor under the stock market,” said Kate Warne, investment strategist at Edward Jones.
Warne said that the potential for a surprise in inflation is a lot bigger, which is why investors are concerned about it.
“Investors already knew that earnings would be great and companies would beat the solid double-digit returns. So, there was not a whole lot of unpredictability there. However, people aren't sure if the next move in inflation will be up or down,” Warne said.
There are many reasons for the yield on the 10-year Treasury note to rise, including huge fiscal deficits that mean an increase in government borrowing, and the continued unwinding of the Federal Reserve's balance sheet.
But any meaningful selloff in equities could also send investors scurrying back to safe assets, such as long-dated Treasurys, pushing yields lower.
Meanwhile, inflation is ticking up. The Fed's preferred measure of inflation, the personal-consumption expenditures index in the 12 months ending in February, was at 1.8%. At current pace, it is likely to reach or exceed the Fed's target of 2% fairly soon, especially if commodity prices continue to rise due to a combination of factors, including rising trade tensions.
Warne said that forward valuations, which are lower now than they were a year ago, present long-term, rather than short-term, risk to equities in the form of lower returns.
“Considering solid earnings, our outlook for stocks this year hasn't changed—we still expect stocks to climb this year. However, given where valuations are, investors should be more careful about long-term returns, which are likely to be lower than what we have become accustomed to over the past several years,” Warne said.
U.S. stock-index futures pointed to a slightly higher open on Monday as investors looked ahead to an upcoming meeting by the Federal Reserve and looked for more clarity following an explosion in New York City, which could add an element of uncertainty into the markets.
What are futures doing?
Dow Jones Industrial Average futures YMZ7, +0.16% gained 46 points, or 0.2%, to 24,382, while S&P 500 index ESZ7, +0.07% futures were up about 2 points to 2,655.75. Nasdaq-100 index futures NQZ7, +0.12% climbed about 7 points to 6,366, a gain of less than 0.1%.
On Friday, the Dow industrials DJIA, +0.49% rose 0.5% to close at 24,329.16, while the S&P 500 SPX, +0.55% added 0.6% to 2,651.50. Both indexes ended at records after stronger-than-expected November nonfarm-payroll data. The Nasdaq Composite COMP, +0.40% closed about 1 percentage point off its own record close, at 6,840.08.
What's driving the markets?
Investors are focusing on the Federal Reserve's two-day meeting, with an updated policy statement set to be released on two days. The central bank is largely expected to deliver its third and last interest-rate hike for 2017.
See: Fed getting ready to hike as retail sales, but not inflation, picks up
And read: Stock-market investors aren't afraid of the Fed anymore
It is a busy week for central banks, with the European Central Bank and the Bank of England also scheduled to make policy announcements later in the week.
A reading on job openings for October is due at 10 a.m. Eastern Time Monday, but the key economic release this week will be November producer prices on Tuesday, and the November inflation data Wednesday.
In New York, a would-be suicide bomber set off a device at the Port Authority bus terminal, law enforcement sources said. There was at least one injury and the wounded was the suspect. He was taken to Bellevue Hospital, according to reports. His identity was not immediately known.
What are analysts saying?
“This market has dealt with fires in Napa, two hurricanes, and now this attack, and we just keep rolling along. I think markets will take this right in step and that the rally will stay on its trajectory,” said Kevin Miller, chief executive officer of Systelligence LLC, who oversees the E-Valuator Risk Managed Strategy mutual funds.
“Normally you would expect a huge pullback in an environment like this, but there are a lot of reasons this rally is sustainable, and if the tax bill gets passed, the market will continue to go higher.”
Which stocks are in focus?
Shares of insurers such as Travelers Companies Inc. TRV, +0.19% and Allstate Corp. ALL, +0.38% may be active after wildfires in Southern California worsened, forcing fresh evacuations in two wealthy communities in Santa Barbara County.
Those insurers are already facing millions of dollars of losses related to October wildfires in Northern California's Wine Country.
3M Co. MMM, -0.90% said it would sell almost all its communication markets business for $900 million.
Riot Blockchain Inc. RIOT, +8.63% said its TessPay Inc. unit had signed a non-binding letter of intent to merge with Canada's Cresval Capital Corp. CRV, +25.00% Riot Blockchain shares were up 23% in premarket trade.
Read: Ascension, Providence St. Joseph Health merger would create largest U.S. hospital operator
And: What stock-market sector looks good in 2018? Think planes, trains and automobiles
What are other markets doing?
Bitcoin should stay in the spotlight on Monday, after futures contracts for the cryptocurrency began trading on Cboe Global Market Inc.'s exchange on Sunday at 6 p.m. Eastern Time.
The launch that was accompanied by heavy traffic and a sharp move higher. That volatility triggered two circuit breakers—a two-minute halt after a 10% price jump not too long after trading began, and then a five-minute halt a few hours later, after a 20% price surge.
January bitcoin futures XBTF8, +0.00% last changed hands at $17,600, up from a debut price of $15,000. The price of bitcoin itself was moving higher, in step with futures, rising 10% to $16,565.89, according to CoinDesk.
Read: Bitcoin futures are now open—here's what you need to know to trade
Meanwhile, Asian stocks ADOW, +0.20% closed higher, led by a 1.1% gain for the Hong Kong Hang Seng Index HSI, +1.14% while Europe's Stoxx 600 index SXXP, +0.08% was trading flat.
Crude-oil prices CLF8, +0.30% fell 0.4% to $57.13 a barrel, while gold prices GCG8, +0.07% rose 0.3% to $1,252.40 an ounce.
The ICE Dollar Index DXY, -0.07% was off 0.2% at 93.748.
The data-analysis company that did work for Donald Trump's presidential campaign bragged about going to crook lengths — including using Ukrainian sex workers, cash bribes and fake IDs — to secretly swing elections, according to a report Monday.
Alexander Nix, the chief executive of Cambridge Analytica, was caught on tape boasting to an undercover reporter for Channel 4 News in the UK about how his firm works “in the shadows.”
“It sounds a dreadful thing to say, but these are things that don't necessarily need to be true as long as they're believed,” he told the reporter, according to the Guardian.
The reporter was posing as a fixer for a wealthy client working to get candidates elected in Sri Lanka. The potentially damning exchanges were recorded between November 2017 and January 2018.
When asked about smearing an opposing candidate, Nix proposed using “very beautiful” Ukrainian woman and said his company could “send some girls around to the candidate's house.”
“I find that works very well,” he said.
In another exchange, Nix suggested using cash.
“We'll offer a large amount of money to the candidate, to finance his campaign in exchange for land for instance,” he said. “We'll have the whole thing recorded, we'll blank out the face of our guy and we post it on the Internet.”
Nix told the reporter, “…we're used to operating through different vehicles, in the shadows, and I look forward to building a very long-term and secretive relationship with you.”
He also told the reporter that his company works with ex-spies from Britain and Israel to dig up political dirt on candidates, according to the Guardian.
Nix and other executives bragged that Cambridge Analytica and its parent company Strategic Communications Laboratories worked in more than 200 elections across the globe, including in Nigeria, Kenya, the Czech Republic, India and Argentina.
“…Many of our clients don't want to be seen to be working with a foreign company… so often we set up, if we are working then we can set up fake IDs and websites, we can be students doing research projects attached to a university, we can be tourists, there are so many options we can look at,” Nix explained. “I have lots of experience in this.”
The meetings with the undercover journalist also included Mark Turnbull, the managing director of CA Political Global, who described discreetly planting the damaging information online.
“… we just put information into the bloodstream of the internet, and then, and then watch it grow, give it a little push every now and again… like a remote control,” Turnbull said. “It has to happen without anyone thinking, ‘That's propaganda', because the moment you think ‘That's propaganda', the next question is, ‘who's put that out?'”
Cambridge Analytica, which was hired by the Trump campaign, is accused of improperly obtaining information for 50 million Facebook users.
Facebook has since suspended Cambridge Analytica and SCL.
On Monday, UK Information Commissioner Elizabeth Denham told Channel 4 News that she was seeking a warrant to search Cambridge Analytica's London offices Tuesday.
“I think we should all be shocked by this,” Denham said.
Facebook also announced Monday that it hired Stroz Friedberg, a digital forensics firm, to conduct an audit into Cambridge Analytica.
Facebook said the company agreed to comply and open up its servers and systems to Stroz Friedberg.
It asked two other people involved, Christopher Wylie and Aleksandr Kogan, to also comply with the audit. Kogan agreed, while Wylie declined.
“This is part of a comprehensive internal and external review that we are conducting to determine the accuracy of the claims that the Facebook data in question still exists,” Facebook said in a post. “This is data Cambridge Analytica, SCL, Mr. Wylie, and Mr. Kogan certified to Facebook had been destroyed. If this data still exists, it would be a grave violation of Facebook's policies and an unacceptable violation of trust and the commitments these groups made.”
Cambridge Analytica has denied any wrongdoing and has claimed SCL hired Kogan for a “large scale research project in the US.” The company has claimed its deleted all of the user data it received from Kogan's company.
Cambridge Analytica vehemently denied Channel 4's report.
“We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment, bribes, or so-called ‘honey-traps' for any purpose whatsoever…” a spokesman said. “We routinely undertake conversations with prospective clients to try to tease out any unethical or illegal intentions…”
He added, “Cambridge Analytica does not use untrue material for any purpose.”
Public menorah lightings for the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah are planned around the world in locations ranging from ski towns and Caribbean islands to famous landmarks and sports arenas.
Hanukkah begins Tuesday night and lasts for eight days.
If you're travelling or vacationing during the holiday, there may be a menorah lighting near you. The Jewish outreach organization Chabad-Lubavitch plans Hanukkah events in hundreds of cities, from the 50 U.S. states to 100 countries.
Celebrations in Vail, Colorado, will include menorahs made from skis. In New Mexico, organizers hope to create a one-of-a-kind menorah made from hot-air balloons on Dec. 17 in Albuquerque's Balloon Fiesta Park, which hosts the International Balloon Fiesta each October. Vacationers in destinations like Cancun, Mexico, and Aruba will also have menorah lightings to attend, along with one in Curacao, home to the oldest synagogue in the Western Hemisphere dating to 1732.
Many ceremonies will take place in front of landmarks, including the White House in Washington, D.C., Eiffel Tower in Paris, the Kremlin in Moscow and Germany's Brandenburg Gate. London's Trafalgar Square will host a 30-foot (9-meter) menorah outfitted with specially designed environmentally friendly bulbs, commissioned by the London Climate Change Agency.
The world's largest menorah, standing 36 feet high (11 metres), will be lit just outside Central Park in New York City across from the Plaza Hotel at Grand Army Plaza. That menorah lighting began in 1977 and marks its 40th consecutive year this month.
Sports arenas are also hosting Hanukkah events, including the NBA arenas of the Brooklyn Nets, Orlando Magic, Miami Heat, Houston Rockets, Dallas Mavericks, Golden State Warriors, Phoenix Suns and Atlanta Hawks; the NHL arenas of the Arizona Coyotes, New York Islanders, Nashville Predators, Tampa Bay Lightning, New Jersey Devils and Columbus Blue Jackets; and the NFL stadium of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Thousands of people are expected Dec. 18 for a Hanukkah concert and menorah lighting at Gulfstream Park, the horse racing track in Hallandale Beach, Florida, near Miami.
Elsewhere around the world, events are expected in countries ranging from Australia to Laos to Uganda to Argentina.
Listings by location may be found at http://www.Chabad.org/HanukkahEvents .
ALBANY — A top state lawmaker says that if New York legalizes recreational marijuana it should also consider expunging marijuana-related criminal records that can make it harder for many people to find jobs or housing.
Democratic state Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie told reporters Wednesday that he wants to broaden the debate about legalizing marijuana to include proposals to help those still struggling in the shadow of past criminal convictions for the drug.
A state task force created by Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo is poised to release a report on possible legalization. Bills that would subject marijuana use to regulations and taxes have long been introduced in the Legislature and are getting fresh attention in the face of evolving attitudes about marijuana.
By JOHN PYE
AP Sports Writer
BRISBANE, Australia (AP) - Jeff Horn's reward for a successful first title defense since a contentious win over Manny Pacquiao could be a potential bout with Terence Crawford.
A failure could send him back into boxing obscurity.
Horn wants to use his WBO welterweight title defense against Gary Corcoran on Wednesday to dispel any notion that he got a hometown decision against Pacquiao in Brisbane last July. If he gets his way, it could set him up for a big 2018.
Top Rank promoter Bob Arum attended Tuesday's weigh-in and said a win here "will lead to massive fights coming next year."
"I think Pacquiao is going to return to the ring. Terence Crawford will be the mandatory for this fight. The biggest building in Las Vegas is on hold for this fight," Arum said. "Going to have a tremendous year in the welterweight division and these two participants ... will be giving it their all to see who will go ahead as part of these major programs that will take place next year."
Horn, now unbeaten in 18 bouts, knows what it's like to be given no chance of beating the champion, so he is trying to think only about Corcoran at the Brisbane Convention Centre. That's not far from where he beat Pacquiao in front of more than 51,000 fans in an outdoor bout at a regular rugby venue.
"I've got until after this fight to start having discussions," he said. "He's definitely a possibility if I can manage to get through Gary first."
The Australian former schoolteacher was written off before taking on Pacquiao (59-7-2), but pressured the eight-division champion for 12 rounds in an upset that changed the trajectory of his career.
Pacquiao's camp disputed the unanimous decision, which was widely panned by critics but later confirmed after further scrutiny by the World Boxing Organization. Pacquiao had a rematch clause for the Horn fight, but so far hasn't committed to a date or venue.
Corcoran is 17-1 since turning pro in 2011 and is ranked 10th by the WBO. He is the underdog and is fighting outside of Britain and Ireland for the first time for his first world title.
Trainer Peter Stanley said his boxer would not be intimidated by the situation.
"We've fought away from home before in front of bigger, more hostile crowds against bigger boys," Stanley said. "There's nothing new here."
The buildup to the fight has been overshadowed by accusations from the Corcoran camp that Horn resorted to head-butting Pacquiao, and claims from the British-based boxer that he would resort to biting if confronted with the same circumstances. At the official news conference, one of Corcoran's trainers held up a laptop computer to show images of Horn clashing heads with opponents and later wore a cap with a glove attached at the top in a swipe at the head-butting claims.
Horn and his trainer Glenn Rushton responded by wearing caps with a pair of boxing gloves on top of earmuffs to protect from biting.
Both boxers were expecting an aggressive, walk-up style of fight.
Rushton said Horn would be furious but fair.
"It is boxing. It's not table tennis - it's tough," Rushton said. "Stop (complaining) - Jeff's one of the fairest fighters in the world."
Corcoran doesn't have a high profile, and even ring announcer Michael Buffer mistakenly called him by the wrong name at the weigh-in.
"Does it matter?" Stanley said. "He'll know his name afterward, I promise you that - he won't forget it.
"Gary's a consummate pro. He's come here to fight and win. They both made weight, they're both fit. The only difference is Jeff's got the world title and Gary wants it."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The chief executive of the Humane Society of the United...
WASHINGTON — The chief executive director of The Humane Society of the United States resigned following sexual harassment allegations.
The New York Times reports that Wayne Pacelle resigned Friday after donors and employees of the animal protection group began calling for him to step down over the allegations.
In an email to staff, Pacelle said that because “our mission depends on unity,” he was stepping aside to allow a search for a successor to begin “and to put aside any distractions, in the best interests of all parties.”
In a news release announcing the resignation, Rick Bernthal, chairman of the board of The Humane Society, said the last few days have been hard for the group's family of staff and supporters.
Kitty Block has been named acting president and CEO for The Humane Society.
Compared to many other diseases, diagnosing a brain tumour is fairly straightforward. Promptly detecting it comes down to being concerned enough about the early symptoms – which range from fatigue to seizures to personality change – to get an image of the brain. Either the tumour is there, or it isn't.
But in 2016, the Brain Tumour Charity released a report on the treatment of brain tumour patients in the United Kingdom. It found that almost one in three of them had visited a doctor more than five times before receiving their diagnosis. Nearly a quarter weren't diagnosed for more than a year.
Women, as well as low-income patients, experienced longer delays. They were more likely than men to see 10 or more months pass between their first visit to a doctor and diagnosis –and to have made more than five visits to a doctor prior to diagnosis.
One 39-year-old woman quoted in the report recalled: “One of the GPs I saw actually made fun of me, saying ‘what did I think my headaches were, a brain tumour?' I had to request a referral to neurology. I went back repeated times to be given antidepressants, sleep charts, analgesia, etc. No one took me seriously.”
A growing body of research is exploring how “implicit” bias – unconscious biases that are usually not linked to consciously held prejudiced attitudes – contributes to disparities in medical treatment. “We want to think that physicians just view us as a patient, and they'll treat everyone the same, but they don't,” says Linda Blount, president of the Black Women's Health Imperative. “Their bias absolutely makes its way into the exam room.”
One of the most pervasive implicit biases in the medical system regards gender.
Brain tumours are only one example. A 2015 study revealed a longer lag time from the onset of symptoms to diagnosis in female patients in six out of 11 types of cancer. It isn't that women wait longer to seek medical attention – the delay occurs after they've first visited their GP. A 2013 study concluded that more than twice as many women as men had to make more than three visits to a primary care doctor in the UK before getting referred to a specialist for suspected bladder cancer. So did nearly twice as many with renal cancer.
More than just a frustration for patients, these delays cause unnecessary deaths. Each year, an estimated 40,000 to 80,000 people die due to diagnostic errors in the US alone.
*
In reporting my book Doing Harm, I heard from dozens of women with a range of conditions who, at some point during their search for a diagnosis, were told that their symptoms were due to anxiety, depression, or that all-purpose catch-all: “stress”.
Everybody was telling me there was nothing wrong with me
Jackie's experience is typical. She first fell ill at age 16, and for years, she suffered from chronic kidney problems, fevers, fatigue, and terrible menstrual and joint pain. She saw a primary care doctor, a urologist, and a pulmonologist. “Everybody was telling me there was nothing wrong with me,” she says.
With tests revealing nothing amiss, Jackie's primary care doctor decided that she must be depressed and prescribed antidepressants. They didn't help at all, but Jackie was “accepting whatever the doctors said”.
The tendency to attribute women's physical complaints to mental illness has its roots in the history of ‘hysteria' – that mythical female disorder that, over the centuries, was blamed on a ‘wandering womb' or sensitive nerves and eventually, post-Freud, came to be seen as a psychological problem. The terms have changed over the last century, but the concept – that the unconscious mind can ‘produce' physical symptoms – has remained alive and well in medicine.
There is a high risk of misdiagnosis inherent in this concept, whether it's called hysteria, somatisation, or ‘medically unexplained symptoms' due to stress.
Back in 1965, British psychiatrist Eliot Slater warned that too often a label of hysteria allowed doctors to believe they'd solved the mystery when, in fact, usually they hadn't. After following up with 85 patients who'd been diagnosed with ‘hysteria' at the National Hospital in London throughout the 1950s – including by Slater himself – he discovered that, nine years later, more than 60% had been found to have an organic neurological disease, including brain tumours and epilepsy. A dozen of them had died.
Women have long been considered the typical patients with psychogenic symptoms, so it's no wonder that they are especially likely to find their symptoms dismissed as “all in their heads”. In a 1986 study, for example, researchers looked at a group of patients with serious organic neurological disorders who'd initially been diagnosed with hysteria. They identified the characteristics that made a patient vulnerable to such a misdiagnosis. One was having a prior diagnosis of a psychiatric disorder. Another was being a woman.
The fact that women have higher rates of mood disorders is, itself, likely one reason that it's so common for women to get a psychogenic label. In the US, women are about twice as likely to have a diagnosis of depression or an anxiety disorder as men.
Studies suggested that as many as 30-50% of women diagnosed with depression were misdiagnosed
But while women may truly have a higher risk, the difference in prevalence rates may be at least partly a consequence of overdiagnosis in women and underdiagnosis in men. Studies in the 1990s suggested that as many as 30-50% of women diagnosed with depression were misdiagnosed. Furthermore, depression and anxiety are themselves symptoms of other diseases, which often go unrecognised in women. And, of course, the stress of suffering from an undiagnosed – and therefore untreated – disease often takes its mental toll. As one article points out, “Ironically, medical misdiagnoses of physical conditions may induce depressive reactions in female patients.”
Once listed in their chart, a psychological disorder heightens the risk that any other physical symptoms a patient has in the future will be automatically dismissed as psychogenic.
I heard from one woman, a middle-aged Italian immigrant to the US with a history of depression, whose worsening abdominal pain was dismissed as menstrual pain for three years. It wasn't taken seriously even when she brought up the fact that she had a family history of colon cancer. And it wasn't taken seriously even when she began having rectal bleeding. When she finally pushed for a colonoscopy, it revealed stage-three colon cancer.
Just a few months longer and it would have been at stage four and incurable.
*
After a few years, Jackie finally got one correct diagnosis. A friend – a well-off white woman – urged Jackie to go see her doctor in a wealthy suburb. He quickly diagnosed her with endometriosis, and surgery alleviated much of her pelvic pain.
But other problems persisted and eventually worsened. After moving to a new city for graduate school, it took another few years to find another set of doctors who would take her symptoms seriously. “I had a lot of, ‘You're just hysterical,' ” she remembers. “One of the more common things, especially in emergency rooms, was ‘You're just drug seeking.'”
As a woman of colour, Jackie was facing more than gender bias. Implicit biases on the basis of race, class, weight, sexual orientation, and trans status all affect clinical care as well.
There is particularly robust evidence showing that US patients of colour, black patients especially, are undertreated for pain. A 2012 meta-analysis of 20 years of published research found that black patients were 22% less likely than whites to get any pain medication and 29% less likely to be treated with opioids.
White children with appendicitis are almost three times as likely as black children to receive opioids in the emergency room
Experts point to a stereotype – widely held by healthcare providers yet utterly false – that black patients are more likely to abuse prescription painkillers. (In fact, white Americans have the highest rates of prescription drug abuse.) But the disparity extends to children, suggesting it's not just about the assumption of drug seeking. A 2015 study found that white children with appendicitis were almost three times as likely as black children to receive opioids in the emergency room.
A 2016 study suggested that healthcare providers may underestimate black patients' pain in part due to a belief that they simply don't actually feel as much pain. When 200 white medical students and residents were quizzed on a series of claims about biological differences between the races, like “blacks' skin is thicker than whites,” a full half thought one or more of the false statements were true. And, when they later read case studies of two patients reporting pain, those who had endorsed more false beliefs thought the black patient felt less pain, and undertreated them accordingly.
*
The biggest danger of having your symptoms dismissed is that once doctors believe they are ‘all in your head', they stop searching for another explanation
Not being taken seriously enough to be treated is frustrating enough. But the biggest danger of having your symptoms dismissed is that once doctors have settled on the conclusion that they are ‘all in your head' – or made up in order to get painkillers – they stop searching for another explanation.
Consider the experience of patients with rare diseases, who go more than seven years, on average, before being correctly diagnosed. Along the way, they visit four primary care doctors and four specialists and receive two to three misdiagnoses.
While some delay in diagnosing an uncommon disease may be inevitable, this staggering seven-year gap is not simply because it takes that long for doctors to crack a challenging case. According to a Eurordis survey of 12,000 rare disease patients in Europe, those who were initially misdiagnosed experienced longer diagnostic journeys. And, while being misdiagnosed with the wrong physical disease doubled the time it took to get to the right diagnosis, getting a psychological misdiagnosis extended it even more – by 2.5 up to 14 times, depending on the disease.
Given women's vulnerability to a psychogenic misdiagnosis, it is perhaps not surprising that they reported significantly longer delays than men.
For example, it took an average of 12 months for men to get diagnosed with Crohn's disease, an autoimmune disease of the gastrointestinal tract, compared to 20 months for women. Men were diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, a group of genetic disorders that affect the connective tissue, in four years. For women: 16 years.
“Being a woman should have no influence on a physician's clinical ability to diagnose a disease,” the authors of the report wrote. “It is, therefore, difficult to accept that overall women experience much greater delays in diagnosis than men. The more rapid diagnosis of men illustrates that the capacity to do so exists.”
As for Jackie? Midway through graduate school, she finally caught a break. She had been sick for months with a fever that the doctors, despite soaking her in antibiotics, could not break. “A primary care doctor – a woman of colour – believed me, and she collected all of my medical records and literally took them home with her and started trying to piece them together like it was a puzzle.”
She suspected that Jackie might have lupus. A test confirmed it. Jackie thought her battle to be taken seriously was over. In fact, as a black woman managing a chronic disease that frequently landed her in the ER with excruciating pain, there would many more encounters with dismissive healthcare providers in her future.
But at least, after 10 years of searching, she finally had a diagnosis — and, with it, the assurance that it had never been ‘all in her head'. Something really was wrong with her. And now, it could get better.
This story is part of the Health Gap, a special series about how men and women experience the medical system – and their own health – in starkly different ways.
This is an adapted excerpt from Doing Harm: The Truth About How Bad Medicine and Lazy Science Leave Women Dismissed, Misdiagnosed, and Sick. Copyright © 2018 by Maya Dusenbery. Published by HarperOne, an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers.
Join 800,000+ Future fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter.
If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Culture, Capital, and Travel, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
Last year over 1,000 babies born in Lanarkshire needed specialist neonatal care to help them survive.
Now, Central Scotland list MSP Richard Leonard is calling for more support following the publication of the Bliss Scotland baby report 2017.
The report highlights that one in 10 babies born in Scotland is admitted to neonatal care.
It claims three quarters of units do not have enough nurses to meet minimum standards for providing safe, high quality care.
One third of units are unable to provide community outreach, two thirds do not have enough medical staff to meet minimum standards and over half do not have enough overnight accommodation for parents of critically ill babies.
Mr Leonard has backed Bliss Scotland which is demanding urgent action from NHS Scotland, health boards and Scottish Government to address these issues and many more.
Caroline Lee-Davey, chief executive of Bliss Scotland, said: “Bliss Scotland's report highlights the need to take immediate action to address current staffing issues.
“Services for premature and sick babies are already overstretched, and any plan for improvements must provide sufficient funding to address the problems that exist now.”
Mr Leonard added: “I have been proud to support the work that Bliss do right across Scotland to help those babies in specialist neonatal care and their families. And the results from their report are clear – now is the moment for action.
“Across Lanarkshire over 1,000 babies were in specialist neonatal care last year. Families need support now from the Scottish Government, and I will work with Bliss to make sure that happens.”
Consumer Reports on Wednesday did an about-face on its harsh review of the Tesla Model 3, saying it now recommends the mass-market sedan after a software update shortened its braking distance by nearly 20 feet.
The magazine last week had refused to recommend the hotly anticipated electric car, citing a 152-foot braking distance from 60 mph. That was “far worse than any contemporary car we've tested” — about 7 feet more than a full-size Ford F-150 pickup, the magazine said.
In response, Tesla CEO Elon Musk last week said he would address the problem with a software update in a few days and improve the Model 3 until it “has better braking than any remotely comparable car.”
After downloading Tesla's update, Consumer Reports said that its test sedan stopped in 133 feet, a 19-foot improvement.
News of the Model 3 getting Consumer Reports' recommendation Wednesday recently sent Tesla shares up 3.3 percent to $293.15.
In a post on its website, Consumer Reports' director of auto testing, Jake Fisher, said that in his 19 years at the company, he has never “seen a car that could improve its track performance with an over-the-air update.”
The Model 3, which starts at $35,000, is seen as crucial to Tesla's profitability at a time when it is battling reports of crashes involving its Autopilot software, questions over funding and production shortfalls. Musk has said the fully loaded Model 3, excluding its controversial Autopilot feature, will retail at $78,000.
Musk tweeted his appreciation to Consumer Reports following the updated review.
“Really appreciate the high quality critical feedback from @ConsumerReports,” he wrote.
Northern Ireland rider Lee Johnston hopes to achieve international road racing successes in 2018 as part of the official Honda Racing set-up.
The Fermanagh man was speaking to BBC Sport NI's Andy Gray at the launch of this year's North West 200 in Coleraine.
The North West practice and race period will take place from 15-19 May this year.
PESHAWAR, Pakistan — Pakistani police say three gunmen have shot and killed a female singer who refused to accompany them to a private party.
Police official Saeed Khan says the incident happened in the northwestern city of Mardan on Saturday.
He says the artists, known only as Sumbul, was shot multiple times and killed at her home after the gunmen broke in and asked her to perform for them at a private party.
Khan says the perpetrators fled the scene of the killing and that he police are searching for them.
There have been similar attacks on female artists in this part of the country in the past.
Video
A team of young people took on a challenge to work as vegetable pickers, a job usually done by migrant workers.
The group from Plymouth, aged 18 to 23, worked for Southern England Farms Ltd in Cornwall picking cabbages.
The owner Greville Richards said he employs 500 pickers, nearly all of whom are from Eastern Europe, but would gladly employ British workers.
Research found that immediately after the Brexit referendum recruitment to Cornish farms became more difficult and staffing requirements were at 65% of need.
Watch more on Inside Out South West on BBC One on 5 February at 19:30 GMT and on the iPlayer for 30 days thereafter.
The Ottawa Senators fell 2-1 to the Washington Capitals and extended their losing streak to three games. The club will now enter its league mandated five-day break in the schedule.
Kyle Turris opened the scoring at 12:41 of the second period when he knocked in a Ryan Dzingel pass in front of Braden Holtby. Marc Methot would add the secondary assist.
Karl Alzner drew the Capitals even with a onetime rocket from the faceoff circle. T.J Oshie and Justin Williams added the helpers.
Washington would take the lead as Taylor Chorney would score the game winner, and his first of the season, off a point shot from Brooks Orpik and Tom Wilson at 2:43 of the third.
The Senators had a glorious chance in the third period, when they spent a full two minutes on a 5-on-3-power-play, but weren't able to capitalize.
Derick Brassard played his 600th career regular season game tonight.
Kyle Turris scored his 100th goal as an Ottawa Senator tonight.
Three Stars
Braden Holtby
Taylor Chorney
Karl Alzner
The Sens next game, Saturday night at the Canadian Tire Centre, will come against the Capitals as they look to avenge tonight's loss.
More from SenShot
This article originally appeared on
You have lots of big ideas and even bigger expectations of yourself but today's Sun-Pluto link warns there are forces at work that could upset your plans. Think of it as the universe's way of getting you to slow down and think more clearly.
A former Hillsboro City Schools bus driver and a man were killed in a rollover crash Saturday in southwest Ohio, but authorities say a small child survived.
The Ohio State Highway Patrol said the accident occurred around 5 p.m. on a snow-slicked road in Greene County's Spring Valley Township. The truck hit a sign and then a tree before overturning.
The 49-year-old driver, Carl Perry, of Xenia, died at the scene, while 73-year-old passenger Linda Davis, of Xenia, a former Hillsboro bus driver, died at a hospital. The state patrol says neither victim wore seatbelts.
An unidentified female child in a safety seat was taken to a Dayton Children's Hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
The state patrol said alcohol does not appear to be a factor in the crash.
Spring Valley Township is about 20 miles (32 kilometers) southeast of Dayton.
Equifax is being hammered with criticism for its handling of a data breach affecting 143 million people — the worst in U.S. history.
CEO Richard Smith abruptly retired on Tuesday, joining the company's CIO and CSO, who also departed after the massive hack was made public.
"There was a time when executives could get away with it," said Robert Siciliano, CEO of IDTheftSecurity. However, that era passed after a 2013 Target breach that affected as many as 41 million customers: The resulting fallout ultimately led to the resignation of the company's CEO and CIO.
The CEO may not be the first line of defense when it comes to a massive privacy breach, but his or her role in managing the fallout is crucial in terms of public and investor confidence. Erik Isakson / Getty Images/Blend Images RM
Related: Could Europe Teach the U.S. a Lesson About Cyber Regulation?
While the CEO isn't the first line of defense when it comes to security management, the responsibility for a botched handling of a breach can often rest on his or her shoulders - and in the most egregious cases, Siciliano said the board may quietly ask them to resign or retire - or risk a public firing.
There are still plenty of questions to be answered about Equifax's handling of the breach, and the role that its top executives played. Already, Smith must testify before Congress next Wednesday, and Equifax currently faces an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission, the FBI, the CFPB, and the SEC, in addition to a grab bag of consumer lawsuits.
Dealing with a massive breach of customer data is a scenario security experts say they dread, but also one that must be met with a swift and thorough response, along with clear and contrite communication.
Before the headlines come out about a data breach, security teams are usually working nonstop in the hours, days, and months after an incident to piece together what exactly happened.
"My general experience is it takes multiple days or weeks to really get your arms around what has happened and to balance this against what the adversary is going to do with the data," Michael Daniel, president of the Cyber Threat Alliance and former cybersecurity coordinator in the Obama administration, told NBC News.
Every company's security infrastructure — and each breach — are undoubtedly different. However, security experts say there are usually some commonalities as to what's happening in those crucial days, weeks, months before the company tells the public.
Bob Lord, who joined Yahoo in 2015 as chief information security officer, described what it felt like to uncover the magnitude of two separate user account breaches the company suffered in 2013 and 2014, but did not publicly disclose until late last year.
“If you're familiar with that effect that Alfred Hitchcock perfected — where things look like they're sort of telescoping out. And you can still see everything but you still have this weird parallax going on,” Lord said at TechCrunch Disrupt New York in May. “I remember feeling that when I was putting all of the different pieces together. And that's not a great feeling.”
Kristy Edwards, director of product management at Lookout, a mobile security company, said companies "see hundreds to many thousands of technical security events in their systems every day."
Figuring out what is an indicator of an actual, serious incident instead of just "noise," is part of the challenge, she said. That's when most companies will call their incident response team of security professionals into action.
"They'll do a risk analysis to assess the sensitivity of the data involved and the possible harm that could result," she said.
One of the first steps, Edwards said, is to take a forensic image of the server. This will allow the incident response team to uncover evidence from many complex computer systems used by the company.
Now Russia wants to nuke threatening asteroids, too It was just days ago that a team of scientists from NASA and the National Nuclear Security Administration spoke at length about the potential to use nuclear weapons to divert...
NASA can't save us from future apocalyptic asteroid An enormous space rock could crash into Earth by 2135 because NASA's spacecraft — designed to protect our planet — will not be able to deflect it, scientists have warned....
NASA designs 'hammer' to prevent an asteroid armageddon Terrified of an asteroid hitting Earth and wiping us all out? Fret not: NASA has a plan. Scientists have drawn up official plans for how to deal with incoming asteroids...
Mining for asteroids will be the next gold rush Forget cryptocurrency — the next big “gold rush” isn't even on Earth. Physicist Michio Kaku, writing in his new book “The Future of Humanity” (Doubleday), believes a bonanza is coming...
'Space cigar' asteroid is spinning and scientists don't know why Hey, so, remember that really bizarre cigar-shaped asteroid that flew through our Solar System late last year? It whipped around the Sun and back out into space so fast that...
Dinosaur-killing asteroid also sparked underwater volcanoes When the massive space rock that slammed into the Earth some 66 million years ago reached our planet it caused one heck of a scene. The effects of the impact...
Asteroid flying by Earth will be closer than the moon CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Another asteroid is headed our way — the second this week — but there's no need to worry. The newly discovered space rock will pass within...
These next-generation weapons will blast asteroids out of the sky If an asteroid struck the Earth, there are no fewer than seven distinct ways it could kill you. If you're lucky enough to dodge the rock itself, other effects of...
Asteroid was only spotted seven hours before flying past Earth Space rocks flying without a real purpose through space could one day wreak havoc on Earth. But that's hardly something you need to be worried about. Some of these asteroids...
From Darin Short
GREENVILLE, Tx (March 19, 2018) – As we are getting ready for this Friday and Saturday's Waco and Cleveland (TX) NCRA Sprint Car Bandits (SCB) series events presented by Blaine's Motor Supply, the following Saturday, the series returns to Superbowl Speedway near Greenville, Texas Saturday, March 31st at 8pm. A full field of quality 360C.I. sprint car teams from throughout the region are expected.
The event will pay $2,000 to the 25-lap feature winners, $1,000 for second place and pays down generously to $300 to start each event (see below for complete breakdown). All non-qualifiers or non-starters will each receive $100. There is no entry fee, no series membership fee and just a $15 nightly draw fee. Drivers should go to www.SprintCarBandits.com prior to arrival for complete rules and procedures information.
Superbowl Speedway has produced excellent Sprint Car Bandits racing every time the series has visited the ¼ mile dirt oval. Just last June, at one point in a SCB heat race, there was a 5-wide battle for the lead; which is quite a feat for any division at any track. We're looking forward to another great night of racing on March 31st.
Superbowl Speedway is located at 437 FM 1903 Greenville, TX and is quite easy to get to. Take the ‘FM 1903′ exit off I-30 (exit 87, about 45 miles from downtown Dallas), then head east 3 miles and you will run into the track. The main entrance is first and is for race fans going to the stands. The second exit off corner 4 is for the pit entrance. On race day, the track phone number is (903) 883-2504 or click www.facebook.com/superbowlspeedway for the track Facebook page. The first green flag on Saturday March 31st is slated for 8pm.
25-lap SCB feature race payback for this event: $2,000, $1,000, $600, $500, $400, $390, $380, $370, $360, $350, $340, $330, $320, $310, $300, $300, $300, $300, $300, $300. $100 for non-qualifiers or non-starters. No entry fee or series membership fee; $15 draw-in fee.
Note all sprint car teams that sign in will draw for heat race starting positions, regardless of their engine C.I. displacement, and will receive passing points to determine their straight-up from points feature race starting position. All drivers make sure to read the posted rules at the series website prior to heading to the track.
We would like to thank the sponsors of the Sprint Car Bandits series: Blaine's Motor Supply, Rodd Hanna's Air Performance, A&M Glass Service, Palm Harbor Homes, Kustom Craft Exhibits, Gen-Tech at FixYourGenerator.com, Mow Time in Farmersville, RockAuto.com, Pro-Tech Service Co., Scott Baylor Racing Engines, American Elevator Technologies, South Dallas Battery & Electric Co., Gary Floyd Homes, Utility Trailer of Dallas, Inc., DFW Urethane, Valvoline Express Care of Seagoville and the SCB points fund is sponsored by Smiley's Racing Products & Hoosier Tire Southwest.
With each SCB sponsor announcement, the series can continue to implement one of its primary missions, and that is adding to the already excellent competitor purses. If you noticed, the SCB 2016 minimum guaranteed purse was $1,200 to win and $300 to start – yet every event paid more than that. Our 2017 purses never fell below $2,000 to win and $300/start at any event – all due to these sponsorship commitments! Our goal is to continue with the same plan for the 2018 season.
If your business is interested in getting involved with the SCB series, please contact Mary Lang directly at: SteveLang14@gmail.com or by calling 469-474-8234. There are effective programs available for all sizes of budgets.
The SCB series has a unique rules package that allows teams to use their current equipment (especially in the engine compartment) yet curbing nightly tire expense…which helps equalize the competition, with teams of varying budget sizes. That rules package certainly has the vote of many of the drivers in the DFW area, as 70 competed with the series in 2017.
Between the lower operating cost of the SCB series and the addition of sponsor funds into nightly purses, it is allowing more area race tracks to book events – which all translates into DFW area fans getting to see quality sprint car race at a lower grandstand ticket price.
When you combine those components with lower nightly competitor operating purses, it all equals one thing: the new Sprint Car Bandits series!
Click www.SprintCarBandits.com for the latest in series news – including the brand-new event flyers for Heart O' Texas (March 23), 105 Speedway (March 24) and Superbowl Speedway (March 31). You can also reach the SCB on Facebook, at www.Facebook.com/SprintCarBandits
With sex scandals raging from Hollywood to Washington, this must be some kind of banner season for celebrity gossip mags. Add to that Prince Harry finally picking a bride, and we couldn't resist grabbing a couple of glossy rags to get our fix. So did they deliver the dirt we were craving?
US Weekly's cover page promises to tell “all the details” of Meghan Markle's upcoming holiday with fiancé Prince Harry and the royal family. But if you were hoping to hear how Markle's Los Angeles breeding and manners went over with the house of Windsor, you'll be sorely disappointed.
Indeed, US appears to have been locked out of this outing to Scotland's Balmoral Castle, leaving it to pad its four-page spread with verbiage we could find in travel brochures. It would have been fun to read about royal gift-giving traditions, had we not heard the stories before. US's cheeky tidbit — provided by a former Kensington Palace chef — about Princess Anne gifting Prince Charles a Britannia toilet seat has been rehashed in the press for years.
We did enjoy reading that Markle will be sitting out on the family's annual Boxing Day pheasant hunt and will likely be staying in house with a pregnant Princess Kate. That said, we're not hopeful that we'll be reading next week about, say, Megan holding Kate's hair while she suffers her latest bout of morning sickness.
InTouch, meanwhile, commendably chose to focus on the Matt Lauer scandal, branding the disgraced “Today” show host the “Husband From Hell” on its cover.
The four-page spread documents Lauer's years of alleged creepiness — including the oft-reported “bag of sex toys” in his office, a “scorned lover” writing “You f- -ked me!” on the mirror in his dressing room, and his wife calling out his “cruel and inhumane treatment” of her in divorce papers that she filed and later withdrew years ago.
The horndog anchor may have also fathered children with two former co-workers, InTouch dishes. A rep told the mag the claim was “completely and provably false.”
We also had more fun with InTouch's treatment of the coming royal wedding.
Markle isn't like most brides, of course. Her to-do list goes far beyond terrorizing a legion of bridesmaids. In addition to telling us that Markle will have to join the Church of England, InTouch also shares that she will have to learn how to sit properly: “knees and ankles locked together.”
The soon-to-be royal will also have to learn how to curtsy to senior royals — including her soon-to-be nephew Prince George, who is 4 years old, and niece Princess Charlotte, 2.
Muddle, mishmash and militias
The New Yorker can't seem to decide just where it stands with its “Simons Says” page burner.
You'd expected the liberal weep sheet to be down on reclusive billionaire Jim Simons, controversial founder of Renaissance Technologies, for abusing Bahamas tax havens. Rather, it comes close to lauding him for his philanthropic work funding genome research.
“Taste in science is very important,” Simons says — meaning he likes to pick what will get funded, and let the taxpayer-funded research done in universities go dry.
Next up in the where-do-we-stand department is a pie-in-the-sky article by Nathan Heller that appears to showcase the digital utopia of the tiny post-Soviet nation of Estonia, where citizens vote on their laptops and people leave the private sector for development opportunities in government. Wait a minute. That's a good thing?
Speaking of tone deaf, New York's “Reasons to Love New York” hits the mark with its mishmash of tourist-industry propaganda. This while our infrastructure crumbles and our dopey giant of a mayor literally sells off pieces of the city block by block. Imagine your burning rage flipping pages while your subway train is stuck for 20 minutes and the conductor won't tell you why.
Elsewhere, Jessica Pressler ventures to Garden City, Kansas, where militia men hurl slurs at legal immigrants while fingering the trigger on their guns.
Meanwhile, Time's “Person of the Year” issue might just win this week's inconsequential award. The person is actually a group, the “Silence Breakers,” in the sex harassment scandals, and the rest is chock-a-block with BuzzFeed-like lists. Most embarrassing is the best nonfiction book for 2017: Hillary Clinton's “What Happened,” a graceless memoir that tracks the inside story of the biggest loser in the history of American politics.
War didn't break out with North Korea over the weekend, so stocks had a big relief rally Monday.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.62% closed up 135, leaving it just shy of breaking through 22,000 again, while the S&P 500 SPX, +1.00% gained 1% and Nasdaq Composite COMP, +1.34% climbed 1.3%. Even the lagging Russell 2000 small-cap index RUT, +1.46% racked up big gains, while gold lost ground and the CBOE Volatility index VIX, -20.50% plummeted 20%.
So, nothing to worry about, right?
Wrong! This is classic Wall Street short-term thinking: The risk of a second Korean War today is as great as it was last week, and the consequences of even a conventional war in this critical region would be catastrophic.
That's why I think prudent investors should consider taking some profits on this rally and reduce their exposure to stocks. I never recommend selling everything, and I'm still mostly bullish, but a correction is overdue.
Most importantly, geopolitical risk is rising sharply, especially because of President Donald Trump's recklessness overseas, where unintended consequences are incalculable. That's why I think investors should begin to pare their equity holdings.
This year, investors have been counting on President Trump and the Republican Congress to bring about deregulation, tax reform and infrastructure building. “A lot will depend on whether we see the best of Trumps or the worst of Trumps in the months ahead,” I wrote in February.
As the war of words with North Korea heats up, we're seeing the worst of Trump. His threats to unleash “fire and fury” against the recalcitrant Hermit Kingdom, his doubling down that his remarks weren't “tough enough,” and his claim that the U.S. military is “locked and loaded” to go to war have poured gasoline on an already raging fire.
Trump's die-hard fans claim diplomatic language from Presidents Clinton, Bush, and Obama didn't stop North Korea from plunging ahead with its nuclear program, and maybe this will get leader Kim Jong-un and Chinese President Xi Jinping's attention.
More likely it will push the already overwrought North Korean tyrant over the brink. The “madman theory” (popularized by President Nixon during negotiations with North Vietnam in the 1970s) works only if one side is rational; it isn't clear that Kim is, and we have no idea how he'll react (although at least for now, Kim has decided not to launch missiles at Guam).
But there's no doubt the president's loose language has raised risk sharply. Last week he warned he was “not going to rule out a military option” for dealing with Venezuela. Venezuela? He also wants to scrap the Iran nuclear agreement, even though his own administration just reluctantly certified the Islamic Republic was in compliance. If you're facing down one rogue nuclear power, why not two, right? Bring. It. On.
“The temperamental president-elect's… thin-skinned persona and radical policy shifts may keep rivals guessing, but they raise global uncertainty,” I wrote in January. ”What Trump gives to the markets domestically he may take away overseas.”
Exhibit A: North Korea, where the president undermined a substantial foreign policy achievement — tough U.N. sanctions approved by Russia and China — with his bellicose tweets and pronouncements.
Even if we launch a non-nuclear pre-emptive attack, such as with bunker-busting bombs (my guess for what Trump really meant by “fire and fury”), North Korea, I wrote, “has a million-man army and is hiding weapons, troops and material in a massive network of bunkers, shelters and tunnels that would likely allow it to survive U.S. airstrikes with enough firepower to retaliate heavily against Seoul, the world's fifth-largest metro area with a population of 24 million,” and perhaps Tokyo or U.S. bases in Guam.
Deaths could run into the hundreds of thousands, including many Americans, and it would be hard to keep such a war from spreading, perhaps even to China. It could turn out to be “The Art of the Deal meets Dr. Strangelove,” in The Washington Post's David Ignatius's memorable phrase.
I now think there's a 25%-50% chance of a conventional war on the Korean Peninsula through 2018 and — I hesitate to write this — a 10% chance of a thermonuclear exchange in the region. I would be absolutely thrilled to be wrong.
Read: How South Korea could defuse U.S.-North Korea tensions
My MarketWatch colleague Mark Hulbert wrote recently that a study by Ned Davis Research showed that within six months after major geopolitical crises, the Dow is usually “higher than where it stood before that crisis erupted.”
My own research reached the same conclusion. But the prospect of full-scale war, with even a slight chance of nuclear war, changes the whole equation.
We can't do much about that — the president has virtually unlimited powers to use nuclear weapons. But we can take some prudent moves to protect our wealth in case the very worst doesn't happen.
Call it market timing, call it “opportunistic rebalancing,” or whatever you want. But if stock market gains have pushed your equity allocation beyond its target, you should consider reducing your equity allocation by 5%-10% and putting the proceeds into intermediate-term bonds or cash.
When risk is this high, it's the least you can do.
Howard R. Gold is a MarketWatch columnist and founder and editor of GoldenEgg Investing, which offers exclusive market commentary and simple, low-cost, low-risk retirement investing plans. Follow him on Twitter @howardrgold.
But it did paint a pretty ugly picture of Anthony Levandowski, the former Google engineer who sold his company to Uber after leaving Google and taking thousands of files with him. Not exactly a good look, if you're trying to work again in the tech industry.
Farhad: Does he need to work again, though? One thing we didn't mention last week was the great Wired profile of Mr. Levandowski, which contained this nugget: He seems to be creating his own religious organization, a church meant to “develop and promote the realization of a Godhead based on Artificial Intelligence.” See, when your god is A.I., maybe you don't need to be in the good graces of tech companies.
Mike: Yeah. In more upbeat news for Uber, the company's dramatic boardroom struggles seem to be coming closer to peace. The board this week voted for a significant set of governance changes to the company, including imposing some significant restrictions on Travis Kalanick, the former chief executive, who was pushed out of the company by his investors but remains on Uber's board.
There were compromises. For one, the board confirmed the addition of two new members — Ursula Burns, the former head of Xerox, and John Thain, former chief executive of Merrill Lynch — who were stealthily added by Mr. Kalanick last week. But the board also agreed to add six more seats for new directors to bring more “independent” voices to the company.
Six new board members! That brings Uber's board seats to a whopping 17 once they decide who will join.
Can you imagine what those meetings will be like? I have a hard time wrangling more than two friends to meet somewhere for dinner on a text messaging thread.
Farhad: I think it's pretty cool. Most other tech giants are totally controlled by a single person — usually one white guy. Uber's board looks totally dysfunctional, but it's interesting how it has been muddling along to the right decision every now and then. First it picked a good C.E.O., and now it succeeded in reducing the power of its toxic founder. That's not a bad record.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Interested in All Things Tech? The Bits newsletter will keep you updated on the latest from Silicon Valley and the technology industry. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Tech and Artistry
Mike: In other news, tech companies seem to be getting more artistic lately! Dropbox did an entire wacky redesign, which look as if Andy Warhol were alive and became chief design officer for a tech company. Snapchat, meanwhile, announced a collaboration with the pop artist Jeff Koons, which allows Snapchat users to transpose graphical depictions of Mr. Koons's signature balloon-animal-inspired artwork over photos they take on their smartphones.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
I'm not exactly a huge Koons fan, but I do like that Snapchat is running with this theme of manipulating the real world through the lens of the phone. It's “augmented reality,” and it's what companies like Facebook, Apple, Google and Magic Leap think will be the next big wave of computing in the not-too-distant future.
Farhad: Wait, why aren't you a Koons fan? Those balloon animals are rad. It's my dream to one day own one, and I'm bummed that everyone's gonna get access through Snapchat. But I guess great art is meant to be shared.
Seriously, though, this is one of the better applications of A.R. I've seen. It's surely more interesting than setting down a couch in your living room — that is, the Ikea app everyone has been playing with for the last two weeks. Look, I know what an Ikea couch looks like in my living room in real life! Why would I want to fantasize about a new Ikea couch?
Mike: I didn't really take you as an art fan. Or a Pokémon fan. Maybe I'll start calling you Squirtle.
Facebook's Russia Issues
Mike: We should probably talk about Facebook. Max Read over at New York Magazine did a nice piece meditating on what Facebook actually is these days, which still doesn't seem clear to anyone, including perhaps Mark Zuckerberg himself.
But what everyone is enamored of is this Russia advertising story. To sum up: Facebook is under fire for thousands of paid advertisements that spread across the platform, most of which were created by a shadowy, Russia-linked troll farm called the Internet Research Agency. Investigators are pursuing what effect those ads might have had on the election, and how far their reach went.
Facebook has agreed to testify in front of Congress in November, and we anticipate Twitter and Google — which are also in the cross hairs for similar accusations — will do the same.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Do you think we've gotten to the root of the problem here, Farhad? Or are we just scratching the surface? I have my thoughts, but for once I want to hear yours.
Farhad: I really don't think we've gotten to the root. In fact, I don't think we even know what we're looking for at this point. There are so many different ways Facebook and the other platforms were involved in the election — other than Russian ads, there was the threat of “fake news” (some of which may have been produced by Russians, some by pranksters), and then there was the echo-chamber effect (where everything you see reinforces your beliefs), and on top of that, there are the many ways that Facebook worked with campaigns themselves to target voters.
Maybe Facebook has enough data to disentangle the effects of all this stuff, but it seems unlikely. The 2016 election was “overdetermined,” as social scientists like to say — with a result that close, a lot of possible different decisions and scandals might have been enough to give us the result we had. I'm in favor of more digging, and I'm looking forward to Facebook's testimony, but I bet we'll never figure out what role the company played.
Anyway, I'm glad you're not moving to L.A. Wait, what am I saying — I wish you were.
Mike: You can't get rid of me that easily. Ciao!
Farhad Manjoo joined The Times in 2013, and he writes a weekly column called State of the Art. Mike Isaac has been writing about technology since 2010, and joined The Times in 2014, covering Facebook, Uber and Twitter. You can follow them on Twitter here: @fmanjoo and @MikeIsaac.
President Trump on Tuesday said North Korea wants to hold a high-stakes meeting “as soon as possible” — and praised dictator Kim Jong-un as “very open” and “very honorable.”
During his discussions with French President Emmanuel Macron at the White House, Trump addressed his upcoming plans to meet with the rogue regime's leader.
“He really has been very open and I think very honorable from everything we're seeing,” Trump told reporters. “Now a lot of promises have been made by North Korea over the years but they have never been in this position.”
His praise for the despot stands in stark contrast to his past comments in which he referred to Kim as “Little Rocket Man” and boasted about the size of his nuclear button.
Kim fired back by calling Trump a “mentally deranged US dotard.”
The Trump-Kim meeting is expected in May or June.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in plans to meet with Kim on Friday to kick off a new round of high-stakes nuclear diplomacy with Pyongyang.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Rebecca Baker at Dogs Trust Bridgend said microchipping was people's best chance of finding a lost pet
Animal campaigners have said they are "hopeful" about a bid to make it compulsory for pets found by council workers to be checked for microchips.
A petition to the assembly calls for the checking of microchips in all pets, dead or alive, to be mandatory.
The petitions committee will now write to the six councils that do not check animals to inquire about their policies.
Campaign group Cats Matter said it "held out hope" the rules would change.
Only Gwynedd, Anglesey, Cardiff, Newport, Blaenau Gwent and Neath Port Talbot councils do not routinely scan animals - the rest do "when they deem the animal is in a state to do so".
The petition called for all domestic animals to be covered, regardless of their condition, and for their owners to be notified when they are found.
A Cats Matter spokeswoman said: "It's not the desired outcome really, unfortunately. However, we do see the positives and it is much better than just simply closing the petition.
"One of the main reasons we wanted a law change was because so many cats still slip through the net, and dogs of course, at the councils who do have scanners."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Drivers have to tell police if they hit a cow
RSPCA Cymru backs mandatory identification of pets killed on highways so owners know what happened to them.
A petitions committee spokesman said it would consider the councils' policies "before making any further decision regarding the petition".
Drivers are only obliged to stop and report an accident to police if they hit a dog, horse, cow, pig, goat, sheep, donkey or mule.
Gwynedd Council said as owners were not legally obliged to microchip their cats and it had "huge pressures" on its budget, officers did not scan dead animals for microchips.
Newport council said it would respond to the petitions committee when the authority was contacted.
Anglesey, Cardiff, Blaenau Gwent and Neath Port Talbot councils did not respond to a request for comment.
Toyota announced that it has achieved more than 10 million cumulative units of hybrid vehicle (HV) sales, including plug-in hybrids, as of Jan. 31. The latest milestone was achieved just nine months after total sales reached 9 million units at the end of April 2016.
Toyota Motor North America also saw its sales of hybrids and plug-in hybrids reach a cumulative total exceeding 3 million units as of Dec. 31, 2016.
“The Prius stands as an icon for sustainability and efficiency, and is a shining example of what you can achieve when you have the right idea to help solve a problem,” said Bob Carter, senior vice president of automotive operations for Toyota Motor North America. “Hybrids remain an important part of our lineup of vehicles, with over 246,000 units sold last year, and we have seen continued demand with the release of the RAV4 Hybrid variant of the popular compact SUV, accounting for nearly 13 percent of its total sales volume in 2016.”
Takeshi Uchiyamada, known as the father of the Prius and co-chairman of the board of directors at Toyota, said, “When we launched Prius, no one even knew what a hybrid was, but, thanks to early adopters, hybrids have ridden a wave of success into the mainstream.” He added, “We are grateful to each and every one of our customers who have helped us achieve this important [global] milestone.”
As of Jan. 31, Toyota estimates that the use of Toyota's hybrid vehicles, as an alternative to conventional gasoline-powered vehicles of similar size and driving performance, has resulted in approximately 77 million fewer tons of CO2 emissions and has saved approximately 7.66 million gallons of gasoline (29 million kiloliters).
More than a numerical milestone, the company says the results demonstrate the staying power of hybrid powertrain technology, which has emerged as a mainstream solution to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions and other pollutants. Toyota says it values activities to help reduce the environmental effects of automobiles. This achievement builds on its belief that widespread adoption of more environmentally-friendly vehicles can make a significant positive impact worldwide.
To learn more about the history, development and future of hybrid technology at Toyota, visit this link.
Magnificent Monday, meet Tense Tuesday.
The devil-may-care attitude that lifted stocks past geopolitical worries to gains yesterday seems in short supply this morning. Financials were a big driver of that positive post-Easter-break run, so the pressure was on for Goldman Sachs to deliver with earnings this morning, and they promptly disappointed, see more below.
But even the most upbeat corporate results won't be enough to dispel the shadow of those international tensions, says our call of the day.
Sure, strategists at J.P. Morgan told clients Tuesday that they expect the strongest earnings growth in 22 quarters.
“Recovering U.S. and global economic growth, higher oil prices and rising rates for financials compared with one year ago” should drive that earnings rise, say Dubravko Lakos-Bujas and the J.P. Morgan team.
But they say myriad global tensions — French election, Syria/Russia, North Korea/China tensions — will likely weigh on stocks short-term, overshadowing that “constructive tone from this earnings season.”
Here's J.P. Morgan's chart of which sectors could fare better on the earnings front, with 2017 looking shiniest for energy, financials and technology:
A taste of the level of concern among some analysts was heard from DailyFX's chief currency strategist, John Kicklighter, who was blunt with his concerns to clients Tuesday.
“This is the kind of uncertainty that's extremely dangerous. Whether they follow through or not, it's still a profoundly threatening statement and situation,” he said, talking about North Korea's war of words with the U.S. and its threats of a nuclear strike.
In short, ”we're overpriced, over risked and just waiting to get creamed” by a “very significant wave of volatility and fear,” he says, providing this monthly S&P 500 chart:
DailyFX
See: What happened last time stocks skirted around a potential nuclear conflict
Key market gauges
DJIA YMM7, -0.18% and S&P 500 ESM7, -0.23% futures are pointing to a pullback, following the lead of Europe SXXP, -0.81% and Asia, ADOW, -0.86% , where the Hang Sneg HSI, -1.39% slid nearly 1.4% on China growth worries. A plunge in iron-ore prices knocked Australia stocks XJO, -0.90% down by 1%. Miners and news of an early U.K. general election dragged the FTSE 100 UKX, -1.65% to its biggest slump in nearly 10 months.
Gold GCM7, -0.36% is dipping, and oil prices CLM7, -0.79% are falling. The dollar DXY, -0.32% is flat, and the British pound GBPUSD, +0.8914% has been bouncing around.
Read more in our Market Snapshot column.
Plus: Election-battered Mexican peso is now on the verge of a bull market
The chart
Iron ore prices fell to the lowest level since November earlier this morning. Here's a look at that chart:
City Index
“It's a supply/demand problem, with too much iron ore getting produced and Chinese demand for steel slowing,” said Kathleen Brooks, research director at City Index, told clients Tuesday.
But she also smells trouble, saying China's slowing demand for the commodity could be a sign that things are about to turn south in that Asian powerhouse. This weekend's strong GDP growth data could be “the swan song before things turn ugly later in the year.”
The buzz
Surprising on the downside, Goldman Sachs GS, +1.32% disappointed on earnings and revenue, with shares falling Bank of America BAC, +2.10% , Johnson & Johnson JNJ, +0.58% , Harley-Davidson HOG, -0.50% and Schwab SCHW, +1.63% are on the earnings list ahead of the bell.
Cardinal Health CAH, +0.49% is off 14% premarket after the company said it has agreed a $6.1 billion deal for some Medtronic MDT, +0.44% units and updated its 2017 guidance.
United Continental UAL, +2.46% delivered an earnings beat late Monday. As for uproar over its treatment of passengers, particularly one off a flight last week, CEO Oscar Muniz, vowed to do better.
Netflix NFLX, +3.03% subscriber growth came up slightly short of forecasts, and its profit view also fell short. Shares are off a bit, after swinging around late Monday. Read: Most millennials don't want to pay for Netflix.
Housing starts are due at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time, followed by industrial production and capacity utilization at 9:15 a.m. Eastern. In between, Kansas City Fed President Esther George will speak on the Federal Reserve and monetary policy at Bard College at 9 a.m. Eastern
The quote
“The country is coming together, but Westminster is not.” — That's U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May in front of Downing Street, calling for a snap general election on June 8.
She said the election is being called to get support for Brexit, as she says rival political parties are “underestimating our determination to get the job done.”
See: Pound rises as Theresa May calls for out-of-cycle U.K. election
The stat
Netflix/Courtesy Everett Collection “The Ridiculous 6”
More than 500 million hours — Netflix says that's the amount of time viewers have spent watching Adam Sandler movies since Dec.2015, when his first flick by the studio, “Ridiculous 6,” made its debut. Read more below on Netflix results.
Read: How will Netflix ever make money on its original films?
The buzz
Goldman Sachs GS, +1.32% , Bank of America BAC, +2.10% , Johnson & Johnson JNJ, +0.58% , Harley-Davidson HOG, -0.50% and Schwab SCHW, +1.63% are on the earnings list ahead of the bell.
Cardinal Health CAH, +0.49% is off 14% premarket after the company said it has agreed a $6.1 billion deal for some Medtronic MDT, +0.44% units and updated its 2017 guidance.
United Continental UAL, +2.46% delivered an earnings beat late Monday. As for uproar over its treatment of passengers, particularly one off a flight last week, CEO Oscar Muniz, vowed to do better.
Netflix NFLX, +3.03% subscriber growth came up slightly short of forecasts, and its profit view also fell short. Shares are off a bit, after swinging around late Monday. Read: Most millennials don't want to pay for Netflix.
Housing starts are due at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time, followed by industrial production and capacity utilization at 9:15 a.m. Eastern. In between, Kansas City Fed President Esther George will speak on the Federal Reserve and monetary policy at Bard College at 9 a.m. Eastern
Random reads
Trump to sign “Buy American,” “Hire American” executive orders Tuesday
Redditors talk about the weirdest things that have happened during brain-autopilot.
Just some Irish lads, having fun at Dublin's airport.
Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern.
Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook.
A group of concerned residents are camping out at the proposed Paradise development at Thundering Waters to protest the $1.5 billion project they say could destroy a rich ecosystem.
"Niagara region has already lost more than 90 per cent of its wetlands and forests to development," said organizer Owen Bjorgan. "Why are we messing around with the remaining ten?"
The group, which set up camp along a trail on Dorchester Road near the Chippawa Parkway on Sunday night, want the province to acquire the private land to prevent it from present and future development.
GR (CAN) Investment Co. Ltd. bought 484 acres of property west of Marineland and adjacent to Thundering Waters Golf Club two years ago, and is planning a mixture of residential, commercial, retail and entertainment uses as part of a development known as Paradise.
The development has been bogged down by provincially significant wetlands that cover about half of the property
"The issue here is complicated as to what's going to happen to this land because there are many stakeholders, which we can all appreciate and empathize with," Bjorgan said.
"The investors got the green light prematurely to throw money down on this property. Now some of the investors, and local politicians, are back peddling to an extent because the local people and science have raised concerns over the economic significance of this property."
Biodiversity offsetting was suggested as a way to deal with the issue, which would see the wetlands moved, or recreated somewhere else.
Bjorgan said that idea simply won't work.
"Developing around significantly wetlands isn't necessarily protecting them," he said. "That's kind of misleading in the sense that you end up boxing in species of plants and animals that make this property as biodiverse as it is. There will be species inbreeding, the ecosystem will run out of resources and the water quality becomes contaminated."
Several people were at the camp site Monday afternoon.
"We encourage people to stop by and ask questions," Bjorgan said, adding the group plans to occupy the site for the next six days. "We're off to a good start and I hope it snowballs."
A Niagara Regional Police spokesperson said late Monday afternoon they were aware of the protest but “have no involvement at this point.”
Niagara Falls Mayor Jim Diodati was also aware of the occupation.
“I'm really not to sure what I can say about protesters illegally trespassing on private property,” he said.
WASHINGTON -- The steps are not the stuff of news headlines, but, bit by bit, a political group working to put more Latinos in office is setting up for battle.
Last week, Latino Victory named new members of its board and national committee. Among them are the likes of New York political consultant Luis Miranda, father of Hamilton creator Lin-Manuel Miranda; actor Ana Ortiz, known for her role as Betty's sister in the TV series "Ugly Betty" and Julissa Arce,an immigrant rights advocate and former Goldman Sachs executive who started worked in Wall Street while she was still undocumented.
The announcement is more than a personnel move. It's a refueling, post 2016, as the group revs up for 2018 elections and accelerates into 2020.
“Given this Trump era we are in, the political calendar has shifted earlier,” said Cristóbal Alex, president of Latino Victory.
The group shed its bipartisan cloak days before President Donald Trump's inauguration and embraced its progressive tendencies and Democratic strain.
It's working to set up in Georgia, Arizona, Florida and Nevada and set in motion its recruitment of and campaign support for Latino progressives and progressives who will back policies Latino Victory considers beneficial to the Latino community.
The group is “looking carefully” at the Virginia gubernatorial race, a November contest between Democrat Ralph Northam and Republican Ed Gillespie. It also is studying the candidacy of Annette Taddeo who will vie in September for a Florida state Senate seat.
Latino Victory's political action committee, Latino Victory Fund, has put money into a campaign – “Run, Veronica, Run” – to urge El Paso County Judge Veronica Escobar to run for the congressional seat now held by Rep. Beto O'Rourke, who plans to challenge Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, for his U.S. Senate seat.
“If we are successful in 2018, as I think we will be, we will be even better positioned to influence to help make sure we have a new president that reflects our values, but has a campaign that reflects us as well,” Alex said.
Despite the turmoil in the country, Alex said he's optimistic about the outcome.
“We are in a challenging spot right now because of the leadership void and because the president has opened up opportunity for Nazis and others to come out freely in the country,” he said. “But when I look at leaders coming up and stepping up around the country, getting into the arena, I feel more and more optimistic about the future.”
Follow NBC Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
The planned acquisition involves 800 apartments spread throughout 25 to 30 buildings, mostly in the Bronx, which has the overwhelming majority of cluster apartments in the city. The city targeted buildings where more than 50 percent of the units were occupied by homeless people — a threshold that would guide future acquisitions, the city said.
In a statement, Mr. de Blasio said his administration had to “think creatively and be bold.”
“We're fast-tracking the transition from shelter to higher-quality, permanently affordable housing for New Yorkers caught in the grips of our city's affordability crisis,” he said.
The planned acquisition could place about 3,000 people into permanent housing; in some cases, homeless families living in the apartments would simply stay put, but would no longer be considered homeless. It was not immediately known how much the program would cost the city.
The rise in homelessness has been a paradox for Mr. de Blasio, a self-described progressive railing against income inequality. An estimated 77,000 people were living in the city's different shelter systems and on the streets in February, according to a count overseen by the Department of Housing and Urban Development. When the mayor took office in January 2014, there were an estimated 68,000.
Mr. de Blasio has conceded that he took too long to recognize the homelessness crisis and to outline a strategy that would reverse decades of damage — exacerbated by rising rents, stagnant wages and the loss of affordable housing. The city addressed the problem with short-term fixes, including its reliance on cluster sites.
The cluster program began in 2000 under Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, with a few hundred apartments. Year after year, the city increased its reliance on the cluster sites, largely because the apartments were the most expedient, least intrusive way to help the city meet its legal mandate to provide shelter to anyone eligible.
The clusters drew little community outcry when they opened because, unlike traditional shelters, they were not immediately visible. The apartments are tucked away in mostly decrepit, private buildings, and homeless families have simply blended in with people who are not homeless.
Photo
Under Mr. de Blasio's plan, once the nonprofits purchased the apartments, the units would be subject to regulations that would require them to remain affordable for 30 years.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a way, Mr. de Blasio, a longtime critic of clusters, inadvertently increased the city's dependence on them. Early in his tenure, the mayor asked his administration to slow down on opening new shelters, as elected officials expressed concern to him about shelters materializing in their districts without notification.
At the same time, Mr. de Blasio directed his administration to reduce how much the city paid to landlords for the cluster apartments. But without new shelters opening, the city still needed the more discreet clusters. And because of that need, some landlords refused to reduce the prices of apartments.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Over the past 17 years, the rents demanded by landlords for clusters have been tantamount to price gouging. The city Department of Investigation released a report two years ago that showed that the city was paying an average $2,451 a month for cluster apartments in poor and working-class neighborhoods where rents ranged from $528 to $1,200 a month.
The lucrative circumstances sometimes led landlords to drive out residents who were not homeless just so they could collect the larger payments from the city.
Cluster apartments have also posed a danger to those living in them. Last December, the deaths of two toddler sisters renewed calls for the city to move more quickly to get out of clusters. Scylee Vayoh Ambrose, 1, and Ibanez Ambrose, 2, died after their bedroom filled with scalding steam that spewed from a malfunctioning radiator in the apartment where they lived in a cluster building in the Bronx.
But with few alternatives, the city has been stuck with clusters. By January 2016, the number of cluster apartments had ballooned to about 3,650 apartments, with an estimated 11,000 people at its height.
Around that same time, the mayor unveiled a plan to phase out the use of clusters by 2018, only to have to push back that deadline to 2021 earlier this year. Getting out of them, the city has found, has meant even more expensive alternatives.
Since early 2016, the city has stopped using about 1,000 cluster apartments. But because it had slowed the pace of opening new shelters, the city was forced to place homeless families into even costlier hotel rooms, which cost it about $400,000 a day.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Earlier this year, Mr. de Blasio unveiled a 128-page plan to open 90 new shelters and to expand 30 current ones so the city could close the cluster sites and stop booking hotel rooms. There was no mention then of using eminent domain to achieve the goal.
But with the city falling short of opening the 18 to 20 shelters it said it wanted to open by March 2018 — the city has opened eight new shelters and has announced that three other shelters will be opening soon — it clearly needed a more aggressive tack.
Steven Banks, the city commissioner of social services, said that the city's announcement “should make crystal clear that we mean business, moving forward on every front to phase out this Giuliani-era stopgap measure once and for all in our effort to better serve homeless New Yorkers and all New Yorkers,” he said.
The takeover of the buildings could also alleviate concerns of some elected officials and housing advocates who feared abandoning the cluster program wholesale would increase the risk that landlords could turn the apartments, which had once been rent stabilized, into market-rate ones.
The city Department of Homeless Services does not have the authority to make sure landlords are in compliance with rent regulations, but it is working with other agencies, like the state Homes and Community Renewal, to do so.
Police are investigating the death of a Southwest Miami-Dade man, who was involved in an altercation in which another man was taken to the hospital. Miami Herald File
Former fashion and food writer Madeleine Marr joined the Miami Herald in 2003. The native New Yorker's celebrity coverage includes features, interviews, events, red carpets, premieres, award ceremonies, style, news and gossip in the South Florida area and beyond.
Sometimes people have a funny way of showing they like someone.
Case in point? This Florida man who threw his dog out a car window at woman he thought was attractive.
Howard Van Sweringen, 41, is facing charges of aggravated battery after ramming into the woman's truck, and tossing his dog through his car window to get her attention, WFLA reported.
Van Sweringen had told police that he wanted to talk to 35-year-old Kristina Fuller “at any cost,” according to the Lakeland Ledger.
His bizarre attempts at wooing Fuller began on Thursday morning after she dropped her daughter off at Lakeland High School in Lakeland, Florida.
“This man, who I never saw before in the car line, cuts in front of the school buses, blocking everything, just so I could get out, so I waved and thanked him,” Fuller told WFLA. “Every turn I was making he was following me.”
Van Sweringen would not give up his pursuit, following the mom to a stop light.
“He got out of his vehicle, came up to my window and threw his dog on me. I thought it was going to bite me or something so I tossed the dog back at him. He got back in his vehicle and started hitting my truck, trying to push it into the intersection,” Fuller said.
She continued to drive, but he got back in his car and tailed her.
“I was trying to get away. He kept coming up beside me, trying to run me off the road. At one point I made a u-turn. He jumped over the median, blocked three lanes of traffic just to get behind me again,” Fuller said. “I was on the phone with my friend crying, I didn't know what to do.”
After calling police, Fuller turned around and went back to get at the school, where he followed her.
Authorities at the scene took Van Sweringen into custody. He told police that he did not know Fuller, but thought she was pretty and wanted to talk to her, according to WFLA.
“This is something you see in the movies or on TV,” Fuller told the Lakeland Ledger. “Now, it has happened to me.”
In addition to aggravated battery, Van Sweringen was charged with trespassing on school property. The dog he reportedly threw was unharmed and placed in the custody of a relative.
Mark 2021 on your calendars because part of the NFL season could be in jeopardy.
NFL Players Association executive director DeMaurice Smith painted a gloomy picture of the union's relationship with the league and the likelihood of the two sides striking a new deal when the current collective bargaining agreement expires in four years, during an interview with Sports Illustrated's The MMBQ Thursday.
Smith called the chances of a lockout or strike when that time comes a “virtual certainty” and went on to explain how, in his opinion, the NFL has been known to be uncooperative and stealthy in negotiations.
“If there is no renegotiation of the collective bargaining agreement and we reach 2021, there is no uncapped year, right? Because the last time we went through it, we found out the owners lied and cheated about the uncapped year,” Smith said. “So why would I do that again?”
The current CBA, which the NFL and NFLPA agreed upon in 2011 after a 132-day lockout, has resulted in five years of relative stability. Outside of labor discussions, however, the two sides have frequently butted heads over player discipline, with the tension reaching a peak this week over Ezekiel Elliott's domestic violence case.
see also NFL, NFLPA declare ugly war in Ezekiel Elliott case The NFL has been criticized repeatedly in recent years for...
First, the NFL blamed the Players Association for spreading “derogatory information” about Elliott's accuser in an effort to defend the Cowboys star running back after the league suspended him six games last Friday. The NFLPA then fired back with a statement of its own, calling the NFL's claims a “lie” and criticizing Roger Goodell and Co. for using the argument as a way to cover up their own “failings” in cases of this nature.
When Smith, 53, was asked if he expected the NFL to miss games over a potential lockout in 2021, he recalled how the league's recent contract negotiations played out — the owners opted out of the previous CBA in 2006, which then expired in 2011 — and therefore reasoned the future is foreboding.
“I don't know now, but I mean let's look at our history,” Smith said. “The owners do a deal in 2006 and opt out in 2008. We do a deal in 2011 with no opt-outs because we like the benefits under the current deal and we didn't want to give the owners an opportunity to opt out and take back the gains that we currently have.
'Blue Planet' dazzles with help from cutting-edge technology BBC America's “Planet Earth: Blue Planet II” has been generating buzz, and big viewership, for its stunning imagery of underwater life from around the world. Series executive producer James Honeyborne...
'Broadchurch' finale offers a bittersweet, if convoluted, end “Broadchurch,” one of the best British imports in recent memory, ends its three-season run Wednesday night on BBC America — in both bittersweet and (slightly) disappointing fashion. Bittersweet in the...
Veteran actor William Fichtner is all revved up for new 'Top Gear' series If William Fichtner's face looks familiar, it's because you've likely seen him before in the dozens of TV and movie roles in which he's appeared in a busy acting career...
Sexual predator haunts final season of 'Broadchurch' Critically acclaimed crime drama “Broadchurch” is back for its third — and final — season on BBC America. While it spawned two international spinoffs (Fox's “Gracepoint” and French TV's “Malaterra”),...
The Batman-worthy soundtrack behind that crazy viral iguana video Legendary film composer Hans Zimmer has scored a lot of car chases in his life — “maybe too many,” he admits to The Post. But the most unbelievable sequence he's...
'The Night Of' creator's twisty new drama is well worth your time It's complicated. That's my two-word description of “Undercover,” a six-episode BBC America series boasting a heavy-hitter cast (Oscar nominee Sophie Okonedo, Dennis Haysbert), a distinctive creative pedigree in writer/creator Peter...
A man was discovered dead on the third-floor staircase of an Upper West Side brownstone, police said Sunday.
A resident of the building returned home at 12:20 p.m. Saturday to find the 46-year-old man's body lying unresponsive on the third-floor landing of 47 W. 90th St., police said.
Preliminarily, the incident appears to have been accidental, though the cause of death will be determined by the city medical examiner, authorities said.
The man did not live in the nine-unit, four-story building, which is located between Columbus Avenue and Central Park West, police said.
The identity of the victim has not been released pending family notification.
An SUV also was involved in the crash. (Source: Air 3/WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Injuries have been reported following an accident involving a TARC bus and a second vehicle.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ WAVE 3 News app
+ WAVE 3 Storm Tracker app
+ Inside The Rail app
The incident was reported at 2:26 p.m. at 5th Street and Broadway.
A MetroSafe supervisor said the first EMS crew at the scene requested a second EMS crew as soon as it arrived at the scene. Neither the extent of the injuries nor the number of injuries is known at this time.
ALSO ON WAVE3.COM
+ Victim of fiery Adair Co. crash identified
+ Officers rescue 12-year-old boy from pond
+ Police: Man burned granddaughter with hot knife
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Austin Haworth was 13 when his mother, Amanda Haworth, a Miami-Dade police officer, and her partner, Roger Castillo, were killed delivering an arrest warrant to a career criminal in Liberty City. For the next five years Austin was brought up in his Southwest Ranches home by Haworth's former partner Jeri Mitchell and his grandparents. Now, as Austin gets ready to depart for college on a baseball scholarship, a group of private businesses got together and built the family an addition to the Broward home that will be waiting for Austin when he returns on vacations and after he graduates. Tuesday, Miami-Dade police and about a dozen private groups were honored at the home as part of Austin's send-off. Video by Emily Michot / Miami Herald staff
Science proves toned bodies are now sexier than skinny ones Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and it seems all the fitness influencers on Instagram have triggered a cultural shift. The University of Missouri-Kansas City asked 78 female...
How a woman from the Dominican Republic became Miss New York Genesis Suero only became an American citizen seven years ago — but she's already the queen of New York. “I love, love, love my city,” said the 26-year-old Harlem resident...
Husband charged with killing transgender activist wife NORTH ADAMS, Mass. — A transgender rights advocate who started a pageant for transgender women in New England was found stabbed and beaten to death in her home, and her...
Ex-Miss Americas asked to help recruit new leaders after dirty email scandal ATLANTIC CITY, NJ — Trashed by emails sent by pageant officials, former Miss Americas may help choose the new leaders of the Miss America Organization. The group told The Associated...
Miss America execs resign after disgusting emails surface There they go — a series of vulgar e-mails has toppled the leaders of the Miss America pageant. The pageant's executive chairman, its president and the chairwoman of its board...
Miss BumBum says she was groped hours after winning title The winner of the 2017 Miss BumBum contest has claimed she was groped just hours after taking the crown for Brazil's best behind. Rosie Oliveira, 28, said that she slapped...
Inside a Brazilian prison's beauty pageant A Rio de Janeiro maximum security prison for women hosts an annual beauty pageant for its inmates. Jail authorities say they organize the "Miss Talavera Bruce" contest to encourage self-esteem, fight...
Woman became first contestant with Down syndrome to compete in Miss Minnesota A woman who was called a “trailblazer” for becoming the first person with Down syndrome to compete in the Miss Minnesota pageant won the “Spirit of Miss USA” on Sunday....
Miss Israel and Miss Iraq snap a selfie for world peace When you visualize a better world, does it look like . . . a selfie? In what seems like the pageant equivalent of the odd couple, stunners Miss Israel and...
Image copyright Nintendo
Nintendo has brought Pokémon as close to a reboot as the series has ever come by announcing three new games.
Pokémon Quest, which is available immediately, is free to download on Nintendo Switch.
It tasks players with befriending new Pokémon across a blocky world reminiscent of Minecraft.
Pokémon: Let's Go Pikachu and Pokémon: Let's Go Eevee will launch in November offering a more traditional RPG experience with a few key twists.
These include couch co-op, mobile integration, and the ability to play on a big screen.
This marks a shift in Pokémon's formula that coincides with its debut on Nintendo Switch - the console that can be played in handheld mode or docked to a TV.
"With these games specifically, we're trying to introduce an all-new play style," Game Freak director, Junichi Masuda said on stage at the reveal event in Tokyo, Japan.
"It's really a much more simplified experience compared to the traditional series."
The new games draw heavily from the Kanto region, home to the original 151 Pokémon, that players from the 90s will be familiar with.
Image copyright Nintendo
Samantha Loveridge, Associate Editor of GamesRadar+, believes this is a strong draw for lapsed fans of the series who may have avoided recent games due to too many characters.
"It won't feel like having to learn a new language by picking up these games," she says.
"I know people got fed up that there are 700 odd Pokémon in recent games, but they know the Squirtles and the Charmanders and the Bulbasaurs."
She points to Nintendo's recent ventures into mobile development as evidence of a continued push to expand its player base.
"Pokémon Go became this transitory nostalgic thing that brought people back into Pokemania," Samantha says.
"They [Nintendo] saw a surge of new players that maybe hadn't picked up a Pokémon game for 20 years and wanted to get back in."
Let's Go includes significant crossovers with Pokémon Go, which has received over 750 million mobile downloads to date. Players will be able to transfer caught Pokémon from the mobile game into the Switch experience.
"I think Nintendo saw the success of Pokémon Go and wanted to cash in on it," Samantha says.
Nintendo also confirmed that an "all-new core series" title is in development, which will continue the tradition of in-depth Pokémon RPGs begun by Red and Blue in 1996.
Some Pokémon fans have reacted positively to the news online, but those who are passingly familiar with the brand will have to be convinced to buy a Nintendo Switch to play.
The decision to release these new Pokémon games aims to dismantle any barriers to entry for those without a Switch by tempting them to purchase a Switch ahead of the core RPG launch next year.
"Pokémon Let's Go Eevee and Pikachu have the Pokémon you know," Samantha says. "My Mum even knows who Pikachu is - she can't spell it, but she knows who Pikachu is - and that's the sort of experience they want to deliver people sort of to wean them back into the experience and maybe even get a few more people playing on Switch too."
Nintendo remains tight-lipped on how Let's Go will actually play for now, with more information expected in the coming months.
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
The city's school system gets little bang for its buck.
While per-pupil spending has skyrocketed, student performance has hardly budged — and in some areas has slid — according to standardized measurements.
The city Department of Education, which serves nearly 1 million kids and controls a $23.4 billion budget, now spends an average $25,087 per student, up 40 percent from $17,928 in 2008-09, records show.
An Independent Budget Office analysis of 2015-16 operating expenses found a whopping chunk of that money — 30.3 percent — went for fringe and pension benefits for DOE employees and retirees.
The next biggest piece — 23.4 percent — went for teacher salaries, which the de Blasio administration raised in 2014 in a union contract that also cut instructional time for students.
New York City spent the most per pupil of any of the nation's 100 largest school systems in fiscal year 2015, the US Census reported last week.
“It's sad that we lead the nation in school spending with some of the lowest results,” said Sam Pirozzolo, a Staten Island father of two and vice president of the watchdog NYC Parents Union.
He marveled at the price tag: “How can it be possible in a system that spends $25,000 per student that schools require parents to send in tissues, notebooks, pencils and other classroom supplies?”
One main reason: The city is shoveling more and more dough into its Teachers' Retirement System, a pension fund that, by state law, guarantees a 7 percent annual return — no matter what its investments do.
“When it comes to teacher retirement costs, the city is just pouring more money into a leaky bucket,” said E.J. McMahon, founder of the Empire Center for Public Policy think tank. “It has nothing to do with pupil performance.”
In expenses last year, 2,215 retired educators received annual payments exceeding $100,000, up from 1,595 in 2013 and 766 in 2008, records analyzed by the Empire Center show.
Another reason for rising costs, experts charge: Hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars are squandered.
City Comptroller Scott Stringer recently blasted the DOE for “a lack of transparency and detail that is frightening when you are talking about billions of dollars earmarked for our children.”
Last month, for instance, Stringer said his office found that the DOE paid $350 million to boost broadband Internet access in schools — while few faculty and administrators were satisfied with the service.
In addition, auditors found virtually no paper trail of school expenses.
“Plans, signatures, oversight to make sure the vendor wasn't overbilling, that they were delivering what they were supposed to, that the right people were doing the work — no records for any of that,” Stringer said.
Spending more on education is laudable — if the money is well-spent, said an expert.
“The question isn't how much New York is spending; it's where savings and waste can be identified,” said David Bloomfield, a Brooklyn College and CUNY Graduate from Center education professor. “It's more a management question: Do people have confidence in the mayor and the chancellor as managers? Those abilities have been widely questioned.”
Bloomfield cited the Absent Teacher Reserve, a longstanding pool of 1,300 teachers and other educators on the payroll without permanent posts because of school closings, misconduct or incompetence. Working as substitutes or doing nothing, they cost $100 million a year. The DOE is struggling to place or fire the excess crew.
He also cited Mayor de Blasio's Renewal Program to fix failing schools, a money pit of contracts and consultants expected to cost $784 million through 2018-19.
After three years, the city has given up on 17 of the original 94 Renewal schools. Three schools met all improvement goals last year, while 61 declined in at least one category, The Post found.
Overall, higher spending has not brought similar gains in student performance, according to several measurements.
On the National Assessment of Education Progress, a congressionally mandated exam given every two years, from 2009 to 2015 New York City fourth-graders' math scores sank 6 points out of 500, while reading scores dropped 3 points.
Eighth-graders inched up 2 points in math and 6 points in reading in the same period, but still lagged 6 points below the national average in both subjects. Fourth-graders trailed the national average by 7 points in English and 9 points in math.
While the city touts a graduation rate that hit an all-time high of 72.6 percent in 2016, test scores showed only half of those awarded diplomas were ready for college or careers.
Meanwhile, salaries are rising for the city's 75,000 teachers. Under a United Federation of Teachers contract signed in 2014, top pay jumped from $100,000 to $119,000.
Teachers also won retroactive raises back to 2009, when their previous contract expired.
Theme parks are a wildly expensive business, but that hasn't stopped the biggest ones from building brand-new areas based on blockbuster entertainment franchises. The highly anticipated Star Wars zones set to open at Disneyland California and Disneyworld Orlando in 2019 are examples, and there are the Harry Potter Worlds in Japan, Hollywood and Florida.
The Blizzard World stage is the studio's own interpretation of an entertainment theme park, bustling with rides, shops and restaurants inspired by Blizzard games. In fact, players can only run around a portion of it, as a good two-thirds of its "planned" area is limited to the background or not rendered at all -- existing only in the in-game map. To imagine what a real-life version of Blizzard World would take to build, then, we need to do a bit of speculating.
Per the in-game map, painted in the muted watercolor style of Disneyland's original 60s-era attraction posters, there are about 40 named attractions. Some are "E-Ticket" thrill rides like the Hellscream and Blackrock Mountain roller coasters, the Darkmoon Ferris Wheel and (assumedly) the drop tower Tyrael's Fall. Others are restaurants, like the Hearthstone Tavern, or shopping areas like the Caldeum Market and Darkmoon Faire. Players walking in from the "front" of the map are greeted by the looming, massive Stormwind Keep from Warcraft -- much like the princess castles at the center of Disney's parks.
It turns out that amusements parks and multiplayer shooter stages have similar design philosophies, Overwatch's assistant game director Aaron Keller told Engadget over email.
"Theme parks, especially local parks in Southern California, inspired Blizzard World as well as all of Overwatch's maps to a certain extent. I've spent a lot of time at various local parks and I've always been fascinated at how well the parks lead visitors from one area to another," said Keller. "Theme parks contain so many lessons for a level designer. Wherever you're in a park there is always something interesting to see right next to you as well as something pulling you around the next corner, ultimately arriving at some incredible destination that was always visible on the horizon, encouraging you to continue traveling."
As for how big the IRL version of Blizzard World might be, Overwatch's lead writer Michael Chu could only guess.
"At least 100 acres, I think? It's hard to say, as Blizzard World's always growing. It'll be done when it's done," Chu told Engadget over email.
The best food in the park "We had a great time coming up with menu items and snacks for the refreshment stands around Blizzard World. In my opinion, the best food in the park is at Shen's Delights. I did a quick check on the current seasonal menu at Snaxxramas and am happy to share it with you here," Chu said. Anub'Rekh-omelette
Noth's Special Stew
Loatheb's Creamy Fungal Bisque
Kel'Thuzad's Plague Biscuits and Gravy
Zombie Chow
Spore Ribs "Head chef Patchwerk puts a lot of importance into working with local farms and ingredients on its menu, and so I'm proud to say that everything served is harvested by Gothik," Chu said.
The original Disneyland was reportedly built on 160 acres of orange groves bought by Walt Disney. But a comparable real-world park might not be Disneyland, according to John Gerner, managing director for amusement-park-consulting company Leisure Business Advisors.
"Although this imaginary theme park has Disney-like theming, it appears to have conventional rides and activities (such as an arcade)," Gerner told Engadget over email. "Cost would, therefore, be based on scale, capacity and country. A role model could be a Legoland theme park."
Legoland's parent company Merlin Entertainment builds its parks, which today require an investment of over 30 billion yen (or around $275 million), according to the Nikkei Asian Review. That's possibly what it cost to construct the latest Legoland in Japan, which opened in April 2017. That park targeted 2 million visitors during its first fiscal year, and according to a 2011 research paper by University of Central Florida's Kelly T. Kaak, the industry rule of "invest $100 per customer you expect to serve in the first year" is actually more like $109.61 per anticipated guest.
So, if Blizzard World were to anticipate 2 million visitors in its first year, Blizzard could reasonably spend a low estimate of $219 million building the park. That's a more manageable goal than trying to compete with the original Disneyland off the bat, which welcomed 17.9 million visitors in 2016, according to the Themed Entertainment Association's annual report. But there's no denying that it's more expensive to secure land in prime locations for a theme park these days.
When Disneyland first opened its doors in 1955, it only cost $17 million to construct (or about $156 million today, adjusted for inflation). The price to erect Shanghai Disneyland, which opened in mid-2016, was $5.5 billion. Even the upcoming Legoland located a few hours north of New York City is expected to cost $500 million to build.
A Blizzard World built today would face fierce competition. A March 2017 report from The Park Database pointed out that less than 10 percent of amusement parks worldwide take in over 80 percent of all the industry's revenue. Disney's and Universal Studios' locations in Southern California, Florida and Japan are the only ones taking in over $1 billion in revenue annually each, while the average for a Legoland park is $114.7 million. In other words, don't expect to build a new park and reach Disney's level of success.
But Blizzard has something that other small parks don't: A roster of popular entertainment franchises with serious recognizability in certain global communities. This is a big advantage for Disney and Universal at the top of the theme-park food chain:
"For both Disney and Universal, their theme parks are a location-based delivery system for the rest of their media business," The Park Database report stated. "Both brands of parks are owned by media and entertainment conglomerates with television, movie and other media properties that allow cross-pollinating ... business models between their theme parks and the rest of their assets."
Blizzard doesn't have characters as internationally famous as Mickey Mouse, Luke Skywalker or Harry Potter. But it does have four successful flagship franchises, all with very recognizable characters that resonate with fans: Overwatch's popular female hero, D.Va, became a symbol for a feminist group in South Korea, whose members brandished her logo at last year's Women's March. That game's team has released a dozen short animations that have racked up between 9 million and 22 million views apiece, which are of such high quality that they look like dry runs for a Pixar-level feature-length film. And while the Warcraft movie underperformed domestically when it opened in mid-2016, it had the largest foreign-language debut in Chinese cinema history, taking over $150 million during its first weekend. Blizzard's non-gaming content is popular all over the world.
Would fans come to Blizzard World? Since 2005, tens of thousands have made the trek to the annual Blizzcon weekend in Anaheim, California; last year's brought a record 35,000 fans to the city's convention center, which is a block over from Disneyland. They come to get hands-on access to unreleased game content, watch pro-level tournaments and see Blizzard execs and team leads tease announcements for the next year. But they mainly come to join thousands of other equally hyped fans in an environment packed with statues, tapestries and swag from Blizzard's lineup of games.
Blizzard World, of course, is a love letter to those fans, a fantasy zone filled with the locations, props and references only veterans of Blizzard's oeuvre will understand. Who knows if any executive seriously considered the Overwatch stage as a blueprint for a real theme park. That said, the company did hold a fan art contest for a "Blizzard World" back in 2009, while the studio's concept artist Peter Lee had reportedly sketched out his own version of it while developing the abandoned MMO Titan.
How much are Blizzard World's daily operating expenses? "Luckily, in the world of Overwatch, there's ready access to clean power (similar to the power supplied by LumériCo), which means that in some areas Blizzard World is quite efficiently operated," Overwatch lead writer Chu told Engadget. "I don't have the exact figures in front of me, but I did a quick tally on the cost of the attractions in the StarCraft expansion to the park, which came out to 1,800 minerals and 275 vespene gas. You'd have to check with accounting, but that seems like a bargain to me."
A real park wouldn't be Blizzard's first permanent location built to entertain fans, either: The studio has two esports arenas; the first opened in Taipei in March 2017 and the second in Los Angeles. Those locations help spread the Blizzard brand and sell merchandise, which are both things that theme parks do well.
Blizzard has spent a lot of money willing the Overwatch League into existence and building arenas to promote its games as viable esports contenders. Given parent company Activision Blizzard's large revenue ($1.8 billion in Q3 2017 alone) and range of creative properties, it's not a stretch that something like a theme park could be viable.
But if they do, they might want to hurry up before a rumored knockoff park in China beats them to the punch. Or, for a little money up front, Overwatch's associate game director Keller could get started now.
"One of the really fun parts of working on Blizzard World was the amount of ideas that the team and the rest of Blizzard contributed to the map," Keller said. "If you would be so kind and offer me a small personal loan of several billion dollars I'll start working on a really solid design for the actual park straight away. I'll put everything into it that we've imagined. It would be so awesome!"
A drunken, unruly passenger hurled racial slurs at a Sikh cabbie, then punched him and swiped his turban early Sunday morning.
Harkirat Singh, 24, picked up four riders at the corner of Eighth Avenue and 30th Street around 5 a.m., but they were so drunk they were falling asleep and giving him contradictory directions, so he kicked them out near Yankee Stadium in the Bronx, he said.
The rowdy riders refused to pay their fare, and Singh called the cops, he said.
That's when one of the passengers began shouting “F–k you, Ali Baba,” punched Singh in the arm, swiped his turban and fled, the driver said.
Singh, who's been a hack for just one year, was back working on Monday night but said he was having a hard time.
“I'm driving, but it's very tough. It's very hard. I'm crying on the inside,” he told The Post, choking back tears.
Mayor de Blasio decried the attack on Twitter.
“Harkirat Singh — You are welcome here,” Hizzoner tweeted on Monday night. “What happened to you was wrong. You did the right thing by calling the NYPD.”
Shown the mayor's message, Singh said he felt “better” — but he still wants justice.
“They did wrong — they insulted my faith, my community,” Singh said. “They need to be punished.”
Image copyright Getty Images
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt will not face any sanctions after apologising twice for the late reporting of his interest in a property company.
Parliamentary standards commissioner Kathryn Stone ruled that although Mr Hunt had breached the MP's code of conduct, his offence was "at the less serious end of the spectrum".
The MP took "full responsibility" for his misinterpretation of the rules.
She decided against referring him to the Commons Committee on Standards.
Her inquiry followed a complaint by Labour MP John Trickett.
Mr Hunt was criticised in April for failing to record his involvement in Mare Pond Properties in the MPs' register of interests within a 28-day time limit.
The Conservative cabinet minister apologised at the time and then did so again in person after admitting to Ms Stone he was a day late in registering the company's purchase of seven luxury flats in Southampton.
According to her report, Mr Hunt said Mare Pond was initially "a shell company with no assets or value".
While declaring his involvement to his department and the Cabinet Office, he wrongly believed it was not necessary to register his interest until it became operational with the purchase of the flats.
In a letter to Mr Trickett, Ms Stone said: "I consider Mr Hunt's acknowledgement of his breach of paragraph 13 of the code and his apology to be an appropriate outcome. This matter is now closed."
WASHINGTON/NEW YORK — The frequent travels of the head of the US Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, to Oklahoma will be investigated following congressional requests, the agency's Office of Inspector General said Monday.
Pruitt's many travels to his home state have fueled speculation that he intends to run for the US Senate from Oklahoma.
“Administrator Pruitt is traveling the country to hear directly from the people impacted by EPA's regulations outside of the Washington bubble,” said Amy Graham, an EPA spokeswoman. “This is nothing more than a distraction from the Administrator's significant environmental accomplishments.”
The Office of Inspector General said it would look into the “frequency, cost and extent” of Pruitt's travels to Oklahoma through July 31, and whether travel policies and procedures were followed.
It said the investigation will also aim to determine “whether EPA policies and procedures are sufficiently designed to prevent fraud, waste and abuse with the Administrator's travel that included trips to Oklahoma.”
Pruitt was in Oklahoma on at least 43 of the 92 days of March, April and May, according to copies of his travel records obtained by the Environmental Integrity Project watchdog group and reviewed by Reuters last month.
The travel records show Pruitt's schedule this spring often took him to cities in the US heartland where he held meetings, often with oil and gas industry representatives, made speeches and attended events before flying to Tulsa for extended weekends. The records showed Pruitt paid for some legs of the trips directly related to his visits home, although it was not clear whether he paid for all such legs.
Pruitt has riled environmentalists by raising doubts about climate change and by vowing to sweep away scores of Obama-era regulations to help business.
“Pruitt seems to be using these visits to launch his political career,” said Melinda Pierce, legislative director for the Sierra Club, an environmental group that has been deeply critical of Pruitt. “Perhaps he should use polluter money to fund these trips if he's going to continue doing their bidding.”
Before becoming head of the EPA under Republican President Donald Trump in February, he was Oklahoma's attorney general and repeatedly sued the agency he now runs to block federal environmental rules.
The next run of the Cornish period drama begins with a sequence to rival THAT scything scene
The opening scene to series four sees Aidan Turner's Ross swimming in the sea in what looks like linen underwear. He then emerges from his dip in another bare-chested moment that will no doubt draw comparisons with his famous scything scene.
Advertisement
The sequence, which prompted knowing laughter at May's special BFI screening of the episode, kicks off an action-packed return for the series which will later see Ross become an MP.
His long-running feud with George Warleggan (Jack Farthing) continues apace but Ross will face another sinister foe in the form of rival politician Monk Adderley played by Max Bennett.
Says Turner: “‘Monk represents everything that Ross hates, he is corrupt and has likely acquired his political position through nepotism rather than hard work, Monk is mostly involved in politics for the social scene and rarely bothers to show up to the House of Commons.
“Ross and Monk immediately get off on the wrong foot and it is funny to play that situation where you just don't trust someone from the get go – he doesn't trust Ross and Ross doesn't trust him. They clash straight away and whilst it is never really spoken about, they have this unsaid hatred for each other from the very beginning until it reaches a dramatic end.”
Ross will also have to repair his marriage to Demelza (Eleanor Tomlinson) after her passionate dalliance among the sand dunes with Hugh Armitage (Josh Whitehouse) in the final episode of the last series.
Alongside all the returning favourites is another new character, Lady Whitworth, the mother of odious cleric Ossie. She will be played by veteran actress Rebecca Front.
Executive producer Karen Thrussell said: “In this series Ross and Demelza will face new challenges and try to turn their backs on old ghosts. Ross strives to become a better man, but his dark and reckless streak is never far from the surface and will lead to him facing new enemies and suffering great losses.”
Horsfield added: “Winston Graham was writing about a real marriage, not a rose-tinted starry-eyed version of one – but that's what makes it all the more rewarding to bring to the screen. The reconnection between Ross and Demelza, the renewed passion, the forgiveness and redemption of their marriage has been hard won, and is therefore all the more to be valued and enjoyed.”
Advertisement
Poldark returns to BBC1 on 10th June at 9pm on BBC1
BINGHAMTON, N.Y. (AP) Mets closer Jeurys Familia pitched an inning for Double-A Binghamton on Monday as he prepares to return from a 15-game suspension under Major League Baseball's domestic violence policy.
Familia worked a 1-2-3 sixth inning against Portland in his first appearance this season, throwing six of his nine pitches for strikes. He is eligible to return to New York's roster Thursday, when the team wraps a three-game home series against Philadelphia.
Familia's suspension stems from an altercation with his wife last fall. He was arrested Oct. 31 on a simple assault charge, but prosecutors later dropped the case. Under the domestic violence policy, a player can be disciplined absent a criminal conviction
Familia can participate in up to six minor league games while serving the penalty.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
One crew member was killed and two others were injured Monday when a military helicopter crashed on a southern Maryland golf course.
The Army said the UH-60 Blackhawk from Ft. Belvoir, Va. crashed at 1:37 p.m. ET at Breton Bay Golf Course near Leonardtown, about 60 miles southeast of Washington D.C.
The injured crew members were taken to the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center in Baltimore. The Army said one of the injured crew was in critical condition, while the other was in serious condition. The crew members' identities were not immediately available.
“We are deeply saddened by this loss within our community,” Maj. Gen. Bradley A. Becker, commanding general, Joint Force Headquarters National Capital Region and the U.S. Army Military District of Washington said in a statement. “Our condolences go out to the families and friends affected by this tragedy, and our team is focused on supporting them during this difficult time.”
Related stories…
The cause of the crash was not immediately known. The Army said it was sending a team from its Combat Readiness Center to conduct an investigation.
Kevin Bowen, who works in the pro shop of the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown, said he saw the helicopter “flying kind of low” and then “saw it spinning” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course.
Dorothy Harper, who lives across the street from the golf course, said she saw the helicopter just before it crashed.
“I was outside in my front yard when I saw the helicopter come over right across the street from my house. I saw pieces actually falling off the helicopter,” she said.
Harper said she didn't see smoke or flames, “just pieces falling out of the sky.”
Shortly after, emergency vehicles started rolling in, she said.
Army investigators were driving around the course in golf carts Monday evening, placing evidence markers near pieces of debris.
The crash came less than two weeks after a fighter jet crashed into a wooded area in Prince George's County.
The F-16C fighter jet took off from Joint Base Andrews and was participating in a routine training mission before it suffered a mechanical issue and went into a wooded area near Piscataway Road and Steed Road in Clinton, Md., about six miles from Joint Base Andrews and 12 miles south of Washington D.C.
The pilot on that mission ditched the jet and was treated for minor injuries. No one else was hurt.
Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Read more from FOX 5 DC.
*DISCLAIMER* : The information contained in or provided through this site section is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional advice. Use of this site section and any information contained on or provided through this site section is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site section is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties.
Filmmaker Rohit Shetty has finally revealed the name of his leading lady for his upcoming masala entertainer Simmba, which stars Bollywood heartthrob Ranveer Singh and the lucky girl is Sara Ali Khan who is making her big Bollywood debut in Abhishek Kapoor's Kedarnath opposite Sushant Singh Rajput. The film is produced by Karan Johar and Reliance Entertainment.
Filmmaker Rohit Shetty's forthcoming masala entertainer titled Simmba has finally got its leading lady and it's none other than Sara Ali Khan. Yes, you read that right! Bollywood actors Saif Ali Khan and Amrita Arora's stunning daughter Sara Ali Khan, who is making her debut in Abhishek Kapoor's Kedarnath opposite Sushant Singh Rajput, will be playing the lead in Rohit Shetty and Karan Johar's Simmba. Ranveer Singh's name in the film will be Sangram Bhalerao. Also, it will be Ranveer Singh and Rohit Shetty's first collaboration together. The film is slated to hit theatres on 28th December 2018.
Film and trade expert Taran Adarsh on Tuesday took to micro-blogging site Twitter to announce the news of Sara Ali Khan being paired opposite Ranveer Singh in Karan Johar's Simmba and wrote, “It's OFFICIAL… Rohit Shetty and Karan Johar sign Sara Ali Khan opposite Ranveer Singh for #Simmba… Directed by Rohit Shetty… Ranveer enacts the role of a cop – Sangram Bhalerao… Reliance Entertainment presents… 28 Dec 2018 release.” Simmba has been helmed by ace filmmaker Rohit Shetty and will be produced by Karan Johar and Reliance Entertainment.
ALSO READ: Alia Bhatt gets injured in Bulgaria on sets of Ayan Mukerji's Brahmastra
ALSO READ: Brahmastra: Mouni Roy has found her ‘Best Boy-friend' in Ayan Mukerji; see photo
Another interesting part about the film is that Ajay Devgn, who has previously worked with Rohit Shetty in a number of films, has been roped in to do a cameo in the masala entertainer. Sara Ali Khan's debut film Kedarnath, which also features Sushant Singh Rajput is based on the 2013 North India floods and will hit the screens in 2019 next year. It will be interesting to see Ranveer Singh and Sara Ali Khan's fresh pairing.
ALSO READ: Kangana Ranaut opens up about her love life; says I was always the one who got dumped
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Parents, carers, providers and all those with an interest in early years and childcare are being urged to respond to a Scottish Government consultation before it closes next week.
It seeks views on the wide range of policy options available to deliver the Scottish Government's commitment to almost double free early learning and childcare to 1140 hours per year by 2020.
Mark McDonald, minister for Childcare and Early Years, said: “We know the early years are a crucial time in every child's life and evidence shows that access to high quality early learning and childcare (ELC) is key to improving attainment. By giving Scotland's young people the best possible start in life we can ensure they develop the skills and confidence they need to reach their full potential.
“Parents and carers also benefit from a high quality, flexible system of ELC as it helps to support routes in to work, training or further study which may not have previously been accessible.
“That is why the Scottish Government is committed to almost doubling the free ELC entitlement to 1140 hours per year by 2020.
“We are at a pivotal moment in developing the policy approach which will determine how the expansion is delivered, and I recently announced a number of trials to test new ways of providing childcare.
“At the same time, we are also formally consulting on the wide range of policy options available to us, for example whether childminders or organisations with a wider social remit, such as charities or social enterprises, have a greater role to play.
“There is one week left for people across Scotland to have their say on how our new ELC policy should be shaped, and I urge everyone with a view to respond to our consultation before it closes on January 9.”
Image copyright PA Image caption Carwyn Jones and Nicola Sturgeon have previously spoken out against the Brexit legislation jointly
Scottish ministers have rejected the latest bid to settle the dispute over post-Brexit powers, despite the Welsh and UK governments striking a deal.
The UK government is to publish changes to the EU Withdrawal Bill in an effort to end the long-running row with the devolved administrations.
Welsh ministers reached an agreement with their UK counterparts on Tuesday.
But the Scottish government said there was still a "key sticking point" and called for further changes to be made.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has written to Prime Minister Theresa May accepting that "substantial progress" had been made in talks, and setting out potential ways to settle the "remaining issue".
Scottish Secretary David Mundell said he was disappointed by the Scottish government's decision, but said his "door remains open" for further talks.
The UK and devolved administrations have been entangled in a long-running dispute about how powers currently exercised from Brussels will work post-Brexit.
All agree that some powers should be built into UK-wide frameworks, so the same rules and regulations in areas such as food labelling are used across the country.
But there has been disagreement over whether the devolved administrations should only be consulted about any changes, or whether they need to formally give their consent.
'Compromise on both sides'
Ministers from Edinburgh and Cardiff had previously coordinated opposition to what they termed a "power grab", issuing joint statements and passing their own Brexit bills on the same day.
However the Welsh government confirmed on Tuesday that it had reached an agreement with the UK government after "compromise on both sides".
Finance Secretary Mark Drakeford said the deal meant powers that were currently devolved "remain devolved" .
And he said that "all powers and policy areas rest in Cardiff, unless specified to be temporarily held by the UK government".
He added: "These will be areas where we all agree common, UK-wide rules are needed for a functioning UK internal market."
Scottish Brexit minister Mike Russell told MSPs that there was still a "key sticking point" for his government on a "fundamental point of principle" over devolution.
He said ministers had given the latest amendments "serious and respectful consideration", but said they "continue to give Westminster the power to prevent the Scottish Parliament from passing laws in certain devolved policy areas".
He said: "The effect of the UK government's latest proposal remains this: the Scottish Parliament's powers could be restricted without consent. This is not something the Scottish government could recommend the Parliament approves."
Further talks
In her letter to the prime minister, Ms Sturgeon suggested two methods of settling the dispute - by deleting the offending clause from the UK government's EU Withdrawal Bill altogether, or by sticking with the present system of the UK government seeking the express consent of Holyrood for legislating in devolved areas.
Further talks between ministers are expected next week, with Mr Russell setting a deadline of the final reading of the Withdrawal Bill in the House of Lords - the middle of next month - for changes to be agreed.
If they are not, then ministers will not put forward the Withdrawal Bill for a consent vote at Holyrood. MSPs have already prepared for this possibility by passing their own legislation as a stop-gap measure, although UK law officers have formally challenged it in the Supreme Court.
Image copyright PA Image caption A series of meetings between the UK and devolved governments have been held
The UK government views the position put forward by Mr Russell as potentially giving devolved ministers a "veto" over certain powers.
Lord Keen, the advocate general for Scotland, told peers earlier in the year that needing formal consent for changes to power-sharing frameworks would be "a fundamental change in the devolved competence".
He said: "If we have a black and white, sharp-edged consent mechanism for the devolved administrations, then we have the basis for what has been termed the veto problem.
"We have the situation in which, beyond the existing devolved competence, any one of these assembles could proceed to legislate within its devolved competence in a manner that impacted upon those in another country within the United Kingdom. We cannot go down that road."
'Utterly isolated'
The Scottish Conservatives said the fact the Welsh government had struck a deal meant the SNP was "utterly isolated and exposed".
The party's constitution spokesman, Adam Tomkins, said the Scottish government had rejected the deal for "narrow political reasons", namely "obsession with a second independence referendum".
Labour's Brexit spokesman Neil Findlay said it "would be wrong for the SNP government to play politics with devolution in order to further their goal of independence".
UK government sources told BBC Scotland they were convinced that they had reached a deal with Mr Russell, only for Ms Sturgeon to "scupper" it at the last moment.
Mr Russell flatly denied that he had been "overruled" by the first minister, saying he stood "foursquare behind" the government's position on devolved powers and insisting his relationship with Ms Sturgeon was "fine".
The Greens meanwhile continued to oppose the Brexit legislation outright, with co-convener Patrick Harvie saying MSPs "must dig our heels in and refuse to give consent to the EU Withdrawal Bill".
And the Lib Dems said Mr Russell had "behaved in a misleading fashion" by claiming not to know what was going on between the Welsh and UK governments.
Mr Russell had told MSPs that Scottish and Welsh ministers would continue to work together regardless of what decisions they took over the deal.
Mass protests broke out Saturday over the Spanish government's plan...
Catalonia declared independence from Spain on Friday in a historic vote for secession that Madrid has vowed to quash.
The move was approved by the region's parliament in a closed-door vote with 70 votes in favor, 10 against and two abstentions.
Dozens of opposition Catalan lawmakers boycotted the vote.
Spain's Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy urged peace across the country — as the Spanish Senate in Madrid prepared to approve government proposals to take direct control of Catalonia.
“I call on all Spaniards to remain calm. The rule of law will restore legality to Catalonia,” Rajoy tweeted.
With Post wires
Authorities say a shooting at San Francisco UPS warehouse has killed three people as well as the shooter.
Keaton Jennings says England's preparations for the second Test against Pakistan will not be affected by allegations of spot-fixing.
TV station Al Jazeera has claimed three England players spot-fixed part of the fifth Test against India in 2016.
England have "emphatically" denied the allegations.
READ MORE: England 'not affected' by spot-fixing claims
Treasury Secy. Sanctions Venezuelan VP for Narcotics Trafficking
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin took the podium at Tuesday's White House briefing to announce sanctions against Venezuelan Vice President Tareck El Aissami for his role in international narcotics trafficking.
×
You have now reached your limit of 15 stories this month.
Register for free and continue reading - or subscribe and get unlimited access.
Register for free Get 10 bonus articles
Subscribe to Autosport Plus today Get unlimited access
I already have an account. Sign in
Ronald Lauder, the president of the World Jewish Congress and Estee Lauder heir, has admitted buying a designer suit for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and paying for his son's holiday, according to an Israeli newspaper.
As the corruption probe into Netanyahu widened Monday, with detectives grilling the Israeli leader at his residence in Jerusalem, details emerged that Lauder is part of the investigation and was officially questioned back in October.
Lauder confirmed to police that he had given several gifts, including a suit, to the prime minister, and financed a trip abroad for his son, Yair, according to Haaretz.
The newspaper said police sources believe the value of the gifts is worth more than Lauder has admitted — and that they weren't given in friendship, but in hopes of gaining a benefit.
Israeli investigators have said there are suspicions that Netanyahu and his family received gifts and other benefits worth hundreds of thousands of dollars from several business people. But their current case is focusing on two of the less serious ones, including Lauder's, Haaretz said.
Lauder's Israeli attorney Helena Beilin dismissed the billionaire's involvement in the case.
She said he was summoned by police for questioning “related to a certain investigation conducted by them and in which Mr. Lauder is not its subject matter.
“After a short meeting, he was told that his presence is no longer required and that there shall be no further need for additional meetings.”
Israel's Justice Ministry and police have not commented on the media reports.
The campaign against Netanyahu is being led by Erel Margalit, an opposition lawmaker of the Zionist Union party.
Margalit has called for an investigation into suspicions that prominent donors improperly transferred money for Netanyahu's personal use, as well as reports that Netanyahu's personal attorney represented a German firm involved in a $1.5 billion sale of submarines to Israel.
Netanyahu called the investigation “baseless.”
“We've been paying attention to reports in the media, we are hearing the celebratory mood and the atmosphere in the television studios and the corridors of the opposition, and I would like to tell them, stop with the celebrations, don't rush,” he said. “There won't be anything because there is nothing.”
Lauder could not immediately be reached for comment Monday.
1:44 TRAILER: Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Pause
2:36 Lazarus the Cat's Mysterious Long Distance Adventure
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
0:56 Baby needs a new home
2:03 First Look at World War II Shipwrecks Off NC Coast
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has died at age 60
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
Fans got to see Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo in Week 17 of the NFL season, and he proceeded to throw a touchdown pass.
For a man who has not taken a snap since Thanksgiving Day back in 2015, Tony Romo looked pretty good on Sunday against the Philadelphia Eagles. Romo completed three of his four passes for 29 yards, including a touchdown strike to Terrance Williams. It was a nice audition for the 10 or so teams that may need a starting quarterback next season, as the team is set with Dak Prescott as their starter for the foreseeable future.
The Denver Broncos beat the Oakland Raiders on Sunday afternoon, and in the process, ruined their chances at a No. 2 seed in the AFC Playoffs. The game ended up being the last for head coach Gary Kubiak, who led the team to a Super Bowl win in his first season at the helm last year. He plans to be the team's biggest fan going forward, and after 32 years in professional football, he definitely deserves to walk away on his own terms.
Over in San Diego, the team lost their regular season finale against the Kansas City Chiefs, and the loss proved to be the death nail for head coach Mike McCoy. McCoy spent four seasons as the team's head coach, compiling a 28-38 record overall. The 2016 Chargers were decimated with injuries on both sides of the ball, and if whoever takes over can get guys like Keenan Allen and Danny Woodhead back healthy, it could be a quick turnaround for the franchise.
The opposite can be said for Todd Bowles, the head coach of the New York Jets who saw his team flip their record in 2015 and 2016. After a solid 10-6 season in his first year at the helm, Bowles saw dysfunction and bad play factor into the team's 6-10 record this season. The Jets have a ton of question marks going into the offseason, but none may be bigger than who will be under center when they open up the 2017 campaign.
New England will have the No. 1 seed in the AFC Playoff this month, as they beat the Miami Dolphins pretty soundly on Sunday. Quarterback Tom Brady has played at an NFL level all season long, and finished his 12-game stretch with 28 touchdown passes. Brady was forced to miss the first four games of the season due to a suspension. They will sit and watch the Wildcard Weekend, before getting ready for the divisional round in two weeks.
Ever since coming into the NFL, Matthew Stafford has put together some better statistical years of any quarterback in the league. On Sunday night, Stafford became the fastest player to 30,000 passing yards, and he passed Hall of Famer Dan Marino. The Lions have been one of the surprising teams in the NFL this season, as they shook off the retirement of star wide receiver Calvin Johnson to put together their best season in years.
More from FanSided
This article originally appeared on
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
McWilliams launches new range
McWilliam's Wines has today launched a new range of wines, called the McW range, which comes from grapes in the cool climate regions of New South Wales. Source, The Shout.
Sonny Dykes expected to be named SMU head coach
SMU has been searching for a new head coach after Chad Morris left to take the Arkansas job, and it appears the Mustangs are on the verge of securing a replacement.
Bruce Feldman of FOX Sports reports that SMU has reached an agreement with former Cal coach Sonny Dykes. The hire is expected to be announced this week.
SOURCE: #SMU has zeroed in on ex #Cal & #LaTech HC Sonny Dykes to become the Mustangs next head coach. A deal is expected to get worked out today. — Bruce Feldman (@BruceFeldmanCFB) December 11, 2017
Like Morris, Dykes is an offensive-minded coach, so SMU is likely hoping he won't make any major changes to a team that is 7-5 this season and trending upward. The Mustangs rank 8th in the nation with 40.2 points per game.
Dyke has a lot of ties to the state of Texas. He currently works as an offensive analyst for TCU, and his father Spike was a successful head coach at Texas Tech. Dykes worked as an assistant at Texas Tech in the early 2000s and has also coached high school ball in the Lone Star State.
Dykes went 22-15 in three seasons at Louisiana Tech, which helped him land the Cal job. His tenure with the Golden Bears was disappointment, as he went 19-30 in four seasons.
Ellen Tran accused of second-degree reckless homicide
STAR JOURNAL REPORT
A 28-year-old Rhinelander-area woman has been arrested as a result of an investigation into the death of a 20-month-old boy Friday in the town of Newbold.
According to the news release from the Oneida County Sheriff's Office, Ellen Tran was taken into custody for second-degree reckless homicide.
The news released further notes the circumstances surrounding Tran's arrest relate to a 911 call the county's dispatch center received at 6:24 p.m. Friday when it was reported the child had trouble breathing and deputies and medics responded to a residence in the town of Newbold.
The child, who has been identified as Avery J. Edwards, was transported to St. Mary's Hospital in Rhinelander, where he was then flown out to St. Joseph's Hospital in Marshfield and passed away a short time later.
Chief Deputy Dan Hess said the sheriff's office is continuing its investigation into events surrounding the child's death. He also noted the Oneida County district attorney and the county medical examiner's office are assisting in the investigation.
NYU served 'racially insensitive' Black History Month meal New York University served up a “Black History Month” meal at one of its dining halls — complete with watermelon-flavored water and collard greens — and had to apologize when...
Trump should pardon boxing great Jack Johnson, who was railroaded by racism During Black History Month, we typically honor the accomplishments of black Americans from all walks of life. This year, President Trump could use this as an opportunity to right a...
Boston PD slammed after honoring a white man for Black History Month It wasn't the Boston Police Department's finest moment. Beantown cops took a beating on social media for tweeting about Black History Month by celebrating Boston Celtics legend Red Auerbach —...
Parents furious over slave question in math homework A Los Angeles elementary school is under fire for sending kids home during Black History Month with a math assignment that included a question about slaves picking cotton, according to...
School officials defend 'colored entrance' despite outrage Parents are sounding off after an Ohio high school decorated for Black History Month with a “white entrance” and “colored entrance” poster. St. Bernard-Elmwood Place High School has removed the...
Trump uses Black History Month event to complain about the media President Trump kicked off Black History Month Wednesday by quickly changing the subject to himself and his gripes with the press. Trump started a White House ceremony by praising the...
Parents outraged after principal stalls Black History Month show It's a Black History blackout. The principal of a Bronx elementary school has stalled plans to stage an extracurricular student show to celebrate Black History Month in February — and...
The last slave: 'Blind Tom' Wiggins' remarkable tale Black History Month, as the late president Gerald Ford eloquently said in 1976, encourages Americans every February to “seize the opportunity to honor the too-often neglected accomplishments of black Americans...
Sharpton heads to White House for civil rights leaders powwow Another day, another Al Sharpton visit to the White House. Sharpton met with President Obama, along with a group of some 20 other civil rights and faith leaders, Thursday for...
Does anyone know how to fix network comedies? Everybody knows that the television comedy series is in a sad state. But no one seems to know how to fix it. This fall's crop of sitcoms has all but...
Costumes, costumes and more costumes on TV this week 1. Black-ish Wednesday, 9:30 p.m., ABC Maybe the best Halloween costumes of the week. Dre (Anthony Anderson) has a hard time convincing his two eldest children that they're too old...
Grading TV's new fall shows: the early winners and losers We're only one month into the new TV season — an eternity in this dog-eat-dog environment. Early on, it's already apparent that several new shows have energized the prime-time landscape,...
Casey Wilson's manic attacks sink 'Marry Me' Comedies are taking it on the chin, or maybe the shin, this season. While melodramas and procedurals are doing well, new rom-coms such as “Manhattan Love Story,” “Selfie” and “A...
8 things to watch this week: Plenty of romance, and zombies 1. The Walking Dead Sunday, 9 p.m., AMC When we last saw Rick (Andrew Lincoln), Carl (Chandler Riggs) and Michonne (Danai Gurira) reached Terminus, they encountered some problems, namely a...
‘HIMYM' star Cristin Milioti engages in another fateful romance on NBC's ‘A to Z' After a breakout turn as The Mother in “How I Met Your Mother” last season, Cristin Milioti has her own sitcom — one that bears more than a little resemblance...
The characters and plotlines you'll be talking about this fall Breakout star Gina Rodriguez, ‘Jane the Virgin' Based on a popular telenovela, “Jane the Virgin” is the most charming and genuinely hilarious series to come along in quite some time....
Hot on the heels of a California state agency declaration that coffee doesn't pose a cancer risk after all, a study published in JAMA Internal Medicine has linked imbibing daily to a longer life, NPR's The Salt
reports.
The study of roughly half a million adults in the U.K. shows that people who drink coffee – even as much as eight or more cups per day – enjoy longevity benefits.
“We found that people who drank two to three cups per day had about a 12 per cent lower risk of death compared to non-coffee drinkers,” Erikka Loftfield, a research fellow at the National Cancer Institute, told NPR.
Researchers examined data from the U.K. Biobank: a decade-long genetic study that requires subjects to provide blood samples and complete a detailed health and lifestyle questionnaire.
In general, they found that coffee drinkers had a 10-15 per cent decreased death rate when compared to abstainers. Those who drank six to seven cups of coffee a day had a 16 per cent lower risk or death, while people who quaff eight or more cups were 14 per cent less likely to die.
All types of coffee revealed a benefit, whether decaffeinated, instant or regular (although the association was diminished in drinkers of instant coffee). And the longevity advantage applied to all coffee drinkers, including those who are genetically predisposed to metabolizing caffeine more slowly.
The study adds to a growing body of research supporting the positive impact of coffee on organs such as the heart and liver, and a decreased risk of diseases such as Type 2 diabetes. In much of the research, benefits have been identified in drinkers of decaf and regular coffee, which suggests that the advantageous ingredient isn't the caffeine.
Packed with nutrients and antioxidant-rich compounds, it's thought that these elements in concert may be behind coffee's healthful effects. As nutrition researcher Walter Willett of the Harvard School of Public Health previously told NPR: “”My guess is that they're working together to have some of these benefits.”
This jockeying for power is expected to offer all the drama that the March 2018 presidential race sorely lacks. Cloistered, for now, mostly behind the Kremlin walls, the intrigues are expected to burst into public view with increasing frequency as the end of Mr. Putin's next term approaches.
Several internal battles have already erupted publicly, including one exposed in startling court testimony last week in the corruption trial of a former economy minister, and another over the dismantling of a respected research university.
Photo
“You cannot hide the enormous tension, the enormous degree of uncertainty within the Russian elite,” said Konstantin Gaaze, who contributes political analysis to the website of the Carnegie Moscow Center, a policy research organization. ”They will do stupid things; they will blackmail each other; they will write reports about each other and bring them to Putin.”
For the coming three months, the election will be the main distraction. Then Mr. Putin, who will turn 72 in 2024, is expected to start building something of a retirement plan.
In the view of some analysts, the president believes that trying to retain the job for life would be a mistake. One day, if he stays too long, he could be hastily deposed — like the recent experience of President Robert Mugabe in Zimbabwe after 37 years in office.
“Putin thinks of himself as an historical figure, and he knows that if he wants to put himself into the history books, he should not repeat Mugabe's mistake — he should find the right time to leave,” said Konstantin Kalachyov, the head of the Political Expert Group and an occasional consultant for the Kremlin.
At the same time, Mr. Putin is likely to want to preserve some political role after 2024 and not simply retire to his dacha, or worse, end up in jail.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“He cannot just go,” Mr. Gaaze said. “He knows perfectly well that if his successor fails, they will both be prosecuted.”
Some expect Mr. Putin to reshape the Constitution to create some kind of higher military or security council, appointing himself to lead it and securing his influence. “I cannot imagine a situation where he gives all power to the successor; he does not trust anybody,” Mr. Gaaze said.
Photo
Mr. Putin has done something similar before. When his second consecutive term as president ended in 2008, he served as prime minister during the one-term presidency of Dmitri A. Medvedev, although it was understood he remained the country's ultimate leader. Starting with the election of 2012, the president's term in office was extended from four years to six.
Mr. Pavlovsky, who worked in the Kremlin under President Boris N. Yeltsin, recalled that the process to replace Mr. Yeltsin, who was ailing, began right after he won the 1996 election and would clearly not run again.
It meant rebuilding the state, not just replacing the man.
“We knew that Yeltsin would be gone in 2000, and we did not want the state to go with him,” Mr. Pavlovsky said. “It was Yeltsin's Russia. Yeltsin was going, so Yeltsin's Russia was going too, and we had to found a new Russia.”
Mr. Yeltsin appointed Mr. Putin his successor in 2000, and he has been the most powerful man in Russia ever since. Because Mr. Putin has centralized so much power, the question of who will succeed him is especially urgent.
“Today we have Putin's Russia,” Mr. Pavlovsky said. “If Putin is gone, Putin's Russia also has to go. That is also a dangerous situation. His entourage understands this and wants to preserve Putin's Russia after he is gone.”
So the various factions within the Putin Court will seek to convince the president to name an heir apparent who best preserves their collective interests.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For those angling to succeed the president, it is a high-wire act. Candidates need to be careful not to be seen as an immediate threat to the president, notoriously protective of his position. Push too hard, too fast, and a person could be purged.
Photo
And as 2024 approaches, Mr. Putin's ability to protect likely successors could lessen, putting them at risk of being brought down by rivals.
As a result, no one is expected to seek the heir apparent title openly.
“People considered possible successors are ready to pay not to be called that,” Mr. Kalachyov said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Kremlin dismissed talk of internal intrigues, with Dmitri S. Peskov, Mr. Putin's spokesman, calling such speculation the favorite pastime of political analysts. “That is what they do,” he said.
There have already been signs of Mr. Putin's influence starting to ebb, however, and a few brutish spats among the elite have spilled into the open.
Russia's former economy minister, Aleksei V. Ulyukayev, delivered a long, emotional soliloquy at the closing of his corruption trial on Thursday.
He faces up to 10 years in a penal colony on charges of soliciting a $2 million bribe to approve a major oil deal sought by the state oil giant Rosneft, run by Igor I. Sechin, a Putin ally and former military intelligence agent.
Mr. Ulyukayev pleaded not guilty, accusing Mr. Sechin of setting up a cloak-and-dagger sting operation by proffering a gift of fine wine and homemade sausages to disguise a brown leather satchel brimming with dollars.
Photo
In his speech, the former minister warned the Kremlin elite that anyone could be next in the docket. “Never send to know for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for thee,” he said, quoting the classic lines of John Donne. “It can toll for any one of you. It's become very easy: a bag, a basket, a grainy video, three clicks, and it's ready.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a show of force, Mr. Sechin refused a court summons to appear as a witness at the trial four times, saying he was too busy.
Aside from Mr. Ulyukayev, Mr. Sechin appears intent on crushing Sistema, a wealthy investment firm, by filing repeated lawsuits — despite public admonitions from Mr. Putin that he would like such disputes settled amicably.
Mr. Sechin also publicly, and unexpectedly, pledged to work with Ramzan Kadyrov, the autocratic leader of Chechnya. Both men have shown an increasing tendency to act independently of Mr. Putin, distancing themselves even though it was the president's protection that allowed both to become outsize figures with vast fortunes and personal fiefs.
If Mr. Sechin and Mr. Kadyrov share a common cause, it is trying to help choose the next president, the best insurance for those in the inner circle. “Because the others, except those who decide the successor to Putin, will all be in great danger,” Mr. Pavlovsky said.
The more Mr. Putin becomes a lame duck, analysts said, the less influence he may have in choosing a successor and the more Kremlin insiders will assert themselves. Many point to the case of the European University at St. Petersburg as an example that Mr. Putin's protection is no longer as robust.
By numerous accounts, Mr. Putin tried to preserve the university, a respected private, liberal, postgraduate institution. Conservative nationalists hated it, and real estate developers coveted the historic Small Marble Palace where it was housed.
First the university lost its building, and last week it was denied an operating license for the third time. The demise came despite what one senior university official and various Russian news reports described as three attempts by Mr. Putin to get the Education Ministry to protect the place.
“What matters now is your own potential independent of Putin,” Mr. Pavlovsky said, “because the moment is rapidly approaching when Putin will not be able to help you.”
The Josh Hamilton saga is growing more awkward by the minute. Hamilton, who is rehabbing from shoulder surgery and was recently found by an arbitrator to have not violated baseball's...
Intro
Scotland vs Slovakia
1st Half
If video player not appears in mobile devices. Scroll down to bottom and click "Classic version"
OKLAHOMA CITY — Suspects in the 1999 shooting deaths of an Oklahoma couple and the abduction of their 16-year-old daughter and her friend “bragged” about photographing the girls while they were bound, according to a court affidavit that outlines accusations against the only suspect who's still alive.
The affidavit cites an interview with an unnamed witness who said Ronnie Dean Busick “started running his mouth” about his involvement in the slayings and kidnappings, and that the girls “were kept alive for several days” while tied up, raped and tortured in a mobile home in northeastern Oklahoma.
Busick, 66, was charged Monday with four counts of first-degree murder, two counts of kidnapping and one count of first-degree arson in the killing of Danny and Kathy Freeman of Craig County, and the disappearance of teenagers Lauria Bible and Ashley Freeman.
Busick, who is currently jailed without bond in Kansas' Harvey County, was interviewed by investigators at least three times last year but denies having any direct knowledge about the case and claims he does not know where the girls are.
Busick was scheduled to be released Sunday after serving a 60-day sentence for violating probation in a 2013 felony marijuana possession case, said Jason Lane, the county's chief deputy attorney.
Instead, law enforcement from Oklahoma arrived Sunday to interview Busick and served a warrant, said Melissa Flavin, a spokeswoman for the Harvey County Sheriff's Office.
William Brown, Busick's attorney in the probation violation case, did not immediately return a phone message from seeking comment. Lane said Busick doesn't have an attorney in the Oklahoma case.
Authorities said the Freemans were shot to death on Dec. 30, 1999, in their mobile home in Welch, Oklahoma, about 70 miles (112.65 kilometers) northeast of Tulsa. The home was then set on fire to cover up the slayings. Two other suspects, identified by authorities as Warren Philip Welch II and David A. Pennington, died while the case was under investigation, authorities said.
Witnesses interviewed by investigators said Busick told them the girls were duct-taped to chairs and that a “bunch” of photographs were taken of them. Other witnesses recalled seeing photos of the girls “lying on a bed, facing each other, with their hands tied and their mouths gagged,” the affidavit said.
Authorities believe the teenagers were eventually killed and might be buried in a pit near Picher, Oklahoma, a former mining boomtown that has largely been deserted because of pollution.
Lauria Bible's mother, Lorene Bible, said she believes “somebody knows where these girls are.”
“We're not finished. I will not stop until we bring the girls home,” Lorene Bible said. “I need a place where I can go and say that's where my daughter is.”
The affidavit said Busick and the other suspects were linked to the case last year after authorities recovered a crate containing reports and files about the original investigator from the office of a former sheriff. Some documents were recovered from a private investigator who had also worked on the case, but investigative materials produced by a different private investigator were destroyed, the affidavit said.
Busick had multiple Kansas drug convictions, and he was imprisoned off-and-on in the state starting in the 1980s, Kansas Department of Corrections records show.
Share
Karen Sandler has a complicated relationship with her pacemaker. On the one hand, the device has the power to save her life. On the other, it sometimes suddenly and unnecessarily shocks her, mistaking a slight aberration in her heartbeat as a call for help.
Sandler was pregnant during two of those occasions, when the pacemaker detected her heart palpitations (which aren't abnormal in expecting mothers) and delivered an unwarranted jolt. Worried that the device would misfire again, Sandler asked the manufacturer for access to its source code, hoping to reconfigure the implant to suit her condition. The manufacturer denied her request.
“As the law stands, cyborgization promises to make us both more vulnerable and more powerful.”
“The only way that we could solve that problem was to have my cardiologist prescribe me heart medication, which slowed down my heart rate so much that I had a hard time walking up a flight of stairs,” Sandler tells Digital Trends. “The sole point of that medication was to prevent me from getting unnecessary treatment from my device.”
Sandler now serves as the executive director of Software Freedom Conservancy, a not-for-profit organization that promotes free and open source software, supports open source projects, and encourages policies more pertinent to the way we engage with technology in the present day.
She's one of a handful of modern-day cyborgs fighting for control of the tech that's in their bodies. This might seem like an esoteric issue — a topic that impacts the fraction of the population fitted with a medical device, prosthesis, or experimental implant — but as the number of people who are tethered to a device of some kind increases, cyborg rights and cyborg laws are bound to affect us all.
Cyborg society
We live in a society of cyborgs. Look at any bus stop or coffee shop — it's clear we're deeply, viscerally, compellingly intertwined with the technology around us. From the cellphone that's rarely out of reach, to the myriad data and metadata that weave together tapestries of our behavioral patterns and whereabouts, tech tools have become disembodied digital organs, like little minds in the palm of our hands.
“As the law stands, our cyborgization — our reliance on a 24/7 technological interfaces, whether physically incorporated into our bodies or not — promises to make us both more vulnerable and more powerful,” says Jane Chong, a lawyer and co-author of a Brookings Institute report on cyborg law.
Cyborg right's are not a new issue. For decades, people have equated the rights of cyborgs with the rights of humans in general.
“More vulnerable because we may be subject to new forms of compromise and exploitation, whether it's our privacy that's at stake or something else, like our right to make autonomous decisions regarding our health and health data. And more powerful because we may be able to put up new barriers when it comes to the government's ability to access information that it could previously have obtained by way of, say, a search warrant based on probable cause.”
This newfound technological power and vulnerability may need a whole new set of laws and regulations, according to Chong, ones aimed at protecting individuals (their data and enhancements) in a society rife with surveillance and digitization.
A brief history of cyborg rights
Cyborg right's are not a new issue. For decades, people have equated the rights of cyborgs with the rights of humans in general. In her 1984 essay, “A Cyborg Manifesto,” feminist and literary theorist Donna Haraway claimed with conviction that we “are all chimeras, theorized and fabricated hybrids of machine and organism; in short, we are cyborgs.”
The topic made national headlines in 2002, when Steve Mann, a Canadian engineering professor and longtime cyborg, who wears a web of wires and electronics to augment his senses, was accosted by airport security, strip-searched, and injured in the process. Beyond his physical and psychological distress, Mann calculated $56,800 in damages to his equipment. Ten years later, he was assaulted in a McDonald's in Paris, France because employees objected to his digital eyeglasses.
And the first government-recognized cyborg was announced in 2013, when Neil Harbisson, a colorblind artist and co-founder of the Cyborg Foundation, whose cranial antenna implant lets him detect color, lobbied the United Kingdom to let him take his passport photo with his device attached.
But cyborg rights have only recently begun to be argued in America's highest court.
In 2014, the United States Supreme Court ruled that police officers couldn't search a cellphone that was seized during an arrest, because cellphones are such intimate parts of our being that it would undermine the Fourth Amendment. “Modern cellphones…are now such a pervasive and insistent part of daily life that the proverbial visitor from Mars might conclude they were an important feature of human anatomy,” wrote Chief Justice John Roberts.
“People today have very few rights to the proprietary information implanted in them.”
The Supreme Court followed up that landmark decision with another one this June, ruling that police need to obtain a warrant to access cellphone data from carriers. By adopting digital-age privacy rules, the justices made the legal case for how our devices are extensions of our mind beyond the body. After previously referring to the cellphone as “a feature of human anatomy,” Roberts wrote that the cellphone “faithfully follows its owner beyond public thoroughfares and into private residences, doctor's offices, political headquarters, and other potentially revealing locales.”
The rights of individuals to argument their bodies with technology is also being argued abroad. In March, an Australian biohacker named Meow-Ludo Disco Gamma Meow-Meow was fined $220 for breaching the terms of use of a public transport company, Opal Card, after he implanted the chip from his metro card into his hand. He was required to pay an additional $1,000 in court costs on top of that. But after appealing his conviction, a district court judge overturned the conviction, citing Meow-Meow's good character and the “highly unusual [case] involving a unique set of circumstances.”
This case might not be as unusual as the Australian judge thinks. Biohackers around the world — not least among them, our own Emerging Tech editor — have embedded NFC chips and rice-sized RFID tags into the flesh of their hands, using the tiny implants to open apps, unlock doors, and store personal data.
Entire countries are even on board. Last year, Sweden began a trial using NFC implants for public transport. Around 1,500 test subjects had an NFC chip embedded under their skin, enabling them to check in at train stations simply by swiping their hand.
“Implants and other physical modifications are interesting because the body is in many respects a protected space under our laws,” Chong says. “We are going to see the emergence of a lot of gradations in that protection.”
Companies over consumers?
Historically, the company's right to its proprietary information has trumped a consumer's right to know the ins and outs of their device, according to Chris Hables Gray, a cyborg researcher at the University of California, Santa Cruz. Gray worries that new technologies that are more integrated with the human mind and body are still regulated as if they're old technologies, with their clear distinction between what's human and what's machine.
“People today have very few rights to the proprietary information implanted in them,” Gray says. “It's a real problem of capitalist priorities dominating over the rights of individuals to control their own destiny.”
Karen Sandler replaced her pacemaker after giving birth, opting for a new manufacturer, but still faces certain vulnerabilities that she says could be mitigated with access to the source code.
“Almost every pacemaker on the market now broadcasts by default,” she explains. “They have a wireless interface that's always open to connection, and currently there's no encryption on most of these devices so they're entirely exploitable.”
“The fundamental issue is we need a new baseline of guaranteed rights.”
Pacemakers contain personal information — including a person's name, heart condition, and doctor. A bad actor who decided to hack into a broadcasting implant could both access this information and manipulate the device to make it malfunction.
“Right now we basically have the worst of both worlds,” Sandler says. “We have no real security on these devices, which means that anyone with over-the-counter equipment can take control and deliver even fatal shocks … And we have code that is not available for us to review. So we have no transparency and no security.”
What cyborg rights might look like
A few quick fixes would help address Sandler's concerns. Among them, she says consumers should have the right to not broadcast data from their medical devices. Source code should also be made available for review by researchers, who could be given access to the code under a non-disclosure agreement, allowing them to test for vulnerabilities, share their findings with manufacturers, and only go public if the company fails to fix the product.
For Chris Hables Gray, a much more comprehensive reworking of the law is in order, which grants broader liberties and freedom to all individuals. He laid those ideas out in his Cyborg Bill of Rights.
“The fundamental issue is that we need a new baseline of guaranteed rights that aren't covered, but that we wish might have been covered, by the constitution or other statements of rights,” Gray says.
Linda MacDonald Glenn, a lawyer and bioethicist at California State University, Monterey Bay, agrees. She points out that laws evolve to reflect changing norms and insists that in our hyperconnected times we'll need a significant shift towards laws that accommodate people and technology as one.
Accountability and responsibility may be some of the biggest hurdles for cyborgs going forward.
“Traditionally under the law there's been this dichotomy,” she says. “Either you're a person or you're property. Perhaps it is time for the law to take this from a different approach. That is, rather than looking at it as a dichotomy, we might want to look at it as more of a continuum,” in which devices begin to blend with the personhood of their owner.
However, Glenn admits there could is a “dark side” to the continuum idea, which could lead to classifications of things as “not quite human” or “less than human.”
Questions about accountability and responsibility may be some of the biggest hurdles to emerge when shifting certain rights from companies to consumers, according to Kevin Warwick, a professor of cybernetics often regarded as the world's first cyborg. Although Warwick supports Sandler's right to inspect (and perhaps even alter) her pacemaker's software, he points out how that might complicate questions of accountability if the device were to malfunction.
“There are all sorts of legal issues there if she did have the [source code] and she decided to reprogram it so it worked in a different way,” Warwick says. “Who has the responsibility if she subsequently became ill or even died from it? Who bears the responsibility if she has taken over?”
These are the types of questions lawyers and lawmakers will argue over as we push further into the digital age. Their answers will shape the way we live as increasingly technological beings.
WHEN the American author, Joan Didion wrote, “We tell ourselves stories in order to live,” she meant that stories give meaning and shape to our lives. We need stories to remember and we need stories for others to remember us after we depart.
For the past eight years, Win Mitchell, a volunteer writer for the Life Stories project at Hospice Eastern Bay has been helping people facing end of life issues to harness the power of stories and to give a final narrative form to their lives.
Win is part of a larger, global network of writers who volunteer their time and expertise to help hospice patients write and record autobiographical stories that they can leave for their loved ones to remember them by.
Each hospice patient who participates in the programme is teamed up with a volunteer. Win is one of seven other Life Stories volunteers in the Eastern Bay.
Each year, Win helps about four hospice patients write their life story. As a Life Stories volunteer, Win meets with the patient for as many as six times or until they have a final product. Win emphasises, though, that the finished product is not as important as the process of the hospice patient thinking through and writing down important events of their life.
The meetings are generally scheduled for one hour but Win says she'll work with the patient for as long as their energy holds out. Win says she works hard to establish a trusting relationship with the patient. She looks for things that she and the patient have in common and spends a lot of time just listening to their stories.
At the end of each session, Win gives the patient some prompts to think about for the next session. Win came to her place as a Life Stories volunteer with a good deal of writing experience. She is a published author of fiction, travel and news writing and her work has been published in newspapers and magazines.
A course on biographical and autobiographical writing she enrolled in at Massey University helped her develop the kind of writing techniques she shares with her Life Stories patients. She became involved with the Life Stories project because she is good at and enjoys writing and she sees her work at Life Stories as a way to give back to the community.
As I talked with Win and as she told me about the people she has met and worked with through the Life Stories project, it became abundantly clear that it's her openness, her humanity and her compassion as much as her technical writing expertise that Win shares with her Life Stories partners.
Understandably, people facing end of life issues can become consumed and overwhelmed with the realities before them. The Life Stories project, acts to relieve some of that pressure and to give hospice patients something besides their illness to focus on. “They think about what they are going to write about next week, they discuss details of their life with friends and family.”
Win says as they are preparing their stories, the patients discuss things with friends and family and while this can't alleviate the enormity of what they are facing, thinking through the contours and the byways of the life they lived often relieves some of the sadness.
What's more, writing their life stories creates opportunities for the authors to share parts of their life that they hadn't previously shared with their family and friends. For instance, the son of a military veteran Win once worked with told her that as his father was writing his life story he opened up to the family about war experiences that he had never talked about previously.
Win quickly deflects any acclaim anyone sends her way, reminding me that she is just one of eight Life Stories volunteers. “People say to me,
‘That's a wonderful thing that you do,' but that makes me feel guilty because I don't look it as a wonderful thing. I look at it like I'm enjoying myself. You do have your moments when it gets a difficult but mostly these are enormously positive experiences.”
Still, when things do get too much to bear, Win has her Life Stories volunteer team to support her. The eight-person team meets every six weeks to discuss problems they are having and to “just be there for each other.”
“I've learned to not take people at face value. People have the most amazing stories. Everyone has a story. You just have to find it. It's a cliché but it's true. I learned that people are very brave and very courageous. By the time they get around to wanting a life story they have come to terms with the fact they won't be on this earth much longer.
“I don't meet people who say, poor me or why me, or the things you expect them to say. I just learned something about courage and how courageous ordinary people are.”
If you are interested in becoming a Life Stories volunteer, contact Cheryl at Eastern Bay of Plenty Hospice, 39 Gouldstone Road, Whakatane, phone 07 3072244.
By Eric Fretz
Man shot dead while driving in funeral procession BALTIMORE — Police say a man driving in a funeral procession was shot dead in Baltimore. The Baltimore Sun reports that Baltimore police Detective Jeremy Silbert said Monday that officers...
Mom who had heroin-addicted baby sentenced in his death BALTIMORE — A Baltimore woman whose baby was likely born addicted to heroin and survived only nine days will serve 30 years in prison. The Office of the State's Attorney...
Fire breaks out in building housing fire department's HQ BALTIMORE — Baltimore firefighters probably made record time arriving at the scene of a recent fire. That's because it broke out in the building housing the fire department's headquarters. Fire...
Woman drops $19K on kidney transplant to save 17-year-old cat How far would you go to save your favorite feline? Would you give up a new car? Cut back living expenses? Dip into your children's college fund? Well, that's exactly...
Baltimore's 11-day murder-free streak is its longest since 2015 There has not been a recorded murder in Baltimore in nearly two weeks, marking the city's longest streak without a murder since 2015, the Baltimore Sun reported. In 2014, the...
Police officer charged with faking video of drug find BALTIMORE — A grand jury has indicted a Baltimore police officer on charges of fabricating evidence and misconduct months after public defenders released a body camera video that they say...
Baltimore names new top cop after record year in homicides BALTIMORE — Deputy Police Commissioner Darryl DeSousa, who has steadily risen through the ranks during a 30-year career with Baltimore's police department, will take the helm of the force in...
Man arrested for setting up spy cam in mall restroom BALTIMORE — Police say they've arrested a man who set up a spy camera that recorded children and adults in the family restroom of a Baltimore-area mall. Baltimore County police...
White supremacist weighing plea deal in random killing of black man The white supremacist who horrified the city when he traveled north from Baltimore with the sole intention of randomly killing a black man is mulling a plea deal in the...
Lilian Tintori, center, wife of opposition jailed leader Leopoldo Lopez, greets supporters upon her arrival to a citizen assembly at the Chacao municipality in Caracas, Venezuela, on March 17, 2018. Opposition members will hold ‘citizen assemblies' in neighborhoods throughout Caracas to demand guarantees that upcoming presidential elections be free and fair. Fernando Llano AP
Which 'bubble' shows are in danger of getting the ax? We are about five weeks away from the major broadcast networks' announcements of their new fall schedules — which will mean judgment day for existing shows whose fates are still...
Which second-year shows are still thriving — and which are not aging well? I've recently taken a look at how first-year series have performed, and whether (or not) TV's oldies-but-goodies are still working. It's been a mixed bag on both fronts — which...
'Blindspot' newbie Archie Panjabi has moved on from 'Good Wife' backstage drama New “Blindspot” recruit Archie Panjabi left “The Good Wife” mysteriously in 2015, with her character — glamorous and devious special investigator Kalinda Sharma — turning on the heels of her...
Your 'Blindspot' questions are about to be answered “Blindspot” fans will one have their many pressing questions — like “Where is this show going?” — answered in Season 2 when they finally learn the real name of Jane...
'Chicago Med' actor recalls the time he told Jon Hamm 'I just love you' 1. Chicago Med Tuesday, 9 p.m., NBC Fans of “The Affair” know Colin Donnell as Scotty Lockhart, the felonious younger brother of Cole Lockhart (Joshua Jackson), whose murder is still...
Midseason finales are here — and it's only November The calendar says mid-November, but it's already midseason finale time for many network dramas. It's only been two months (or less) since shows such as “Scandal,” “The Walking Dead” and...
7 awesome under-the-radar actors you need to watch You definitely know their faces — but might not know their names. From Joanna Gleason (“The Affair”) to Marianne Jean-Baptiste (“Blindspot”) to Kevin Dunn (“Code Black”), they're those reliable, under-the-radar...
Jennifer Carpenter spills about whether she'd try 'Limitless' drug 1. Limitless Tuesday, 10 p.m., CBS This week's episode sees Brian (Jake McDorman) — guinea pig for the brain-boosting drug NZT — learn a shocking secret about the late father...
What it takes to create all those 'Blindspot' tattoos The “Blindspot” mystery is about to peel back a new layer. On Monday's episode (10 p.m. on NBC), the FBI team led by Agent Kurt Weller (Sullivan Stapleton) discovers a...
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Trump administration now appears to be escalating trade tensions with Beijing
On again, off again. The Trump administration seems to have a knack for keeping everyone guessing - not just on the North Korean summit - but also on trade.
So, is the US-China trade war back on?
Trade talks versus trade wars
Just a week after it looked like the US and China had agreed to put their trade war on hold, Washington now appears to be escalating trade tensions with Beijing.
Analysts say this move could cast a shadow over the potential success of talks between the US and China in Beijing over the next couple of days.
What the US wants from China
The talks, to be led by US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, are aimed at reducing the bilateral trade deficit. Currently, the US buys nearly four times as much from China as it sells.
Beijing has indicated that it will buy some US agricultural exports to balance the deficit, but that may not be enough to appease US trade hawks.
The US also wants to address the intellectual property theft that it alleges Chinese firms have benefited from, and the country's Made in China 2025 programme, which is a multi-billion dollar plan to help transform its high-tech industries into world leaders by 2025.
But the strength of this White House statement, which confronts years of unfair trade practices, among other issues, indicates that the Trump administration isn't getting what it wants from Beijing, and so is willing to up the ante.
Why now?
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross will lead trade talks in Beijing this week
Deborah Elms of the Asian Trade Centre says that particular White House announcement, and the timing of it, may just be another bargaining tactic.
In her latest note, she says the move seems designed to increase the pressure on China to co-operate ahead of trade talks between the two sides later this week, especially given the accusations that US President Trump has faced from the US press and domestic political circles (they've accused him of going soft on China).
What China wants
China has already expressed its discontent with the action. The Ministry of Commerce says the White House's action is "both unexpected and within expectation," and that China has the "confidence, capability and experience to defend the interests of Chinese people, and the core interests of the country".
A nuanced, diplomatic response.
But take a look at the nationalistic publication, the Global Times, and you get a better idea of what the Chinese may be thinking.
"Washington suffers from a delusion whereby it feels the US is strong enough to force other countries to accept their unreasonable demands," said Wednesday's editorial.
"Let them prepare for an 'epic trade war'."
The editorial goes on to say if China did actually go ahead with a full blown trade war, that America's farmers, automobile manufacturers, and energy workforce would be at risk.
Will the US strategy work?
So what do these latest moves by the White House mean for US-China trade relations?
Well, for one thing, Vinesh Motwani of Silk Road Research tells me that we're unlikely to see very much come from Mr Ross' upcoming visit to China.
Which means that a trade war between the two sides is far closer than it was late last week.
And as I've said before, that's not good for any of us.
Family that stumbled into baseball-card goldmine finds one more gem LOS ANGELES — What could be better than becoming a millionaire after finding seven vintage baseball cards while cleaning out your late great-grandfather's house? How about finding an eighth? The...
Mint-condition Mickey Mantle rookie card expected to break sale record Yankees legend Mickey Mantle is set to shatter one of baseball's priciest records. A mint 1952 Topps trading card featuring the Hall of Famer is expected to fetch an estimated...
Wife films tear-filled moment she tells husband she's going to be his kidney donor Heather Winfree is donating a kidney to her husband, Steven, and she broke the news through custom baseball cards. “Thanks for saving my life,” the baseball fan said in between...
Rare Aaron Judge rookie card sells for huge amount on eBay This rare baseball card of Yankee rookie sensation Aaron Judge has sold for $14,665 on eBay. It was one of just 10 special Topps cards made of the 25-year-old phenom...
‘Holy Grail' of baseball cards up for auction The world's most expensive baseball card has hit the auction block, and sports fans in Manhattan scored a peek at it Friday. The extremely rare 1909 Honus Wagner — which...
Man wins Bazooka gum prize nearly 60 years after contest He really stuck it to Bazooka! A Texas man found a collection of baseball cards from 1957 — and used a loophole to win a contest for a brand new...
Bible study group finds supreme collection of baseball cards A chance encounter at a Bible study session last month led to the discovery of a divine collection of baseball cards that stunned memorabilia experts have dubbed “The Texas Find.”...
Family stumbles upon baseball-card goldmine LOS ANGELES — From a crumpled paper bag in a dilapidated house came a baseball-card find of a lifetime. Seven of them, actually. Card experts in Southern California said Wednesday...
If you threw away your baseball cards, don't read this story A half-million-dollar Roberto Clemente baseball-card collection is at the center of a legal slugfest between two local auction houses. Leland's Collectibles of Long Island lost the first inning Thursday, when...
Looks like you are using an ad-blocker
to continue to provide you with unmatchable content, disable the ad-blocker
Accept
From POWRi
BELLVILLE, Ill (March 19, 2018) — This Friday and Saturday kicks off the Fifth Annual Turnpike Challenge at I-44 Riverside Speedway in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
With practice on Thursday night, teams will have the opportunity to gear up for what has become one of the largest outdoor events of the year, for both midgets and micros.
With over 60 POWRi Lucas Oil National and West midgets at last year's event, Christopher Bell was the class of the field, sweeping the annual co-sanctioned weekend. Bell's sweep places him at the top of the Turnpike Challenge winner's list, with six events wins to his name. The only other drivers to capture Turnpike Challenge victories include Matt Sherrell and Jason McDougal. Returning to Oklahoma, Bell has a target on his back as drivers look to chip away at his legacy. But, chipping away at Bell's accomplishments will be no easy feat, as I-44 is one of Bell's original stomping grounds from his micro-sprint days.
Set to open 2018 at the Fifth Annual Turnpike Challenge, the POWRi Speedway Motors 600cc Outlaw Micro League looks to see if Frank Galusha and Frank Flud can defend their victories in the second showing for the micros at the Turnpike Challenge. Both Joe B. Miller and Craig Ronk will be on a mission at this year's Turnpike Challenge, wanting to start 2018 on a strong note.
For additional information, visit www.powri.com, “Like” POWRi and POWRi West on Facebook and follow @POWRi_Racing and @POWRi_West on Twitter.
Deutsche Bank may be eyeing move to 2 World Trade Center Deutsche Bank, a name once unfairly associated with political inertia and delay at Ground Zero, could be the tenant that finally gets Two World Trade Center built to complete the...
Real estate tycoons' Top 7 fall projects With Labor Day behind us, school's in for the city's real estate power players. Here's our selective guide to the Lucky-7 big deals on their agendas. 1) EAST MIDTOWN REZONING....
Silverstein Properties leaning towards BIG 2 WTC design Silverstein Properties now has two 3 million-square-foot options for a new 2 World Trade Center tower, and we've now learned the developer is leaning towards the BIG one. The first...
Fox, News Corp. to keep HQs in Midtown 21st Century Fox and News Corp. won't be moving to the World Trade Center after all. Real estate sources told The Post, and the companies later confirmed, that the separate...
Port Authority backs 2 WTC discount for News Corp., 21st Century Fox The Port Authority board unanimously voted Thursday to offer 21st Century Fox and News Corp. a modest rent reduction at 2 World Trade Center if a deal is struck for...
Larry Silverstein seeking partner to build 2 WTC tower Larry Silverstein is seeking an equity partner or mezzanine debt investor to kick in roughly half a billion dollars toward the $4 billion tab to develop 2 World Trade Center,...
Image: Cory Asbury / Facebook
Bethel Music's Cory Asbury hit it big with his song about the “the overwhelming, never-ending, reckless love of God.”
“Reckless Love” reached No. 1 for Christian airplay last week, with more than 10 million listeners, according to Nielsen Music.
It's also back at the top of Billboard's hot Christian songs chart, thanks to a boost from none other than Justin Bieber, who recently posted a clip of himself singing the chorus on Instagram before performing the song as part of an impromptu worship set during the Coachella music festival in California. Earlier this year, Israel Houghton offered his gospel cover.
But when worship songs make it big, they also get subjected to a degree of theological scrutiny, and some have questioned whether the message of the hit song misrepresents the nature of God's love.
“A lot of people have asked why I use the word ‘reckless' to describe the love of God,” Asbury said in a Bethel Music promo. “I see the love of God as something wild, insane, crazy. The way that he pursues, chases us down, loves, I believe, is reckless. We were going after that really furious, violent language to speak of the nature of the love of God.”
Back in the '90s, Rich Mullins sang about the “the reckless raging fury that they call the love of God.” Similarly, in the worship song “Furious,” Jeremy Riddle, also of Bethel Music, describes God's love as “furious,” “fierce,” and “wild.”
About a decade ago, Christians were debating John Mark McMillan's “How He Loves” over the line “heaven meets earth like a sloppy wet kiss.” More recently, concerns over the “wrath of God,” as sung in the hymn “In Christ Alone,” led certain churches to alter the verse or stop singing the song altogether.
The chorus of “Reckless Love,” co-written by Asbury as well as Caleb Culver and Ran Jackson with Bethel Music, goes:
O, the overwhelming, never-ending, reckless love of God O, it chases me down, fights 'til I'm found, leaves the ninety-nine I couldn't earn it, and I don't deserve it, still, you give yourself away O, the overwhelming, never-ending, reckless love of God, yeah
The song unofficially debuted last year from Bethel Music before becoming the lead single off Asbury's album of the same name, which released in January.
The singer explained, “When I use the phrase, ‘the reckless love of God,' I'm not saying that God himself is reckless. I am, however, saying that the way he loves, is in many regards, quite so.”
Assemblies of God minister and theologian Andrew Gabriel pushed back against the distinction, saying that “you can't separate God from his attributes.” In a blog post addressing “Reckless Love,” he stated that “God loves us with clear and thoughtful intention,” not careless abandon. Even the parable of the lost sheep does not necessarily convey irresponsibility since scholars say shepherds routinely watched each other's flocks if one went away, he said.
Blogger Paul Yoo similarly made the case that the Bible does not portray such a free-wheeling Savior: “God's love seems reckless because he is so unconcerned about himself or his well-being in the way he loves. However…the whole Bible shows us that God is not unconcerned with himself but is ultimately for himself.”
CT asked Christian music experts to weigh in on “Reckless Love.” Most agreed that it's a good thing for Christians to examine the theology beneath catchy lyrics—and said it'd be reckless not to.
Wen Reagan, adjunct instructor of church history and worship at Duke Divinity School:
Reckless could be taken two ways here. One is with its common implication of “thoughtlessness” or “carelessness.” I think we can all agree that's not a very accurate description of God's love for us, and if that was the association here, then the song would be problematic. But I think there's a second connotation, and one better supported by the lyrical context. We might call it “foolishness,” and I think that's spot-on.
By the world's standards, God's love is foolish. It's extravagant, inefficient, scandalous. It throws a feast for the returning son who ran away with the inheritance and blew it. It hands you its coat when you steal its shirt. It blesses its enemies. It bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. As Christian mystic Saint Therese of Lisieux explained, it's never calculating or strategic. As songwriter John Mark McMillan put it, it's a sloppy wet kiss. Or, in this case, as Cory Asbury sings, it “leaves the 99.” Other sheep, that is. What kind of shepherd leaves the whole herd just to chase down a lost one? Some might say a foolish one. Or a reckless one.
Todd E. Johnson, theological director of the Brehm Center for Worship, Theology and the Arts​ at Fuller Theological Seminary:
There are two words that are helpful here. Myth, or that which we expect… and parable, or that which we do not expect: the last will be first, marriages end in divorce, the Samaritan is the best example of faith, and the kingdom of God is like a shepherd who leaves 99 sheep in search of the lost one. This reckless shepherd is a kingdom example in that parable, a reckless example with which we are still uncomfortable evidently.
Popular worship songs, past and present, are often more poetic than prose. The chorus of the once-popular hymn “I Serve a Risen Savior” is a good example. Jesus does not literally walk and talk with us, nor does Jesus literally live in our physical heart. But we know what this means because we do not take it literally, but metaphorically, poetically. Even when interpreted poetically, songs still convey a theology that may or may not be universally accepted. For example, in the Stuart Townsend and Keith Getty song, “In Christ Alone” it is proclaimed—directly, in this case, not metaphorically—“'Til on that cross as Jesus died, / The wrath of God was satisfied” Some churches do not sing this song (some even have attempted to change the lyrics) because they do not subscribe to the doctrine of substitutionary atonement. Songs are powerful instruments of faith, both forming and expressing faith.
For this reason, we are prudent to ask if we do, in fact, believe what we sing and sing what we believe and make this a theological and pastoral question used in the choices of the diet of music offered for our congregation's worship. To do otherwise would seem reckless.
Joel Heng Hartse, Christian music writer and reviewer:
Theologically and emotionally, [“Reckless Love”] seems good, although I always find it weird when worship songwriters insist vehemently on how much God loves “me.” I once heard a worship leader sing an original song that said of God “you journal about me every day.” I wish I were making that up. I guess I could see the bridge of this song as similarly self-focused (“There's no shadow You won't light up / Mountain You won't climb up / Coming after me”), which I've never really liked. I change “I” and “me” to “us” and “we” under my breath when I sing this kind of song in church.
I suppose we all get our hackles up when we see lyrics that don't jive with our theology—think of the “wrath of God was satisfied” versus “the love of God was magnified” change to “In Christ Alone” (I was on “team love” in that one)—but it would probably be better if congregations just wrote their own songs instead of relying on whatever is topping the charts. In theory, if your worship is an organic process emerging from who you are as a particular body of believers, you'd be less likely to get wrapped up in larger cultural disputes and be able to focus on what is being produced in your own church and whether it is an accurate reflection of that particular body's expression of devotion, worship, praise, lament, what have you.
Sandra Van Opstal, pastor, liturgist, and author of The Next Worship: Glorifying God in a Diverse World:
Christian worship is formation. People remember the songs they sing more than the truth that is preached. Given the accessibility of worship songs, the entire theology of this generation globally is being shaped by a dozen or so musicians in three different countries. That is what disturbs me.
My concern is not whether in this one case reckless is the right word to describe God; that misses the entire issue. My passion is for people to understand that the worship industrial complex has become so influential that millions of people around the world are being discipled via iTunes. The narrative of God and faith is in the hands of a few worship movements who aren't talking about how their social location, cultural values, and racial privilege shape their faith.
“Reckless Love” became popular because it is a catchy tune that speaks to all of our human desires to be loved and known, especially this generation that is less and less fully known given the forms of connection they use. A poetic song about someone's personal encounter with God doesn't rise to the top of the charts without the mechanism of popularity and privilege.
Dead and dismembered goats, chickens and other animals were found in a San Antonio-area home Friday night after police responded to calls of a suspected animal sacrifice ritual, authorities said.
At least a dozen people were arrested and charged with animal cruelty, the San Antonio Express-News reported.
“There's a misunderstanding but we're not going to talk about it,” a woman at the home told Fox 29 San Antonio.
Bexar County sheriff's deputies found the group inside a garage where a woman was cutting up animal parts and another person was draining the blood of a chicken into a container, Sgt. Elizabeth Gonzalez said.
“It appears that they were having some sort of unknown ritual,” Gonzalez said.
Officers found 11 of the suspects gathered in a circle, officials told the Fort Worth Star-Telegram.
Deputies additionally found multiple dead and mutilated animals in the residence, including goats and chickens.
As many as 14 people, men and women ages 23 to 65, were arrested and will face misdemeanor charges of cruelty to non-livestock animals, authorities said. The offense is a Class A misdemeanor, unless it is enhanced because of previous related offenses, they said.
Bexar County Animal Control Services removed several live animals from the scene, the report said.
Authorities identified 11 of the suspects: Alexander Gene Campos, 23; Ivan Felipe Gonzalez, 24; Carmen Maria Gonzalez-Trujillo, 41; Cynthia Gabriell Martinez, 29; Liza Mercado, 46; Marie Galan Murcia, 65; Ramon Patino Jr., 65; Luiz Rodriguez Ortiz, 41; Robert Talamantez, 55; Irma Garza Talamantez, 64; and Arteaga Ariel Torres, 39.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Hillary Clinton had to eat humble pie twice on election night.
Clinton apologized to President Obama for her bruising loss — right after calling Trump to offer him “congratulations,” according to a new book chronicling her 2016 presidential bid called “Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton's Doomed Campaign.”
“Mr. President, I'm sorry,” she said, according to a Washington Post's review of the book due out Tuesday.
The White House urged Clinton to concede as Trump claimed battleground states — some by slim margins — because Obama wanted to avoid a messy recount.
“You need to concede,” Obama told Clinton directly, later repeating the instruction to her campaign chairman John Podesta for good measure.
The directive came after Clinton ignored previous messages from White House staff to throw in the towel.
She conceded the loss publicly the next morning.
Click for more from the New York Post.
Okpekpe Road Race Appoints Ecobank Mobile App as Official Bank Service Platform – P.M. News
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Leaders of 28 countries are set to attend a Chinese summit next month showcasing President Xi Jinping's signature foreign policy plan, but few will hail from major Western countries.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said Tuesday that Vladimir Putin of Russia, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey and Spain's Mariano Rajoy are among those slated to appear next month in Beijing for a summit to discuss Xi's “One Belt, One Road” infrastructure investment program to stitch together the Eurasian continent.
Wang said leaders from France and Germany will not attend due to their domestic election schedules, not because they snubbed China.
China has sought to frame Xi's vision for the China-led development program as an inclusive project rather than a statement of geopolitical ambitions that should concern the West.
In an as-told-to essay for College Game Plan, Matt Czarnecki, co-creator of Verb, a caffeinated energy bar, reveals what he learned navigating the business development process as a student.
The CEO: Matt Czarnecki
School: Yale University class of 2018
From: Lexington, Massachusetts
My dorm room pitch
I've always been a health nut, and about a year and a half ago at a coffee shop on Yale's campus, I bought a coffee and a granola bar and paid over $6. I asked myself, why can't I pull this out of my backpack, and why isn't there a more convenient and less expensive way to get healthy energy?
I pitched the idea of a maximally convenient way to get caffeine plus food to an entrepreneurial incubator, Yale Launch, that I had started on campus. Two of my co-founders, Andre Monteiro and Bennett Byerley joined me from the founding class of the incubator, and we got to work in campus kitchens. Isaac Morrier, who was our last co-founder and just graduated, joined the team in September.
Bennett Byerley, Isaac Morrier, Andre Monteiro, and Matt Czarnecki. Matt's advice for other CEOs? "In entrepreneurship, there is no right answer." Verb Energy Bar
We worked night shifts 7 p.m. to 2 a.m. in a local kitchen, hand-making energy bars with caffeine in them and sold them to students. Our friends told their friends and it spread to the point where we couldn't keep up with the demand from students on Yale's campus.
That's when we realized we were on to something.
How we grew
We raised some funding from Kevin Ryan, who's a Yale alum and started Business Insider, to make Verb at scale.
This past winter we did a deep dive into brands. Isaac, our CMO, did some long-form interviews with our customers. We set out to create something like a Red Bull; you'd have this product before a big exam or a hard workout, but when he interviewed our best customers, we learned they were having Verb every single day. So we really designed the brand and packaging and even taste of the bar around this idea of something that's good for you every day.
We officially launched a new product in April and sold 10,000 bars in our first 30 days.
We did 127 recipes before getting to the one we had now. None of us has any food experience, though I worked at a food startup in Boston. It's just been getting our hands dirty in the kitchen and learning — that's what we are all about as a company.
Verb Energy Bar
How it works
We all eat two Verb bars a day, sometimes three. The four of us are also very into fitness, so we make time for maybe 30-60 minutes a day to work out. That's how we did a lot of our testing.
We started by experimenting with all sorts of caffeine sources: guarana, guayusa, maca, green tea caffeine, coffee beans. Green tea was the best way to deliver long-lasting energy. I'm a biochemist by trade, and green tea has high levels of antioxidants and L-theanine, a plant-based amino acid that helps to prolong the caffeine release and prevents a crash.
Our balance
Time spent on Verb: 9-10 hours
Time spent studying: 2-3 hours
Time spent sleeping: 7 hours
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Katy Tur: Why I Chose UC Santa Barbara 2:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
My advice for other CEOs
You will have a lot of people try to tell you what to do. And it's easy at the beginning to think that they have the right answer. But the fact of the matter is that in entrepreneurship, there is no right answer. It's not an exam, and we've learned as a team to listen to advice from others but decisions come from us. We've made some great decisions and some terrible ones, but we've learnt to trust ourselves, make those decisions and move on.
A plumber from Minneapolis — who claims he has seen Bigfoot — was wearing a homemade suit of raccoon pelts in the woods of North Carolina when a group of Bigfoot hunters mistook him for the legendary beast.
Gawain MacGregor, 36, said he was alone Friday night in McDowell County, northeast of Asheville, when he donned his furry suit to perform a shamanistic ritual.
“This particular night, I heard some sounds and I saw some lights,” MacGregor told The Post. “We were both startled and rather than to say anything, I just turned around and swiftly went back to my tent and went to sleep. They didn't communicate anything with me and then I saw on the news that they reported seeing a Sasquatch, so I called the cops and gave them the deal.”
That prompted John Bruner of Bigfoot 911 to post on the group's Facebook page that he spotted the beast during a search with his team, claiming that he saw “details of the creature,” including its face and hair, which was “matted and stringy.”
“The eyes were farther apart than human eyes,” Bruner wrote on the group's page, according to the Charlotte Observer.
Police in Greenville, South Carolina, then issued a tongue-in-cheek warning on its Facebook page on Tuesday with video from nearby Boone, North Carolina, of another possible Bigfoot sighting from 2015.
“I think we can say with some confidence that proof of Bigfoot still eludes us,” the post read. “If you see Bigfoot, please do not shoot at him/her, as you'll most likely be wounding a fun-loving and well-intentioned person, sweating in a gorilla costume.”
MacGregor, who claims he's had Sasquatch encounters in three states, said he has been wearing the suit more than five years and has seen people in wooded areas before, some of whom have asked for pictures. Never before have those encounters led to any type of confrontation or warnings — sarcastic or otherwise — from law enforcement agencies, he said.
“I said, ‘Hey, I'm just letting you know that the story in the news about Sasquatch was me, and just to set the record straight, I don't want any trouble,'” MacGregor recalled of his discussion with police. “'But I also don't want any misinformation out there.' I'm not sure they took me too seriously.”
MacGregor said he's had encounters with Sasquatch, whom he characterized as an “angel of the forest” rather than a flesh-and-blood animal, in Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan.
“I've never communicated with him, I've only looked him in the eye,” he said. “I don't think that Sasquatch is an animal. You have all these sightings and no one has been able to find a body. So, you either have these encounters that aren't real or there's a supernatural explanation.”
But Bruner doubled down on his take on the alleged sighting on Thursday, saying there are a “few problems” with MacGregor's version of events.
“The creature that I saw was 8′ tall with stringy matted hair,” Bruner posted on Facebook. “The gentleman in the picture [doesn't] appear [to be] tall and is in a suit that appears to have short brown fur.”
The beast that the Bigfoot 911 group saw, according to Bruner, moved in a way that no human could and had no hair on its face, unlike MacGregor's homemade suit.
“As I said we tracked this creature for over an hour without seeing anything again,” Bruner wrote. “Folks I am not making any money here I do this because I love it, I am trying to solve a mystery for me … and why anybody would say this is beyond me, It makes me question whether I will post further expedition findings on social media.”
PARIS — Paris' prosecutor's office says that three suspects in a thwarted attack last week in the southern French city of Montpellier have been handed preliminary terrorism charges.
Authorities gave on the suspects' first names. A teenage girl, Sara, and a man called Thomas were charged with terrorist association and possessing explosives Tuesday night. Another man, Malik, was also charged with justifying terrorism.
Last week, anti-terrorism forces uncovered a makeshift laboratory for fabricating a bomb. France's top security official Friday said the raid thwarted an “imminent attack.”
A police official said the teenage girl — among several arrested — had pledged loyalty to the Islamic State group in a recent video.
France is still under a state of emergency after several deadly attacks in 2015 and 2016.
MINUTES OF THE
SEPTEMBER 26, 2017 SCHOOL BOARD WORK SESSION AND MEETING
1415 81ST AVE NE, SPRING LAKE PARK, MN
This is an abridged version of the September 26, 2017 School Board Work Session and Meeting minutes. The complete version can be found on the District website at springlakeparkschools.org and at the District Services Center in the Superintendents Office.
A. Call To Order
Chairperson Stroebel called the meeting to order at 6:01pm. The following School Board members were present: Stroebel, Ruch, Hennen, Forsberg, Easter, and Delfs, along with Superintendent Ronneberg. School Board member absent: Amundson, professional reasons.
B. Agenda Approval – the agenda was approved as presented.
C. Discussion Items
Inviting Student Learning Environment Project Update: Learning with Franklin Campbell Jones – Mr. Franklin Campbell Jones with Campbell Jones & Associates spent approx. 90 minutes with board members giving them a flavor of the professional learning work going on with +70 Spring Lake Park Schools staff members over the next few months on the topic of Cultural Proficiency. Mr. Campbell Jones led the board members through various activities and opportunities to further their understanding of the learning taking place.
District Operational Plan: Brief Project Updates – Dr. Ronneberg briefly reviewed the current draft of the Boundary Study Guiding Change with the board to get feedback an additional time as Ms. Schultz starts her work with the design team and input team. The board members had no suggestions for changes to the guiding change document or timeline. Dr. Ronneberg shared an update on other facility related projects
School names – new K-4 elementary school – Mr. Noyed gave an overview of the school naming process, including timeline, solicitation of possible names, and online surveys to narrow the list of options. With board input the list was previously pared down to five names and a follow-up survey was conducted. Board members discussed the survey results, and narrowed the list to thee names for further consideration. They will take additional time to consider these names before determining next steps.
Enrollment Update – Ms. Schultz gave a quick overview of K-12 enrollment, noting that enrollment is up approximately 105 students this year. This is the year that Hazel Reinhardt predicted a lower Kindergarten class size. Currently Ms. Reinhardts prediction for enrollment for the 2017-2018 school year is accurate, different by only 11 students. A more in-depth enrollment report will be shared at the November board meeting.
Preliminary Taxes Payable Levy 2018 Overview – Ms. Schultz shared information regarding the preliminary taxes payable levy for the 2018-2019 school year, reviewing the levy from last year, this year, and the changes between the two, along with the property tax calendar. This levy generates revenue for the 2018-19 school year. Board discussion centered around the administration recommendation to under levy – decreasing the maximum levy of 5.5% to 2.7%, a decrease of $625,000. Wording of Action Item 1 was updated to reflect that change, removing the word maximum and replacing with the actual levy amount as shown in the action item.
Other – Dr. Ronneberg updated the board on a recent superintendent meeting regarding next steps in the withdrawal procedure from TIES.
D. Action Items
1. Certify the Proposed 2017 Payable 2018 Property Tax Levy in the Amount of $22,864,141.30 was approved.
E. Adjournment – adjournment of the meeting was approved. Meeting adjourned at 8:26pm.
Amy Hennen, Clerk,
Spring Lake Park Schools,
Independent School District 16
Published in the
Blaine/Spring Lake Park Life
October 6, 2017
741804
By now, most of us – even conservatives – know that Donald Trump has no business being in the White House or running the country. Unfortunately for Trump, even the words of his own White House staffers can be used as evidence that he needs to be removed from office for his irresponsible behavior.
According to Axios.com, an anonymous White House staffer stated that Trump's terrifying “calm before the storm” comment during a White House photo shoot didn't mean anything – Trump was just “trolling” the media.
In an interview with MSNBC's Stephanie Ruhle this morning, Axios political reporter Jonathan Swan said:
“I think there's a high degree of probability that he's trolling everyone.”
Apparently, this anonymous White House source had told Swan “Don't you get it? He's trolling all of you.”
America should be able to trust its president, but that's clearly not the case with Trump. Swan pointed this out that Trump was extremely irresponsible to play around like this. Swan noted that when surrounded by military leaders, to “troll” about something like that “could have serious consequences.” Swan commented on Trump's “madman kind of approach” and said:
“But this is what he does with national security. Obviously, there are risks to that kind of conduct.”
You can watch the interview below:
.@jonathanvswan on Trump's ‘calm before the storm' comment: “I think there's a high degree of probability that he's trolling everyone.” pic.twitter.com/PTr7Vh0YXB — Axios (@axios) October 6, 2017
Trump's behavior is reckless and dangerous. He makes comments and spews nonsense without even thinking about the consequences and how he might be hurting the country. A president should not be “trolling” anyone – he should be working hard to lead the country and take care of the critical issues that the American people are facing. Unfortunately, that is hardly the case with this imposter.
Featured image via Drew Angerer / Getty Images
A Florida judge sometimes wears yoga clothes under her black robe.
At noon on the last Friday of every month, Duval County Judge Eleni Derkie strips off the robe and heads to the front lawn of Jacksonville's courthouse where she leads a yoga class that's free to anyone who shows up.
The Florida Times-Union reports Derke has taught yoga since 2014 but says her counterparts in the legal profession aren't always the easiest converts.
Courtroom bailiffs sometimes tease her, but Derke says yoga provides a few moments of peace during an otherwise stressful day. Sometimes, she's even been known to urge jurors to stretch and take deep breaths during lengthy trials.
She'll continue the classes this year until the weather gets too hot.
Slide a new coat of paint over dull walls to create a fresh, new space. From adding a pop of color to covering signs of wear and tear, learn five reasons new paint is the right response to your home décor conundrum.
When old paint needs replacing
Every space, residential or commercial, begins to show visible signs of wear and tear over time. Dark streaks, scratches in the paint, and peeling all have a negative impact on the overall feel of your home. A simple paint job is the solution. Choose a new color and redo the whole wall, or cover scuffs with a fresh coat of the existing color.
When you're getting ready to sell
Paint over colors that could limit your pool of buyers with neutral tones, or use paint to create the illusion of a larger space. New paint is a quick way to up your home value, and appeal to potential buyers. And it works in commercial spaces, too! If you want businesses to rent space from you, make them attractive with a fresh coat of paint.
When you're after a new look
Sometimes homeowners feel the urge to update. A new coat of paint can create the change you're yearning for. If your paint is in good shape, consider creating a colored accent wall or adding subtle stripes or a chevron pattern to a room. With the right colors, you can completely make over the space; and paint is considerably less expensive than a complete renovation.
When you want to preserve the look of your home
Paint provides a layer of protection for your walls and other surfaces. It can prevent surface deterioration, protect against rough weather, and keep moisture out, which is important for the prevention of mold and fungal growth. Some paint types provide more protection than others, so always consult with a professional before you purchase. Painting the interior of your home also reduces the appearance of dust, stains, and fingerprints.
When you need to save money
In the long run, painting saves money. It's a less expensive way to update the look of your home and it protects against damage that could become costly in the long run.
Get a Quote:
Kelso's Painting, Inc.
6373 Landmark Pl., Stockton
(209) 931-4135
KelsosPainting.com
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The Oklahoma Department of Transportation has scheduled a public meeting at 6 p.m. Tuesday at the Heartland Retreat Center, 4010 S. Anderson Rd., to present information on a project to widen Interstate 40 from Douglas Boulevard near Midwest City to the I-240 junction.
When you're the star who owns a 31,000-square-foot mansion with a full-length basketball court, helicopter landing pad and 24 60-inch flat screens, income equality is inherently difficult to broach.
Even trickier is making a staunch argument that your brethren are underpaid, and the NASCAR industry needs revenue redistribution.
Denny Hamlin might not be the ideal guy to make the case, but he is the right guy to put forth a complex and divisive topic that at least is worthy of attention and conversation.
A little more than three years ago, the Joe Gibbs Racing driver gathered his peers in the parking lot of the NASCAR R&D center, handed out notecards with talking points to ensure consistent messaging and went inside to meet with Mike Helton and other NASCAR executives.
That was the genesis of the Drivers Council, which is in its third year of tackling major issues in Cup through regular audiences with the sanctioning body.
“It's because I'm passionate about it,” Hamlin explained during a February episode of the NASCAR on NBC podcast. “Gibbs says the same thing every time we come around to contract negotiations: You're very passionate about something and stick to your guns.
“I just feel like when I'm passionate about something, first I want to make sure it's right. I don't want to just say, ‘This is my idea, and it's right because it's my idea.' I want to get feedback from other drivers on that to make sure it's the right idea. I'm passionate about it, and I feel I have a way to communicate that to NASCAR without pissing them off at times.”
Not always, of course.
Hamlin's comments Wednesday morning weren't received well in some powerful corners of the Cup Series (on Thursday, NASCAR senior vice president Steve O'Donnell said Hamlin “might need to speak to some of the other stakeholders and maybe get a little bit better education”) and assuredly led to some form of him being read the riot act by someone with a board-level title. And it isn't the first time he has been willing to enter the crosshairs for what he believes in, either.
This is the same driver who once steadfastly refused to pay a fine in March 2013 for a rather innocuous review of the Gen 6 car that was deemed “detrimental to stock-car racing.” A deal eventually was brokered in which he paid, but NASCAR took the major PR hit because Hamlin stood his ground.
A few years before that, it was an unannounced $50,000 fine for an offhand remark about debris cautions on Twitter. NASCAR discontinued its secret fine system a year later.
The son of a trailer-hitch business owner from the Richmond, Va., area, has his detractors for living lavishly (he hasn't been shy about showcasing his Lake Norman abode), but there can be no questioning Hamlin's willingness to go to the mat for that which he believes.
And the even-keeled manner Wednesday in which he addressed the economics for drivers and teams was indicative of the fact that he clearly has deliberated on this for a long time before landing on a position that was controversial for many — notably fans who are tired of hearing about athletes commanding nine- to 10-figure annual salaries and demanding more.
The question of whether pro sports stars are worthy of such disproportionate compensation is a separate argument for another day, but it's indisputable that NBA and NFL players have among the best labor deals in pro sports – receiving roughly 50% of their leagues' primary revenue streams.
It also is beyond debate that if there is a driver qualified to weigh in on that, it's Hamlin – regardless of his opulent lifestyle (whether it's fair to judge how he or anyone chooses to spend their money is yet another question).
In the absence of Jeff Gordon, Tony Stewart and now the impending retirement of Dale Earnhardt Jr., there are fewer drivers than any point in recent memory willing to embrace the scrutiny that accompanies speaking out on a major issue, particularly in a league that is beholden in many ways to image-conscious corporate sponsors.
Hamlin and Brad Keselowski are those who most consistently voice objections when they feel strongly about a topic, and in Wednesday's case, it's an issue that should concern everyone – the long-term viability of race teams that make the weekly show possible.
After being asked about whether the 2018 rules would help reduce costs for teams, Hamlin confirmed it would to a degree (via “stacking pennies,” as it's known in NASCAR vernacular). But he also leaped to a larger solution: Finding a way teams no longer would be so reliant on corporate sponsorship, which is becoming scarcer each season (for some reasons beyond NASCAR's control).
“The pie has to be shifted,” he said, implying that race teams, which currently receive a quarter of the largest guaranteed revenue stream, should be given more.
This is where things get complicated in an unavoidable mess of optics.
If you're having an honest discussion about making team financials work, it's natural to ask whether it should start with jettisoning driver salaries that can be a massive seven- or eight-figure line item. Hamlin was asked just that Wednesday, and he candidly responded that drivers are underpaid, particularly those on the back half of the grid.
This understandably is a hard sell to a fan base that is middle class and traditionally blue collar. No one wants to hear that drivers who make millions aren't getting their due. From a philosophical standpoint, no professional athlete is underpaid.
But in the real world, it's fact that NASCAR drivers don't stack up with their counterparts – even though they are face greater occupational hazards (yes, the riskiest jobs often don't draw the largest salaries – this is comparative analysis, not an exacting thesis on the shortcomings of capitalism).
NFL and NBA players earn a greater percentage of league income through their labor contracts (again, it's a separate discussion why stock-car racing doesn't have them, and drivers are in a weaker position partly of their own making). NASCAR driver salaries are closely guarded secrets, but it's reasonable to presume it's nowhere near 50% of guaranteed revenue.
When Hamlin lobbies for driver earnings to be commensurate with other leagues, he isn't suggesting he deserves the $40 million annual deals that many NBA stars are getting (though he and other NASCAR stars probably should get a similarly proportionate shake, the NBA's current popularity makes it more flush with cash).
Hamlin isn't so tone-deaf to demand his lakeside estate could use a few technological add-ons and a new parquet court.
But he is arguing the disparity from the top to bottom of the grid needs to be fixed. There are benchwarmers in the NBA who are earning more annually than all but a handful of NASCAR stars. The last quarter of a NASCAR field isn't anywhere close to that stratosphere.
How does that get addressed?
Well, making the teams more self-sufficient – the starting point Wednesday for Hamlin – would help. Should that help come from racetracks owned by publicly traded companies that are receiving a lion's share of revenue (again, another way in which NASCAR understandably is different from other pro sports leagues)?
These aren't easy topics for the NASCAR industry to ponder, but they get addressed only after starting a dialogue.
And as usual, Hamlin was the one willing to go there.
While you're screaming about his lofty standards of living, it's worth remembering he partly enjoys them because of his willingness to fight.
XXX
As the oldest driver at Hendrick Motorsports by more than 17 years, the comforting interaction of Jimmie Johnson, 42, with Chase Elliott, 21, after Sunday's race at Dover could be a preview of an expanding role for the seven-time series champion as mentor in 2018. Alex Bowman, 24, and William Byron, 19, will race Cup for Hendrick next year.
“I'm here for those guys,” Johnson said Thursday night during Hendrick's splashy car and driver unveiling for next season. “I honestly walked over to Chase, and I didn't know what to say. He didn't really know what to say, either. But it was ‘Hey buddy, I'm here, if you want to scream, yell, punch something, kick something, anything you need, I'm here.' He's like, ‘I don't even know what to say.' I said, ‘That's fine, just know when or if or whatever it might be, I'm here.' I've had guys here for me, I just want to be that person for my teammates as well.”
When Johnson joined Hendrick in 2002, he spent his early years just watching Jeff Gordon and said he can sense Byron (who grew up in the same neighborhood where Johnson lives) doing the same.
“It can be as simple as just being around and seeing how people carry themselves to actually sitting down and working through a given topic,” he said. “I am aware that (Byron) is paying attention and Alex is, and I need to lead by example on a lot of fronts. But at same time, we might have to sit down and talk through some things, too.”
It's a little new for Johnson, who only last year shifted into more of a leadership role in becoming Hendrick's driving dean with the retirement of Gordon.
“The majority of my career has been the up and coming, the young gun, all these titles in front of my name,” Johnson said. “Then veteran appeared, and now it's like senior citizen. It definitely is different, but I'm young at heart, so I'll fit in well, and I know all three of these guys so well, and excited to have that youth in our program.”
XXX
Alex Bowman also is the guest on the latest NASCAR on NBC podcast, discussing his road to the No.88 Chevrolet, the advice he's gotten from Dale Earnhardt Jr. (and the social media tips he has offered him) and the harrowing Midget crash that once left him in intensive care for several days.
You can listen to the podcast by clicking on the AudioBoom embed below or download and subscribe to the podcast on Apple Podcasts by clicking here.
It also is available on Stitcher by clicking here and also can be found on Google Play, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
The free subscriptions will provide automatic downloads of new episodes to your smartphone.
XXX
There have been industry meetings galore in Charlotte this week with Sunday's quasi-home game at Charlotte Motor Speedway bringing virtually all of the industry power brokers to NASCAR's hub.
With the 2018 rules distributed to teams Tuesday, NASCAR met Thursday afternoon with Goodyear about next season to lock down the competitive landscape for 2018. After that's done, O'Donnell said meetings will begin in earnest on mapping out the Gen 7 car that is expected to be phased in within the next few years.
XXX
A documentary about Danica Patrick directed by longtime ESPN anchor Hannah Storm is expected to make its debut next month, and a trailer that briefly appeared online last week hinted that it will be quite revelatory.
In a preview that ran a couple of minutes, the Epix production alluded to Patrick's fiery outbursts, her desire to start a family and her diminishing tolerance for questions about her career and motives. There also were snippets of an interview with Bobby Rahal, her former car owner in IndyCar, who predicted Patrick would have won the Indianapolis 500 by now if she hadn't transitioned to NASCAR but added that she increased her earnings power by racing stock cars.
Patrick has tweeted the movie's release is scheduled for Nov. 8.
Can't wait for you all to see the @epixhd documentary that @HannahStormESPN directed. I have… https://t.co/objFgYwAUw — Danica Patrick (@DanicaPatrick) July 25, 2017
XXX
Ryan Blaney did two things after his Xfinity win at Dover International Speedway that were trend-worthy, but only one drew much attention. While admirably giving the checkered flag to a young fan deserved the raft of attention it received, the Team Penske driver's decision to skip a postrace victory burnout also should be hailed as an example for others to consider.
“It's not really my thing,” said Blaney, who also skipped burnouts after an Xfinity win at Charlotte in May and his first Cup win at Pocono Raceway in June. “I used to do them and just not a fan of them anymore, especially when people destroy their race cars. That raises a lot of questions.
“I just don't think that it's really that nice to do. That's just something personal that I don't think a big smoky burnout (does). You can just go down there and give a big wave to the fans, and they get pretty pumped up about that as a big, smoky burnout and all that. Just personal preference.”
It's a preference we wouldn't mind seeing the rest of his generation adopt, particularly with the recent questions about a celebration that really does nothing more than amplify exuberance with mind-numbing destruction. There are classier ways to carry the checkered flag, as Blaney showed.
Man loses foot to flesh-eating bacteria he thought was blister A day care teacher who thought a blister on his foot was caused by his shoe learned it was a dangerous, flesh-eating bacteria — and had to have his right...
Viral Facebook post has people thinking twice about using hand dryers A viral Facebook post has people thinking twice about using bathroom hand dryers. “Ok guys..ready to have your mind blown?!” writes Nichole Ward, of California. “This here, Is what grew...
Earth's atmosphere is raining viruses and bacteria If you like to start out your day by opening your window for a big breath of fresh air you might want to rethink your habits a bit. A new...
Climate change could be poisoning your food The old adage about not eating oysters in months that contain the letter “R” may have to be updated. Two foodborne pathogens — Vibrio and Cryptosporidium — are becoming more...
Romaine lettuce warning issued after E. coli outbreak People should avoid eating romaine lettuce amid an outbreak of a dangerous strain of E. coli bacteria that has sickened 58 people in the US – including New York —...
If North Korea's nukes don't scare you, take a look at its biological weapons The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse — Pestilence, War, Famine and Death — gallop through the Book of Revelation, and they've put in plenty of grim appearances elsewhere. Lately they've...
The vagina has an environment 'like acid rain,' and thank God for that As cold and flu season returns to knock many of us on our backs, a new book reveals just how successfully our bodies keep us on our feet. “Immune: How...
These foods will keep your vagina happy and healthy We think a lot about what foods our body needs to function well — from what nutrients our brain needs to process information correctly to what foods to eat if...
Discovery in Antarctica changes everything we know about aliens Bacteria discovered on the icy continent of Antarctica is set to change the way humanity looks for alien life on other planets. To date, our search for habitable worlds that...
Mayflies swarm gas station in Slidell Submitted video from Sandy McCormick shows a swarm of mayflies at a gas station in Slidell, La. McCormick said "usually they are just on the ground and when you drive over them they make a "mayfly dust cloud" behind the car. " Sandy McCormick jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Submitted video from Sandy McCormick shows a swarm of mayflies at a gas station in Slidell, La. McCormick said "usually they are just on the ground and when you drive over them they make a "mayfly dust cloud" behind the car. " Sandy McCormick jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com
Some investors are excited about bitcoin futures, and others think bitcoin itself is a fraud.
Most investors ought to focus on, for example, 11 bitcoin-related stocks due to much lower risk. Even if you are not a bitcoin BTCUSD, -3.55% enthusiast and are happy limiting yourself to stocks and ETFs, you still need to pay attention to the propaganda in the social media about bitcoin futures that may affect you as a stock (and bond) investor. Let us start with an analysis of a bitcoin future XBTF8, -4.61% chart, and then we will get into the lies.
Chart
Please click here for an annotated chart of bitcoin futures' January 2018 contract. The futures are now trading at Cboe CBOE, +0.86% Futures will also soon start trading at CME CME, -0.07% and later on the Nasdaq NDAQ, +0.56% Please note the following from the chart:
• Bitcoin futures' trading range is very wide.
• There are no typical footprints of extensive short-selling as of this writing.
• Bitcoin futures are highly volatile.
Ask Arora: Nigam Arora answers your questions about investing in stocks, ETFs, bonds, gold and silver, oil and currencies. Have a question? Send it to Nigam Arora.
Manipulation
First, you need to know about “bitcoin whales.” Bitcoin whales refer to a small number of people who control a large amount of bitcoin. According to one report, less than 1,000 people may control 40% of all bitcoin. On the other side are relatively unsophisticated retail traders, some even putting their lives savings into bitcoin. This is a perfect setup for manipulation.
Regulation
Bitcoin futures, however, are regulated. This is being promoted as a virtue of the bitcoin futures. However, the underlying bitcoin itself is not regulated. Can the regulation of a derivative be successful when the underlying main contract has no regulation especially at times of stress?
Contagion
If bitcoin goes to $1 million, as many bulls contend, then there is no problem. However, what happens if bitcoin goes much higher and then crashes? In plain English, contagion simply means a crash in bitcoin affecting other assets such as stocks, bonds and gold. In such an event, your beloved Nvidia NVDA, +1.66% and AMD AMD, +2.21% stocks may be cut in half; gold ETF GLD, -0.40% and silver ETF SLV, -0.74% along with gold miner ETFs GDX, -0.78% and GDXJ, +0.10% may fly. Investors who are engaged in the popular volatility trades of buying the ETF XIV, +3.52% and short-selling the ETF V, -0.20% may be crushed.
The propaganda is that bitcoin is simply too small to affect other assets. The following are the two problems with this:
• In my 30-plus years of investing, I have repeatedly observed investors' behavior of selling an unrelated asset that can be easily sold when they suffer losses on a different asset that they cannot or do not want to sell at a loss. The anecdotal evidence is that many retail investors who are heavily invested in bitcoin also are aggressive investors in momentum stocks.
• Popular momentum stocks such as Netflix NFLX, -1.23% Micron Technology MU, -0.46% and Facebook FB, +0.02% have risen a lot. There is a lot of air between their present prices and major support levels. Sentiment can change very quickly if some investors start selling them because of their losses in bitcoin.
Volatility
The propaganda about bitcoin futures is that they are going to help volatility because short-selling is allowed. At the same time, bitcoin enthusiasts are promoting a $1 million target. If bitcoin enthusiasts are right, short-sellers will face almost infinite losses. On the flip side, short-sellers can gain only a limited amount. With such lopsided risk/reward, who in their right mind is going to put on long-term naked shorts on bitcoin? (Naked short-selling, or naked shorting, is short-selling an asset without first borrowing it.)
What to do now
Most investors ought to patiently look for opportunities in blockchain- and cryptocurrency-related stocks. Please see “Ride the bitcoin wave with these 11 cryptocurrency-related stocks.”
Disclosure: Subscribers to The Arora Report may have positions in the securities mentioned in this article or may take positions at any time. All recommended positions are reviewed daily at The Arora Report.
Nigam Arora is an investor, engineer and nuclear physicist by background, has founded two Inc. 500 fastest-growing companies, is the developer of the adaptive ZYX Global Multi Asset Allocation Model and the ZYX Change Method to profit from change in trading and investing. He is the founder of The Arora Report, which publishes four newsletters. Nigam can be reached at Nigam@TheAroraReport.com.
ATP Men's Challenger
Oct 2 – Oct 9
Stockton has once again taken up the mantel in hosting the ATP Men's Challenger! Prepare for heated tennis battles along the court at the newly completed Eve Zimmerman Tennis Center at UOP. Eve Zimmerman Tennis Center at UOP, 3601 Pacific Ave., Stockton, ATPWorldTour.com
War Comes Home
Oct 5 – Nov 5
Follow the journey of our veterans and their families in this intimate look into their lives. San Joaquin County Historical Society hosts an exhibit built upon letters and correspondences that have taken place throughout wars and the journey back home. San Joaquin County Historical Museum, 11793 N. Micke Grove Rd., Lodi (209) 953-3460, SanJoaquinHistory.org
Pumpkin Maze at Dell' Osso Farms
Oct 5 – Oct 31
Grab the whole family and head on down to Dell' Osso Farms, where pumpkin chuckin, train rides, and wonderful walks through the cornfield maze readily await! This year's month-long festivities are bigger and better than ever, with hay-bale rides and so much more! Dell' Osso Farms, 501 S. Manthey Rd., Lathrop, PumpkinMaze.com
Full Moon Riders
Oct 5
Take to the streets of downtown Stockton with all your friends in another full moon ride! After, enjoy awesome discounts on cuisine at participating restaurants! The fun begins at 6:00 PM. Janet Leigh Plaza, 222 N. El Dorado St., Stockton (209) 464-5246
Stockton Food Truck Mania
Oct 5
With cooler weather well on its way, there's no excuse not to wrangle up the kids and head down to Oak Grove Regional Park for some serious food truck entrees! And we're not taking corn dogs on a stick here, either! Enjoy the best our region and Sacramento's has to offer, with live music and family friendly entertainment. Oak Grove Regional Park, 4520 W. Eight Mile Rd., Stockton (916) 722-6636, SactoMoFo.com
Baseball: America's Game at the Haggin
Oct 5 – Nov 19
Enjoy a brief step into the past that is as ingrained in our culture as the many foods we've come to enjoy at the games. Haggin Museum offers guests a glimpse into the history of baseball, featuring
photographs and more. The Haggin Museum, 1201 N. Pershing Ave., Stockton (209) 940-6300, HagginMuseum.org
Lodi First Friday Art Hop
Oct 6
The beginning of the month calls for a lovely stroll through Lodi, including a visit to some of our region's most magnificent artists! Enjoy each piece throughout varying locations around downtown, and some not too far away. Hutchins Street Square, 125 S. Hutchins St., Lodi (209) 333-5550
Stockton Heat Opening Game
Oct 6
It's finally time to head out and back onto the ice, folks! Come out to the Stockton Arena and let your shouts echo across the stadium as you cheer for our very own team, the Stockton Heat! The game begins at 7:00 PM, so get there early and grab some snacks! Stockton Arena, 248 W. Fremont St., Stockton (209) 373-1500 StocktonHeat.com
Monster Truck Madness
Oct 6 – 7
Feel the rumble of the engines through your bones and taste the excitement in the air as your favorite monster trucks pour into the Stockton Dirt Track. This weekend-long event showcases a free pit party and insane stunts from your leading drivers. The gates open at 4:00 PM. San Joaquin County Fairgrounds, 1658 S. Airport Way., Stockton (209) 370-9417 StocktonDirtTrack.com
American Cancer Society's Making Strides Against Breast Cancer
Oct 7
Set your pace alongside close friends, family, and colleagues in a non-competitive 3-mile walk along around and about Nelson Park to help raise awareness for Breast Cancer. The event begins at 8:00 AM. Nelson Park, 3755 Bridlewood Circle., Stockton, (209) 941-2679
Yoga in Victory Park
Oct 7
Find your center alongside all your friends in a bout of morning yoga at Victory Park! Hosted by UC Yoga, Health and Wellness, it's an activity that will kick off your weekend stress free and ready to seize the day! The workout begins at 8:45 AM. Victory Park, 1001 North Pershing Ave., Stockton
California State Asylum Photowalk
Oct 7
Enjoy a tour of Stockton's old state Asylum and Doctors Row in photographic form taking place at University Park! Admission is free and the exhibit opens at 9 AM! University Park, 521 E. Acacia St., Stockton.
Banner Island Ballpark Brewfest
Oct 7
Get your drink on at Banner Island Ballpark's day-long Brewfest! Price includes eight drink tickets and a mini beer stein. Banner Island Ballpark, 404 W. Fremont St., Stockton (209) 644-1900
Manteca Kiwanis Pumpkin Fair
Oct 7 – 8
Get your gourds ready! Manteca's annual Pumpkin Fair, hosted by the Manteca Sunrise Kiwanis, is back for another glorious weekend of fun for the whole family! Head to downtown Manteca to join in! Downtown Manteca, Yosemite Ave., Manteca, MantecaPumpkinFair.org
Stockton Rhythm & Brews Festival
Oct 7 – 8
Enjoy your favorite local bands in a two-day event taking place at Weber Point! Featuring El Chicano, The Santana Family, and more. Grab a bottle, a partner, and hit the floor. Weber Point, 221 N. Center St., Stockton (209) 651-5550
Cooking School: Halloween Cookie Decorating
Oct 9
Learn how to bring “boo”tiful cookies to life in Wine and Roses's latest cooking classes! This hands-on course sells out fast, so reserve your place before all the seats are taken! Wine & Roses, 2505 W. Turner Rd., Lodi (209) 334-6988, WineRose.com
Wednesday Evening Social Paddle
Oct 11
Mark your calendars! Wednesdays are reserved for Lodi's beautiful waterways, either by paddleboat, canoe, or kayak! Enjoy a leisurely launch into Lodi Lake, and float on down the Mokelumne River. The journey commences at 5:30 PM. Lodi Lake, 1101 W. Turner Rd., Lodi, HeadwatersKayak.com
The Tommy Dorsey Orchestra
Oct 13
From ballads to swing, and everything in between, enjoy the performances of Tommy Dorsey Orchestra, as they bring out the best in the classics. Hutchins Street Square, 125 S. Hutchins St., Lodi (209) 333-5550, HutchinsStreetSquare.com
Movies at the Point Presents: Hocus Pocus
Oct 13
Wrap up a wonderful summer by heading out to Weber Point for a final movie of wicked proportions! Our favorite witches return in Hocus Pocus, concocting schemes aplenty that will leave you and your family in stitches! The movie begins at dusk! Weber Point, 221 N. Center St., Stockton
Theresa Caputo at the Bob Hope Theatre
Oct 13
Breach the divide between life and death with Theresa Caputo and her amazing ability to communicate with the dead. Grab a ticket, your seat, and have a chance to be one of the few chosen to a part of an interactive reading! Bob Hope Theatre, 242 E. Main St., Stockton (209) 373-1400
Stockton Arts Week
Oct 13 – 22
Join our community in a 10-day celebration of Stockton's incredible arts, highlighting the creators that thrive in our neighborhoods! Enjoy rich pieces, demonstrations, and performances within participating venues! Various locations around Stockton, StocktonArtsWeek.com
The Legend of Sleepy Hollow by Central West Ballet
Oct 13
The Headless Horseman has his eyes on the townsfolk of Sleepy Hollow, and it's up to Ichabod Crane to find a way to send this monster back from wence he came! Follow his harrowing adventures, performed by the Central West Ballet! Grand Theatre Center for the Arts, 715 Central Ave., Tracy (209) 831-6858 AtTheGrand.org
15th Annual Chili Cook-Off & Car Show
Oct 14
The Chili Appreciation Society, sponsoring another year in absolutely tongue-tingling chili, is looking to name its 15th winner of their Annual Chili Cook-Off! As a bonus, the top three California resident cooks will be automatically qualified to compete in the Terlingua International Chili Championship in November 2018! Woodbridge Winery, 5950 E. Woodbridge Rd., Acampo (209) 365-8139, WoodbridgeWines.com
Walk to End Alzheimer's
Oct 14
Call attention to a worthy cause! Walk to End Alzheimer's takes to the streets of Stockton once again. Join up and help raise funds for the sixth-leading cause of death in the country. The walk begins at 9:30 AM, with registration opening at 8:00 AM! Weber Point, 221 N. Center St., Stockton (209) 606-2441
San Joaquin Tamale Festival
Oct 14 – 15
Ready your taste buds and prepare that appetite! This year's annual Tamale Festival is back with more savory bites, live music, and special events than ever before! The festivities commence at noon! San Joaquin County Fairgrounds, 1658 S. Airport Way., Stockton (209) 688-6918
King of the Wing Orchex National Series
Oct 14
Get your game face on for another exciting round of sprint cars, featuring King of the Wing Sprint Cars, Legends of Kearney Bowl, NCMA Sprints, and BCRA Midgets! The gates open at 5 PM, but the races begin at 6 PM! Stockton 99 Speedway, 4105 N. Wilson Way., Stockton (209) 482-6969
Stockton Chorale Presents: Cathedrals of Peace
Oct 14
Enjoy the rhapsodic performances of the Stockton Chorale in their 66th season, featuring enchanting renditions inspired by Maurice Durfle's Requium, Monteverde, and many more! Central United Methodist Church, 3700 Pacific Ave., Stockton (209) 951-6494
2017 ITA DI Men's Northwest Regional Championships
Oct 19 – 23
Revel in the games at UOP's Eve Zimmerman Tennis Center, where the NCAA Division I Northwest Regional Championships will take place! Follow the tournament and take in the styles of some of the best tennis players in our nation! Eve Zimmerman Tennis Center at UOP, 3601 Pacific Ave., Stockton, ATPWorldTour.com
Over the Edge for Community Hospice
Oct 20 – 21
Be one of a select few to raise enough funds for Community Hospice and take a step over the edge and down the Medico Dental Tower! Edgers are offered a once in a lifetime chance to glimpse Stockton as never before, all while rappelling for a worthy cause. Medico Dental Tower, 242 N. Sutter St., Stockton (209) 477-6300, HospiceHeart.org
Ripon's Main Street Day
Oct 21
It's a beautiful day to take a stroll along downtown Ripon, where vendors aplenty line the streets, sidewalks sales are a sure deal, and crafts are readily available for the kids! This year's Main Street Day promises to bring specialty entrees and more for the occasion! Downtown Ripon (209) 599-7519, CityOfRipon.org
Diwali Festival of Lights
Oct 21
Revel in the dance performances of Indian Classical, Contemporary, Bollywood, Bhangra and more in Nirvaana Consulting's hosted event! Enjoy a fashion show and traditional music throughout the evening. The show begins at 6:00 PM. Grand Theatre Center for the Arts, 715 Central Ave., Tracy (209) 831-6858, AtTheGrand.org
Friends of the Fox Presents: The Goonies
Oct 22
You can't miss an all-time classic like this! Embark on a journey with The Goonies as they take to a treasure map that holds the key to a lost fortune! Their adventures will lead them on a wild chase, with the chance to find enough money to save their homes from being demolished! Bob Hope Theatre, 242, E Main St., Stockton (209) 373-1400
JAMZ Reload
Oct 22
Come on out and cheer for your favorite competitors in this day-long qualifier for the 2018 JAMZ Youth and School Nationals! Stockton Arena, 248 W. Fremont St., Stockton (209) 373-1400 StocktonLive.com
Jazz in the Courtyard: Jackiem Joyner
Oct 22
Find yourself a seat in the beautiful courtyard of the Unviversty Plaza Waterfront Hotel and listen to the sweet serenades of musician Jackiem Joyner. Enjoy VIP access for the best seats and food at the buffet! University Plaza Waterfront Hotel, 110 W. Fremont St., Stockton (209) 482-8754
Annual Safe Trick or Treat at UOP
Oct 25
Take the kids out for a night of trick or treating on the campus of UOP! With booths located along the beautiful buildings and a carnival held on Knoles Lawn and the DeRosa University Center lawn, it's the perfect one-stop locale for the little ones to enjoy their Halloween! University of the Pacific, 3601 Pacific Ave., Stockton Pacific.edu
Sky Tours at Delta College
Oct 25
Ever been compelled to gaze upon the stars dotting the horizon? With the help of volunteers from the Stockton Astronomical Society, you'll enjoy more than a glimpse at the heavens. Indulge in a close-up view with telescopes at 7:00 PM in the Athletics One parking lot. Delta College, 5151 Pacific Ave., Stockton (209) 462-0798
Dining in the Dark
Oct 27
In an event unlike any other, Community Center for the Blind and Visually impaired will offer guests the chance to experience the world on their terms. Chef Paul Ratto will prepare a seven-course meal, complete with olive oil and wine tastings, while guests will be wearing sleep glasses, losing their sight throughout the dining experience to truly understand the world from CCBV's perspective. Waterloo Gun and Bocce, 4343 North Ashley Ln., Stockton (209) 466-3836 Ext: 215 CommunityCenterForTheBlind.org
Sandhill Crane Bike Ride
Oct 28
Forge onwards in a 16-mile bike ride through Lodi's breathtaking wetlands, the Woodbridge Ecological Reserve! Guests will have the opportunity to view the stunning migratory Sandhill Cranes. Refreshments provided. The meet begins at 3:00 PM. RSVP is a must! Flight Lounge, 18815 N. Lower Sacramento Rd., Woodbridge (209) 747-2982
Lodi Sandhill Crane Festival
Nov 3 – 5
With workshops galore, exhibits to peruse, and special tours, you can get a close glimpse of the life of the sandhill crane during this annual festival! Bring the kids along for family-friendly activities, browse the art show, and look at the many wares vendors have on display. Hutchins Street Square, 125 S. Hutchins St., Lodi (800) 581-6150
Monophonics
Nov 4
Listen to a new wave of music, inspired by the vibrant musical history and culture of our beautiful Bay, in Monophonics. Their very own style, Psychedelic Soul, brings a balanced mixture of traditional beats, with influences from Sly, Funkadelic, and more. The show begins at 8:00 PM. Grand Theatre Center for the Arts, 715 Central Ave., Tracy (209) 831-6858 AtTheGrand.org
Image copyright Met Police Image caption Joshua Cohen will next appear in court on Wednesday
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of his mother and sister at their north London home.
Joshua Cohen, 27, is accused of stabbing his 66-year-old mother Louise and sister Hannah, 33, at their house in Golders Green.
They were pronounced dead by emergency services on Friday evening.
Mr Cohen was arrested in nearby Golders Hill Park at about 14:00 BST on Saturday following a tip-off from a member of the public.
Image copyright @JordTAnderson Image caption Emergency services were called at 20:50 BST on Friday
He appeared at Hendon Magistrates' Court charged with two counts of murder and will next appear in court on Wednesday for a bail application.
Mr Cohen spoke only to give his name and address.
A plea hearing has provisionally been listed for 11 September at the Old Bailey.
Image copyright Lindsay Gottlieb/Twitter Image caption Lindsay Gottlieb and her fiance were asked to prove their son was theirs despite having his passport
Southwest Airlines has apologised after one of its officials asked a California basketball coach to prove that she was the mother of her bi-racial son.
Lindsay Gottlieb, who is white, and her fiance Patrick Martin, who is African American, were both present and showed the official their son's passport.
She says after showing his passport she was asked for further evidence through a Facebook post or birth certificate.
The airline said it would use the incident to "coach" employees.
Ms Gottlieb, who is the head coach of the University of California women's basketball team, called the incident "demeaning and insensitive, not to mention inefficient" on Twitter.
"I'm appalled that after approx 50 times flying with my 1 year old son, ticket counter personnel told me I had to 'prove' that he was my son, despite having his passport," Ms Gottlieb wrote.
"She said because we have different last name. My guess is because he has a different skin colour."
Skip Twitter post by @CalCoachG @SouthwestAir I'm appalled that after approx 50 times flying with my 1 year old son, ticket counter personnel told me I had to “prove” that he was my son, despite having his passport. She said because we have different last name. My guess is because he has a different skin color. — Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 28, 2018 Report
Skip Twitter post 2 by @CalCoachG @SouthwestAir she 1st asked for proof with birth certificate. She then said it's a “federal law” (not true) but asked me to prove I'm mother with Facebook post.What??Mother next to me said she's never been asked for proof despite diff last name..not shockingly, not mixed face fam — Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 28, 2018 Report
Skip Twitter post 3 by @CalCoachG @SouthwestAir it was demeaning and insensitive, not to mention inefficient. Would have missed flight if it was not delayed. I would advise better training for employees to avoid this happening to others — Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 28, 2018 Report
According to Southwest Airlines' policy, customer service agents must verify a child's age at the airport using a government-issued photo identification, but there is no regulation regarding matching last names of a child with the accompanying adult on domestic flights.
Airline officials said in a statement the company had contacted Ms Gottlieb and apologised "if our interaction made this family uncomfortable", the Washington Post reported.
Image copyright Lindsay Gottlieb/Twitter Image caption Lindsay Gottlieb (left), son Jordan (centre) and her fiance Patrick Martin (right)
Ms Gottlieb told a CBS News affiliate she did not feel the issue was an airline-wide problem, but "just one insensitive employee".
"It hurt my feelings," she said. "It made me feel a little bit less than and it's not OK."
You may also be interested in:
Ms Gottlieb and Mr Martin's son, Jordan Peter Martin, was born on 7 May, 2017. He has travelled frequently - and often on Southwest Airlines - with his mother's basketball team.
Later, Ms Gottlieb wrote on Twitter that her family was fine, but that these incidents were "much more common" for non-white parents.
"I do feel like as a white female, with a position of privilege, and a platform where someone is going to listen, it is my responsibility to say, 'hey, this happened, this isn't OK,'" she told CBS News.
"And maybe somewhere down the line, that helps my son, who is biracial and will be for his entire life."
A Henderson teenager is accused of distributing child porn.
Detective Shannon Troutman says the 17-year-old was arrested Friday, and is in custody at a juvenile facility in Bowling Green.
Police say the teen put a call out on Snapchat for nude photos of young girls.
They say 51 people replied to his request, and most of them were between the ages of 12 and 18. Police say the teen then shared the photos on Snapchat.
Detective Troutman says most of the girls are from the area. He says they are still investigating and several more arrests could be coming.
The 17-year-old is charged with distribution of materials portraying a minor in a sexual performance.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. – Coming off the best year of his burgeoning career, Daniel Berger admits that it has taken some time to adjust his expectations.
Berger successfully defended his title at the FedEx St. Jude Classic in June, then lost a memorable playoff to Jordan Spieth a few weeks later at the Travelers Championship. He made the Tour Championship, starred on his first-ever Presidents Cup team and steadily climbed up the world rankings.
But even after opening the new year with a pair of top-15 finishes in Hawaii, Berger found himself making some mental tweaks heading into this week's Waste Management Phoenix Open.
“(This season) hasn't been quite what I really wanted it to be,” Berger said. “I think the expectations from the last couple years were pretty high, so just trying to maintain a lower expectation and just kind of have fun and play well, and that's kind of what happened this week.”
Full-field scores from the Farmers Insurance Open
Farmers Insurance Open: Articles, photos and videos
The plan has been put to great use through 36 holes at TPC Scottsdale, where Berger took the clubhouse lead after rounds of 68-65. It continues his run of success on the Stadium Course that includes a T-10 finish in his tournament debut in 2015 and a T-7 finish last year.
Berger didn't drop a shot during the second round, closing with a 20-foot birdie on No. 18 to tie Scott Stallings and Adam Hadwin for the lowest score of the morning wave.
“I know how well I can play,” he said. “So when you see that, you want to be in contention every week. Sometimes you put a little extra pressure on yourself, so just kind of going out there and just having fun has really been the key for me.”
The Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde of Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool were both invited to Anfield on Tuesday, where the Reds' destructive alter ego threatened to ruin an extraordinary display of attacking football in the 5-2 win over Roma.
Mohamed Salah would not celebrate against his old club, but the Liverpool superstar has given his side a fantastic chance of reaching the Champions League final.
The Serie A side were powerless to stop the man crowned the PFA Players' Player of the year, Salah scoring twice in a frantic first half at Anfield, which duly sparked one of those famous European atmospheres that have become almost a cliche.
Salah has exploded in recent weeks, reaching 43 goals in all competitions, but the pair he scored in the first half at Anfield might just be the most important of the lot.
His first was almost parodically good, Roma's defence for some reason backing off and giving Salah enough space to curl an unstoppable 20-yard drive across Alisson and into the goalkeeper's top-right corner.
The second goal has been seen before too. Salah scored it in the last round against Manchester City, racing clear of a static defence again to produce a delicious chip that had just enough power to roll in.
This being Klopp's Liverpool, it couldn't be that simple, and the defensive lapses that have dogged the German's reign reared their head late on to offer Eusebio di Francesco's side hope, and they don't have to look far for inspiration.
Roma provided one of the finest comebacks in Champions League history in the quarter-finals against Barcelona so this tie is far from over. The Giallorossi are yet to concede a goal at home in the competition, so they will not consider themselves down and out.
Salah turned provider after the break with a pair of assists, both from raids down the Liverpool right that caused Roma so many problems all night, but his withdrawal felt like a key moment.
At the time, it was almost an act of mercy from Jurgen Klopp, taking off his star man with a full 15 minutes remaining. But without Salah, Liverpool allowed their intensity levels to drop and Roma took full advantage.
Di Francesco's men had hardly been given a kick, such was Liverpool's desire to win the ball back with precision pressing, but when Edin Dzeko scrambled in their first away goal, the Giallorossi suddenly believed.
And when a second arrived from the penalty spot, Roma knew their task.
All they have to do is repeat their stunning feat in the last round - win 3-0 at home in the second leg.
They did it against Barcelona, so can they do it against Liverpool?
It promises to be an unmissable spectacle in Rome.
A Toronto man was forced to shell out more than $14,400 for a 5-mile Uber ride, when a glitch in surge pricing caused his bill to skyrocket.
The passenger posted an image of the overblown receipt — which notes his trip took just 21 minutes — under the Instagram handle Votethehish on Friday.
It shows he was charged $18,518.50 in Canadian cash when the ride should have cost between $12 and $16, Slate.com reported.
“Thanks for choosing Uber,” wrote his driver, whose name was listed as Hisham.
Uber at first refused to give him a refund, the website reported.
But his pal, Emily Kannard, slammed the breaks on that, by calling the company out on Twitter.
“My friend was charged 18K for a 20 Min ride (!), and they are sticking to it. What in the world??? This is insane!” she Tweeted at the company on Saturday.
Uber later admitted the mistake and refunded his cash.
“There was an error here and it has been resolved,” Uber said in a statement to Slate.
“We have provided a full refund to this rider and apologized to him for this experience. We have safeguards in place to help prevent something like this from happening, and we are working to understand how this occurred.”
Ariana got a reminder of her opulent family history when she visited the stunning Caribbean resort once owned by her great-uncle, Laurance Rockefeller.
Britain has contacted the president of General Motors to express concerns after the US firm opened talks to sell its European operations, including the Vauxhall plants in England, to France's PSA Group.
The UK's Department for Business said the government remained in close contact with GM and was monitoring the situation.
This comes after the two companies said yesterday that they were in talks over a possible deal.
The talks have raised fears from unions in Britain and Europe that a deal could lead to job cuts or plant closures within GM's loss-making European business.
Britain's largely foreign-owned car industry has thrived in recent years, shipping more than half of its exports to the other 27 countries of the EU.
But Britain's vote to leave the European Union has put the industry in jeopardy.
UK prime minister Theresa May's government struck a deal last year to keep Nissan investing in Britain after it promised to provide extra support to counter any loss of competitiveness caused by the Brexit vote.
If the GM-PSA deal is successful, PSA, owner of the Peugeot, Citroen and DS brands, would acquire GM's Opel and Vauxhall brands to give it a 16.3% share of the European passenger car market.
The Unite workers' union said the president of GM had given a private assurance last year that there would be no surprises in terms of its plants in Britain, and that these commitments had not been upheld.
The two UK Vauxhall plants employ 4,500 staff near Liverpool and Luton.
Why 'believe all women' just doesn't work First there was Harvey Weinstein, whose appalling behavior toward women was so amply documented by The New York Times and The New Yorker. The dominoes began to fall. And soon...
Colleges review honors amid sexual misconduct allegations The wave of sexual allegations from Hollywood to Washington has left many U.S. colleges weighing whether to revoke honorary degrees and other accolades awarded to prominent men accused of misconduct....
THE Eastern Bay is enjoying petrol prices that are considerably lower than the national average.
While the national price for 91-octane petrol has risen to $2.30 per litre, Opotiki motorists pay between $2.049 to 2.079 for the same product.
Last Friday, those who drove over to Whakatane could enjoy an even lower price, as the Whakatane Gull lowered their price for 91-octane petrol to $2.007 until noon that day.
The Automobile Association's Mark Stockdale said that while Eastern Bay fuel prices may seem high at the moment, they were considerably lower than the South Island and Wellington, where prices were $2.30 a litre.
“The prices of fuel have been increasing over the past few months.”
He said prices in the Eastern Bay and the rest of the North Island were still more competitive.
“The AA has long been saying that Wellington and the South Island cross subsidises the rest of the North Island, including Whakatane and Opotiki.
“Those prices might sound high to you. Actually, that price would be higher if it wasn't for the cross-subsidy in Wellington and the South Island.”
“Prices are increasing across New Zealand and the world.”
Mr Stockdale said US policies were causing oil prices to rise globally, while the falling New Zealand exchange rate meant it was costing more to import fuel.
Consumer NZ's Sue Chetwin agreed prices were high nationally.
“Certainly, prices are very high, and we would support the Commerce Commission getting the ability to enquire into pricing structures in the oil industry,” she said.
kathy.forsyth@whakatanebeacon.co.nz
Not content to stop at slipping packages inside customers' front doors, Amazon on Tuesday started a new program to deliver packages to its members' parked cars.
The world's largest online retailer is rolling the program out in 37 US cities for customers with newer compatible vehicles and plans to expand the service. All that is required to have packages delivered to a car is downloading an app from Amazon and linking it to the vehicle's so-called connected car service, such as General Motors Co's OnStar system or Volvo Car Group's On Call service.
The in-car delivery effort is part of Amazon's drive to leave packages where they cannot be easily stolen. Since 2011, Amazon has offered secure lockers for urban customers.
The in-car service builds on an effort Amazon launched last fall called Amazon Key. That system uses a $220 combination of an Internet-connected door lock and camera to allow Amazon delivery drivers to place packages inside the homes of members of Amazon Prime. By contrast, the in-car delivery service is free for Prime members. It will be offered in San Francisco, Seattle, Atlanta, Nashville, Milwaukee, Salt Lake City, Washington, DC and other areas.
The in-home delivery option put Amazon in direct competition with so-called smart home security companies such as Alphabet's Nest Labs and presaged Amazon's $1 billion acquisition of connected doorbell maker Ring.
But the new in-car delivery service may have broader reach because it works with many compatible cars from Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac and Volvo, with plans to deliver to more makes and models in the future.
In a statement, GM said there are at least 7 million owners of compatible GM models. Amazon has not disclosed how many customers have tried its Amazon Key in-home service.
In-car delivery also gives Amazon an in-between option for customers who might want a more secure delivery location than the front porch but do not want delivery people inside their homes.
The Amazon delivery service taps into the car's built-in unlock feature without ever giving the delivery person a passcode or other permanent access to the car.
“Everything is securely encrypted between the two services,” said Rohit Shrivastava, Amazon Key's general manager.
Shrivastava also said that Amazon cannot see or track the customer's car; instead, the customer gives Amazon an address where the car will be parked and publicly accessible, along with the make, model, color and license plate number to help the delivery person find the right car. Customers also get several reminders on their phones before, during and after the packages are delivered.
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
see also Manafort is suing Mueller, Justice Department WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman is suing...
The Trump administration rode to special counsel Robert Mueller's defense in a court filing related to his investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election — a probe that, ironically, President Trump has derided as a “witch hunt.”
Justice Department lawyers Friday asked a judge to toss a lawsuit by former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort that challenges Mueller's authority. Manafort was indicted by Mueller's grand jury in October on money-laundering and conspiracy charges connected to his consulting work for a Ukraine political party, which dates to 2005.
Manafort's suit, filed Jan. 3, claims that because the alleged violations occurred before Trump launched his presidential bid, they fall outside the bounds of Mueller's investigation.
But “ [Mueller] is properly operating within the scope of his authority,” the DOJ argued.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Monday the United States' decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital had made Washington complicit in violence.
His comments on the U.S. move have strained fragile relations between Turkey and Israel, which only restored ties last year following a six-year diplomatic rift. Erdoğan, a frequent critic of Israel, has said the decision by U.S. President Donald Trump will spark violence in the region.
“The ones who made Jerusalem a dungeon for Muslims and members of other religions will never be able to clean the blood from their hands,” Erdoğan said in a speech in Ankara.
“With their decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital, the United States has become a partner in this bloodshed,” he said, adding he did not consider Trump's decision binding.
Trump's decision last week overturned longstanding U.S. policy on Jerusalem, a city holy to Jews, Muslims and Christians. The status of Jerusalem has been one of the biggest obstacles to a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians for generations.
Over the weekend Erdoğan referred to Israel as a “terror state” and an “invader state,” prompting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to fire back.
“I'm not used to receiving lectures about morality from a leader who bombs Kurdish villages in his native Turkey, who jails journalists, helps Iran go around international sanctions and who helps terrorists, including in Gaza, kill innocent people,” Netanyahu said at a news conference.
The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militant group has fought a decades-old insurgency with the Turkish state in which more than 40,000 people have been killed. The conflict flared up after the collapse of a ceasefire in 2015.
Last year Israel and Turkey restored ties following a six-year rupture that occurred after Israeli marines stormed an aid ship in 2010 to enforce a naval blockade of the Hamas-run Gaza Strip, killing 10 Turkish activists on board.
The normalization of ties between both countries has been driven in part by the prospect of lucrative Mediterranean gas deals and by mutual concerns about regional security.
When VintageBurtMacklin, as the Reddit user goes by, asked why everyone is advised to “save so much for retirement” — and if it is really the right move — the commenters of the personal finance thread of the online discussion site responded in full force.
Apparently, they have been paying attention to the news of the looming retirement crisis affecting the country.
VintageBurtMacklin shared his scenario: he took a new job after welcoming a new baby, and analyzed his budget, keeping in mind the typical advice that retirement savings should be maxed out before moving on to other financial goals, such as paying off a house or saving for college and new cars. “While I understand the importance of saving for retirement, it seems to me that saving 12% of my pre-tax income will generate more than enough savings for our retirement goals,” the Redditor said. He is 25, earns $80,000, expects to retire at 65 with a 6% estimated return and is contributing $900 a month before the 4% employer match — that would leave him with about $2.5 million, or about $75,000 withdrawn annually, he estimated). He wondered if prioritizing retirement was the right decision, or “overkill.”
See: Money Milestones: This is how your finances should look in your late 20s
He got his answer. Reddit users took to the platform reminding him of other expenses he's not considering, such as possible illness, job loss, divorce, a stock market crash, health care and other long-term care planning, and even taking care of parents when they get older (caregiving is not just a physically demanding role, but a financially demanding one).
“Your calculations are figured for perfection,” one user wrote. “Also remember your kids can borrow for college but you can't borrow for retirement.” They also tore into his estimations — explaining that interest rates are just coming from all-time lows and that there is no guarantee he will see a 6% annual return for the next 40 years. “How does your planning work out if the market returns 3% per year in real terms?”
Other commenters added that there are so many unknowns in the next four decades. “I think it's good to maximize retirement savings when you can as there may be periods of your life where you're unable to do so for one reason or another,” SpidermansMom said. People shared personal stories: that user said her husband fell ill and lost his job, and they suddenly went from two salaries to one. He was too sick to watch their son, who stayed in day care, and she couldn't save as much for retirement, but felt comforted by the fact they had been maxing out their retirement plans for years before.
Another user said his perception of his retirement changed after his dad died at 69 and he realized he'd personally rather have 15 solid years of retirement compared with his father, who only had three. Another shared that his father made $150,000 a year but today is unemployed with no money. “Fortunes change,” user palsh7 wrote. “Don't assume anything. If you're still feeling good at 55, by all means, cut back, but right now you want to invest.”
The notion of saving for retirement isn't lost on VintageBurtMacklin, or the people who responded to his post, but that's not the case for everyone. Americans are drastically under-saving for the later years of their lives, and need to take into consideration other expenses they may face when they become a senior citizen. Not all baby boomers are well equipped for their retirement, even though it's coming soon: the generation born between 1946 and 1964 expect they'll have $658,000 in their employer-sponsored retirement plans by the time they retire (though the average in those plans is $263,000), according to a Legg Mason survey. Older baby boomers, between 65 and 74, have about $300,000.
Millennials like VintageBurtMicklin, on the other hand, have time on their sides, but many are paying off student debt, balancing other financial responsibilities and questioning if it's really worth saving just a few bucks every month for their retirement. (The answer: It is.)
Ultimately, VinatgeBurtMicklin was convinced to keep maxing out his retirement savings for now and re-asses when retirement got closer or another life circumstance arose.
“I need to remember that as life changes, I can adjust my contribution levels,” he said. “Contributing the most now makes the most sense, both considering my financial/family position and the value of compound interest.”
Ex-de Blasio ally Bertha Lewis is 'so over' him as mayor A longtime progressive ally of Mayor de Blasio is now looking to give him the heave-ho. Left-leaning activist Bertha Lewis says she won't be supporting de Blasio's re-election bid next...
Stringer gets award as rumors of mayoral challenge swirl A black activist with deep ties to Mayor de Blasio is giving a civic award to Comptroller Scott Stringer, raising eyebrows in political circles because Stringer is being mentioned as...
De Blasio 'ally' blasts city's 'incompetence' toward minority hiring A longtime ally of Mayor de Blasio Monday blasted his administration as “incompetent and immoral” for not giving minority- and women-owned firms more city contracts. Black Institute CEO Bertha Lewis...
The war on charter schools has resorted to hiring race-baiters Hazel Dukes and Bertha Lewis, notorious New York City race-baiters, claim that public-school reformer Eva Moskowitz is running a “kindergarten-to-prison pipeline” that contributes to the “mass incarceration” of blacks, Hispanics...
Hakeem Jeffries has Mayor de Blasio in full panic mode Bill de Blasio, who has always preferred politics to policy, is back in his element — and the 2017 mayoral campaign is under way. How else to interpret his otherwise...
The 'racist' ad that highlights injustice in NYC's schools So now it's “racist” to point out the clear racial injustice in New York's public schools. Leave it to Working Families Party co-founder Bertha Lewis and other allies of Mayor...
Former ACORN chief backs Hillary Clinton Mayor de Blasio may be starting to feel “left'' out. While he's playing hard to get by holding off on endorsing Hillary Rodham Clinton for president, lefty pal Bertha Lewis...
Former ACORN honcho rakes in the green at new group Former ACORN head Bertha Lewis, a friend of Mayor de Blasio, is raking in benefits at her new nonprofit — even as she recruits board members with checkered pasts. Lewis,...
De Blasio headlines fund-raiser for ACORN honcho It's payback time for Mayor de Blasio. The mayor is rewarding former ACORN honcho and longtime pal Bertha Lewis by headlining a fund-raiser for her new group, The Black Institute....
Teachers are rallying in Frankfort again today as legislators meet to discuss the budget. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LIVE ON WAVE3.COM: Teachers are rallying in Frankfort, KY, again Monday as legislators meet to discuss the budget.
Watch the rally via the WAVE 3 News livestream by clicking or tapping on the appropriate link:
ONLINE or ON THE WAVE 3 NEWS MOBILE APP
RELATED STORIES
+ Kentucky public school teachers ready for rally in Frankfort
+ LIST: How your legislators voted on pension reform
+ KEA prepares for budget fight
+ IN DEPTH: What changed in the amended pension bill
+ Pension reform passes legislature in lightning speed
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:22 Levine Museum exhibit seeks understanding of protests
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
2:08 Feeding the Children
When we talk about brewing history, it's usually with an eye to the 19th century — or earlier. But Mendocino's historic, legacy brewery dates back to the microbrewery revolution of the '80s — the 1980s, that is.
Related Articles Town in Budweiser Clydesdale ad fights to save its charm
14 holiday spiced beers to try As most beer devotees know, America's first modern microbrewery was Jack McAuliffe's short-lived New Albion Brewing Co. in Sonoma. New Albion stopped brewing in 1982, but the company's handmade brewing equipment found a second home in Hopland, thanks to three Mendocino locals, Michael Laybourn, Norman Franks and John Scahill. They bought the gear and hired New Albion's assistant brewer Don Barkley to help with the transition — McAuliffe helped, too — and stay on as brewmaster. Former New Albion brewer Michael Lovett came in to help work the machinery, as well.
Their fledgling Hopland Brewery became the first brewpub in California and the second in the nation. It was September, 1983, and the brewery's location along busy Highway 101 helped business boom. Hopland's flagship Red Tail Ale became a bestseller, followed by Blue Heron Pale Ale, Black Hawk Stout and the Eye of the Hawk — a strong pale ale, whose twice a year release became an event, selling out quickly each time it hit store shelves. A few months after opening, the crew hand-bottled magnums to make what they called “the world's largest six-pack,” but quickly switched to 22-ounce bottles.
By the late 1990s, the company was one of the most successful microbreweries in the nation. It bought land and moved production to a new Mission-style, large-scale working brewery on the outskirts of Ukiah, and rolled out 12-ounce bottles and six-packs with the now-familiar hop vines logo and predator bird labels of the rapidly expanding Mendocino Brewing Co.
Indian businessman Vijay Mallya, who bought the company in 1997, opened New York's Olde Saratoga Brewery the same year and began brewing Mendocino beers for the eastern half of the country, along with its own line of Saratoga beers. The maneuver allowed the brewery to increase distribution to 43 states, and Mendocino began brewing India's Kingfisher beer — which is part of Mallya's United Breweries Group — for the American market.
The brewery also acquired Chico's Butte Creek brewery and Carmel Brewing, which Mendocino Brewing continues to make and market from its Ukiah brewery. In recent years, the brewery has added additional lines of Mendocino beer to its longstanding roster.
The growth of craft breweries throughout the U.S. has meant more competition and a corresponding dip in sales, but in 2015 (the most recent year for which numbers are available), Mendocino Brewing was the 41st largest brewery in the country. It's still the largest brewery in Mendocino County, and their beer tastes every bit as good as it did in 1983 — maybe better.
The original Hopland building is gone — shuttered in 2010, after the landlord refused to extend the lease — but you can taste the legacy of Mendocino Brewing in every glass of their beer.
IF YOU GO
Mendocino Brewing makes beer at its large-scale production brewery in Ukiah. Taste it — and order sausages and bar snacks — at the brewery's Ale House, a tap room half a mile away. The Ale House is open Tuesday-Sunday at 1252 Airport Park Blvd., Ukiah; www.mendobrew.com.
LONDON — With the ringing of a bell, Borough Market reopened for business on Wednesday — less than two weeks after it was targeted in a deadly terrorist attack.
Traders held a minute of silence to pay tribute to the victims of the 18-minute vehicle-and-knife rampage that started on London Bridge. Three terrorists were fatally shot by police in the market.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Borough Market Reopens After London Bridge Terror Attack 0:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
As stalls were set up, the Bishop of Southwark Christopher Chessun walked through the market with two assistants burning incense in silver carriers.
"People's lives here are returning to normal but some people's lives will never return to normal," the bishop said. "We sprinkled holy water at one of the sites of the attack and we pray for God's healing grace for those still in trauma."
For many, there was an overwhelming sense of relief.
Tomas Baranski, the head chef at the El Pastor Mexican restaurant, said: "Everyone is so positive to be back and there's a great feeling now, but it's a rush now to prepare all the food in time to open."
London Mayor Sadiq Khan and news mogul Rupert Murdoch were among those who attended Wednesday's ceremony.
A two-minute walk from London Bridge, Borough Market is filled with restaurants, bars, food stands and cafes.
A police officer stands in front of an entrance to London's Borough Market on Wednesday. Hannah McKay / Reuters
“Every day we ring the bell to signify the market opening and we will be ringing it hard to say that we are back,” Borough Market managing director Darren Henaghan said. “This market is one of the most diverse places in London. There are over 100 nationalities represented here and food from around the world. We celebrate that and sell it with pride.”
Even before the market reopened, nearby restaurants quickly filled up.
On Tuesday, the usual line of customers at popular pasta restaurant Padella stretched down the street 15 minutes before it opened.
Just a few steps away a blue tarp blocked the main entrance to the market, marked by rows of flowers and a sign reading: "Please bear with us as we work to recover from recent events."
The market itself is one of London's oldest, with a history going back around 1,000 years. Cobblestones line many of the streets, and it's home to upscale fruit and vegetable sellers, artisanal food stalls, and trendy eateries.
Passersby visit a memorial to victims of the London Bridge attack on Saturday. Jack Taylor / Getty Images
Down the street from the market, a public space at the end of London Bridge has been turned into a makeshift memorial.
Thousands of flower bouquets and notes have been left by visitors from around the world.
“I did for anxious on the first day back but you have to work and now I am surprised at how safe I feel,” said Terry Jones, owner of London Bridge Souvenirs, a small stall overlooking the pop-up memorial. “You just carry on with life. I've been here 15 years and have no plans to leave.”
Treasury prices trimmed earlier losses on Monday, pushing yields slightly lower, after stocks fell sharply, pushing investors into haven assets like government bonds.
The market turmoil comes as investors gear up for a Federal Reserve policy meeting this week that's seen as virtually certain to deliver a rate increase at the conclusion of its policy gathering on Wednesday.
How are Treasurys doing?
The 10-year Treasury note yield TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.26% fell 1.1 basis points to 2.837%, after notching an intraday high of according to Tradeweb data. The 2-year note yield TMUBMUSD02Y, +0.72% was down by 0.4 basis point to 2.291%. The 30-year bond rate TMUBMUSD30Y, +0.38% gave up 0.6 basis point to 3.075%.
Bond prices move in the opposite direction of yields.
What's driving Treasurys?
Treasurys rebounded after stocks sold off. After allegations that Facebook Inc. FB, -7.23% mismanaged its users' data, tech shares saw selling, with the Nasdaq COMP, -2.16% own by 2.5%. Bonds, on the other hand, attracted haven-related buying as investors sought shelter in U.S. government paper.
See: Facebook's 7% drop puts it on pace for worst daily decline in more than 5 years
A lack of economic data ahead of Wednesday's policy meeting will keep investors focused on the Federal Reserve. This will be the first meeting chaired by Jerome Powell since he succeeded Janet Yellen at the helm of the central bank in early February. He will also hold his first news conference as chairman.
Read: 5 things to watch from the Fed decision
The policy statement will also be accompanied by the so-called dot plot, an aggregate of policymakers' forecasts for future interest rates. Analysts consider a quarter percentage point hike a near-certainty, with the futures market pricing in the increase to 100%.
Also check out: What to expect from the new Fed dot plot on interest rates
Once the Fed's portfolio-cutting measures reaches its full stride, analysts at the Council on Foreign Relations estimated the bond market will have to absorb long-dated Treasury issuance worth 5 percent of GDP every year. Concerns that this removal of monetary accommodation will remove a backstop on falling bond prices have kept a few investors on edge.
What did market participants say?
“As the Fed's balance sheet continues to shrink at an increasing rate, the Treasury Department is flooding the front-end of the market with supply, and credit spreads are edging higher (albeit off extremely low levels), the specter of more meaningful fallout from the ‘gradual' removal of accommodation looms,” said Ian Lyngen and Aaron Kohli, fixed-income strategists at MarketWatch.
“While we do not expect significant changes in the statement, there is a possibility that the Fed hints at a more hawkish balance-of-risks, perhaps by gesturing toward potential overheating as a concern. A more explicit hawkish shift in the FOMC's outlook will more likely be transmitted via the economic projections, which should show higher growth in 2018 and 2019, and perhaps higher core PCE inflation in 2018,” said Credit Suisse strategists, led by Praveen Korapaty.
What else is on investors' radar?
The European Union agreed Monday on terms of Britain's two-year transition deal after leaving the bloc in March 2019, according to an EU official familiar with the discussions. The decision will give British lawmakers 21 months to complete their terms of exit.
The European Central Bank is beginning to start discussions on the rate increase path as even the doves on the Executive Board, its policy-making committee, have accepted its bond-buying program should end this year, Reuters reported.
What other assets are on the move?
The yield for the British 10-year government bond TMBMKGB-10Y, +1.08% was up 1.1 basis point to 1.446%. The German 10-year bond yield TMBMKDE-10Y, +0.30% was mostly flat at 0.567%.
Why Bill Walton's on-air style is both maddening and brilliant When watching Bill Walton call a game, there is the sense he can literally say anything at any time. You are not alone in that feeling. The men sitting next...
ESPN gives Bill Walton four hours to do his wacky, weed-promoting best Throw the weed knowledge down, big man! Basketball Hall of Famer and renowned Deadhead and all-around cultural treasure Bill Walton was a part of the “ESPN Voices” set for the...
LeBron live-tweets rebroadcast of 1997 Jazz-Rockets game When LeBron James created a soap-opera swirl around his Twitter account last month, with a series of confusing posts and maybe-meaningful un-follows, he said he was getting an early start...
[March 19, 2018] New Online HACCP Courses from Alchemy Ensure Food Companies Meet Compliance with Ease
Alchemy Systems, the global leader in food safety training, today launched Alchemy Academy's Basic HACCP eLearning course. The International HACCP Alliance-approved course is the first of three interactive, online HACCP training courses for food safety professionals. The industry's first all-online Advanced HACCP course and HACCP for Juice/Beverage course will be available in May. "Alchemy's new HACCP courses are ideal for food safety professionals interested in a better understanding of the development, implementation, and maintenance of Food Safety HACCP programs," said Jeff Chilton, Alchemy vice president of professional services. "However, finding the time and budget to travel away from their facility for an instructor-led course is a challenge. Now, they can take Alchemy's all-online course whenever it's convenient to them and their company." p> Alchemy's HACCP course developers and instructors have decades of experience working in the food processing industry, with hands-on experience managing food safety and quality assurance plans. All four of the major GFSI-approved food safety standards - SQF, BRC, FSSC 22000, and IFS - require facilities to implement an effective Food Safety Plan based on CODEX HACCP requirements. "One reason I recommend Alchemy eLearning courses is that the self-paced training lets you go back and actually absorb the information, instead of having it thrown at you once, forcing you to rapidly take notes," said Phalone Clayton of Red Diamond Coffee and Tea. The HACCP course topics include USDA and FDA regulatory requirements, the five preliminary steps and seven principles of HACCP, validation and reassessment processes for HACCP systems, the 14 key elements of HACCP implementation, and measuring success and effectiveness of HACCP implementation.
Alchemy's new HACCP courses complement a growing food safety library that includes: The only all online Preventive Controls for Human Food (PCQI) course approved by the FSPCA;
SQFI's official Implementing SQF and Quality online courses and exams; and
The only food safety Internal Auditing courses. Learn more about Alchemy's online HACCP courses. About Alchemy Systems Alchemy is the global leader in innovative solutions that help food and retail companies engage with their workforces to drive productivity and safety. More than 3 million frontline workers at 50,000 locations use Alchemy's tailored learning, communications, and performance programs to safeguard food, reduce workplace injuries, and improve operations. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180319005705/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
Volcker? We barely knew her!
The Federal Reserve approved a plan to scale back a controversial Obama-era rule that limited certain types of risky trading — but got blamed for making the financial crisis worse.
The restrictions, codified in a section of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law called the “Volcker rule,” all but killed the ability of banks with federally insured deposits to trade with their own accounts.
The rule, named after the former Fed chairman Paul Volcker, was one of the most hated on Wall Street since it limited profits at firms like Goldman Sachs, which depend on trading revenue.
The revamp, which the Fed approved on Wednesday, would ease some of those rules, which Wall Street has called overly complicated and unfair.
“This proposal represents our best first effort at simplifying and tailoring the Volcker rule,” Randy Quarles, the Fed's Vice Chairman, said ahead of the Wednesday vote.
Still, the proposed rules come after several Wall Street banks, including JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup, reported their most profitable quarters ever, thanks to heightened trading and tax breaks.
In addition to the changes to the trading restrictions, “Volcker 2.0,” as the rules are being called, would allow banks to police their own trading through their compliance departments, and cuts down on how much trading information needs to be reported to regulators.
“What is critical is that simplification not undermine the core principle at stake — that taxpayer-supported banking groups, of any size, not participate in proprietary trading at odds with the basic public and customers' interests,” Paul Volcker said in a statement. “I trust the final rule will strongly maintain that position by, as intended, facilitating its practical application.”
Wall Street critics sought to paint the changes as dangerous to the markets and could lead to another financial collapse. The new rule is set to be voted on by four other regulators, and is subject to a 90-day comment period.
“This proposal is no minor set of technical tweaks to the Volcker Rule, but an attempt to unravel fundamental elements of the response to the 2008 financial crisis, when banks financed their gambling with taxpayer-insured deposits,” said Marcus Stanley, policy director at Americans for Financial Reform.
In 2011, less than a year after Congress passed Dodd-Frank, reports surfaced that Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein was personally trying to water down the rules to keep it from costing the bank as much as $3.7 billion a year in revenue.
“They're totally freaked out about Volcker,” an unnamed Goldman lobbyist told Reuters at the time. “People are working on that a lot, with agency staff, with lawmakers, you name it.”
With its championship win at the Frontier Athletic Conference Quiz Bowl the quiz bowl team from McClain High School in Greenfield proved itself worthy to play on a national stage. On April 27, the team will represent their school in a 150-team national competition: National Academic Quiz Tournaments' Small School National Championship Tournament.
Quiz bowl is a competitive, academic, interscholastic activity for teams of four students. Quiz bowl teams use buzzers to answer questions about science, math, history, literature, mythology, geography, social science, current events, sports and popular culture. The matches feature a blend of individual competition and team collaboration, since no individual player is likely to be an expert in all subject areas. Participation in quiz bowl both reinforces lessons from the classroom and encourages players to develop new intellectual interests.
Greenfield McClain has attended the Small School National Championship Tournament once before. In 2017 it finished 3-6.
The SSNCT is the only quiz bowl national championship pitting small schools against each other. It has one division containing non-selective public schools with 500 or fewer students in their top three grades, and another division for other schools with 350 or fewer students in their top three grades. Last year's tournament featured 96 public-school teams and 30 charter- and private-school teams from across the United States. Glasgow High School from Kentucky won the public-school championship and St. Mark's School of Dallas, Texas won the charter- and private-school title.
Greenfield McClain may face familiar foes in Rosemont as Clermont Northeastern (from Batavia), Clinton-Massie (from Clarksville), and Miami Valley (from Dayton) will also be attending.
The team in the Traditional Public division will consist of Sam Colburn, Garett Cunningham, Griffin Foltz, Cody Lane and Brenton Louk. The team will be coached by Rachel Poynter.
Tournament results will be updated throughout the three days of competition at http://www.naqt.com/stats/tournament-teams.jsp?tournament_id=8402 so everyone can follow along and see how the team does. You can also follow #ssnct on Twitter.
National Academic Quiz Tournaments, founded in 1996, organizes the premier middle school, high school, and college quiz bowl championships in North America. In addition to its national championships, NAQT provides questions to invitational tournaments, league championships, and television shows throughout the year. NAQT operates out of the Twin Cities and Kansas City, but its members mentor coaches, host tournaments, volunteer their services, and share their expertise across the United States.
Submitted by Dwight Kidder, National Academic Quiz Tournaments.
Again, CBN Boosts FX Market Liquidity with $210m
Obinna Chima
The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Tuesday intervened once more in the interbank segment of the foreign exchange (FX) market as it sold $210 million in thewholesale segment and other sectors.
Figures released by the central bankyesterday showed that the wholesale sector of the market got another injection of $100 million, just as the small and medium scale enterprises (SMEs) and invisibles sectors each received $55 million.
Confirming the figures, the Acting Director, Corporate Communications Department at the CBN, Mr. Isaac Okorafor, said theinterventions, like the previous intermediations, were in line with the Bank's commitment to sustain the high level of stability in the Forex market and continually ease access to the currency by those requiring it for genuine activities.
Okorafor, while commending the role of players in the market, said the CBN was ready to inject funds into the market, whenever and wherever necessary, in order to maintain market stability as well as sustain the financial system.
He also said the financial regulator was further buoyed by recent gains in the foreign exchange sector, which had seen the country's reserves soar closer to the $50 billion mark.
Speaking further, Okorafor said the country's reserves continued to enjoy accretion, adding that the present reserves status at the Bank meant that the CBN was capable of sustaining foreign exchange liquidity in the system.
Tuesday's intervention came as one United States Dollar (US$1) exchanged for N361 in the Bureau De Change (BDC) segment of the market.
The CBN had in its last interventioninjected the sum of $396.18million into the Retail Secondary Market Intervention Sales (SMIS).
CBN Governor, Mr. Godwin Emefiele at the weekend put the value of the country's external reserves at $47.93 billion, noting, however, that there was need to save for the rainy day and also continue to grow the foreign reserves.
He said it would be like saying the focus on inflation, the gross domestic product and exchange rate do not mean anything.
“We came to a meeting where one of the important issues that was discussed was the need to save for a rainy day and we must continue to rebuild reserves.
“That means that Nigeria's decision to rebuild its reserves from as low as $23 billion in 2016 to almost $48 billion today was a decision in the right direction.
“So, we are going to continue to do so. If we had more reserves when we were hit by the exogenous shocks, we would not have suffered the recession that we suffered,” he added.
The post Again, CBN Boosts FX Market Liquidity with $210m appeared first on THISDAYLIVE.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DAMMAM: Media spokespersons should consider social and international dimensions in dealing with various mass media, Interior Ministry spokesman Maj. Gen. Mansour Al-Turki said at the opening session of the forum “Spokesman: Responsibility of the Homeland.”
“The importance of the media spokesman has increased with the mounting reach of social media as the citizen has become closest to the event, and due to the quick spread of news,” said Al-Turki at the forum, which was inaugurated by Prince Saud bin Naif, governor of the Eastern Province.
“To ensure dominant influence over events, media spokespersons should edit news based on correct information,” Al-Turki said, adding that they should follow up events and what is being shared on social media, as well as be proactive.
The official spokesman of the General Authority of Statistics, Tayseer Mohammed Al-Mufarrej, said official spokespeople should be capable, flexible, communicative, cautious, and able to control, deliver, formulate and recall information when necessary.
Abdullah Al-Maghlouth, a specialist in social networks, called for the creation of social media accounts belonging to government institutions and organizations, manned by qualified spokespersons, as well as the establishment of departments to monitor and analyze these institutions.
Hani Al-Ghifaili, spokesman for the Culture Ministry, stressed the importance of dealing with various media and building good relations with them, which “will reflect positively on society and government institutions interested in educating the community.”
Shoura Council member Kauthar Al-Arbash said: “Writers, media figures, politicians, spokespersons and activists are contributing to the formation of the concept of patriotism and building individuals and groups to realize the importance of unity and cohesion and to consider common interests and the value of the land.”
Samsung has stuck with wearables over the years, starting with its own Android-based Gear watches, then moving to Android Wear, then finally to a Tizen-based wearable platform. This has given Samsung the freedom to pursue a number of form factors like the "Fit" smart bands. The third iteration of Samsung's Fit device has been leaked, which is confusingly named "Samsung Gear Fit2 Pro." It packs improved water-resistance, offline Spotify, and a few other enhancements for athletic types.
According to VentureBeat, The Gear Fit2 Pro is going to have "5 ATM water-resistance." That's apparently better than the standard IP68 certification that older Fit wearables had. This improvement allows for long-term submersion and swim tracking. The device even syncs up with the Speedo On app to record your watery workouts. The watch will also support music streaming via Spotify, including an offline mode.
The shape and size of the Samsung Gear Fit2 Pro are similar to older models with the tall, narrow AMOLED panel and thin strap. However, Samsung has beefed up the clasp, which was a more delicate snap mechanism previously. Now, it's a traditional buckle that should keep the smart band firmly on your wrist and not leave it at the bottom of the pool.
The pricing and release date were not included in the leak. Samsung will probably talk about the Gear Fit2 Pro during its upcoming Unpacked event on August 23rd. That will mainly be for the Note 8, of course. There may also be some news on the wearable at IFA in a few weeks.
The biggest sporting event of the year — the Super Bowl — takes place Sunday. The New England Patriots will square off against the Philadelphia Eagles at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis. Who ya got to win? See what cartoonists from around the nation are saying about Super Bowl LII.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
The National Rifle Association took a shot at YETI coolers and created a stir. Now the company that markets a line of fashionable and expensive products has fired back.
On April 20, the NRA sent a letter to its members saying that YETI coolers had cut ties with the organization.
With a day to let the smoke settle, literally in some cases, YETI responded to the NRA's claims.
In a post on Twitter, the company said that a few weeks ago it notified the NRA Foundation and other organizations that it was “eliminating a group of outdated discounting programs.”
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
SHARE COPY LINK To protest Yeti's decision to cut ties with the NRA, Bryan Atkinson fills his cooler with ammonia nitrate and aluminum powder, takes aim at it with his AR-15, and.. Bryan Atkinson
“When we notified the NRA Foundation and the other organizations about this change, YETI explained that we were offering them an alternative customization program broadly available to consumers and organizations, including the NRA Foundation,” the statement read. “These facts directly contradict the inaccurate statement the NRA-ILA distributed on April 20.”
The said "YETI has declined to do business with The NRA Foundation saying they no longer wish to be an NRA vendor, and refused to say why. They will only say they will no longer sell products to The NRA Foundation.” NRA letter
Some NRA supporters responded to the news by planning a boycott of the popular line of coolers and other products, including apparel. One South Carolina man took his anger with YETI a step further.
Bryan Atkinson filled his , placed it in a field, then shot it with his AR-15 rifle. YETI cooler with explosives
Copycats followed Atkinson's lead, and the hashtag #YetiCoolerChallenge has been trending. Many people made social media posts where they got creative in the ways they destroyed their YETI products, the reported. Washington Post
The dispute between the NRA and YETI comes after a number of businesses have distanced themselves from the NRA or gun manufacturers following several high-profile shootings.
Companies ranging from airlines to rental car companies ended discounts for NRA members, the reported. Chicago Tribune
Some NRA members have taken to social media to dispute YETI's statement, with it being called damage control. But YETI has said it remains a strong supporter of the the Second Amendment.
"YETI is unwavering in our belief in and commitment to the Constitution of the United States and its Second Amendment," the company tweeted.
Treasury prices declined Wednesday, pushing yields back up, as global financial markets found their footing a day after Italy's political turmoil sparked a global flight to safety that saw investors pile into U.S. government paper and other traditional havens.
What are Treasurys and other global bonds doing?
The yield on the benchmark 10-year note TMUBMUSD10Y, +2.86% rose 7 basis points to 2.842%, the largest one-day yield climb since May 15, rebounding after Tuesday logged its largest single-day decline since June 2016. Bond prices move in the opposite direction of yields.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury traded above 3% earlier this month, but turned south as concerns over Italy and other geopolitical worries spooked investors out of so-called risky assets and into investments considered more safe, such as U.S. bonds.
The two-year yield TMUBMUSD02Y, +3.27% climbed 9.2 basis points on Wednesday to 2.411%, marking its largest one-day climb since February 2015. while the yield on the 30-year Treasury bond TMUBMUSD30Y, +1.90% rose 4.5 basis points to 3.016%.
Meanwhile in Italy, the selloff in government bonds paused. The yield on 2-year government paper TMBMKIT-02Y, -28.30% dropped 95.9 basis points to 1.661%. On Tuesday, the 2-year borrowing rate had soared 189.4 basis points, or 1.894 percentage points, to 2.652%, marking its largest single-day climb since 1992.
The yield on Italy's 10-year bond, known as the BTP TMBMKIT-10Y, -6.35% fell 11.8 basis points to 2.954% on Wednesday.
What is driving the market?
The bond markets stabilized somewhat on Wednesday following the major moves on Tuesday that were largely sparked by fears a political impasse could lead to new elections that would serve as a de facto referendum on euro membership.
Hopes that a vote can be avoided emerged on Wednesday after media reports said a populist trio of the 5-Star Movement, the League and Brothers of Italy was pushing to form a coalition government.
Read: Why Italy's crisis could be a buying opportunity for stock investors
The political drama in Italy deepened on Tuesday and sparked a flight to safety in both Europe and the U.S. after President Sergio Mattarella blocked the 5-Star Movement and League from taking power by rejecting their euroskeptic candidate for economy minister. Mattarella then asked former International Monetary Fund official Carlo Cottarelli to form a caretaker government until fresh elections could be called in the fall.
At a somewhat inconvenient time for the Italian Treasury, the government on Wednesday held a bond auction, selling a total of 5.571 billion euros ($6.44 billion) in government debt. Following the recent political turmoil, the funding costs in the auction surged, with yields jumping to their highest since 2014, according to Dow Jones Newswires. But investors said the sale saw decent appetite from investors, helping to arrest the recent selloff.
Meanwhile in Spain, traders were bracing for a no-confidence vote on Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, due to take place on Friday. Spain's centrist Ciudadanos party said on Wednesday it won't support the vote, but would be open to a second motion, according to Reuters.
What did market participants say?
“Italian contagion will continue to be a volatile component for the marketplace going forward. However, from what has been seen overnight with decent bids coming in for the Italian auctions and the rise in the Dow has created a ‘risk-on' environment enabling U.S. 10-year yields to selloff substantially,” said Tom di Galoma, managing director of Treasurys trading at Seaport Global Securities.
What else is in focus?
The ADP private-sector employment report for May showed a reading of 178,000 jobs. The figures come ahead of Friday's report from the Labor Department, with economists polled by MarketWatch forecasting the addition of 198,000 jobs, in both the private and public sectors.
First-quarter GDP growth was revised lower to an annual 2.2% pace from 2.3%. While, the April trade deficit fell 0.6% to $68.2 billion from $68.6 billion, the government said.
See: MarketWatch's Economic Calendar
His first shift was Tuesday, so by now, you might have already seen Santa Clara County Sheriff Department West Valley Division's newest recruit, K-9 Dutch, on the job. He is not the first K-9 officer for the department, but he is the latest dedicated K-9 for the West Valley Patrol Division serving the cities of Cupertino, Los Altos Hills and Saratoga.
Before Dutch came along, there was K-9 Nas, who did a brief tenure in 2015. Nas proved so good on the marijuana eradication team that he transferred to the department's special operations division that year, where he remains. Before Nas was K-9 Ski who joined the department in 2008. After numerous felony apprehensions, Ski left West Valley Patrol for a rotation in the headquarters patrol division.
Like his predecessors, Dutch has been trained in enforcement and drug detection. For the drug detection, he specializes in locating marijuana, methamphetamine, cocaine, heroin and opium. His handler, and partner, Deputy Keck was one of five applicants to the program division Capt. Ricardo Urena said.
“He fit the requirements we seek in a candidate and he's really taken to the task,” said Urena from an outdoor training session at West Valley College on Friday, May 25.
Of his new partner, Keck said Dutch's temperament made him a good match for the job.
“He's relaxed yet always ready to work,” Keck said. “He's energetic, super athletic and really engaged when he's working.”
When he's not working, Dutch lives with Keck and his two other dogs. The two-year old Belgian malinois loves his tennis ball toy the most, said Keck, and his dog siblings at home. This is Keck's first time with a K-9 partner.
If you see Dutch in the community, Keck asks that you ask first before petting him. Urena confirmed that Dutch will be a big part of community events in the area.
City renames street for late Knicks player Anthony Mason A South Jamaica street was renamed in honor of beloved Knicks player Anthony ­Mason at an upbeat ceremony Saturday morning. “He was a man full of passion, a man full...
These college stars show what life's like when they don't make the NBA With college basketball season officially underway, scores of players are hitting the hardwood with dreams of earning a giant NBA contract. But what happens when you don't make the cut?...
Steve Masiello: From Knicks ballboy to Manhattan maestro DAYTON, Ohio — It began for him as a child with a passion for the game of basketball, and it never left him. “I still have the same love, but...
'Everyone loved him': Friends pay final respects to Anthony Mason was a fixture in his Queens neighborhood, whether he was a star with the Knicks or after his playing career was over. “Everyone loved him,” said Kyle Thomas,...
Ewing fondly remembers Mason's take-no-prisoners style They took no prisoners. Even among themselves. Pat Riley's Knicks were known for their toughness and Patrick Ewing, the center on those terrific, though title-less teams, recalled the physicality of...
Anthony Mason had '4 children, not 2' by his deathbed The eldest child of former Knicks forward Anthony Mason acknowledged in an emotional statement Monday his father passed away with four children at his bedside. The family has come forward...
Hardaway, Lance Thomas share touching Anthony Mason stories In the wake of Anthony Mason's passing, so many foes remember the ex-Knick's fight, so many fans recall his ferocity. And while the tough Queens product lived up to that...
Derek Fisher: Knicks can learn from Mason's on-court toughness Anthony Mason died Saturday morning, almost two decades after he last played for the Knicks. But as the organization mourns the late Mason's life, they also can learn from him....
Anthony Mason remembered for his buzz-worthy hair trends He carved out a legacy. For decades, Queens barber Freddy Avila, 53, crafted ex-Knick Anthony Mason's signature buzz cuts — popularizing a New York City trend and helping define the...
Stroll the 11 blocks of Manhattan's riverfront East End Avenue, and you'll notice a remarkable absence of city noise.
“You can open your window on Saturday morning and not hear the hum of traffic,” says Corcoran Sunshine Marketing Group sales director Nicole Siciliano-Trazzera, who lived there for six years. “You literally hear birds.”
The tony neighborhood also offers the tranquil 15-acre Carl Schurz Park, sports facilities at Asphalt Green and world-class schools like Chapin and Brearley.
Not to mention a new crop of growing families who've decided they want all the amenities of a leafy suburb without the hassle of a commute.
Demand for homey buildings in cozy neighborhoods — where cherry trees bloom in spring and Halloween parades amble by each fall — is huge.
Only 13 out of 41 units are left at Corigin's new 20 East End Avenue, which was designed by Robert A.M. Stern and features a limestone motor court and some of the last approved wood-burning fireplaces in Manhattan (two-bedrooms start at $4.555 million). Deborah Berke is also designing a building for 81st Street and EEA, and both will join Peter Marino's 170 EEA.
“There is an appeal to suburban lifestyles and developers are taking advantage of it,” says Jonathan Miller, CEO of Miller Samuel Inc. Real Estate Appraisers & Consultants.
From East End Avenue to Boerum Hill, a boomlet of high-end, low-density buildings — with a focus on family living and open space — is rising. Call it Urburbia.
“When Christa was six months old, I realized dodging a stroller down 14th Street wasn't ideal,” says Helen Emanuel, who previously lived in the bustling Meatpacking District with her husband and daughter, now 3.
So last fall, the family (including newborn twins) moved into a tranquil three-bedroom duplex at the Toll Brothers' Pierhouse — set along the 85-acre Brooklyn Bridge Park, which wraps around the western edge of the borough. The 106 townhome-style residences hover around $2,146 per square foot and offer private rooftops, landscaped terraces, bike storage and views of Manhattan.
“It's peaceful, which is what I guess people look for in the suburbs, but you're in Manhattan in a few minutes,” Emanuel notes.
Suburban perks also abound: soccer fields, beach volleyball courts and sailing lessons from soon-to-open One°15 Brooklyn Marina (where even a West Elm is on its way).
For those tempted, other new options in the 'hood include 51 Jay Street, a former factory that offers rare four-bedroom lofts, and One Brooklyn Bridge Park, where Sotheby's International Realty's top broker Karen Heyman is selling an 8,800-square-foot unit for $23 million.
Nearby in Boerum Hill, young families can choose from The Hendrik, at 509 Pacific St., where two- to four-bedroom units go for $1.5 million to $3.995 million, or the Paris Forino-designed 610 Warren, where only three units, priced from $1.895 million to $2.750 million, remain since sales began in June.
For those on the suburban-urban fence, the new-to-market Hub — a 750-unit rental property at 333 Schermerhorn St. — offers one acre of amenities, from a pool and a dog run to outdoor rec spaces, a yoga studio and outdoor movie screenings (from $2,365 to $6,400 per month).
“You are finally starting to see opportunities outside of townhouses while still feeling like you're a part of the walkable neighborhood,” says Brendan Aguayo, managing director of Halstead Property Development Marketing.
Even Wall Street, with its two bona fide malls and tidied waterfront parks, is drawing a settle-down crowd.
Macklowe's One Wall Street is reimagining a former bank above a new Whole Foods as a luxury condo building (for $2,000 to $3,000 per square foot).
And this month, Soho Properties' 45 Park Place — with interiors by Piero Lissoni — will begin selling its 50 condos (from $1.9 million) in this faux suburbia, where 1 Seaport's attended porte cochere and private water club also welcome residents.
“It is exactly where people want to live due to the neighborhood's great vibe, beautiful parks, excellent shopping and easy access to Midtown, Brooklyn, New Jersey and beyond,” says Soho Properties investor relations associate Courtney Longenecker.
With all these new suburban-style oases, Manhattan may need a new nickname: The city that always sleeps.
MADINAH: Prince Sultan bin Salman, president of the Saudi Commission for Tourism and National Heritage, will launch “Madinah, the capital of Islamic Tourism 2017” festival on Saturday in King Fahd Central Park.
Spokesperson for the organizers of the event, Khalid Al-Shahrani, said the organizing committee has finalized preparations for hosting Madinah's guests from all over the Islamic world. He said the countdown for the first-of-its-kind event in the member states of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC).
Al-Shahrani said the event will be attended by ministers, intellectuals, writers and media personalities. He said the festival will be shown live on large screens in certain Madinah areas, such as the Zuhoor alley in the King Fahd garden, the Hijra Road and Al-Rashed mall compound.
Al-Shahrani added that many activities and programs will be held with the launching of the event, which will attract more tourists to Madinah.
Waheeb Al-Sahli, the undersecretary of the Madinah Governorate and head of the Executive Committee of the “Madinah: Islamic Tourism capital” event, has overseen preparations for the inauguration event in King Fahd Central Park. Assisting are Munir bin Mohammed Nasser, director of the Madinah Branch of the Tourism and National Heritage, and Wafi Al-Qahtani, executive manager of the organizing company.
Over 700 people are employed to run the event.
WARWICK, R.I. — The scheduled auction of the Rhode Island home of five-time world boxing champion Vinny Paz has been cancelled.
The auction of the Warwick home was scheduled for Wednesday but the website of Sullivan & Sullivan Auctioneers says it has been cancelled. No reason was given. The auction was announced earlier this month following a foreclosure.
The 55-year-old Paz's three-bedroom house has been subject to liens from both the Internal Revenue Service and the Rhode Island Department of Taxation.
Paz was arrested twice earlier this year. He was charged with assaulting a friend in February. He pleaded no contest in March to assaulting his girlfriend.
Paz is known for his comeback after he broke his neck in a car crash. His story was dramatized in the 2016 film “Bleed for This.”
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Dolphins are ripe for exploiting — if Josh McCown can stand Let's take a closer look at the Jets opponent this week: Miami Dolphins Record: 3-2 Head coach: Adam Gase (second season); Offensive coordinator: Clyde Christensen; Defensive coordinator: Matt Burke Overview: The Jets...
Dolphins aware of video of OL coach snorting white powder Foerster is in his second season with the Dolphins as the offensive line coach.
Jets may have dodged a bullet by not signing Jay Cutler Had it not been for a touchdown in the waning seconds of garbage time, Miami quarterback Jay Cutler would have produced the same amount of points Sunday as his would-be...
The Jets are not ready for the Dolphins' monster Let's take a closer look at the Jets opponent this week: Miami Dolphins Record: 1-0 Head coach: Adam Gase (second year); Offensive coordinator: Clyde Christensen; Defensive coordinator: Matt Burke Overview: The Dolphins...
The Jets' AFC East nightmare has only gotten scarier The Post's guide to the 2017-18 AFC East the Jets will face. Patriots Coach: Bill Belichick (18th season) The Biggest newcomers: Bad news for the rest of the NFL: The Super...
Jay Cutler to the Jets? That would be a huge mistake It's as if the Jets have posted an urgent want ad that reads: “Thin-skinned veteran starting quarterback who doesn't belong anywhere near the bright lights of Broadway and throws too...
Breaking down Steelers-Dolphins: The trio is finally whole Here's a breakdown of the matchups in Sunday's AFC wild-card battle between the Steelers and Dolphins: When the Steelers have the ball This will be the first playoff game where...
Ranking 11 contenders for 2nd best coach in playoffs The Post's Bart Hubbuch begins a five-day series ranking the playoff teams in specific areas. First up are the head coaches: 1. Bill Belichick, Patriots Four rings. Tom Brady still...
Handing out NFL awards, where the Cowboys can't be stopped The exhaustive film study is over, so here are the prestigious season-ending Serbys for the 2016 NFL season: MVP: Matt Ryan We can start with 34 touchdowns and seven interceptions....
The Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA) expects to reduce by at least 3,200 the number of cars plying Edsa during the morning rush hour this holiday season as it implements several traffic measures targeted toward malls located along the major thoroughfare.
Jojo Garcia, the MMDA assistant general manager for planning, said on Friday that by Oct. 15 malls throughout the metro would no longer be allowed to hold weekday sales. He added that the malls also agreed to their request that malls open up late at 11 a.m., and hold nighttime deliveries for nonperishable goods.
According to Garcia, they would be implementing these traffic-easing measures a month earlier than last year since they would want to “give priority” to workers who might get caught in traffic jams during the holiday season.
ADVERTISEMENT
Based on the MMDA's historical data, number of cars plying metro roads increases by as much as 20 percent as Christmas day approaches.
By implementing the traffic measures until Jan. 15 next year, Garcia said they estimate that around 200 cars from each mall are taken off the streets during the morning rush.
As the Metro Manila Council (MMC) convenes on Tuesday next week, other measures addressing the capital's perennial road congestion may be rolled out before the year-end. The MMC is the MMDA's policymaking arm, composed of the 17 Metro Manila mayors. /jpv
There are reports of slow traffic on the A1 southbound after an accident at Marston crossroads between a car and a lorry.
There are also similar reports that the A607 at Belton has just been re-opened following an accident.
A police spokesman said: “Three vehicles were involved in the A607 incident. Three people were taken to QMC with non-life threatening injuries. We are just arranging recovery and the road has been opened.”
2018 Honda Accord and Accord Hybrid Specifications and Features
* For better visibility, download the PDF file to your computer or select zoom level.
BELLEVUE, Wash. - A Seattle-area company has removed a controversial school shooting video game off of its online platform following widespread backlash.
The "Active Shooter" video game was pulled days before it was to be released on the video-game marketplace Steam.
Valve Corp. as Steam's parent company said Tuesday that it was removing the computer video game because the developer was a "troll with a history of customer abuse."
The game was developed by Revived Games, published by Acid and lead by a person named Ata Berdiyev, who had previously been kicked off of the platform under a different business name.
The game allows players to re-create school shootings by stalking school hallways and racking up kills.
It was condemned by the parents of students killed during a Florida school shooting in February.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
OTTAWA — Finance Minister Bill Morneau can expect a lot of provincial hands reaching for the federal purse strings when he sits down with his counterparts in Ottawa today.
The issue of who should get the lion's share of revenue from legalized cannabis is expected to be a major bone of contention.
The provinces and territories say they'll have to bear the lion's share of the costs associated with legalization, and therefore should get most of the revenue.
Among the expenses the provinces are likely to face are beefed up policing, increased road safety efforts, busier court systems and public awareness campaigns.
Morneau has said the federal government should get as much as half the tax revenue. Federal officials say Morneau's argument will be that Ottawa has put aside more than $1 billion over five years toward the costs involved with legalization.
But provincial finance ministers like Ontario's Charles Sousa are skeptical, and want the federal government to explain exactly what it's paying for.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Unconventional cellar door opens in Tasmania
The Tamar Valley Wine Route gains a new cellar this week as sparkling specialist Clover Hill opens its architecturally distinct tasting rooms. “There's a huge movement in the Australian industry at the moment with regard to landscape integration and impactful designs that reflect a winery's uniqueness, and I can safely say you'll see no other cellar door like this,” said chief executive Adam Torpy. Source, Wine Companion
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
1:02 Parts of Haiti left in ruins, says UN humanitarian coordinator
“I think I'm fabulous. My personality is, like, a 20," Espada revealed in a new interview.
Dramatic video of deadly plane crash mysteriously surfaces Newly surfaced footage of the 2013 deadly crash of an Asiana jetliner at San Francisco International Airport shows the dramatic moment the plane went down on the tarmac and the...
Man claims airline forced him to move seats over prosthetic leg A San Francisco man claims that he was asked to move seats on his flight from Beijing to Seoul over his prosthetic leg. Tim Seward said that he paid more for...
Pilot mismanagement caused Asiana plane crash: feds WASHINGTON — Pilot mismanagement and confusion caused Asiana Flight 214 to crash in San Francisco last year, federal accident investigators concluded Tuesday. The National Transportation Safety Board said there was...
Asiana Airlines fined for delay in contacting families after crash LOS ANGELES — In the first penalty of its kind, federal transportation officials on Tuesday docked Asiana Airlines $500,000 for failing to promptly contact passengers' families and keep them informed...
City disputes claim that Asiana crash victim was killed by rescue workers The coroner who concluded a girl died after she was twice run over by rescue trucks racing toward a burning plane disputes a different conclusion from city officials who say...
Asiana crash victim run over twice despite warnings Never-before-seen footage showing the chaotic rescue mission moments after the Asiana Airlines plane crash has provided a disturbing insight into the movements and actions of authorities on the ground. The...
There are few foods that have been eaten at some point by just about everyone in the Western world, but french fries are one of them.
Call them fries, call them chips, call them frites — whatever you call them, fried potato sticks are one of the most universally beloved junk foods on earth.
What is it about fries that makes them so popular? It's probably the fact that, calorie count aside, they're the perfect food. When submerged in hot oil that's the right temperature for the right amount of time, something magical happens to sticks of sliced potatoes: They get golden brown and crispy on the outside, light and fluffy on the inside, and become the perfect vessel for just about any topping, from salt and ketchup to gravy and cheese curds.
Ask any chef and he or she will tell you that there's a real science behind making perfect french fries. If the oil is too cold, they'll be limp and soggy; if it's too hot, the outside will burn before the inside is cooked. All great fries need to be cooked twice; once in cooler oil to “blanch” them, and again in hotter oil right before service to crisp them up. The starch level needs to be just right, too; many chefs let their fries sit in water before cooking to allow some of the excess starch to drain.
When a fry is great it's legendary, but when a fry is bad…it's really bad.
Whether they're Ore-Ida fries from the freezer section of your supermarket, fries hot out of the fryer from McDonald's, or fries served alongside a burger at your local diner, french fries seem everywhere you turn in this country.
But they're not just an American food, they're popular the world over. And why not? Fries are just about impossible to dislike.
Anyone who works a typical 9-to-5 job knows that sitting is the bane of their existence. Our backs and overall body structure aren't made to withstand hours sitting at a desk, but work often demands just that. Opting for the proper office chair, one designed to cradle you as you work and provide you with the ample comfort, is a practical and well-advised solution.
More: Don't just sit there, check out the best standing desks you can buy
The best chairs go beyond what you'd expect. Many offer resounding ergonomic benefits, breathable mesh backing, and excellent lumbar support, while simultaneously granting you a swath of customization options spanning everything from colors to contours. None of them are going to be a cure-all for your workday woes — at least, not in the way a standing desk might be — but customized suspension and the appropriate aesthetics go far in the long haul.
The Best: Herman Miller Embody
So, what is it about to Embody we hold so revered? It's a fair question, sure, especially considering to Embody's lofty price tag and accompanying shipping costs. Well, for starters, the chair offers a dynamic matrix of “pixels” that allow the seat and back to automatically conform to your body's every movement, while the chair's central spine and flexible ribs work to maintain proper posture regardless if you lean forward or recline. Said movement capabilities help promote better blood and oxygen flow, and if that wasn't enough, the advanced tilt mechanism helps combat unwanted hip, neck, and lumbar strain. The chair even sizes to fit your body perfectly, comes in a swath of colors, and features a skin-like covering for increased airflow.
Price: $1,160+
Buy one now from:
Amazon Office Designs
Local chef and daredevil Jenny Curran has teamed up with overseas aid charity Concern Worldwide to encourage Ballymena and Antrim shoppers to support its alternative Christmas gifts.
The healthy food blogger and former Miss NI contestant has had a blast in the kitchen whipping up the brunch of her dreams using avocados, sweet potatoes and eggs – just a few of the life-changing gifts that could benefit disadvantaged communities in some of the world's poorest countries.
The more than 25 gifts on offer also include paying school fees for children living in Kenya's slums, providing wells for communities in Malawi without clean water, and supplying mosquito nets to help combat malaria in places like South Sudan.
This isn't the first time that Jenny has been involved in supporting Concern. She has taken part in the charity's challenge to live on only £5 for a week, and the Great Ethiopian Run for Concern where she saw first-hand the impact of its work in transforming lives. Last year, with the support of the people of Ballymena and Antrim, Concern delivered more than 10,000 gifts to families around the world. Find out more at www.concerngifts.org or call 0800 032 4001.
A man has been taken to hospital after a crash.
Fire crews from Wrexham worked to free the casualty trapped after emergency services were called to the B5426 in Gyfelia near Ruabon shortly before 11.30am.
Two crews from Wrexham went to the scene and helped cut the man free from the vehicle.
The road was closed following the crash and reopened before 2pm.
Motorists were urged to avoid the area as the road was closed from the junction for the A483 to the Eyton roundabout.
A Welsh Ambulance Service spokesman said: “We were called at approximately 11.35am this morning to reports of a single-vehicle road traffic collision in Gyfelia, Wrexham.
“We sent a crew in an emergency ambulance and a paramedic in a rapid response vehicle, and a man was taken to Wrexham Maelor Hospital.”
North Wales Police tweeted: “Road closure following RTC on the B5426 #Gyfelia, #Wrexham from the Junction/A483 to the Eyton Roundabout, please avoid the area. Thank you.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England fans in Croydon erupted in celebration after a nerve-wracking penalty shootout win over Colombia sent Gareth Southgate's Three Lions through to the World Cup quarter final.
Hundreds of fans packed out Boxpark Croydon to watch the match on a big screen and after Jordan Pickford's stunning save, supporters waited in silence with their arms around each other as Eric Dier stepped up to take the decisive penalty.
When the ball just went past David Ospina's outstretched hand and hit the back of the net - confirming England's first ever World Cup penalty shootout win – wild scenes of celebration broke out at the food and drink venue.
Videos showed fans cheering with joy, swinging shirts around their heads and hugging anyone near them.
(Image: Boxpark Croydon)
Loud chants of ‘football's coming home' could be heard as plastic beer cups flew through the air.
The win means England will play Sweden in the quarter final on Saturday (July 7) at 3pm.
For each World Cup screening, Boxpark Croydon has been offering free priority entry tickets to the venue.
These tickets only provide priority entry up to an hour before kickoff, doors will still have entry to people turning up on the day subject to availability. Under 18s must be accompanied by an adult.
You can get priority tickets for the quarter final matches online at the Boxpark Croydon website here.
Author Toure Muhammad is the head bean, publisher and chief strategist of Bean Soup Times. The Morehouse graduate has written front page cover stories for The Final Call and N'digo. He has been featured in the Chicago Reader, Upscale magazine, rolling out newspaper, and N'Digo magapaper. He's been featured on Tavis Smiley's radio show on NPR, on Chicago's WBEZ (Chicago public radio), and many other radio shows.
LANGLEY, B.C. – Jordan Durston of Wallaceburg had one goal and three assists for the Vancouver Stealth in a 15-11 win over the Calgary Roughnecks on Saturday in the National Lacrosse League.
Stealth goalie Tye Belanger of Wallaceburg made 39 saves.
The Stealth (7-9) are in third place in the West Division with two games left. They'll clinch a playoff spot with a win this Saturday against the Colorado Mammoth or Saturday, April 29, at the New England Black Wolves.
Belanger has a 5-7 record. He ranks second in the NLL in save percentage (.787) and fourth in goals-against average (11.34).
Durston has scored in seven consecutive games. He has 22 goals and 16 assists in 16 games overall.
Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, center, arrives at the Fort Bragg courtroom facility for an arraignment hearing on Tuesday, May 17, 2016 on Fort Bragg, N.C. ANDREW CRAFT FAYETTEVILLE OBSERVER via AP
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Bernie Sanders' stepdaughter loses bid for mayor BURLINGTON, Vt. — U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders' stepdaughter on Tuesday lost her bid for mayor of Vermont's largest city, where Sanders got his political start. Carina Driscoll was defeated by...
Bernie Sanders' stepdaughter running for mayor in Vermont MONTPELIER, Vt. — Voters are set to decide whether to elect Bernie Sanders' stepdaughter as mayor of Vermont's largest city, where the independent senator got his political start. Carina Driscoll...
Florida school shooting is the result of law enforcement failing us It is said that in war, truth is the first casualty. Something similar happens on our political battlegrounds as well, where truth, if it survives, is usually a heavy underdog....
Bernie Sanders' son Levi announces run for Congress The son of former presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has announced that he's running for a congressional seat in New Hampshire. Levi Sanders, 48, declared his candidacy for New Hampshire's 1st...
Bernie's bogus Russian troll story and other comments Foreign desk: Korean Olympic Détente Won't Last The Winter Olympics are over, and so is the peaceful interlude in the North Korean nuclear crisis. But that crisis, predicts The Atlantic's...
Sanders: Hillary ignored warnings about Russian trolls Bernie Sanders has blamed Hillary Clinton for not doing more to stop the Russians' widespread interference in the 2016 presidential election. “The real question to be asked is what was...
Sanders: Trump's response to Russian meddling is a 'horror show' Sen. Bernie Sanders on Sunday blasted President Trump for not marshaling the forces to protect the United States from Russia disrupting future elections, calling the lack of action a “horror...
Bernie Sanders has a lot of problems with Trump's speech Liberal icon Bernie Sanders is blasting President Donald Trump for what he did not say during his State of the Union address. The 2016 presidential candidate used his Facebook page...
Democratic senators blast Trump's new re-election ad Two senators on Sunday blasted an ad released by President Trump's re-election campaign during divisive budget negotiations that calls Democrats “complicit” in murders committed by illegal immigrants. “It is really...
A Tennessee woman's video of her son recounting being bullied at middle school has prompted a wave of support from athletes and entertainers.
Kimberly Jones said in a Facebook post she had just picked up her son, Keaton, from school because he was too afraid to go to lunch.
In the video, Keaton said other students call him ugly, make fun of his nose and tell him he has no friends. He said milk was poured on him and ham was put down his clothes.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Video of tearful Tennessee boy describing bullying at school goes viral 4:08 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?" Keaton said. "What's the point of it? Why do they find joy in taking innocent people and find a way to be mean to them? It's not OK.
"People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. If you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you."
The video had more than 22 million views by early Monday.
"We all know how it feels to want to belong," Jones said in her post, "but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere."
Among those offering their support to Keaton Jones through social media were actor Chris Evans, Cleveland Cavaliers stars LeBron James and J.R. Smith and UFC champion Stipe Miocic.
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
That's a damn shame. Keaton if your around when we play in Memphis i would love to invite you to one of our games. Head up Champ! https://t.co/Moh9ObdgX8 — JR Smith (@TheRealJRSmith) December 11, 2017
Damn right! Bullies are straight up wack, corny, cowards, chumps, etc, etc! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward! You're the best https://t.co/pqDgay77l9 — LeBron James (@KingJames) December 11, 2017
Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker invited the Jones family to an upcoming game, while University of Tennessee wide receiver Tyler Byrd said he and several teammates plan to visit Keaton at school.
Country music star Kelsea Ballerini tweeted that the next time she comes home to her native Knoxville, she wants to be with Keaton to witness the bullies apologize.
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say they are sorry to you. you don't deserve that. keep your head up and continue to be kind...you will always Come out on top. sending a hug. https://t.co/fZn2hbMPKp — Kelsea Ballerini (@KelseaBallerini) December 10, 2017
Retired race car driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said on Twitter he wants Keaton to "add me to your long list of friends," and Snoop Dogg said on Instagram that Keaton "has a friend for life" and that "love is the only way to beat hate."
A Bronx man sentenced to life in prison for murdering a 15-year-old boy in 2009 walked out of court a free man Monday amid allegations of evidence-tampering in his case.
The Bronx District Attorney's Office had lobbied for the freedom of Steven Odiase, 31 — although it said it might eventually retry him.
Odiase and another man were convicted in 2013 of fatally shooting Juan Jerez, a high-school freshman, as the teen was headed to play basketball with his friends in The Bronx. Police said the teen had been involved with neighborhood rivals earlier in the day.
But Jonathan Edelstein, one of Odiase's three appellate lawyers, said that when his team asked the DA to hand over the files on the case during their review of it, they discovered one of the police reports had been tampered with.
Edelstein said the report had been redacted to delete a witness's supposed description of Odiase — which didn't match what he looked like.
“It wasn't blacked out, it was redacted in a way that was strange. It was more whited out with a computer. It was hard to detect,” Edelstein told The Post.
“The more we worked on this case, the more I became convinced that we were defending an innocent man,” Edelstein said.
Prosecutors were convinced to take another look at the case and decided that the report was questionable enough that Odiase deserved to be freed, at least for now.
Odiase was surrounded by family when his conviction was vacated Monday.
DA spokeswoman Patrice O'Shaughnessy said Odiase is due back in court June 13, giving the office time to re-evaluate the case.
“We still might re-try him,” O'Shaughnessy said. “He was released on his own recognizance, but it's not the final step.”
His co-defendant, Daikwan Giles, who confessed to the killing, remains behind bars.
Video
A derailed freight train in Cambridgeshire has caused chaos on services across the East of England.
The line is blocked at the Ely North junction near Queen Adelaide, preventing passage of train services to and from Peterborough, Ely, London, Cambridge, Stansted Airport and Bury St Edmunds.
Operator Abellio Great Anglia said services would be cancelled, delayed or suspended until the line was cleared.
The incident happened just before 14:30 BST and there are not believed to be any casualties.
The freight train operator, Network Rail and emergency services are working to assess the situation.
Southern 100 Solo Champion Dean Harrison is hoping for more success in the 2018 season as he continues with the Silicone Engineering Kawasaki team.
MARION, Ohio — Authorities say an Ohio man has been charged criminally after using Facebook Live to record a beating.
The Marion Star reports 30-year-old Thomas Patton, of Marion, was indicted Wednesday on one count of felonious assault.
Marion police say Patton was arrested after officers found video posts on his Facebook page that included the beating and one in which he says he'd punch the first person he saw walking down the street.
Police say officers responded Sept. 20 to a call about a 21-year-old man who said he'd been assaulted by a stranger. An affidavit says the man was punched in the face several times and received treatment for a broken nose.
Police say Patton admitted to the assault after being arrested.
Court records don't indicate whether Patton has an attorney.
——
Information from: The Marion Star, http://www.marionstar.com
Jeremy Clements and his family owned Xfinity Series team been doing a lot of “running around” in the weeks leading up to the 2018 season.
Clements' team has been “burning some gas” as they get their No. 51 Chevrolet compatible with NASCAR's new Hawkeye inspection system, which will debut at Daytona International Speedway.
“Coming from a small team, going to that (Hawkeye system), we've been to that of course (at the NASCAR Research and Development Center),” Clements said Saturday on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio's “The Front Stretch.” “Our cars all failed like first time, each time. We had to go back to the body guy. He had to take another swing at it and he got her fixed up. It's definitely been tough at first to be honest. We don't have any of that stuff.”
Ryan Newman said at the NASCAR Media tour that Richard Childress Racing spent $350,000 to install its own Hawkeye inspection rig at its shop in Welcome, North Carolina.
The process includes 17 cameras and eight projectors that will produce a 3D model of the car. That is then compared to the CAD model of the car to determine how far away it is from the tolerance.
Without anywhere near the kind of funding RCR enjoys, JRC has trekked to NASCAR's R&D center to become familiar with the process.
MORE: Friday Five details new pit road rules
But unlike most teams, Clements' isn't based in the Charlotte, North Carolina, area and neither is their body specialist.
The team's shop is based out of Spartanburg, South Carolina, a 75-mile trip one way from Charlotte. The specialist is near RCR's shop, which is roughly an hour northeast of Charlotte.
“He's up a good way,” Clements said. “We've been running around a lot lately. My guys have been working a lot of hours and going back and forth. It's been a problem for sure, but I think it'll get better for sure. Too early to tell right now … It's going to take it a few races to get all sorted out.”
When it is firmly established, Clements believes it will “level the playing field” for small teams like his, which earned its first NASCAR win last year at Road America and made the Xfinity playoffs.
“I don't think they (big teams) can do all the trick stuff they were doing,” Clements said. “Now I'm sure they'll figure out other ways to do other things, but that's the name of the game.”
The new inspection process isn't the only new element NASCAR has introduced that Clements' team will have to adapt to.
NASCAR is limiting the number of pit crew members allowed over the wall during pits stops from six to five. It has also mandated the use of standardized pit guns over a gun created by teams.
Clements sees the standardized pit gun as significant move that will help his team.
“That's good because that was getting kind out of hand,” said Clements, who estimated the team must pay $300 to rent a gun. “Only drawback to that is just, I hate to say it, but the money we got to spend for that.
“We're trying not trying to spend in every direction, but that's the only negative to that part. But I like that the guns are supposed to be all equal because they were definitely getting out of hand.”
Follow @DanielMcFadin and on Facebook
MALIBU, Calif. (AP) -- Miles Reynolds scored 22 points on 8-for-13 shooting to lead Pacific to an 81-72 win over Pepperdine on Saturday night.
Roberto Gallinat added 19 points and Lafayette Dorsey had 16 for Pacific, which shot 53 percent from the field to pick up its first back-to-back road wins since joining the West Coast Conference. Jahlil Tripp had nine points, nine rebounds and eight assists for the Tigers (12-13, 7-5).
Tied at 62-all late in the second half, Gallinat hit a jumper to spark a 5-1 spurt and put Pacific on top for good. Pepperdine tightened the gap to 67-65 on two free throws by Darnell Dunn with 5:30 left, but the Waves got no closer.
Eric Cooper Jr. had 19 points for Pepperdine (4-20, 1-11), which has lost 14 of its last 15 games. Kameron Edwards added 16 points and Matthew Atewe had 14 for the Waves.
8:37 Stephen Miller warms up crowd of Trump supporters Pause
1:51 Gardner pleased with her Mercer team
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast: Mistress carves messages into lover's wife's Honda
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
3:22 Trump holds White House meeting with county sheriffs
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
Would you want to date someone who didn't write his or her own dating profile? Well, it happens. For a fee of $900, New York dating coach Meredith Golden ghost writes online dating profiles.
The New York City matchmaker, a 42-year-old married mother of two, curates her clients' profiles, even crafting messages to set up dates. The idea of working as an online dating coach came to her after setting up several of her friends who ultimately got married in the late 1990s. Two years ago, she started charging for the service after people she didn't know came to her for help.
Golden herself met her husband through friends 16 years ago — before dating apps had hit the scene. She has never personally used a dating app, but said her training makes her equipped to help modern singles. With a master's degree in social work from New York University and five years of experience in individual psychotherapy treating patients with depression and anxiety, Golden saw an opportunity to take on a more light-hearted trade. “All those skills transferred over to this work I'm doing now,” she said.
Golden juggles a maximum of 12 clients at a time, charging them $900 for the first month of coaching, $700 for the second, and $500 for each additional month. She said she works with men of all ages but most women who come to her are in their mid-to-late 30s. While some clients have relationship problems to be solved, most people come to her because they are simply too busy to date. She mentions one client, a divorced investment banker in her late 40s who is “beautiful, successful, and single.” She's got a high-pressure job and two kids on the Upper East Side in New York City — and no time for dating.
“Most of my clients have these enormously successful careers and they've got families,” she said.
MarketWatch spoke with Golden about what she's learned about finding love in the process:
MarketWatch: Which apps do you use?
Golden: Each client has a different need. I have one client I put on Bumble and that's plenty, because they get so many dates and it's so time consuming. There are other people who aren't going to have as easy of a time — one app isn't sufficient.
If someone is older and divorced, I might put them on one matching app and a ‘swipey' app [a location-based app like Tinder] and if that doesn't work then I'll add something like Coffee Meets Bagel. If a girl is in her late 30s, no kids and highly educated I will put her on The League. If I have someone in the suburbs who are older and Jewish, JDate is great for them. If they are Jewish and in their mid-30s, JSwipe will be good. If they are really educated and want to meet a great guy in finance, The League may be a better fit. For a lot of my older clients, women who are divorced in mid 40s or 50s, Match.com can be great.
MarketWatch: What aspects of dating do you help with?
Golden: I am a jack of all trades in this sense, I do all of the profiles including selecting photos and writing the bios. I really believe what people put out there is what comes back. If someone presents themselves like a curmudgeon holed up in their apartment they're going to get that back. So I make them look happy, like they have a full life — whether it's a short profile on Bumble or Hinge or a longer profile on Match.
Here's what you want your profile to say: I have a good life, I have a family, I have friends. I am joyful and positive — and in addition to all this good stuff I'm looking for someone to share this with. I say that in the voice of the client and in a way that reflects their hobbies and interests.
MarketWatch: How do you go about making the profile?
Golden: I read over their Facebook and Instagram and meet with them to get their relationship history, and learn if there's a problem. Some people say, “I don't have a problem with getting a first date but a second date.” I try to see what the single is doing to not get a second date. Maybe they are announcing they want kids too soon, or she's needy or a guy doesn't follow up enough. Usually, I fix it pretty quickly and break the pattern.
MarketWatch: Do you do the messaging as well?
Golden: Of course. I go in as my client. Even though it comes off as them, I am the person doing all the writing and back and forth. When it's time to schedule I will set up a date. Some clients like to keep control of their own calendar at which point they'll jump in to schedule the date.
MarketWatch: Do you worry that the matches aren't getting an authentic conversation when you chat for them?
Golden: It's so surface level that I don't worry about that at all. There is no information that should be given out on a dating app that goes past surface level interest. Are you married? Do you have kids? What are your hobbies? Everything else should be in person.
MarketWatch: Aren't there various red flags on profiles and other traits people should be looking out for beyond surface level conversation?
Golden: Yes, and I have a knack for sifting through what smells right. I can look through someone's profile and tell if they are actually in their 50s when they say they're 42. Most of my clients are too busy to spend that much time sifting through these apps.
MarketWatch: What's your success rate with first dates?
Golden: If I am asking for a first date as a guy, I know when the girl is interested — 100%. As the girl I don't ask, the guy always has to ask. I'm old fashioned in that sense.
Don't Miss: Don't be fooled by these common online photo tricks
MarketWatch: If you're a woman wanting to be asked out by men on these apps, how do you know if a guy is into you?
Golden: If they aren't asking you out by the third or fourth it's not happening.
MarketWatch: What are some tips for photos?
Golden: My pet peeves are chest pictures, bathing suits pictures, or lying on your back in a bed taking a selfie. Take your earbuds out — what are you doing? Have a picture of you smiling that isn't a selfie. Have your doorman take it, have an Uber driver take it. Look up at the camera, not down; don't grimace, no puckering faces. Just smile and be happy. It doesn't have to be a professional photographer or work picture, it just needs to not be slovenly. Guys don't get that a picture has a huge impact on whether a girl chooses to talk to them.
MarketWatch: Would you recommend guys get a second opinion then?
Golden: Obviously! And a third opinion — from a female friend and not one of your bros.
What about women's photos?
Golden: Generally women's pictures represent who they are. Guys typically look better in person because their pictures don't represent who they are.
Also see: The unbelievable persistence of the male-paid date
MarketWatch: What are the biggest mistakes women make when dating online?
Golden: I think the expectations are too high for women online. Not everyone comes in the package we want, they may have other attributes. Everyone's got a strength to bring to the table and it doesn't always come how we expect it to look.
MarketWatch: What are the biggest mistakes men make when dating online?
Golden: They don't ask the girl out. Guys also think everyone is available last minute. If you are connecting with someone on Thursday, the time to ask her out isn't that night at 6 p.m. A good exchange is, “I would love to get a drink next week.” Then get her cell number and keep the conversation going.
MarketWatch: Do you have LGBTQ customers and how does their experience differ?
Golden: I don't think it does, I think love is love, the objective is the same, and all dating apps have options for all orientations now.
MarketWatch: Who should pay on the first date?
Golden: Whoever initiates — but I think the guy should initiate so then the guy should pay.
MarketWatch: What is your number one rule for single people using dating apps?
Golden: Stay off on the weekend. Weekends are for having fun you should look busy and active and having a full weekend — you shouldn't be sitting around on a Saturday afternoon on Hinge.
MARBELLA, Spain — Spain led Britain 2-1 in the Davis Cup World Group after Pablo Carreno-Busta and Feliciano Lopez beat Dominic Inglot and Jamie Murray 6-4, 6-4, 7-6 (4) in doubles on Saturday.
The Spanish pair forced 35 errors to win the match in just under 2 1/2 hours on the outdoor clay at Club de Tenis Puente Romano.
The teams, missing respective stars Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray, split Friday's singles.
The hottest young business dynamos in town are not working on Wall Street, according to Crain's New York Business. Dancers, artists and start-up founders have taken over the publication's prestigious...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Many of schools in the borough are closed today (Monday, December 11) due to the snowy conditions.
A yellow weather warning for ice is in place today until 11am and temperatures will struggle to rise above freezing for most of the day.
We rely on local authorities to provide information about which schools are closed and which are open today but it is advisable to check with your child's school if you're unsure.
These are the schools confirmed to be closed:
- Abbey Gate College, Chester ( CLOSED )
- Bishop Heber School, Malpas ( CLOSED )
- Dorin Park School, Chester ( CLOSED )
- Crewe UTC ( CLOSED )
- The King's School, Chester ( CLOSED )
- Shocklach School, Malpas ( CLOSED )
- Tarporley High School ( CLOSED )
- Tilston CE Primary School, Malpas ( CLOSED )
- Winsford Academy ( CLOSED )
The following schools remain open:
- Blacon High School ( OPEN )
- Christleton High School, Chester ( OPEN )
- Christleton Primary School, Chester ( OPEN )
- Dee Point Primary School, Chester ( OPEN )
- The Grange, Hartford ( OPEN )
- Kingsley St John's CE Primary School, Frodsham ( OPEN )
- Neston Primary School ( OPEN )
- The Queen's School, Chester ( OPEN )
- Queen's Park High School, Chester ( OPEN )
- St Oswald's CE Aided Primary School, Chester ( OPEN )
- St Werburgh's and St Columba's CP School, Chester ( OPEN )
- St Saviour's Catholic Primary School, Ellesmere Port ( OPEN )
- Tarporley CE Primary School ( OPEN )
- Upton Heath CE Primary School, Chester ( OPEN )
- West Cheshire College, ( OPEN )
Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. has reached deals to sell nearly two dozen television stations as it works to get regulators to sign off on its purchase of Tribune Media Co.
Sinclair SBGI, -0.52% said Tuesday that the move to sell the 23 stations in 18 markets, some of which are owned by Sinclair and some by Tribune TRCO, -0.34% , was needed to obtain government approval for the $3.9 billion purchase of fellow television-station owner Tribune.
Sinclair said the stations are being sold to various parties, including Standard Media Group LLC, Meredith Corp. MDP, -0.20% , Howard Stirk and Cunningham Broadcasting Corp., as well as another party yet to be disclosed.
Standard Media said it was purchasing nine stations for $441.7 million. Meredith said it would buy a station for $65 million. After the purchase of Tribune stations and deals announced Tuesday, Sinclair said it would have 215 stations in 102 markets in its fold.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Amazon to start offering in-car deliveries.
How to dress like a billionaire.
Pandora stocks tumble amid rise of Apple Music Pandora stock fell as much as 21 percent to $15.25 in after-hours trading Thursday following a poorly received third quarter earnings report. The ad-supported Internet radio company delivered several bitter...
Apple loses top music executive behind Beats1 radio Apple is losing one of its top music executives just two months after launching a new streaming service to compete with Spotify. Ian Rogers, the former CEO of Beats Music,...
Music boss rants about 'inept' tech geeks ruining biz Jimmy Iovine, the former Interscope label chief, thinks the music business is in dire straits — and blames technology geeks for putting it there. Iovine, who helped launch the career...
Competition Commission probing music-streaming services The European Union's Competition Commission has launched a probe of Apple and other premium music-streaming services to see if they are working with music labels to unfairly squash no-fee streaming...
Beats Music lining up talent for exclusive releases It's been a while since we've heard much about Jimmy Iovine and Dr. Dre's Beats Music, but our music industry spies say Iovine is having fresh talks with artists about...
Jimmy Iovine gets pushback over Beats Music streaming plan Cheap is better than free. At least that's the message from music mogul Jimmy Iovine as he helps Tim Cook-led Apple ready the crucial relaunch of Beats Music next year....
Beats World Cup marketing subdued after Olympic snafu Dr. Dre's Beats Entertainment has decided against a guerrilla marketing campaign around Brazil's upcoming World Cup, The Post has learned. Despite launching a new video ad starring Brazil's Neymar da...
Spotify 'beats' the pants off Dr. Dre's fledgling streaming service Dr. Dre (who burst onto the rap scene as a solo artist in 1992 with “The Chronic”) may be living large, but his Beats Music is definitely small. The four-month-old...
Apple-Beats deal all about red-hot music exec Iovine Apple's expected deal to buy Beats Electronics for $3.2 billion is really about one man — Jimmy Iovine. The tech titan was so anxious to snag the 61-year-old music industry...
NYFW kicked off Wednesday night at Tom Ford's celeb-studded front row that included Cindy Crawford, Julianne Moore and a spandex-clad Kim Kardashian (who was also debuting a newly white-grey hairstyle).
On the runway, the scene was equally buzzy: Gigi Hadid walked in a millennial pink sparkly number, while Kendall Jenner wore a black sheer gown that revealed her bum.
After the runway show transformed into a rowdy after-party, more skin was on display in the way of topless male models wearing what we can only imagine is Ford's take on soccer uniform chic: short-shorts, tube socks and sneaks. As they served up seemingly endless trays of Shake Shack burgers and champagne-filled flutes, it was the perfect naughty mash-up Ford is known for (and with a new perfume out called F*cking Fabulous, we wouldn't expect anything less of him).
Image caption Frightened Rabbit were due to play at Belladrum this summer
A tribute is to be paid to Scottish musician Scott Hutchison at this August's Belladrum Tartan Heart Festival.
The singer, who died earlier this year, was to perform at the event near Beauly with his band Frightened Rabbit.
Frightened Rabbit's album The Midnight Organ Fight is to be played in full with a video tribute to Hutchison in the band's headline slot.
The band made regular appearances at Belladrum.
A collection is also to be held for the Scottish Association for Mental Health.
Image caption Scott Hutchison would surprise music fans with impromptu solo performances
Frightened Rabbit, a Scottish indie rock band from Selkirk, were to headline Bella's Hot House stage.
The band had previously appeared at the festival in 2008, 2012 and 2014, with Scott also making impromptu solo acoustic performances at the 2012 event.
Bella's promoter Joe Gibbs said: "Following suggestions from fans and our own deliberations we felt that a tribute to Scott and the band would be more appropriate than any other course of action.
"Playing the album live will be a chance for everyone to come together to pay tribute to and remember both Scott and the band's outstanding contribution to Scottish music."
Just as there's room for more than one movie about superheroes, there's room for more than one movie about attending weddings under false pretenses. The frankness in “Mike and Dave...
Pop superstar Beyonce helped celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Country Music Awards with a secret and boisterous performance of her song “Daddy Lessons” with the Dixie Chicks. Beyonce hit...
“Like many of you with children of your own, I am a very proud mom,” said the 57-year-old mother of two.
Image caption The castle is the Queen's official residence in Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland's 'newest' tourist attraction just happens to be 250-years-old.
But life will begin afresh for Hillsborough Castle on July 1, when the Queen's official residence opens as a year-round visitor destination.
To prepare for a targeted 200,000 paying customers a year, it is getting a £20m makeover.
Tourists from China and the United States are among those already booked on tours.
Patricia Corbett, head of Hillsborough Castle, said: "This is a huge opportunity to open this asset to the people of Northern Ireland - to give it back if you like."
Presidential guests
Previously it had limited public openings, including royal garden parties, before being taken over in 2014 by Historic Royal Palaces.
The charity is behind the refurbishment, with part of the money coming from lottery funds.
Renovation effort is currently focused on the castle, a Georgian mansion dating to the 1770s, which hosted President George W. Bush on a trip to Northern Ireland in 2003.
Another part of the project involves restoring a four-acre walled garden.
Image caption Works is well under way to get the castle ready
However, along with a visitor centre, it will not be ready for tourists until April 2019, when the project will be complete in its entirety.
A car park to serve the attraction is also being built off the A1.
Lisburn and Castlereagh Council hopes Hillsborough Castle will become "a jewel in the crown" for the borough and it proposes spending £5m on improvements to the village and its forest park.
Councillor Allan Ewart said the aim is to get at least 10% of castle visitors to explore the village.
"We are delighted with what is happening. This can be a real boost to the area's economy."
Andrew Graham, who manages the Hillside pub in Hillsborough, agreed.
"With numbers being up at 200,000 people, as a business you hope to get a portion of that.
"Even if it is 10% it will be very fruitful."
Northern Ireland's most popular attraction, the Giant's Causeway, attracts a million visitors a year.
Image caption Patricia Corbett is overseeing the restoration
If Hillsborough hits its target, it will sit just outside Northern Ireland's top 10 attractions and Patricia Corbett is confident it will prove popular.
"This will be the most significant addition to tourism in Northern Ireland in recent years.
"What we have is unique in terms of significant royal pedigree," she added.
Ballymena United beat Ballinamallard United 4-3 on penalties after coming from two goals down to draw 2-2 in the Irish Cup sixth round at the Showgrounds.
The Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport is ready for the arrival of tens of thousands of Super Bowl 52 fans — and extremely prepared for their departure from the Twin Cities on Monday after Sunday's big game.
“For many Super Bowl attendees, Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport will be their first and last impression of Minnesota, and we want to ensure it's a great one,” said Brian Ryks, executive director and CEO of the Metropolitan Airports Commission, which owns and operates MSP.
The airport has spruced up with a special Super Bowl info page on its website, an enhanced Wi-Fi system, new carpeting, new furniture, new shops and restaurants and has added lots of NFL signage and pop-up Super Bowl souvenir shops in the terminals.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Security, cold weather and excitement ahead of Super Bowl Sunday 2:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Extra volunteers have been recruited to help travelers with airport wayfinding and extra space has been arranged for all the taxis, rental cars, limos and Uber and Lyft cars that will be supplementing public transportation options at the airport.
Weather contingency plans are in place. Airport police and fire crews have been working with city, county and federal law enforcement agencies on how to deal with various scenarios. And the Transportation Security Administration is bringing in extra officers and passenger-screening canines to help process passengers heading home after the game.
“TSA operations at MSP following the Super Bowl will be an ‘all hands on deck' operation,” said TSA spokeswoman Lorie Dankers. “From uniformed staff to plain-clothes administrative personnel, everyone will be working.”
TSA and MSP expect to set passenger records on the Monday and Tuesday after Super Bowl, but airport officials are confident their team is up for the challenge.
“We have a solid plan in place to keep everyone safe, the operation running smoothly, and travelers' experience positive,” said MSP's Ryks.
Safe, smooth and fun
Safe and smooth is good, but MSP's Super Bowl welcome team is also offering fans of the Philadelphia Eagles and the New England Patriots some fun extras.
A 10-day “Performing Arts Spectacular” is underway, with a lineup of events featuring everything from Bollywood, hip-hop and flamenco dancers to vocal and drum performances. The airport's animal ambassadors will be out in full force. And giveaways in the terminals will include a series of Super Bowl/Winter-themed MSP buttons and foldable terminal maps with disposable hand warmers attached.
Several airlines, including Delta, Southwest, American and United, have added flights to MSP from Boston, Philadelphia and many other major hubs for Super Bowl ticket holders and last-minute planners heading to the Twin Cities to partake of Super Bowl festivities.
In addition to the extra flights, American Airlines, the official airline for the Philadelphia Eagles, is handing out Eagles rally towels to all passengers flying on from Philadelphia to Minneapolis-St. Paul through Sunday, Feb. 4.
And on Saturday and Sunday, United Airlines is serving “football favorites,” including hot dogs and macaroni salad, to customers visiting the carriers' lounges in its hub cities. United Club visitors in Boston, Philadelphia and Minneapolis will also find extra treats, including lobster roll and New England clam chowder in Boston; Tastykakes and a build-your-own hoagie bar in Philadelphia; and Captain Ken's Wagon Trail Chili (a Minnesota favorite) in Minneapolis.
Image copyright Reuters
Big Ben's famous chimes will fall silent until 2021 next week to allow essential repair works to take place.
The bongs will sound for the final time at midday on Monday before being disconnected to allow the clock and surrounding tower to be restored.
The Great Bell has sounded on the hour for 157 years.
It last fell silent in 2007 and before that, for major refurbishments between 1983 and 1985.
Parliamentary authorities said stopping Big Ben - the commonly used name for the Palace of Westminster's Elizabeth Tower - would protect workers carrying out the repairs.
It will still sound for important events including New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The clock's keeper, Steve Jaggs, said Big Ben falling silent was a "significant milestone" in the project to restore the tower.
"This essential programme of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis, as well as protecting and preserving its home - the Elizabeth Tower," he added.
Big Ben basics
Image copyright PA
Formally known as the Great Bell, it forms part of the Great Clock in the Elizabeth Tower - commonly known as Big Ben
It weighs 13.7 tonnes and stands 96 ft tall
Every hour it strikes an E note, and every 15 minutes four "quarter bells" chime
To stop the chimes, the striking hammers will be locked until 2021
The landmark Elizabeth Tower is said to be the most photographed building in the UK.
Scaffolding is up and work has already started to repair and redecorate the interior, improve health and safety and fire protection systems, and make it more energy efficient.
During the repair work, an electric motor will drive the clock hands until the main mechanism has been restored, so it will continue to tell the time.
However, the faces will need to be temporarily covered while the clock itself is undergoing maintenance.
The wider Parliamentary estate is also in need of repair, and a multi-billion pound programme involving MPs temporarily relocating has been put forward.
Cassie Aylward, Newstalk 580 CFRA
After 80 years Armstrong and Richardson is closing its doors.
The local shoe chain has filed for bankruptcy.
A notice has been posted at their outlet store on Baxter Road.
The company has mall locations at St. Laurent, Carlingwood, Billings Bridge, and Terry Fox Drive,.
Omar Armstrong and Clarence Richardson founded the store in 1934.
The gunman who randomly executed an elderly Cleveland resident in cold blood — and then posted footage of the killing to Facebook — was a self-described “monster” who tortured animals as a kid, a report says.
Steve Stephens, 37, reportedly took his anger out on his pet parakeet while growing up, as well as other creatures that his family owned throughout his childhood.
He ultimately shares an eerie similarity with serial killers, such as Jeffrey Dahmer and “Boston Strangler” Albert DeSalvo, who also abused their pets as youngsters.
“That kid was not normal as we as normal people know it from the beginning,” longtime neighbor Tony Henderson told The Daily Beast on Monday.
“He was in his early teens when the family moved in there, and I was in my late 20s, but I could see something wasn't right,” he said. “[Stephens] was smart, but some days he seemed OK with talking to people on the street, but on other days he was staring off into space with a blank face. He was very up and down.”
Henderson claimed he knew for sure that something was wrong with Stephens, mentally, after he watched him pummel his parakeet without remorse one day.
“He asked me to come in and see his pet bird, so I went in their house,” Henderson recalled. “He had a parakeet and he had that bird crawl from the cage and on to his finger. Then he slapped the bird as hard as he could with his other hand, and the bird was lying on the floor. The bird looked dead to me. I looked at him and his was smiling and laughing as he looked at me and that bird.”
Over the years, criminologists have found a distinct link between animal abuse and human violence.
Experts describe it as a “graduation effect,” in which troubled youths rehearse their killings on pets or other creatures before eventually working their way up to humans.
Before going on his cannibalistic murder spree, Dahmer reportedly slaughtered frogs, cats, and dogs — placing their heads on sticks and soaking their bones in acid.
DeSalvo, who murdered 13 women, was said to have shot several dogs and cats with a bow and arrow after trapping them inside wooden crates.
Notorious clown killer John Wayne Gacy reportedly tortured turkeys by throwing gasoline-filled balloons at them and setting them ablaze.
“Hey, animals don't make you weird like that,” Henderson said. “[Stephens] was that way before he got that bird. Heard he used to torture other pets he had. He was like that from the time I first met him.”
Stephens is wanted for aggravated murder following the broad daylight killing of Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old man he didn't even know.
SEE ALSO New clue emerges on Facebook killer's whereabouts 0:0 A ping from the cellphone of a behavioral health worker...
The senior had been walking around the neighborhood, collecting cans and minding his own business, when Stephens shot and killed him in an apparent attempt to get back at his ex-girlfriend.
“All my life…I've been a monster,” Stephens explained on Facebook Live, moments after posting the murder online.
“I got a lot of built-up anger and frustration,” he said.
Henderson told the Daily Beast that Stephens has been a loner most of his life, but didn't always seem crazy.
“I never quite understood that kid,” he said. “On some days he would talk to you, and then on others he would be mean and staring at you and very quiet…It's not like he was running around the street scaring old people when he was a teenager, but what he did on Easter Sunday doesn't surprise me.”
Cops were still on the hunt for Stephens as of 10 p.m. Monday. He is believed to be in Pennsylvania, or possibly another state.
Authorities are offering a $50,000 reward for any information leading to his arrest.
Related Video 0:32
What do you look for in a hotel room — close to the pool? Great view from the window?
Well, it turns out the most important thing is that it isn't on the ground or the top floor.
That's the opinion of Drew Dwyer, a Marine Corps veteran and former CIA agent.
With the number of terror attacks on tourists on the rise, Dwyer has shared a list of tips for how to travel safely when on holiday with Sofrep.com.
While some of them can seem a tad paranoid — like keeping the TV on a low volume at all times in case the room is bugged — some could actually save a life during an attack.
One of the most important tips was that guests should always request that their room is on neither the ground floor nor the top floor when booking a hotel.
Dwyer said: “The ground floor is readily accessible to intruders and the top floor does not allow any maneuvering room. The first or second floors allow access for most third world country emergency vehicles.”
Dwyer also advises that guests should request a copy of the fire escape plan, usually found on the backs of hotel room doors, as soon as they check in.
In case of the need for a quick exit, he also keeps an escape bag packed at all times.
He said: “Keep a small ‘bug-out bag' packed with must-have items (money, ID, passport, etc.) in the event of an emergency departure.”
Instability in the Middle East means terror attacks are likely to be commonplace in western countries for several years to come.
Many popular holiday destinations like France, Turkey and Egypt are classed as a high terror risk by the government.
However, it's important to know what to do if a terror incident happened, like the 2015 attack in Tunisia, when 30 Brits were among 38 holidaymakers killed in a rampage by a lone ISIS gunman at a beach hotel.
According to Randy Spivey, founder of the Center for Personal Protection and Safety, which runs courses like Active Shooter Response, Travel Safety and Security and Kidnap Survival, there are a few key actions to take that could make the difference between staying alive and ending up dead.
He said: “In the worst case scenario there are three rules to follow, whether you're in an airport, a café or a hotel — it's ‘get out, hide out, take out.'”
Here, he tells Sun Online how that motto applies if a terrorist comes into your hotel with a gun:
Get out
Spivey told Sun Online Travel: “If the terrorist is carrying a gun it'll be over pretty quickly, so you have to try and get outside fast.”
“Run outside and get to a sheltered location or if you are in a high rise building, your best option might be to run upstairs, to try and get to the roof. Just get as far away from the situation as you can.”
“Do it fast and trust your instinct. That might sound simple but many people just freeze when it happens to them.”
Hide out
Spivey says:”If you can't get out because violence is happening between you and the exit, then hide in a place where you barricade yourself in.”
“Get to somewhere like a bathroom or office closet, then block and lock the door and make it difficult to get inside.”
Take out
“The third option, if you are in a close confined area with no other choices, is to take out the person with a gun. At the shooting in an Orlando nightclub in 2016, there was just one guy walking around in a close confined area, shooting a lot of people.”
“In a close confined area, if you have five or six people on your side then try to come up behind that person with the gun, get them to the floor and control their hands.”
“The odds are in favor of the group if they act together, but they have to get that mental capacity to act together.”
While the three rules above are crucial for survival, Spivey says that the main issue people struggle with is freezing on the spot.
He said: “With normal people who have not had training, the normal response when an attack like this happens is to be startled, afraid and to reach out and hold onto to someone. This is the worst thing possible that you could do.”
“Also, only play dead as a very last resort– people might have survived that way in the past but it is not recommended.”
MOSCOW (AP) — A committee of the Russian parliament has recommended the adoption of a proposed law that would require journalists working for media outlets designated as foreign agents to register as agents themselves.
The measure, which the lower parliament's information committee recommended on Tuesday, follows a law adopted last year under which Russia can designate media outlets receiving foreign government funding as foreign agents.
Naming an outlet as a foreign agent does not block its work but casts aspersions on its credibility. Demanding that individual journalists register as agents could produce a chilling effect.
The proposed law "is the latest step in the Russian authorities' systematic policy towards obstructing the free flow of news," said Gulonoza Said of the Committee to Protect Journalists in a statement Tuesday.
The Halcyon, 9pm, ITV
A hotel in the 1940s… a dance band… Charity Wakefield as a high-class prostitute. Oh no, it's not another Stephen Poliakoff drama, not so soon after Close to the Enemy! Is it? No, The Halcyon is more brisk and certainly more engaging even though you'll feel you've seen it all before; it reeks of Downton Abbey and Mr Selfridge, with more than a sniff of Upstairs Downstairs.
It has a great cast, too, possibly better than the material deserves. There's Alex Jennings as Lord Hamilton, The Halcyon's owner, a man with a wandering eye, indeed a wandering everything (he's squiring brassy floozy Miss Lambert, played by Charity Wakefield); Olivia Williams as his sad, humiliated, brittle wife; and Steven Mackintosh as the hotel manager, the man who keeps the secrets. Meet the cast of The Halcyon and find out where you've seen them before with our handy guide.
Great British Railway Journeys, 6.30pm, BBC2
“I must have left King's Cross stations a thousand times before but never with these crowds… and never with this style,” says Michael Portillo, just a little smugly, as he settles into his seat on the restored Flying Scotsman.
On its early trips the steam locomotive stopped at York for a quick lunch break, and an even quicker comfort break at Newcastle. Not so on this journey (Portillo's served lunch and dinner on board in between chatting to fellow passengers) although the train's forced to stop to refill with water and to clear the track of reckless steam enthusiasts. It's a glorious, romantic reminder of a bygone era.
Silent Witness, 9pm, BBC1
After 20 series it's time the Silent Witness lab had a security guard on its front doors simply to stop distraught members of the public from bursting in to demand their relatives' bodies.
In the first of a two-part story a young woman insists that a severed finger Nikki is examining belongs to her mum. Quite how she knew her missing parent's digit is in the Lyell Centre is inexplicable - but that's Silent Witness for you. The ad hoc amputation is merely the very tip of a hideous iceberg of people smuggling involving a merciless gang of trafficking extortionists who take everything from Syrian refugees desperate for a better, safer life.
An Island Parish, 8.30pm, BBC2
For its 12th series, the BBC2 stalwart awards itself and us a winter getaway and takes us to the island of Anguilla in the Caribbean. “This paradise is extremely fragile,” rumbles sonorous Bishop Errol Brooks, and though he doesn't enlarge on why we gather that the island, though idyllic, has few natural resources – water is scarce and the soil poor – while tourism puts a strain on its systems.
Among the bishop's flock we meet Anna (originally from Cornwall), who looks after the gardens at one of several luxury resort hotels. When her manicured grass goes yellow in the heat, we see how she keeps up appearances – by spraying it with green paint.
!mpossible, 2.10pm, BBC1
Rick Edwards hosts a decent new spin on multiple-choice quizzing. As well as a right and wrong answer, there's an impossible one. If any of the 30 contestants give it, they're instantly eliminated. So for instance, answering “Rising Damp” to a question that begins “Which BBC1 sitcom…” would be death, because it wasn't a BBC1 sitcom.
There are some clever variations on that theme as the competition progresses towards a daily cash prize and a tilt at the jackpot, which is £10,000, all in pound coins that are apparently primed to cascade into the studio. That might happen soon if this first episode is any guide: most RT readers will get the final question right straight away.
The Undateables, 9pm, Channel 4
Not much could warm a cold January heart more than the return of this dating series, in which the hopefuls all have a condition that makes them doubt they can ever find love. What we see is that their concerns about rejection and incompatibility are the same as anyone who opens themselves up to appraisal by a stranger – although their bravery in letting a million extra strangers at home watch them is greater than your average dating show participant.
In this episode we meet Sam, who has Asperger's; Ian, whose diminishing vision means he wants to meet the love of his life quickly; and Kate, who says, “Funny is kind of important – I like guys that make me laugh”. Kate insists on this despite living with cataplexy: if she laughs too hard, she collapses.
First Dates Hotel, 10pm, Channel 4
Blind dates are nightmarish enough, but in this First Dates spin-off, these singletons' suitcases must be rammed with valium. Not only do they have to travel to rural France, they then stay in the same hotel and decide whether to have another date the next day.
French maître d' Fred is in his element, leaping around with baguettes, and sommelier Xavier says wonderfully French things like, “fine wine is a little bit like to be in love". Fashion model Kelly is searching for a man who'll pass muster with her dad, while street cleaner Bruce has been widowed for seven years and is determined to live life to the full and personal trainer Joey wants to find his first-ever boyfriend - who must have sticky-out ears.
Britain's Ancient Capital: Secrets of Orkney, 9pm, BBC2
If you think of Stone Age Britain, your first instinct would probably be to consider the area around Stonehenge as being at the heart of our neolithic life. But recent work being done on a hugely important site at the Ness of Brodgar in Orkney is making historians think again. And in a multidisciplinary new series, BBC2 is sending Neil Oliver, Chris Packham and a veritable passel of archaeologists and engineers over the stormy waters of the Pentland Firth to explore and tell us more.
From the DNA of voles to sea stacks via sophisticated stone monuments – and an unexpected use of seaweed – we're getting an entirely fresh picture of the ancient Orcadians and how they created a culture that spread to the rest of Britain.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:59 Trump calls out KKK, neo-Nazis in condemning Charlottesville violence Pause 2:24 White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence 0:28 Southern edge of eclipse path could be off by the length of a football field or up to a half-mile 0:45 Car rams into crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Va. 0:38 Documentary on eclipse explains importance of location for downtown KC, on the edge of totality 2:02 Macon police officers take Bibb sheriff's oath in 2013 0:26 Free on bond, Whitby defers comment to lawyer 2:01 Jason Aldean performs "When She Says Baby" in Macon 1:07 Police spokeswoman gives details on suspected home invasion homicide 2:01 Unidentified: Crash leads to grisly discovery Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email President Trump calls out the KKK, neo-Nazis and other hate groups in condemning Saturday's violence in Charlottesville. The White House
President Trump calls out the KKK, neo-Nazis and other hate groups in condemning Saturday's violence in Charlottesville. The White House
MENLO PARK, Calif. (AP) - YouTube says it has started flagging videos provided by news outlets that receive government backing. The move is part of a commitment that its parent company, Google, made last year when it was hauled before congressional investigators looking into Russian tampering with the U.S. electorate.
In particular, Google faced numerous questions about RT. The service formerly known as Russia Today used to be a preferred partner, giving it preferential access to advertising even though it is funded by the Russian government. Russian operatives generated thousands of Twitter accounts and lured Facebook users to pages that were purported to represent regular Americans.
In the U.S., these new notices will appear right below the video in question. Some RT videos posted to YouTube Friday had not been flagged.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Morgan Escare crowned his much-anticipated comeback with a sizzling try as Wigan made an impressive start to the new season.
The Warriors held a slender 10-6 lead early in the second-half when Frenchman Escare - playing his first competitive game since May - finished a sweeping left-side attack.
And Salford wilted from that point, as Shaun Wane's side scored a further 24-points including an impressive double from winger Liam Marshall, before Niall Evalds grabbed a late consolation.
Sam Tomkins, heavily-involved in the second-half carve-up, finished with six goals from seven attempts.
Wigan fly out to Australia tomorrow lunchtime for an historic Super League match against Hull FC and an exhibition game South Sydney in New South Wales.
And they will be able to reflect on a largely-encouraging first outing of the campaign.
Sure, they were scratchy at times, but they improved as the game unfolded, their error-count was low and they played with pace and panache, particularly during a dominant second-half.
Sam Tomkins again played a flexible role, starting at full-back and moving to half-back during the game when hooker Thomas Leuluai was rested around the half-hour mark - a switch which nudged Sam Powell from No.7 to dummy-half.
The ploy worked well, allowing fit-again Frenchman Escare to come off the bench to inject some pace and energy into proceedings.
By that point, Wigan held a 10-6 lead - Tom Davies and Oliver Gildart crossing, following Kris Welham's opener.
And while they were unable to cross before half-time, they soon cut loose to delight the strong travelling following at a freezing AJ Bell Stadium.
Australian prop Gabriel Hamlin had to wait for his first Wigan appearance, while Dan Sarginson made a ‘second debut'.
Salford, now under the ownership of a supporters' Trust, were without Mark Flanagan, Logan Tomkins and Kiwi winger Manu Vatuvei.
Ex-Warrior Lee Mossop led them out, with Sam Tomkins the skipper for the visitors in the absence of Sean O'Loughlin.
Joe Burgess (hip) and John Bateman (finger) also missed out, but are expected to be in contention for next weekend.
Marshall started on the left wing in place of Burgess, and was inches away from giving his side a dream start when he flapped at Sam Tomkins' angled kick.
Salford countered well, sweeping down field far too easily to take a third-minute lead when Welham collected a grubber from Gareth O'Brien, who tagged on the extras.
Salford ran some good patterns and with Robert Lui pulling the strings, they tested the visitors' defence, and Wigan's left side put the blanket on two of their attacks.
Davies, who again ran strong, opened their account in the 12th minute when he squeezed over in the corner from Sarginson's pass - moments after being crunched by a thunderous Junior Sa'u tackle.
Tomkins was unable to add the difficult conversion, but struck his first goal of the year in the 18th minute after Gildart had collected George Williams' perfectly-placed drilled kick.
Wigan slackened off before the break, even after George Griffin has been sinbinned for a dangerous tackle, but Wane's words at half-time revived their display.
Escare - back from a serious knee injury - finished off a wonderful try involving WIlliams, Gildart and Marshall.
Sarginson was guilty of wasting two half-chances, but they soon tightened their grip on the contest.
Williams attacked the line, offloaded to Sam Tomkins, who quickly threaded a kick into the ingoal for the alert Marshall to ground. Tomkins' conversion made it 22-6.
Marshall scored an impressive second soon later, chipping the ball on before Evalds could defuse Williams' kick, and regathering to score. And he turned provider moments later to send Gildart arcing over, Tomkins striking both goals to make it 34-6.
They maintained their dominance as Tony Clubb skittled the Red Devils' defence on a surging drive to cross for a converted try. Evalds' late consolation did little to dampen the mood of the travelling fans.
Salford: Evalds; Bibby, Welham, Sa'u, Johnson; Lui, O'Brien; Mossop, Wood, Tasi, Jones, Hauraki, McCarthy. Subs: Burgess, Griffin, Littlejohn, Kopczak.
Wigan: S Tomkins; Davies, Sarginson, Gildart, Marshall; Williams, Powell; Flower, Leuluai, Clubb, J Tomkins, Farrell, Sutton. Subs: Escare, Isa, Tautai, Nuuausala.
Referee: Robert Hicks
Half-time: 6-10
Starman: Sam Tomkins
For all intents and purposes, despite having a dozen games left on the schedule, this was a must-win game for the Panthers against the lowly Montreal Canadiens.
The Panthers have reached the point in the season in which they can't afford to drop any precious points, and Florida took full advantage of its opportunity to inch closer to a playoff spot with a 2-0 victory on Monday night.
Roberto Luongo made 28 saves to earn his third shutout of the season. It was the third time in a row the Panthers shut out the Canadiens this season.
Thanks to the win, the Panthers now sit just three points behind New Jersey Devils for the final wild-card spot, with two games in hand.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
It was a slow start for both teams at the Bell Centre, until alternate captain Aaron Ekblad brought everyone out of their seats by fighting Canadiens tough man Nicolas Deslauriers.
The animosity continued shortly thereafter, as Michael McCarron got the best of Panthers defenseman Alexander Petrovic, dropping him with a right hook that sent the hulking defenseman back to the locker room for some repairs.
With just 1:29 left in the first period Ekblad was again the center of attention, but this time it was due to his goal-scoring prowess rather than his fists.
He put together a fantastic individual effort to open the scoring by stealing the puck in a high-danger area and proceeding to dangle around Jeff Petry, before scoring a beautiful backhand goal against former Panthers goalie Antti Niemi.
In the third period, Sasha Barkov finally gave the Panthers the insurance they needed, scoring his 26th goal of the season.
The Panthers' crucial three-game road trip continues Tuesday, as they face the Ottawa Senators at Scotiabank Place, ending with a game on Thursday against the Columbus Blue Jackets before they back head home to face the Arizona Coyotes on Saturday.
Greene King is recruiting for more than 300 apprenticeship places, hoping to attract school leavers who this week receive their A-level results.
The Bury St Edmunds based brewery, which is aiming to provide 10,000 apprenticeships over three years, is offering opportunities to young people over the age of 16 with more roles going live during the summer.
The scheme offers young people the channce of on the job training in a wide range of roles from chefs, bar staff and front of house, combining workplace training and classrooim learning to gain industry leading qualifications and build long-term careers in hospitality.
Since 2011 when the programme launched more than 9,000 people have taken part in the scheme.
Graham Briggs, apprenticeship manager at Greene King, said: “We are particularly proud of our apprenticeship programme and the number of young people that it has helped to realise their ambitions of a rewarding career. As a leading business in the UK's hospitality sector we're also delighted that, through our scheme, we're able to create a sustainable pipeline of skills for the future, ensuring that the industry continues to contribute to the UK's economy and employment.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Democracy imperiled
Editor: When any issue arises that portrays President Trump in even the slightest negative light he decries it as “fake news.”
However, according FactCheck.org, a nonpartisan group, Trump has made more than 3,000 false statements and lies since taking office. Trump's statements prove the adage “Repeat a lie often enough and it becomes the truth.”
The Founding Fathers intentionally put freedom of the press in the First Amendment to the Constitution. Now, Trump berates and mocks the press because he wants to answer to no one. He praises despots and murderers like North Korea dictator Kim Jong-un and Russian President Vladimir Putin but embarrasses our closest allies like Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada. Does Trump want to be a dictator? The answer seems obvious.
The despicable separation of children from their parents at the border as part of a zero-tolerance immigration policy shows that Trump lacks empathy. Only a heartless human would separate children from their parents.
Trump steadfastly supported former Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, who was accused of sexual misconduct. He denigrated an American simply because he was of Mexican heritage and bragged about grabbing women on the “Access Hollywood” tape, all of which proves his moral character is in the swamp. Trump's bogus claim that he is going to make America great again is a bad joke played on the American people. In fact, Trump has made America worse. The only thing Trump wants to make great is himself.
Since its founding, America has had a true moral compass. The world looked to the United States to stand for human rights and defend against tyranny. With Trump as president, we are viewed with derision across the world.
Trump has only one goal and that is to make himself dictator and he is tearing at the fabric of our democracy.
DAVE DUDZINSKI
DUPONT
Helplessness aided
Editor: In his response to my letter (“Calamity in Gaza feeds terrorism,” June 13), Seth Gross invokes the spurious “human shields” talking point to justify the Israeli military's wounding of thousands and killing of scores of unarmed civilian demonstrators, including children, reporters and most shamefully, volunteer medical workers.
The same canard was trotted out during the last Gaza assault, Operation Protective Shield, when more than 2,0000 people, mostly civilians, were killed, including the incredible, shocking killing by an Israeli warship of four cousins ages 9 to 11 playing a game of soccer on the beach on a sunny afternoon.
The reward for a courageous NBC reporter of that human tragedy was to be pulled from Gaza before he was returned after complaints.
No evidence in reports of Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, or the U.N. Goldstone Report mentions Palestinians using human shields. These justifications, like the talking point that “Israel has to defend itself,” are part and parcel of the polished image Israel presents to world via its finely tuned propaganda culture. The real purpose of the siege and the serial assaults is to humiliate and intimidate the Palestinians into a state of learned helplessness and to send the message that resistance and any hope for sovereignty in a Palestinian state or equality in a democratic state is futile.
DOMINIC SAADI
SCRANTON
Alcohol vigilance
Editor: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recently reported underage drinking among high school students has dropped to a new historic low, declining by 41 percent since the survey began in 1991.
Additionally, the percentage of teens who reported driving when they had been drinking or riding with a driver who had been drinking also continues to decline.
While these are very positive trends, parents must remain vigilant against underage drinking, especially during the summer. Research shows that most young people who drink obtain alcohol from their home or from adults. Be aware of your teen's activity both inside and outside of the home and make clear that you disapprove of underage drinking.
Importantly, strive to maintain an open dialogue with your son or daughter. While parents often think their teens do not listen to them, research also shows parents have the greatest influence over their decision regarding alcohol consumption.
SAM ZAKHARI
DISTILLED SPIRITS COUNCIL,
WASHINGTON, D.C.
Set base milk price
Editor: Members of the U.S. Senate may support a $20 floor price for 100 pounds of milk.
The price of milk for May's was $16.14, which illustrates that something must be done to improve dairy prices. Dairy farmers are very important. We must urge support for efforts to get a $20 floor price. The $20 price would create a higher blend price for all dairy farmers.
This price would vary — as it does today — depending on the level of the differential in the order in which milk is marketed.
When this battle is over, then we must proceed and obtain milk hearings for all dairy farmers.
ARDEN TEWKSBURY
MESHOPPEN,
WYOMING COUNTY
Bias comes through
Editor: The June 26 editorial, “Service, but without smile,” was correct in admitting that a Virginia restaurant owner was wrong in denying service to President Trump's press secretary Sarah Sanders.
Then it added that “the request to leave did not violate Sanders's rights because any business can ask any person to leave because of their conduct” What conduct, may I ask? Is it the fact that she has the temerity to work for Trump?
Your readers have the right to know. Your bias is evident, even when your editorial opinion is correct.
JOHN R. KALAFUT
SCRANTON
TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE PHOTO ILLUSTRATION
Image copyright Family picture Image caption Steven Colwell was shot dead by police in April 2006
A judge is to consider whether he can demand the medical notes and records of a witness, a former PSNI officer, in an inquest into a police shooting.
He will also request further information from the witness's GP.
Judge Neil Rafferty QC is sitting as coroner at the inquest into the death of Belfast man Stephen Colwell, 23.
Mr Colwell was shot dead after he failed to stop at a checkpoint in Ballynahinch, County Down, in April 2006.
Four young men and two young women were in the silver BMW, which had been stolen earlier that morning during a burglary in Downpatrick.
'To some extent bewildered'
Judge Rafferty said he is "to some extent bewildered" at the actions of the witness, known as "Officer O", the police officer who fired the fatal shots.
Officer O has claimed the car was driving straight towards him when he fired twice.
Image caption Mr Colwell was driving a stolen car when he was shot in Ballynahinch
After beginning his evidence at the inquest this April, Officer O's testimony was suspended due to ill health.
He was given time to obtain treatment, but the court heard he has not done so, and had indicated he would not do so.
On Wednesday, a letter about his condition was presented to the court.
'Far from satisfactory'
Judge Rafferty said that three and a half months later "I am now no further on in knowing when Officer O will, if ever, resume giving evidence".
A barrister for Officer O agreed the situation was "far from satisfactory" and told the court: "He is keen to get treatment, he needs treatment, he is keen to return and give evidence."
But that was challenged by a barrister for Mr Colwell's family, who said she was concerned that Officer O has avoided a situation where his account of the shots will be tested.
"This is a witness who's relying on his medical condition in order to avoid the reach of the court," she said.
Referring to the letter, she added that Officer O was now saying he was keen to get treatment "but only if you basically consent to conditions which I impose".
Judge Rafferty indicated he will request a report from a doctor who has assessed Officer O's condition, and can indicate a possible timescale for his treatment and recovery.
He will also assess whether he can legally demand access to Officer O's medical notes and records, if necessary.
The inquest continues.
