The internet-breaking photo is the work of New York- and Los Angeles-based artist Awol Erizku.
If you've ever called 911 to report an emergency, thank the Johnson Crime Commission. Establishing a national emergency number was just one of more than 200 recommendations the Commission offered up in a landmark 1967 report "for a safer and more just society."
Two years earlier, President Lyndon Johnson had appointed lawyers, educators, law enforcement officers, social workers and others – 19 members in all — to the group officially called the President's Commission on Law Enforcement and Administration of Justice. The 1960s was a turbulent decade, and crime had been a major concern. Johnson told the group he was spearheading a new "war on crime," and he wanted them to be revolutionary in their recommendations. Over 18 months, the Crime Commission, including 63 staffers and hundreds of consultants and advisers, collected data and studied everything from juvenile delinquency to organized crime.
The final report, "The Challenge of Crime in a Free Society," called for sweeping changes in policing, the courts and corrections. President Johnson said it was "the most comprehensive and detailed program for meeting the challenge of crime ever proposed in this country."
Carnegie Mellon Professor Alfred Blumstein, widely recognized now for his research on criminal justice and violence, was one of the original staff members of the Johnson Crime Commission. At the time, he didn't think of the report as a revolution, "but one thing that did come out of it was a movement toward thinking of the criminal justice system as a system," Blumstein says. As the Crime Commission's director of technology, Blumstein and his group developed a flowchart, often used in criminology text books, that provided a visual take on how the courts, police and corrections interact.
Sheldon Krantz was also on the commission staff. Now a visiting professor of Law at Georgetown University, he was assigned to work on the Commission's Police Task Force during a time when brutal police clashes with residents sometimes played out in full view during race riots across the country.
"I think it's fair to say in the '60s, police in America were in a somewhat primitive state, there was limited training, a lack of education, a lack of diversity," Krantz says.
The Commission concluded that to achieve more effective and fairer law enforcement, especially with the poor, minority groups and juveniles, there had to be a radical revision of police personnel practices. It also defined that the federal government's role in policing should be in providing grants to local and state law enforcement and developing community oriented policing that focused on police and residents working together to fight crime. Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson says that push for ongoing training for police departments is one of the legacies of the crime report.
"We can always get better and be better," Johnson says.
The Johnson Commission concluded that seven objectives, including setting aside more money for basic research and devising different ways to deal with offenders, could help significantly reduce crime. Although many of the recommendations were wishful thinking, they did inspire changes beyond the 911 system. Here are just a few examples:
1. The Commission said there was no reliable research about crime, so it collected data on an unprecedented scale.
Legacy: The creation of the first national Crime Victimization Survey. Today, the Bureau of Justice Statistics samples households every year to collect information about crimes that are both reported and not reported to police.
2. The Commission called for improved training and professionalization for law enforcement
Legacy: Many police departments, especially in large cities, have training departments.
3. The Commission recognized and said there must be ways to lessen the tension between police and communities
Legacy: The development of the Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) program
4. The Commission recommended that Congress creates a new office in the Justice Department devoted to assisting state and local law enforcement departments
Legacy: The creation of the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration, the federal agency provides federal funds to state and local law enforcement for local crime initiatives and education
Although, the Johnson Report focused on actions government could take, the Commission stated that controlling crime was the business of every American and American institution. It called for taking steps beyond cooperating with police or accepting jury duty and declared that citizens must respect the law, refuse to cut corners and reject the cynical argument that "anything goes as long as you don't get caught."
Laurie Robinson, a co-chairperson of President Obama's White House Task Force on 21st century policing, says the Johnson Crime commission report was a guidepost for her group in a number of areas.
"We looked at the Johnson's Commission work on technology and of course we zeroed in on areas like body-worn cameras."
Now a criminologist at George Mason University, Robinson says the hallmark of the Johnson Crime Commission is that it spelled out new expectations for police, the courts, corrections and other players in the criminal justice system. She says that hadn't been done before on such a scale.
"The Johnson Crime Commission is really the most influential study of crime justice that has ever been undertaken in the United States," Robinson says.
Robinson and other legal scholars, including Stanley Krantz and Alfred Blumstein, will gather in a symposium in October to discuss the 50th anniversary of the "Challenge of Crime" report. There's also a bipartisan push in Congress to establish a new National Commission to, once again, review the country's criminal justice system from top to bottom.
Image copyright @dover-seagull Image caption Traffic queues at the port of Dover in 2016
Exam results are out next week and there is a decidedly back-to-school feel about the papers the government is publishing this week on Brexit.
Theresa May is back from her holidays and the cabinet is keen to show that it has been hard at work in her absence, not fighting with each other at all.
I will leave it to my political colleagues to assess the substance and significance of Liam Fox and Phillip Hammond shaking hands in front of the whole class, and confine my efforts to marking their Brexit homework.
The first paper they have submitted is on the customs union. This is a special club for EU members that allows them to move goods in and out of each other's countries without having to show special ID or empty their pockets (or trucks) at the door.
Containers roll on and roll off at both ends with zero hassle.
Many businesses and port authorities are worried that leaving the club will mean people are stopped at the border and that these delays will cause long backlogs, interrupt supply chains, increase costs and deter trade.
As the head of the port of Dover has put it: "If we don't get this right, we could face Operation Stack every day in perpetuity."
The answers to these customs questions are therefore important.
Are we leaving the customs union?
Yes and no.
The government document is very clear that the UK will leave the customs union at the end of March 2019. The UK will then seek to agree an "interim period".
So what will that look like? There is a big clue in today's paper.
The government is promising that businesses will only have to adjust once to our eventual customs relationship with the EU.
Image copyright PA Image caption Lorries pack the M20 motorway in Kent during Operation Stack in 2015
That must mean that the day after we leave the EU, and enter the interim period, there will be no change.
So we are out of the customs union, but everything will pretty much stay the same until the interim period is over.
The only difference is that because we are technically out of the customs union, we will be able to negotiate our own trade deals with non-EU countries, while enjoying the benefits of frictionless trade we have now.
This approach will look to many like the "having our cake and eating it" that Boris Johnson was so keen on - and EU officials weren't.
How long will this interim period last?
The cabinet now seems united that this interim period is finite.
The time limit appears to be the next election in 2022.
So what happens then? There are two answers.
First answer: a brand new "streamlined" customs border with the EU.
Some combination of technology, negotiation, unilateral rule changes would make for a whizzy low-friction border.
Many will say that even if this new system works, it will find it hard to beat what we have now.
Others will say that a tiny bit of extra work at the border is a price worth paying for freedom to cut new trade deals.
Second answer: a new partnership based on a "shared approach" that would remove the need for a customs border altogether.
That option has most experts scratching their heads.
Whatever it is, it does not exist between the EU and anyone else right now (with the possible exception in a limited way of Turkey), and so is hard to analyse.
Show of unity
Overall, what we learn from this document is that the government wants to leave the customs union, while leaving border arrangements identical for up to five years from now.
After March 2019, it hopes to negotiate new trade deals, and there is nothing in reality to stop Liam Fox warming relations with prospective partners right now.
What is still hard to see is how substantive those negotiations with third parties can really be when we, and they, still have no idea what our future relationship will be with the EU.
The government is clearly trying to show the UK and the EU that it is getting its act together with these papers and I'm told this show of unity and effort will be welcomed by business.
But it's worth remembering Liam Fox has always been clear that, in his mind at least, an interim agreement means a period of time to adjust from A to B - where B is known and understood by both parties. It is NOT an extra three years to figure out where B might be.
The time available to define B - namely, the wider issues such as the financial settlement, trade, tariffs, immigration and rights of EU citizens in the UK and vice versa - continues to tick down.
This report will help you to uncover opportunities and understand the key issues affecting your market. How? By giving you instant access to analysis and critical recommendations. It will also challenge routine thinking by providing fresh, new perspectives that energize your thought processes.
Mintel research sources can include exclusive consumer data, brand/company research and insights from key trade members. This means that we provide you with the complete picture and robust information you need to make the decisions to drive your business forward.
To subscribe to Mintel events, please email bigconversations@mintel.com.
The doctors, nurses and patients at Boston Children's Hospital got together to make a wonderful video to wish the New England Patriots good luck against the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl 52.
They thank the Patriots for everything they do for kids, for visiting the hospital and for giving them hope.
The Super Bowl is on Sunday and starts airing at 6:30 p.m. ET on NBC.
(Thanks to Patriots.com for sharing.)
OXON HILL, Md. — For 15 years, the Rev. Brian Sietsema sat quietly next to Scripps National Spelling Bee pronouncer Jacques Bailly, just in case the indefatigable Bailly was somehow unable to fulfil his duties.
Bailly never missed a word.
But this year, the bee nearly doubled in size thanks to a new wild-card program, and Bailly knew he could wreck his voice if he didn't take some breaks over three full days of spelling.
“I could run myself into the ground doing this, because I just love doing it,” Bailly said. “I don't really want to take a break, but … I've got to do some pacing.”
That meant Sietsema, the bee's longtime associate pronouncer, handled Bailly's duties Wednesday for two of the five groups of spellers — about 180 kids total.
“It was very exciting,” Sietsema said. “It was a thrill.”
Sietsema, a Greek Orthodox priest from Lansing, Michigan, cuts a striking figure among bee officials with his dark suit and white collar. Despite his religious vocation, he has a resume that suits the bee. A former linguistics professor, he worked for years as the pronunciation editor for Merriam-Webster.
Like Bailly, a classics professor and a former Scripps bee champion, Sietsema derives tremendous satisfaction from working with young spellers.
“It's wonderful to be part of a program that rewards young people who focus on scholastic and educational endeavours,” Sietsema said. “To see their enthusiasm about literacy, about linguistics, just feeds my soul in a way that I can't quite describe.”
More than 500 spellers tested their skill in front of Bailly and Sietsema over two days of preliminary rounds with no more than 50 finalists to be announced later Wednesday.
Here are some other stories from spellers at this year's bee:
STRETCHED THIN
Some spellers devote years to studying the dictionary, word roots and language patterns. Then there's Rebekah Zeigler.
The 13-year-old from Polo, Illinois, is certainly an accomplished speller. She's competing for the fourth time, although she's never made the finals.
That may be because she also competes in tumbling, volleyball, soccer, softball, basketball, cheerleading and track and field. Next month she'll be at the U.S. Trampoline and Tumbling Association national championships.
“I don't have a lot of free time,” Rebekah said.
Added her mother, Alissa Zeigler: “She's the most expensive child. The gas money alone.”
Rebekah got some of the loudest cheers in the preliminary rounds, mostly from a crew of fellow veteran spellers.
Rebekah had never gotten past the second round of onstage spelling, known as Round 3, because a written test constitutes the first round. But she spelled “yarrow” correctly and achieved her goal for the week.
“I just have a really nice sense of accomplishment,” she said. “I was really nervous and dreading it all week.”
Rebekah could return to the bee for a fifth time next year — if she's able to hold off her younger brother, who came on strong in this year's regional bee.
UNUSUAL REPRIEVE
Reagan Remmers of Missoula, Montana, was heading out to lunch with her mom after she misspelled “balaclava.”
Or so she thought.
“My mom got a phone call that told her I was reinstated,” Reagan said. “I was like, ‘Oh, sweet!”‘
Turns out, the spelling Reagan gave — “Balaklava” — is a city in Ukraine. Since the judges didn't warn her that her word had a homonym and because Reagan didn't ask for the definition — a garment covering the head and neck except for parts of the face — her spelling was deemed correct after further review.
“I had no idea what the word meant,” Reagan said. “It didn't occur to me to ask for a definition.”
Still, her spelling wasn't a complete guess. She asked for the language of origin and was told it was Crimean, which led her to include a “k” instead of a “c.”
This was just the fifth time in 20 years that a speller was reinstated after judges had determined he or she misspelled a word, bee director Paige Kimble said.
DEAD AIR
Considering how far he had to travel to get to the bee, Daniel Doudna can be forgiven for taking his time at the microphone.
Daniel lives in Fairbanks, Alaska, one of three spellers from the state. But the 4,100-mile (6,600-kilometre) trip to Washington is nothing new for the 14-year-old: This is his second time in the bee, and two of his older sisters also competed.
When Daniel starts spelling, he's more deliberate than most, pausing after each letter and letting silence hang in the air. His word on Wednesday was “quietude,” and he created some.
It's a technique Daniel has developed over years of competing.
“I made too many mistakes by going fast,” he said. “After each letter, I mentally review the word to see what the next letter is.”
——
Follow Ben Nuckols on Twitter at https://twitter.com/APBenNuckols
Watch the 2018-2019 Premier League season LIVE on beIN SPORTS
Grant, 35, is expected to serve as United's number three behind David de Gea and Sergio Romero after agreeing a two-year contract.
United sold Sam Johnstone to West Brom in a deal worth around £6.5m earlier on Tuesday, while Portugal youth international Joel Pereira is set to be loaned out for the 2018-19 season.
"Moving to Manchester United has been a dream of mine for as long as I can remember," Grant told his new club's website after United and Stoke confirmed the deal.
"This was an opportunity that I couldn't let pass and I'm thrilled to become a part of such a historic club.
"I've enjoyed every moment of my career so far and I'm now ready to continue learning and improving alongside some of the best players in the game. But at the same time, I intend to use my experience to help the team whenever possible.
"I want to say a huge thank you to those close to me who have supported me along my journey so far. I'm looking forward to meeting my team-mates and giving everything possible for the club in the upcoming season."
Former Derby County, Sheffield Wednesday and Burnley keeper Grant spent two seasons with Stoke and was named their Player of the Year in 2016-17, when he stepped in for the injured Jack Butland.
In a statement, Stoke said: "The club would like to place on record our thanks to Lee and wish him all the best for the future."
School officials put on leave over autistic boy who wandered off, drowned A 14-year-old autistic boy who wandered away from his New York school and apparently drowned was marked as being in class by three school employees even though surveillance video shows...
One small step for science — but apology would be nice, too Rep. Carolyn Maloney has finally seen the light about vaccines — sort of. The Upper East Side/Queens congresswoman for years bought into the myth that vaccines can cause autism. So...
Maloney backs away from questioning if vaccines cause autism A veteran congresswoman on Sunday backed away from her years of championing a discredited movement that claims vaccines cause autism. A campaign spokesman for Rep. Carolyn Maloney said the congresswoman...
Junk science lands dad in jail over claims he raped his autistic son A Miami dad was jailed over allegations he molested his non-verbal autistic son — after the child's teacher reportedly used dubious methods to elicit the claims from the 7-year-old. Jose...
Mom who starved autistic son to death pleads guilty HARTFORD, Conn. — A Connecticut woman has pleaded guilty to manslaughter in the death of her disabled 17-year-old son, who weighed just 84 pounds when he died last year. Katiria...
Mom accused of feeding child bleach to cure autism An Indianapolis mom is accused of forcing her child to down bleach to cure her autism, police said. The father reported to authorities that his 28-year-old wife was placing drops...
Special needs teacher fired over fundraising efforts sues city When it comes to the Department of Education, raising money for disabled students can get you fired faster than manhandling them. A Staten Island teacher claims she was abruptly canned...
Transit bandit's lawyer only cares about movie deal: prosecutors The lawyer for New York's notorious transit bandit talked her client out of sweetheart plea deals so she could make more money off a movie deal about his decades-long habit...
Woman left autistic boy during Bingo to freeze in truck: cops BAKER, La. — Police say a Louisiana woman left an autistic child in a truck with the engine off in cold weather while playing bingo. The Advocate reports a Baker...
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Charging documents have provided additional details about suspects who allegedly injured a Southport police officer with a car outside IU Health Methodist Hospital.
Brandon Hayworth, 33, faces felony charges that include battery with a deadly weapon, battery resulting in bodily injury to a public safety officer and resisting law enforcement.
Christopher Thompson, 29, faces a misdemeanor charge of resisting law enforcement.
According to charging documents, a woman at the scene explained to Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department officers that she'd arranged to meet Hayworth and Thompson in the parking lot of the hospital on Aug. 9 because she believed they were the same people who had stolen her cellphone on Aug. 5 under the guise of purchasing it. Both meetings were arranged through an app called Letgo, used to buy and sell items.
The theft victim notified hospital security on the morning of Aug. 9 that she was expecting the suspects to come to the parking lot for the phony cellphone sale. When the red Buick driven by Hayworth, with Thompson as the passenger, drove into the parking lot, IU Methodist officers, including Southport Officer Paul McGann, approached the car to investigate. That's when, according to multiple witnesses, Hayworth hit the gas, striking McGann. Witnesses told police that they heard a gunshot at the same time that the car took off.
The suspects drove away from the scene, but according to the theft victim, Hayworth and Thompson contacted her again to purchase the phone from another location, not realizing she'd been involved in the scene at the hospital. She agreed on an area near 46th Street and Arlington Avenue and notified police.
When IMPD officers attempted to pull over the vehicle in that area, Hayworth and Thompson jumped out of car and ran. Police found Hayworth in a shed and found Thompson down the street. Both suspects were taken to Eskenazi for minor injuries.
A search of the vehicle uncovered a spent bullet, which had partially shattered the windshield, and three cellphones.
When questioned, both Hayworth and Thompson admitted to having fled because they knew there were open warrants out against each of them. Hayworth also told police he'd been driving Thompson to various locations to steal phones from people he contacted using a fake app profile.
When asked about striking McGann, Hayworth denied any knowledge of it occurring. When detectives asked whether it was reasonable to assume someone standing right in front of a car would be struck by the car if it sped away, he admitted, “He probably could have been hit.”
McGann suffered neck and knee pain not considered life-threatening.
On the day of the incident, Officer Jim Gillespie with IMPD made the following statement: “We're going to continue to come out no matter what because we're here to serve and protect the community. No one is going harass us or try to scare us into not doing our job. We're going to be here for the community in Indianapolis and Southport for as long as they need us.”
Hayworth and Thompson remain in the Marion County Jail. An initial hearing took place Monday, and a pretrial conference is scheduled for Oct. 11.
It's the little things Porzingis does that drop Bernard King's jaw Bernard King sat on the Garden's celebrity row Tuesday, when the Knicks hosted Charlotte, and said he's never seen anything like it. One of many, King is in awe of...
Bill Cartwright: Cut the triangle talk, defense is Knicks' problem Bill Cartwright, who won three championships playing for Phil Jackson in Chicago, cannot understand all the talk about the Knicks and the triangle offense. Cartwright said he believes the focus...
Knicks will celebrate their 1984 underdog playoff heroes The Knicks will celebrate “1984” — not the George Orwell classic but a classic squad that made great Garden memories. As part of the 70th anniversary celebration on March 29,The...
Dolan trots out Latrell Sprewell and many ex-Knicks in Oakley cover Knicks owner James Dolan should invite Latrell Sprewell to every game. In an attempt to show his strong relationships with Knicks alumni in the wake of the Charles Oakley ban,...
The legends, feuds and fights that make Knicks-Nets matter There were times when the Knicks playing the Nets generated real excitement in the city. Knick fans flooded Nets home arenas to cheer their team. Net fans watched road games...
Mets will judge Matt Harvey beyond his innings number Matt Harvey's “abbreviated” start on Sunday for the Mets will be fluid in nature. According to general manager Sandy Alderson, the team will take into account factors other than innings...
The all-time Knicks team would be incredible It is the stuff of not just New York but NBA legend. Willis Reed limped out on the Garden floor, the Lakers stared in amazement. Reed hit his first two...
Kareem, Cousy and the all-time NYC basketball team New York City produces some of the best basketball players in the world, with a style that's both recognizable and hard to pin down. The Post has crafted the all-time...
What the 'City Game' means to its hoops legends and the world It is tough. Savvy. Cerebral. Clever. Guard-driven. And year-round. Those were just some of the responses to the so-many-ways-to-answer question: “What is New York City basketball?” “Probably the first thing...
We'll assume we have your consent to use cookies, for example so you won't need to log in each time you visit our site.
Learn more
Agree
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio (WDTN) – The Thunderbolts came ready to play against the Wildcats Friday night.
Northmont made the first score of the night and they held on to the lead.
The Wildcats had some big plays but could not compete with the Thunderbolts
Northmont beats Springfield 22 to 10.
Work continues on the Spottsville Bridge.
Highway department crews were doing inspections when they discovered some issues with the bridge's structure.
They established an immediate 8-ton weight limit.
School buses had to take alternate routes, but school officials said they used 6-ton buses to get across the bridge the next day.
Next week is fall break for Henderson County.
There is no word yet on when the problem will be fixed.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Nearly 5,000 entries from all 50 states and we had to pick just one! The competition rose to a new level this year and the decision was harder than ever. Our judges looked at a vast array of music from every genre — and lots of music that couldn't be categorized. The creative community these days is bursting, and the diversity of sounds and people who sent us entries made for many magical "wow" moments.
So, when it came time to pick a winner, we have to admit: It was tough. We debated, deliberated, championed and celebrated the entries that impressed us. In the end, it was a soft-spoken, soulful guitarist who captured our hearts. We're proud to announce this year's Tiny Desk Contest winner is Naia Izumi!
Naia is a 34-year-old musician from Georgia who regularly busks on the streets of Los Angeles, where he now lives. He impressed the judges with his intricate, complex guitar playing and his sweet, emotive voice. The video he submitted for "Soft Spoken," recorded in the home studio he has built in his garage, showcases the incredible skillfulness and gentle spirit he brings to his music.
Talia Schlanger, host of WXPN's World Cafe, said it this way: "The fact that Naia Izumi's solo performance captivated the judging panel, out of a sea of big bands and flashy videos, says something powerful about what a singular talent we have on our hands. Naia's remarkable creativity on the guitar, solid songwriting and gentle yet powerful charisma make me proud to root for him as our winner!"
Gaby Moreno, another of our Tiny Desk Contest judges, agrees, calling Naia an "undeniable talent."
"I was captivated by Naia's soulful voice, and the way he takes the unique approach to his virtuosic level of talent on guitar," she says.
In the fourth year of the Contest, we were simply overwhelmed by the energy, spirit and enthusiasm artists brought to their entry videos. And though there's only one winner, what makes this Contest special is the way it gathers a community of artists, fans and friends together around a shared love of music. We're so grateful to everyone who shared a song, a story or a moment with us.
The story of this year's Tiny Desk Contest doesn't end now that we've picked a winner, of course. Next, Naia will come to Washington, D.C. to play his very own Tiny Desk concert. Then, we'll head out on the road with Lagunitas Brewing Company for a national tour featuring Naia and local Contest entrants we loved. Stay tuned for dates and more information. We're looking forward to seeing you in person. I'll be spending some time celebrating the newest member of the Tiny Desk Contest family, and getting lost down the rabbit hole of all sorts of amazing entries to this year's Contest. I hope this Contest has brought you the joy of discovery like it has done for me.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption £78.9m has been allocated overall for research
Universities and further education colleges in Wales will see overall funding rise by £17.5m over the next year.
The overall budget is increasing to £138.2m for the forthcoming academic year.
Higher Education Funding Council for Wales (Hefcw) chief executive Dr David Blaney said this reflected "a new funding landscape".
He said it would ensure institutions were better resourced in future.
The sector has already received an extra £21.4m over the last few months, which included:
An extra £6.24m to deal with demographic changes and the impact of Brexit
£1.2m towards setting up an Institute for Coding
£1.7m to ease pressures on the performing arts
The money coming in is going up overall but Hefcw, for another year at least, has to make funding adjustments in cash given to universities based on the actual available budget when everything has been worked out.
This means a reduction of £12.5m to 13 higher education institutions although the gap is closing and is expected to disappear completely by 2019-20.
For Cardiff University - with by far the biggest allocation - it is £6.1m less through this funding adjustment.
However, while all universities are taking their share of this, funding to the sector overall has gone up.
With the recommendations of the Diamond review of student and university finance coming in, Hefcw expects its future income to rise during the lifetime of the current Welsh Government.
Tyson Fury's much-delayed UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) hearing has resumed in London on Monday, although a verdict is not expected until the new year.
The 29-year-old former heavyweight champion and his cousin and fellow heavyweight fighter Hughie, 23, tested positive for the banned steroid nandrolone in February 2015.
The pair, however, were not charged by UKAD until June 2016, by which time Tyson Fury had beaten Wladimir Klitschko.
A rematch with the Ukrainian was scheduled for July 2016 but Fury postponed the fight, citing a sprained ankle, on the same day the UKAD charge was announced.
Both Hughie and Tyson Fury have strongly denied the nandrolone charge, claiming the positive was a result of eating wild boar that had not been castrated - a defence similar to the one used by cycling star Alberto Contador when he tested positive for a steroid at the 2010 Tour de France.
The Fury case has been complicated by several other factors, though, as Tyson Fury failed a test for cocaine in September 2016 and later admitted using the recreational drug to deal with depression related to his injury and UKAD problems.
Having already postponed another Klitschko rematch date and facing the prospect of having his titles stripped from him, Fury relinquished his belts on October 12. A day later, the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBoC) suspended his licence and the Manchester-born fighter's career has been in limbo ever since.
Returns to training and possible fights have come and gone, and hearings with the BBBoC and UKAD have been scheduled and adjourned, with an anti-doping tribunal halted in August after just one day because one of the lawyers involved had a conflict of interest.
There is also the issue of Tyson Fury, who has not fought since that remarkable win over Klitschko more than two years ago, refusing a drugs test in September 2016 - a serious offence, if proven, as it would count as a positive.
Given all of this, nobody linked to the case is expecting a speedy decision, with the panel set to hear evidence for at least two days before they retire to deliberate and write their decision. That process usually takes a few weeks, which pushes the verdict back until January.
It's Valentine's Day, which means everyone is posting couples photos and photos of their significant others with loving messages. The Mets' mascot, Mr. Met, tweeted a fantastic old photo of Noah Syndergaard.
While the photo may be a bit embarrassing for Syndergaard, this isn't the burn. The burn is Mr. Met's response to the pitcher saying he already has plans for the special day.
Mr. Met is so cold.
@Noahsyndergaard I do…Please tell your mom I say hi! 👋 — Mr. Met (@MrMet) February 15, 2017
Syndergaard shot back with a GIF. Mr. Met got him good.
Well done, Mr. Met.
By Sergio Tapia/reporter
Transfer centers offer students a chance to learn about the process of continuing onto a university and how to avoid taking classes that won't get credited in their major.
Students can participate in workshops, seminars and attend presentations to develop essay-writing and interview skills, build resumes and work on transfer applications. Information is also available to help students choose electives that relate to their chosen majors or career paths.
“One of the most important components for students to be aware of when transferring is being knowledgeable for what the university expects out of you for the application,” said Rachelle Alvarez, NW transfer center coordinator.
University applications have several components to them and can be daunting for students to take on by themselves, she said.
“When students self-advise themselves, they usually miss the small details and sometimes end up taking the wrong classes,” NE transfer center coordinator Vanessa Ximenez said. “For example, anthropology can be an elective offered, but students who are business majors will need economics, not anthropology.”
Ximenez said if students are not using their time wisely, they may end up spending more time than necessary at TCC.
“Most think they don't have to worry about transferring until their last semester they're here,” Alvarez said.
Students who stop by the transfer center on any campus can ensure their classes are correct for their degree.
“It is never too early to get started or stop by the transfer center to get information about degree planning,” she said.
The transfer centers also connect students with university representatives to answer their questions. All campuses host transfer fairs, which allow students to meet representatives from different colleges. Students can learn about available scholarships, deadlines and the atmosphere of each university.
TR transfer center coordinator Laura Escamilla said depending on campus participation, college tours are available for students who are undecided about a university.
“I want students that go to transfer to a university to go there because that's the best school for them, best fit for them, not because everybody else is going there, not because it's convenient,” Escamilla said. “I want students to feel good about the university students choose, so, therefore, students need to explore their options.”
The centers will kick off the spring semester with university transfer fairs. The fairs give students an opportunity to visit with school representatives from all over the country. TR also has an engineering major transfer fair, Grad Fest and will end the semester with a transfer celebration.
Universities nearby like the University of North Texas and the University of Texas at Arlington hold recruiting events on campuses, which brings in representatives from different departments from the university.
“TCC is a great inaugural college because it provides a foundation for careers and provides quality students in our area, and universities recognize that,” Ximenez said.
#BBNaija: Slay Queen regrets ignoring Miracle who was in her DM few years ago
Big Brother Naija 2018 winner, Miracle is undoubtedly having the time of his life with his new found fame.
A Nigerian lady with Instagram handle @omotoke_dacoco took to the platform to disclose how she is now regretting ignoring the pilot who was in her DM.
The lady took to her Instalive to share screenshots of chats with Miracle, before he was unveiled as the reality show's housemates and then winner.
She wrote: “That was how i was always ignoring Miracle when e was always in my dm, i use my throw away my husband so nw am nw the fan”
See one below:
Another photo of the lady ;
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post #BBNaija: Slay Queen regrets ignoring Miracle who was in her DM few years ago appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright Google Image caption Contract Services has blamed 'unexpected cash flow' problems
A south Wales building and maintenance firm has called in liquidators with the loss of 102 jobs.
Contract Services (South Wales) Ltd has operated from Port Talbot and Caerphilly for the last 21 years.
It ceased trading on 11 August, and called in business recovery firm Begbies Traynor to start the process of liquidation.
The company has blamed what has been described as "unexpected cash flow pressures earlier this year".
Huw Powell, from the liquidators, said: "It is disappointing to see a leading Welsh business have to close its doors in this way after many years of successful trading, particularly one that prided itself on supporting a local SME supply chain, the communities it worked in and its employees through training and being an early adopter of the Living Wage.
"We will be writing to all creditors over the course of the next few days with details of the liquidation process."
He said the company had been unable to raise the funding it needs to continue trading, despite an agreement in principle with the Welsh Government to assist.
It will enter voluntary liquidation next Tuesday, 22 August.
CASINO
Will Macau's gross gaming revenue (GGR) for February be robust or will it be a bust?
International analysts are apparently divided on whether Macau casino will be able to pull another double-digit growth this month after a better-than-expected January GGR.
On Thursday, Japanese credit debt watcher Nomura and investment brokerage Morgan Stanley have expressed optimism that Macau's February casino revenue will grow more than 10 percent.
Analysts from Nomura predicted that Macau's GGR will climb 15 percent this month on the back of the expected opening of the HKD27 billion ($3.45 billion) MGM Cotai.
MGM China Holdings Ltd. has decided to defer its January 29 grand opening to February 13, just three days before the Chinese New Year holiday period.
For its part, the Macau's Gaming Inspection and Coordination Bureau (DICJ) approved the allocation of more than 100 new-to-market live dealer gaming tables and some 900 slot machines at the Cotai resort.
“We expect daily GGR of approximately MOP950 million to MOP955 million for February, or up around 15 percent,” Nomura said, according to GGRAsia. “We expect above-average growth in February this year, given the expected opening of MGM Cotai mid-month.”
Like Nomura, Morgan Stanley was also feeling confident about Macau's GGR growth story this month.
Morgan Stanley analysts Praveen Choudhary and Jeremy An forecast Macau's GGR will grow 16 percent in February, citing the survey they conducted on hotel bookings.They said that their data suggested high visitation from strong hotel bookings and rising rates for most hotels during the upcoming Chinese New Year holiday celebration, which runs from February 15 to 21.
“We expect 16 percent year-on-year total GGR growth for 2018 and 19 percent year-on-year for the first quarter of 2018, driven by visitation growth potential from lower tier [mainland China] cities, new supply (MGM Cotai and Morpheus) and infrastructure improvement,” the brokerage said.
Deutsche Bank analysts, however, were a bit skeptical on whether the Chinese New Year holiday would provide enough fire power to sustain a growth rate beyond 10 percent.
Analysts Carlo Santarelli and Danny Valoy believed that casino GGR for February would decelerate to 2.8 percent even if the Chinese New Year festivities have fallen this month.
“While Chinese New Year generates a lot of hype, the month around the holiday has often tended to bring about disappointment as the periods into and post the holiday tend to offset the primarily mass strength during the holiday,” the Deutsche Bank analysts said.
Comments
A deal to acquire concert tracker Pollstar is raising eyebrows Music moguls Tim Leiweke and Irving Azoff are acquiring concert data company Pollstar in a deal that is attracting scrutiny from industry insiders. The news was immediately met with raised...
AEG Live upgrades offices, leases huge space in Chelsea AEG Live, which owns facilities and books touring acts, will move to 53 W. 23rd St. The company signed its lease for 28,128 square feet, where it will have the...
AEG Live veteran tapped to lead SFX Entertainment AEG Live veteran Randy Phillips has been tapped to lead SFX Entertainment, the electronic dance music concert giant, when it emerges from bankruptcy on Sept. 5, according to sources close...
Two New Yorks: De Blasio's friends --- and everyone else Say this much for Mayor de Blasio: He looks out for friends and donors. The latest proof: The pending deal on Central Park carriage horses takes care of the Blas...
De Blasio OKs massive music fest for cronies' pal after denying others Mayor de Blasio has quietly cut a deal allowing a concert promoter linked to one his cronies to host a multi-day major music festival on Randall's Island — only after...
De Blasio pal lobbying city for Coachella-like festival in Queens A close pal of Mayor de Blasio is trying to help a concert promoter score city approval for a music mega-festival in Queens. AEG Live — which runs the popular,...
Music industry titans in tune with concert venue promotion plan Music industry entrepreneur Irving Azoff is getting together with former AEG boss Tim Leiweke to start a new venture aimed at helping concert venues generate more revenue. The venture, Oak...
MSG vies with Coachella backers for Queens music fest The next battle of the bands could be in Queens. New York's Madison Square Garden is seeking permission from the city to put on a major outdoor music festival in...
Hillary reached out to AEG head during Aqueduct bidding in 2009 WASHINGTON — An old friend of Bill Clinton's whose company was desperately trying to win a bid to run a slots casino at Aqueduct reached out to then-Secretary of State...
Cassie Aylward, Newstalk 580 CFRA
Ottawa's taxi union has lost a court case alleging Uber came into the Ottawa market illegally.
The City of Ottawa's lawyer released the decision late today.
Taxi drivers had challenged the bylaw that allowed Uber to operate in the city harming their business.
The judge dismissed the claim, saying the city can lisence vehicle-for-hire services like Uber or Lyft.
Uber was officially legalized in the capital in 2016.
The big game is on Sunday, and that means additional police on the road watching out for drunk drivers. Brian Thompson reports. (Published 4 hours ago)
The big game is on Sunday, and that means additional police on the road watching out for drunk drivers. Brian Thompson reports. See More
Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events.
Donnie Wahlberg and his wife Jenny McCarthy have a deal about their TV consumption.
He'll watch “The Housewives” as he calls Bravo's Real Housewives series with her. In turn, she'll watch ESPN's 30 for 30 specials with him.
So when he got a call asking him to be a part of the 30 for 30, Celtics/Lakers: Best of Enemies, she knew what it meant to him. Her eyes grew watery with emotion, he said. And he didn't hesitate and offered to do it for free.
“I told them I'd do it for a grilled cheese sandwich and I'd pay for the sandwich,” he said.
Wahlberg narrates the Boston side of the rivalry in the two-part film while Ice Cube takes over for the Los Angeles point of view. The first part aired on Tuesday night and the second will air on Wednesday on ESPN. Wahlberg said his first memory of knowing he was a Celtics fan came when he was six and Boston was winning the championship against Phoenix. His parents were going nuts.
“I didn't even know what a Celtic was but I was already there,” he said. “And since then it's never wavered. Even when the Celtics were awful and winning 18 games a year in the early 2000s, I was there and I'll be there forever.”
Catch the conclusion of #CelticsLakers – tonight at 8 ET on ESPN! pic.twitter.com/0yMKhOr63k — ESPN Films 30 for 30 (@30for30) June 14, 2017
The 30 for 30 looks back at the rivalry between the two teams, dating back to 1960s and 70s. And it's not just about basketball: The film looks at race relations and how they were reflected in franchises and the league. And on a less serious note, there's some good historical perspective to the real invention of trash talk in the league — which in the film is credited to Red Auerbach.
Wahlberg said he learned what he knows about trash talk from Larry Bird.
“We have big mouths in Boston, I'm sure most of the country knows that,” he said. “Larry Bird helped encourage us all to become trash talkers, but it's a lot easier to trash talk when your teams are good. Fortunately for us, the Celtics are doing pretty good, the Patriots are the best, and the Red Sox are doing OK. We have a lot of reasons to trash talk.”
One of his favorite things about the film though, is that despite the rivalry, the mutual respect is apparent.
“I think Boston fans, we follow Larry Bird's lead and when he hated the Lakers, we hated the Lakers,” he said. “But as his respect for Magic Johnson grew, I think so too did ours as fans. We grew to respect Magic and we grew to appreciate the rivalry and see Magic the way Larry Bird did.”
When asked how the rivalry and those games compared to the Warriors-Cavaliers series that just ended, Wahlberg quickly said he was a huge fan of the NBA in its current form.
“I'm an old-timer, I favor the era that I grew up with. But I also do respect the players now and the way the game is played now. It's really fascinating to watch this show while the NBA Finals were going on because to really see how different it actually was. A guy like Kevin Durant, that couldn't happen in the '80s. You couldn't leave your team and go to the team that was beating you. You don't do that in the '80s …” he said. “The game was so much more physical. I think Steph Curry is an amazing player. I could watch that kid play basketball for 10 hours straight and not get bored. But if he were playing in the '80s, he'd get knocked around the floor.”
In the preview alone for the 30 for 30, he pointed out there are five plays alone that would get you suspended in the NBA now for a month.
“I just think it was so much different,” he said.
Video
Conservative MP Jacob Rees-Mogg says he never felt threatened or in danger during a scuffle at a university event he was speaking at.
A small group of protesters disrupted his talk at the University of the West of England shortly after it began.
Mr Rees-Mogg approached the protesters and tried to engage with them before other members of the audience became involved in a scuffle.
Campus security staff arrived within minutes and the protesters left shortly afterwards.
Trudys Brides and Special Occasions is usually a cheery place, but on Friday there'll be some heavy hearts when Trudy Blechman's family and friends gather amid the store's sequined gowns for her Celebration of Life.
Trudy, who opened her namesake store at the Pruneyard Shopping Center in Campbell 44 years ago where thousands of Bay Area brides have said “yes” to her dresses ever since, died April 4 from pancreatic cancer. She was 77.
“It all starts with the proms and quinceaneras,” said Trudy's son, Steven Blechman. “We have generations of women come in who say, ‘My mom got her wedding gown here, I got my prom dress here and now I'm here for my wedding gown.' My mom worked hard to find the magic.”
And if a dress didn't look good, Trudy would let you know.
“She was a firecracker, who said whatever was on her mind. I think a lot of people appreciated that,” Blechman said.
Trudy's method for helping brides find the right dress was simple: Learn their love story and then head into the racks.
“She always wanted to find out details of the event,” Blechman said. “So, people discuss their love stories and when they look in the mirror, you want them to feel the dress represents their love and sets the mood. When they do find the right dress, their faces light up and there are often tears.”
Social media consultant Miiko Mentz added that Trudy “had a knack for picking the right dress. Sometimes, brides would be hesitant to even try on a dress, but then all this emotion would come over their faces because they knew it was the right one.”
Trudy loved her store so much that she worked six days a week. Even so, the heavy workload didn't stop her from spending time with her family: Her husband of 59 years, Roger, is the controller, Steven Blechman is an owner and daughter Sherry Martinez works there, too.
That family connection means Trudys will most definitely remain open, Blechman said.
“I grew up with Trudys, as did a lot of people,” Blechman said. “My mom felt very connected to the community and loved bringing families together.”
Employees loved Trudy, too, Blechman said, adding that she “brought a lot of shy girls out of their shells.”
One of those former employees, Courtney Cole-Arlidge, posted on Facebook that Trudy was an inspiring, “tough love” teacher who was well-respected by employees.
“I always felt like she really cared for me and gave me the time I needed,” Cole-Arlidge wrote.
Cole-Arlidge asked Trudy for advice before opening a bridal boutique in San Diego. “Even when I flew to see her and proposed my business plan to her, she listened and gave her thoughtful, yet blunt advice. She is the reason why I am in this industry today.”
A particularly poignant story comes from customer Alexandra Nelson, whose mom bought a mother-of-the bride dress from Trudy.
“We found the perfect dress for her and Trudy herself was watching my mom try on the dress and talking to her about how beautiful she looked,” Nelson wrote. “My mother passed away unexpectedly from a short battle with ovarian cancer (and) even though she won't get to attend the wedding, Trudy gave us the mother-daughter experience and my mom such beautiful treatment.”
There will undoubtedly be more fond remembrances Friday, when Trudy's Celebration of Life takes place 4-6 p.m. at her Pruneyard store, 1875 S. Bascom Ave., Campbell. Community members and customers are invited, with shopping center restaurants providing appetizers.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Storyhouse has revealed its exciting programme of children's shows for the new spring season – promising plenty of fun for all the family at the Chester cultural centre.
With four fantastic shows, written and produced specifically for children, there's no excuse for youngsters to be bored during the half-term break or the coming months.
The first show to take to the stage this season is Captain Flinn and The Pirate Dinosaurs 2: The Magic Cutlass on Tuesday, February 20.
Based on the best-selling children's books, Flinn, Pearl and Tom are in the middle of their school play when their old nemesis, Mr T the T. rex, appears and kidnaps them, forcing the children to hunt for the secretive Magic Cutlass – a sword that grants the holder any wish.
(Image: The Other Richard)
Young fans of dinosaurs have a real treat to look forward to on Saturday, April 7 and Sunday, April 8 when Dinosaur World Live comes to Storyhouse.
Dare to experience the dangers and delights of the dinosaur world with this incredible interactive show. Youngsters are invited to join an intrepid explorer across unchartered territories to discover a pre-historic world of astonishing (and remarkably life-like) dinosaurs.
Meet a host of impressive creatures, including every child's favourite flesh-eating giant the Tyrannosaurus Rex, a Triceratops, Giraffatitan, Microraptor and Stegosaurus.
Dino fans can meet their favourites during a special meet and greet after the Dinosaur World Live performances.
(Image: Robert Day)
The mischievous and hilarious Gangsta Granny takes to the Storyhouse stage during the Easter Holidays, on Wednesday, April 11 to Saturday, April 14.
Based on the books by the best-selling children's author David Walliams, Gangsta Granny and her grandson Ben are about to embark on the adventure of a lifetime together. This award-winning West End production is brought to stage by the acclaimed producers of Horrible Histories.
Fans of dance and music are also catered for. Motionhouse: Charge tells the incredible story of energy in our bodies, for one night only on Tuesday, February 6. The show sees six performers use dance and acrobatics in a multi-media show, creating a unique collaboration between art and science.
World music group Kabantu return to Storyhouse on Wednesday, February 21. After proving to be a big hit at the Chester venue last June, the quintet perform as part of their Debut Album Tour, which has been produced by Mercury Prize nominated Gerry Diver.
Storyhouse artistic director Alex Clifton said: “We are thrilled to present such a varied and exciting programme for families over the coming months. Following the success of our Christmas show, The Secret Seven, we want to continue to engage families and young people as much as possible. Whether that's seeing a show in the theatre or creating something together in the children's library.”
Storyhouse is also producing its annual WayWord half-term festival between February 17 and 24. The week-long festival is dedicated to families and young people, and features Gruffalo illustrator Axel Scheffler, silent discos, stand-up comedy for kids, a raft of workshops, tea-time movies, and free and crafts.
Tickets for all events are on sale now and can be booked online, over the phone, or in person in the theatre.
Storyhouse has a dynamic pricing policy on the majority of shows, ensuring the earlier you book your tickets, guarantees the best seats at the lowest price. Visit www.storyhouse.com for details.
Russ Johnson, 73, would rather give to workers than charitable organizations.
Russ Johnson, a retired manufacturing executive based in Louisville, Ky., read last week's Moneyologist column on whether or not you should tip for takeout, and it hit a nerve.
He emailed to say that not only does he tip the takeout guy, he tips 50%. In fact, he tips most people between 30% and, often times, 50% rather than the 20% recommended by most restaurants. After a conversation with a golfing buddy 10 years ago, he decided to stop donating to charities and start tipping half the bill. “It makes me feel good and I hope the recipient feels good as well,” he says.
“I have convinced many of my friends to reduce donating to charities with overhead structures and spend the money by tipping hardworking people,” says Johnson, 73. “I would rather put money in the hands of people on the low end of the scale working their way up the ladder than in some bureaucrat's hand who works for an organized charity.”
(Charity Navigator, an independent charity evaluator, gives a zero-star rating to groups that spend less than one-third of their budget on programs, and says seven out of 10 charities spend 75% of their budget on programs that are core to their missions.)
Don't miss: How much to tip everyone
Johnson is a retired U.S. marine and spent 13 months serving in Vietnam. His wife, who is a retired pediatrician, and their son and daughter all support the 50% tipping policy. (His children themselves cannot afford such a policy, even though they've almost paid off their student loans.) MarketWatch spoke to Johnson by telephone about his tipping largesse, and why he doesn't mind leaving such a big chunk of change behind:
MarketWatch: Why did you decide to tip so much money rather than give money to charity?
Johnson: I'd much rather give money to hardworking people than some outfit where the administrator takes 60 cents of every dollar. I have a little bit to give, so I can help them out.
MarketWatch: There are a lot of people we forget to tip. Who do you tip?
Johnson: I was on vacation and there was a lady sitting in the booth at the parking lot collecting money and so I gave her a $5 tip. She hadn't received a tip before. It's not a lot of money for me, but it's a lot of money for other workers. I tipped the lady at the grocery store $5.
MarketWatch: Was she packing your bags?
Johnson: No, she was running the cash register that day. My wife just walked by and said, “Don't forget toll takers.”
MarketWatch: I heard your wife. Tell her hi! Have you ever run into problems by tipping so much?
Podcast: Listen to Catey Hill and Quentin Fottrell's podcast Money, Markets & More (or subscribe on iTunes): The latest episodes include How to “unstuff your life” of clutter and Should We Carry Our Debt Baggage Into a Marriage?
Johnson: The only time they wouldn't accept it was at McDonald's. I guess they must have a rule. It might have been $5. At some grocery stores, the staff has to ask permission. If they're going to put money in their pocket, they're probably on a camera. They have to be a little careful. You sure don't want to get someone in trouble.
MarketWatch: You sometimes tip 100%?
Johnson: Only if it's a small bill. I won't tip 100% of a $200 restaurant bill. But if you want to send a message it has to be meaningful. It can't be some half step. We live in a large condominium and we have people who work in the building and at Christmastime we each give them $100. It's a statement. Service doesn't really impact my decision, unless it's really lousy service. We just want to say “thank you.”
MarketWatch: I've received letters about tipping building staff before. This is a big issue for people in doorman buildings in big cities like New York.
Johnson: We're not even allowed to tip in our building in case it's seen as buying favors. We have to inform the manager, so he needs to OK it for anything over $25.
Don't miss: Consumers to retailers — Don't ‘guilt tip' us with your iPads
MarketWatch: What kind of response do you get?
Johnson: I've had some wonderful experiences. I've had people chase me down in the parking lot to thank me. I try not to make that the reason I do it. I try to leave the tip and go.
MarketWatch: So you're not doing it for the glory?
Johnson: No, I don't even like that feeling. I don't want this person to feel like they owe me because I've given that tip. I appreciate the fact that they've got a job. It's more about thanking them for having a job and trying to be part of the solution rather than part of the problem.
MarketWatch: You may be starting a movement.
Johnson: I've talked maybe half a dozen friends into doing the same thing. They say they're committed. I sometimes ask them to let me see what they're tipping and, when I do, I say, “That's not the program. That's not what we agreed to.”
MarketWatch: It's expensive to tip half the bill, especially in a place like New York where a trip to the diner can set you back $30.
Johnson: Sometimes, I will tell myself, ‘This dinner costs a lot,' but then I will give myself a big kick. I'm not a Diamond Jim Brady. I don't want to give you an impression that I go around like Santa Claus or something. But we should get legions of people. A million people should start doing this.
MarketWatch: And this isn't charity, so you can't deduct tips from your taxes.
Johnson: That really didn't enter into the formula.
MarketWatch: How much have you given away in tips over the last 10 years?
Johnson: I suspect it's not as much as I like to think it is: About $5,000, maybe more.
Russ Johnson leaves a trail of receipts attesting to his largesse.
MarketWatch: Is there anyone you wouldn't tip?
Johnson: I would not tip an executive of some larger corporation. He's got plenty.
MarketWatch: He or she is probably getting enough in share options and bonuses anyway. That's enough of a tip.
Johnson: That's not my concern. I'm interested in young people who are struggling, a restaurant worker who doesn't have much. It's pretty tough for young people now. It could be an old person working that job and they don't have anything either. They could be sitting getting a check from the government every week instead of working. I don't tip people sitting on the street with a bucket.
MarketWatch: Why not?
Johnson: Because they're not working.
MarketWatch: I take my hat off to you for spreading your wealth.
Johnson: I have received a great deal of personal pleasure out of doing this even though I will probably never see that person again. I'm certainly not wealthy, but I have enough to share some in this way. Try it, you'll like it. Make someone's day.
(This interview has been updated.)
Bloomberg Boston Bureau Chief Tom Moroney and Radio News Anchors Peter Barnes, Pat Carroll and Anne Mostue are joined by top names from local business and finance to medicine and politics, along with Bloomberg reporters covering the latest stories in and around Boston. Today Bloomberg cross asset reporter Sarah Ponczek updated us on the wild ride on the equities markets. Bloomberg Intelligence credit analyst Noel Hebert talked about the bond market. Morgan Stanley's Christine Armstrong gave us an overview of all the markets and her outlook for the rest of the year. Yanni Tsipis of WS Development talked about the development of Seaport Square in Boston's Seaport District. Bloomberg News healthcare editor Drew Armstrong talked about the possible Takeda/Shire deal. Bloomberg News endowments reporter Michael McDonald told us about a Harvard land deal in Brazil that has generated some controversy. Finally, Bloomberg Intelligence gaming analyst Brian Egger was on the Wynn Resorts earnings call and gave us the highlights.
Running time 52:28
Ben Roethlisberger passed for more than 500 yards as the Pittsburgh Steelers edged out their arch-rival Baltimore Ravens, 39-38, on Sunday Night Football in Pittsburgh.
The Ravens' loss snapped a three-game winning streak and dropped their overall record back down to .500 at 7-7. The Ravens are currently in seventh place in the AFC standings, just outside of the last seed for the AFC playoffs. The Steelers improved to 12-2.
The Ravens Defense Didn't Do Their Part
Heading into Sunday night, if someone told me that Baltimore was going to score 38 points, I would have told that person to put all the money they have on the Ravens, because 38 points would guarantee a blowout victory. Baltimore's defense had been so good this year at keeping teams out of the end zone, and even recorded three shutouts wins. Yet they gave up 39 points and more than 500 yards to their most hated rivals?
That's just heartbreaking for Ravens fans. The team's offense played so poorly for the majority of the season while the defense dominated, and as soon as the offense starts to get rolling, the defense falls off. The Ravens defense leads the league in creating turnovers, yet didn't create a single one against the Steelers. They actually dropped two errant passes by Roethlisberger that should have been easy interceptions. Roethlisberger ended the night with 506 passing yards and two touchdowns on 44-of-66 passing attempts completed.
“January Joe” Was On the Money Again
Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco proved once again why he goes by the nickname “January Joe” with yet another solid performance as the postseason approaches. An inside joke floating around the Ravens locker room teases at how Flacco always seems to play at his best once the weather drops below the freezing point. It was certainly cold Sunday night at the hostile environment of Heinz Field when Flacco tossed two touchdown passes and led the Ravens in recording 413 yards of offense and nearly 40 points.
Ravens running back Alex Collins also had an outstanding night, rushing for 120 yards and a touchdown on 18 carries. Running back Buck Allen also scored two touchdowns for Baltimore.
Next: Baltimore has just two games left to try and squeeze into the playoffs. They'll face the Browns in Cleveland on Dec. 17.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — The Mets' best opportunity to sell low on Matt Harvey came on Dec. 1, when they could have washed their hands of him and bid him farewell for the low, low cost of zero dollars.
They passed, tendering him a contract and thereby committing more than $5 million from their incredibly shrinking payroll.
So now that they've re-upped with The Artist formerly known as The Dark Knight, they might as well stick with him, right? In for a penny, in for a pound?
What's the point of selling low, after all, when you could have sold even lower and saved yourself some effort?
The Mets have engaged several clubs on Harvey, The Post's Mike Puma reported, though they expect the right-hander to be a 2018 Met. There's no harm in listening, naturally; a well-run team stays open-minded, just as the Yankees entered this offseason with no intention of touching their offense and wound up adding Giancarlo Stanton.
Yet let's say the Mets trade Harvey to the Orioles for Brad Brach, a reliever with one year left before free agency (just like Harvey) who is due to make a touch less than Harvey in arbitration; the website MLB Trade Rumors projects Harvey to make $5.9 million and Brach $5.2 million. Wouldn't the Mets have been better off just pocketing the $6-ish million they're set to pay Harvey and using that to go after a higher class of free-agent reliever than the one they're currently pursuing?
Then there exists the risk that Harvey, whose last two seasons have been positively dreadful and riddled with injuries, actually rights himself in time for free agency. How would the Mets feel watching that happen somewhere else, especially if they went through the trouble of retaining him?
I'm skeptical that can happen. Harvey put a lot of miles on his arm in a short amount of time; he has endured both Tommy John surgery and thoracic outlet syndrome; and his well-documented nightlife ensures he isn't the best-preserved 28-year-old among our species. However, if there's any agent on whom I would bet to pull off this long-shot reconstruction project, it's Scott Boras. The same control-freak qualities that caused that memorable 2015 clash with the Mets make Boras the ideal guy to solve such an enigma. Back in October, Boras told The Post's Joel Sherman of his offseason plan for his client Harvey. The plan included a throwing program to fix both his command and his release point.
Furthermore, Harvey does have a role model to emulate. Alex Cobb, like Harvey, suffered through both TOS and Tommy John surgery, albeit in the reverse order that Harvey experienced. And now Cobb is a free agent set to score, although it won't be the nine figures Harvey and Boras envisioned not long ago.
Baltimore and Texas are among the teams that have discussed Harvey with the Mets, and the talks have been at a “basic” level, according to one industry source. Nothing close has emerged.
Only a potential contender would have interest in Harvey, due to his pending free agency, and the return on him naturally will be underwhelming. That Texas won't give up Jurickson Profar, the one-time potential stud who hasn't panned out yet still has three years of control before he hits the market, for Harvey shows how far the Mets' first-round draft pick of 2010 has fallen.
You tender a player a contract because you feel he provides some sort of value, be it to your team or on the trade market. Harvey's value on the trade market is predictably low, no matter how badly some clubs need starting pitching.
On an episode of “Cheers,” Carla recalls how her sleazebag ex-husband Nick proposed to her: “Hey, Carla, I knocked you up and you know where I live, so I guess I have to.” Similarly, this Mets-Harvey marriage finds itself at a rather uninspiring juncture. Now that they've renewed their vows, though, they might as well ride it out for one more year. Given the commitment already made, it seems better than the alternative.
Big Ben is falling silent until 2021 - but that won't stop it being photographed. So where's the best spot to snap this iconic, if unhelpfully lofty, clock tower?
The Elizabeth Tower is said to be the most photographed building in the UK - but the old thing is notoriously difficult to capture.
Being so much taller than we are, it can prove awkward to fit it into the confines of your camera screen from street level.
For those who might not know the area, here are some quick tips on how to take a pleasing picture of this quintessentially British building.
Get there soon
The restoration work to the clock and tower means scaffolding is slowly swallowing it all up. So if you want a pretty picture to grace your Instagram feed with, pay a visit before metal overcomes stone.
The scaffolding isn't too high yet, so there are currently a few ways to hide it. Here's a shot from Parliament Square, in which you can see the scaffolding creeping up.
But there is, conveniently, a tree in the grounds of the Palace of Westminster, so positioning it in the way of the workmen can help.
Watch out for traffic
The sight of a big red bus is great when you're waiting for one in the rain, but they won't half ruin your photograph. Wait for gaps in the traffic, and also zoom in a little to get away from the road.
Better still, if the sky is cloudy, zooming in closely can create a nice effect.
Avoid the furniture
The streets and pavements around the clock are littered with poles and lampposts and traffic lights.
It's easy to forget about them when your eye is drawn to the big pointy thing - but don't let this street furniture photo bomb your picture.
Pick your spot
But what if you want to be in the photo yourself? It can be hard to avoid the crowds gathering in Parliament Square, especially when you're all after the same thing.
Nick Ferrey, 57 and from Norwich, and his twin brother Chris, from Reading, were in Parliament Square to look at the Winston Churchill statue.
They agreed to turn around for a photograph to demonstrate how tricky it can be to pose with Big Ben.
In the first image, the crowds are encroaching on their background, and there's an unsightly traffic light on the left.
But switching to a profile shot means a tighter crop, and focuses the attention on the subjects - all three of them.
Those taking pictures of the structure from Parliament Square are often forced into a bit of contortionism, due to the severity of the angles.
The lady below seemed to find a decent spot for a selfie. But is she going to get the whole tower in from there? And shooting upwards is sometimes not the most flattering of angles.
Seek alternative viewpoints
So with its close proximity, throbbing crowds and rumbustious traffic, perhaps Parliament Square just isn't the best place for a shot of Big Ben.
A stroll over Westminster Bridge offers a kinder view, making the tower appear gently over your shoulder and not looming over the top of you.
Directly across the Thames is the Big Ben viewpoint, and it's around here that a good picture can be taken. It's also quieter and pedestrianised.
Taking advantage of this spot were Frances Katz, 23 from Lewisham - seen on the left - and Javiera Grez, 23, who was visiting from Chile.
They asked a passer-by to provide a record of their walk by the Thames.
And they recreated the shot for the BBC. "I came to this spot on purpose," Frances said. "This is the best place to take a photo around here."
The Guides Trust Foundation and Islamorada Charter Boat Association have been announced as the first grant recipients from the International Game Fish Association's Worldwide Anglers Relief Fund.
Read more in the press release below.
Florida Keys Angling Associations Receive First Grants from IGFA Worldwide Anglers Relief Fund
From IGFA:
The International Game Fish Association (IGFA) today announced the first grants from its new Worldwide Anglers Relief Fund (WARF). The Guides Trust Foundation and Islamorada Charter Boat Association will each receive $10,000 to support captains, guides, mates and their families in the Florida Keys who were affected by Hurricane Irma.
“We are all deeply saddened by the destruction left behind by Hurricane Irma as it ripped across the Florida Keys, yet we are inspired by the resiliency of the local recreational angling community,” said IGFA President Nehl Horton. “We hope that this financial support will help get our friends in the Florida Keys back out on the water as soon as possible.”
The WARF was set up in September to raise and disburse funds to local angling organizations and associations to help speed the recovery of recreational angling communities around the world in the wake of major natural disasters. The professional, recreational angling community is often the cornerstone of local economies and their ability to get back on their feet after natural disasters is critical to re-establishing the cultural and financial well-being of the areas in which they operate.
The IGFA and its partner Costa Sunglasses seeded the fund with initial donations totaling $25,000 and are continuing to raise money to help those in affected areas. The next round of WARF grants will address recent impacts of the 2017 hurricane season in Puerto Rico and the Caribbean Region. Grant decisions are made by IGFA in consultation with major WARF supporters and local representatives in impacted areas.
To make a direct, tax deductible contribution to the WARF, consumers can go to www.igfa.org/warf, or purchase a Costa t-shirt in support of recovery efforts at www.onecoast.net. The IGFA is a 501(c)(3) charitable organization.
About the IGFA
Founded in 1939, the IGFA is a non-profit organization committed to the conservation of game fish and the promotion of responsible, ethical angling practices, through science, education, rule making, record keeping and recognition of outstanding accomplishments in the field of angling. The IGFA also maintains worldwide game fish records in freshwater, saltwater, fly fishing and junior angler categories. IGFA members are located in over 100 countries.
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
There's nothing worse than packing up the car and hitting the road for a long trip and then realizing you left something at home or discovering that your key fob battery has died halfway to your destination. Avoid unnecessary pit stops by checking this list before getting behind the wheel.
1. According to the AAA, most breakdowns can be prevented by having your car serviced before your journey. Head to a mechanic at least a week in advance to have the oil and tire pressure checked and ensure that the battery, brakes, and engine are working properly.
2. While a growing number of new cars come with inflation kits, most still don't have spare tires, including rental cars. If you have a run-flat or doughnut tire, remember that those are intended for short-term use until the flat tire can be fully repaired or replaced. Consider investing in a spare-tire kit, which includes a tire, jack, and lug wrench,
for $150 to $300.
3. Pack an emergency kit that has distilled water, a battery charger, a first-aid kit, jumper cables, and flares or reflectors. Learn how to use the jumper cables before getting on the road. Look for video tutorials on YouTube.
4. Secure rooftop cargo with a storage box. Packasport makes a variety of sizes and can also customize a hard-shell case for your vehicle. from $999.
5. Bring an extra battery for your key fob. “You'd be surprised at how many car keys die when people are on the road, leaving them locked out of their cars,” says AAA spokesperson Mariam Ali. In 2015, AAA rescued more than 4 million drivers
with dead key batteries.
6. If you're traveling on a major interstate highway, use the iExit app to get the lowdown on amenities at upcoming exits, including gas stations, grocery stores, hotels, and hospitals, as well as local attractions.
7. Have a reusable glass or stainless-steel water bottle for each person in the car and refill it along the way. Dehydration can lead to headaches and crankiness.
8. Packing and repacking your car can be time consuming. Road-trip expert Tamela Rich, the author of three books, advises loading nonessential items first, such as anything you won't need until your reach your final destination, and then put in items that you'll rely on throughout the drive, such as a camera or a purse.
9. For multicity car trips, pack an overnight bag that's separate from your luggage and fill it with daily essentials, such as pajamas and toiletries. “This saves you from dragging bulky luggage in and out of the car every time you check in to a hotel,” Rich says.
10. Pack a bag with wet wipes, paper towels, hand sanitizer, and trash bags to deal with accidents or messes.
11. Bring along an instant camera. Then use the snapshots to create a scrapbook of your adventures. The smallness of the Instax Mini 8 by Fujifilm makes it handy to tote along on road trips. amazon.com; $57
12. Be prepared for unexpected tolls by bringing extra $1 and $5 bills for booths that don't have electronic toll collection, or in case EZ-Pass or FasTrak doesn't work on your route. Also fill old pill bottles with quarters for easy counting at tollbooths or for parking meters. The Parkmobile app, which helps make parking-fee payment simpler, is now being used in 36 major U.S. cities.
13. Pack a cooler of non-messy, healthy snacks such as baby carrots, apples, grapes, boiled eggs, and nuts. The protein and fiber in foods like these, Rich says, help stabilize blood-sugar levels and digestion, which can be thrown off during travel.
14. Clean bathrooms definitely make your pit stops more pleasant. For restrooms on your route that you can use without fear, check out sitorsquat.com, diaroogle.com, or the Bathroom Scout app.
15. Farmers' markets are gold mines for picking up prepared regional specialties, Rich says, such as Native American fry bread in New Mexico or barbecued pork in the Carolinas. Check out ams.usda.gov for market schedules across the country.
16. Don't miss out on popular culinary hot spots along your route. TVFoodMaps.com has curated a list of more than 4,000 restaurants that have been featured on popular television shows such as Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. Roadfood.com lists hundreds of authentic, locally owned restaurants, which are usually a better option than fast-food chains.
17. Don't have any place in your car to put your cell phone to view your maps app? Use a binder clip and a rubber band to make your own phone holder to clip onto air vents.
18. Not enough outlets to charge devices for all passengers? Get a multi-outlet adapter, such as the Anker 48W 4-Port USB Car Charger. walmart.com; $17.
19. Consider using dryer sheets instead of a standard car air freshener, which can be pretty intense. Tie them to the sun visor instead of dangling them from the rear-view mirror, which can obstruct the driver's sight lines.
20. Kendra Thornton, president of Royal Travel & Tours travel agency, advises breaking up long car drives by stopping every two to three hours, whether for a meal, to check out an attraction, or at a rest stop to stretch your legs. “When you take frequent breaks, the trip feels like a series of manageable drives instead of one interminable one,” she says.
21. Passengers should take turns driving. And remember, neck pillows aren't just for airplanes. Drivers can use them to
nap between shifts.
Gov. Cuomo announced on Wednesday that a contingent of state troopers would be sent to Long Island high schools as part of a new initiative to help combat gangs such as the notorious MS-13.
The Gang Violence Prevention Unit would consist of 10 state troopers who would be dispatched to 10 Suffolk County schools that are deemed “high-risk” for gang activity, according to the Governor's Office.
“Our No. 1 job in government is to keep all New Yorkers, and especially our children, safe,” Cuomo said.
“By partnering with our schools, we will be better prepared to stop gang activity before it starts and end this heinous cycle of violence.”
Cuomo made the announcement on the one- year anniversary of the murders of high-school students Nisa Mickens, 15, and Kayla Cuevas, 16, by MS-13.
The two best friends were beaten with baseball bats and hacked with a machete during an attack that began when gang members spotted them walking together in Brentwood.
Ten members of the gang were indicted after a wave of Long Island violence that included the slaughter of the girls.
The defendants — who face up to life in prison or the death penalty — include Edwin Antonio “Strong” Amaya-Sanchez, 29, who the feds say is a leader of an MS-13 chapter in El Salvador.
Cuomo said the effort was “just one step in our ongoing efforts to eradicate the threat of MS-13 and ensure that every student remains on the path to a bright future.”
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – Wednesday's Virginia shooting involving politicians and staff is another example why some Indiana lawmakers want their staffs armed.
Starting soon, Statehouse staff will be allowed to bring a gun to work. It's a law that state Sen. Jim Tomes, a Republican from Wadesville, worked on for a couple years because he said staff should be armed.
“They sometimes get there before the lawmakers get there,” Tomes said. “They leave later. Sometimes after everybody is gone.”
During the summer, they can park close to the Statehouse. But when lawmakers are in session, staff members are forced to park in garages which are a couple blocks away. “I just felt that they should not be denied their opportunity to exercise their constitutional rights as well,” Tomes said.
Opponents argue this law might create a slippery slope. “Is the next step to let the lobbyists have guns too to protect themselves from staff members,” asked State Sen. Greg Taylor, a Democrat from Indianapolis.
Staff who plan to take advantage of the law recently received gun training. They must also have a license to carry, and be permitted to do so. But some aren't sure this is enough.
“If they're going to fire upon you, the odds are you're not going to have a chance to either dig in your purse, dig in your pocket to shoot back,” Taylor said. “I'm sorry, but that's just the way it works.”
A debate fueled by Wednesday's shooting with Hoosiers mixed if the answer is to put more weapons in the Statehouse.
“A lot of places have security already,” Indianapolis resident Pat Myers said. “So, I'd rather them have the guns and not just regular employees.”
“If nobody is armed, how is anybody going to defend anyone in that situation,” Fort Wayne resident Stella Stuckey said. “The only thing you can do is cower and hide.”
This law doesn't apply to lawmakers. They are already able to carry weapons inside the Statehouse.
Senate Bill 43 was approved by both chambers, and the governor this past session. We're told no firm date is set for when staffers will be allowed to carry guns. Once a policy is approved, they'll be able to do so.
Why This May Not Be the Best Time for Trump to End Iran Deal
President Donald Trump warned Iran not to restart its nuclear program as French President Emmanuel Macron urged him to remain in the international agreement curbing the Islamic Republic's atomic efforts.
Trump made his differences with Macron clear from the outset of a state visit on Tuesday, beginning an Oval Office meeting by saying the Iran deal was “insane, ridiculous, should never have been made.”
The U.S. president also threatened Iran if it resumes its nuclear program, even if the international accord collapses and U.S. sanctions are re-enacted. “If they restart their nuclear program, they're going to have bigger problems than ever before,” Trump said.
Macron's office later issued a statement characterizing Trump's remarks as “‘the expression of strong positions.”
“We knew the topic was sensitive and was among the priorities of this state visit,” the statement said. It added that France would defend It's and Europe's positions on the Iran nuclear agreement, “which are -- we believe -- not incompatible with the U.S. concerns.”
May 12 Deadline
Trump plans to announce by a May 12 deadline whether or not the U.S. will remain in the multi-nation Iran nuclear deal reached in 2015. If the U.S. withdraws, Iran could accelerate its nuclear program or consider actions such as leaving the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. European leaders including Macron are seeking to convince Trump the world is safer with the deal than without it.
After meeting with Macron, Trump said the two leaders “really had some substantive talks on Iran, maybe more than anything else.”
The State Department has been negotiating with European allies on side agreements to the Iran deal that could address the Islamic Republic's ballistic missile program and its involvement in regional conflicts in Syria and Yemen. Iran has not indicated that it would sign onto any such agreement, however.
“We're looking forward to doing something but it has to be done, and it has to be done strongly, and they've very much been butchers and we can't allow that to happen,” Trump said of the nuclear agreement and Iran. “So we understand each other and we'll see how that comes out. And we could have at least an agreement among ourselves fairly quickly. I think we're fairly close to understanding each other.”
No European leader has a better relationship with the president, and Macron hopes to tap that goodwill to persuade Trump not to abandon an international agreement to curb Iran's nuclear program. He wasn't able to keep the U.S. president from backing out of the Paris climate accord, but has nonetheless urged Trump to stick to American commitments to reduce carbon pollution.
Side Agreements
Macron urged the president to consider the nuclear deal “in a wider regional context,” including the situation in Syria, where the U.S., France and the U.K. recently launched a joint strike to retaliate against the regime's use of chemical weapons on rebels.
“We have a common objective,” Macron said. “We want to make sure there's no escalation and no nuclear proliferation in the region. We now need to find the right path forward.”
Macron, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May have spent months coordinating with one another on the potential side agreements, which they hope will convince Trump to remain part of the agreement. They've discussed broader foreign policy arguments that could convince Trump it's in the U.S.'s interest to remain in the accord, as well as personal appeals to the president.
The state visit officially began Tuesday morning, with a ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House featuring 500 members of the U.S. Armed Forces. Cabinet secretaries, members of Congress, military families and students from a French immersion school in Maryland were invited to attend.
Macron took the occasion to urge Trump to maintain past U.S. commitments to joint action with allies.
“It is together that we can resist the rise of aggressive nationalisms that deny our history and divide the world,” Macron said in French, according to a translation. “It is together that we will build a new, strong multilateralism that defends pluralism and democracy in the face of ill winds.”
“We do not always agree on the solutions,” Macron said of climate change. “But it is also where the fate of our children is at stake.”
‘Enduring Friendship'
Trump welcomed Macron by celebrating “the wonderful friendship we have developed over the past year” which he said “is a testament to the enduring friendship” between the U.S. and France.
He predicted that Macron “is going to be a great president of France.”
Trump is delivering Macron the most lavish welcome for a foreign leader of his presidency so far, including his first state dinner. The fanfare is intended to rival Trump's reception in France last year, where he attended Bastille Day celebrations and was feted with a military parade along the Champs-Élysées and dinner at the Eiffel Tower.
On Monday evening, Trump, Macron and their wives toured Washington's monuments in the Marine One helicopter and landed at Mount Vernon, the home of George Washington, for a dinner.
The two leaders will hold a series of meetings Tuesday morning and a news conference ahead of dinner at the White House.
The state dinner Tuesday night will feature American food with French influences, including goat cheese gateau, rack of spring lamb, Carolina Gold rice jambalaya, and a nectarine tart and creme fraiche ice cream.
— With assistance by Helene Fouquet, and Alan Crawford
AN Opotiki College trust is seeking to raise $100,000 for school leavers.
This goal has been sparked by former student Jon Murie, who has gifted money to the school for the past three years, along with others from his year group, to create the Tu Kahikatea scholarship.
Opotiki College board of trustees members last week joined Eastern Bay Community Foundation (EBCF) members to formalise the Opotiki College Alumni Endowment Fund Charter.
“Our goal this year is to reach $100,000,” trustee Catriona White said.
“The aim of the fund is to grow the gifted capital and income distributed to the college to enhance student experiences, the school environment and educational resources.”
To make the scholarship sustainable, the fund can receive donations from all former students and members of the
community.
Mrs White said she hoped the fund could also be used for “special projects, capital items and activities that will enhance the learning opportunities and environment of students attending the school”, that could not be funded by the Government.
According to Mrs White, having the fund administered by the EBCF, the associated scholarship would be indefinitely sustainable, and the fund protected for the future, benefitting current and future students.
This also means changes to the board of trustees or senior management of the school would not affect the fund, and the school would benefit for the lifetime of the fund.
“If people want to set up an automatic payment, or give a ‘one-off' donation, anything will be accepted, and it is a great way to give back to the college and community,” said Mrs White.
All individual donations to the fund will be issued with a tax receipt and are tax deductible.
Donations can be made through the EBCF website, www.easternbaycommunityfoundation.nz or directly to the EBCF bank account, Kiwibank, 38 9012 0849993 00. Code: C 0618. Ref: OPOTIKI, Particulars: (Name of Donor).
This interview will be on "St. Louis on the Air" at noon on Monday; this story will be updated after the show. You can listen live.
On Monday's St. Louis on the Air, host Don Marsh will discuss cybersecurity issues in light of the recent hacking of Equifax, one of three major credit reporting agencies in the United States. Nearly 146 million Americans were impacted by the data breach that involved social security numbers, birthdates and other personal information.
Joining him for the discussion will be:
Shaji Khan, Assistant Professor of Information Systems, University of Missouri-St. Louis
Maurice Dawson, Assistant Professor of Information Systems & Fulbright Scholar, University of Missouri-St. Louis
St. Louis on the Air brings you the stories of St. Louis and the people who live, work and create in our region. St. Louis on the Air host Don Marsh and producers Mary Edwards, Alex Heuer and Kelly Moffitt give you the information you need to make informed decisions and stay in touch with our diverse and vibrant St. Louis region.
The Race for the LGC Club Champion's Cup begins
The month of February is set to be packed with excitement and events as the Lusignan Golf Club hosts the first of ten (10) club tournaments designed to measure the best players in Guyana as they compete for points all year in an effort to put their name in the record books. The battle begins today at 7:30 am in an effort to ensure that all players have no excuse not to participate and points will be assigned to the top players over the next ten months. At stake is the Top Golfer, Best Gross and Best Net ranking at the Lusignan Golf Club which comes with the perks of the BIG trophy, assigned parking space, hampers and prizes and of course…a full year of bragging rights!
On Sunday Feb 11, members of the CARICOM Secretariat along with more than 30 women will converge on the Club's grounds to enjoy an introduction to the game on the newly revamped grounds and indulge in wine tasting, poetry, photo ops and much much more. Students from the University of Guyana will also be there as they continue their quest to master the game of golf, referred to as the sport of kings!
February 18th will see hundreds of visitors and families descend on the course as the Club hosts its first GreenSome of 2018 with delicious barbque and more than $100,000 in prizes to be won. Lots of fun will be had as members team up to play the best ball tournament and then all join together to share their secret recipes with visitors. Tickets are just $1,000 and can be obtained from any member or by calling the Club.
Thanks to sponsors such as Trophy Stall, Kissoons, Banks DIH, Mccorp, Vish Trading, Continental Group, Assuria, Nand Persaud, Ansa Mcal, Scotia Bank, to name a few, who have contributed in the years past and have already committed to the success of the Club in 2018, this promises to be an exciting year for golf.
For more information on how you can learn the game, how to become a member or just simply walk the exquisitely manicured grounds, call 220-560/645-0944; mail [email protected] or visit us on Facebook Lusignangolf.
QUETTA, Pakistan — The death toll from a suicide bombing at a Shiite shrine in the country's southwest increased to 24 after four victims died at a hospital overnight, police said Saturday.
A suicide bomber struck the shrine packed with worshippers in a remote village in Jhal Magsi district, about 400 kilometres (240 miles) east of Quetta in Baluchistan province on Thursday.
Senior police officer Mohammad Iqbal said that more than 20 victims were still receiving treatment, some with critical wounds.
The bomber detonated his explosives vest when he was stopped for a routine search by a police officer guarding the shrine. Five children, a woman and two police officers were among those killed.
The Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the attack. The IS has claimed responsibility for several past attacks in Baluchistan, which has been the scene of a low-level insurgency by Baluch nationalists and separatists demanding more autonomy and a greater share in the region's natural resources of oil and gas.
Sunni extremists and the IS perceive minority Shiites as apostates and have carried out many such attacks across the country.
At least 75 Shiites were killed in twin bombings at a market in Parachinar in the country's northwest In June this year. Lashkar-e-Jhangvi, a sectarian Sunni extremist group, claimed responsibility.
In February, an Islamic State group suicide bomber struck inside a famed Sufi shrine in southern Sindh province, killing 88 worshippes engaged in ‘Dhamal,' a devotional dance.
Also on Saturday in Baluchistan, at least 13 people were killed and 20 others wounded when a passenger van collided head on with a bus on a highway near the provincial capital of Quetta.
Muqeem Baig, a spokesman for Quetta's main hospital, said victims were brought to the hospital from the accident site some 20 miles (32 kilometres) south of the city. Such accidents are common in Pakistan, where motorists often disregard traffic rules and safety standards.
FAIRBORN — Renaissance Services in Fairborn has established a division that specializes in 3D printing. Known as the Perfect-3D Division, it performs a variety of 3D printing, but specializes in printing of ceramic components, primarily for the investment casting industry.
“We've been printing ceramics for nearly five years,” said Renaissance Co-Founder Robert Morris. “It was time to raise the status of this activity and give it the emphasis it deserves. We recently moved the operation from Cleveland to Fairborn, Ohio, establishing a fully-integrated operation to go from raw material to finished component.”
Perfect-3D produces ceramic cores, molds and filters for use by foundries that produce investment castings for aerospace and defense aircraft, engines and support equipment. An area of particular interest is castings for “legacy” military systems that no longer have readily available sources for castings used to produce key components, including gearboxes and housings. Morris notes that Renaissance and Perfect- 3D have received contracts from military agencies to seek reduced cost and lead times.
“These castings often have scant technical data and tooling no longer exists,” Morris said. “New tooling typically costs six-figures, taking months to produce. Our concept of ‘CAD as tooling' produces a ceramic mold using our own patent pending process. We then work with foundries to produce castings just like the original, filling a critical cost and lead time gap. We recently worked with a production foundry to go from CAD model to a finished legacy engine gearbox casting in 26 days. Contrast this with the two year lead times that we regularly hear about from the military sustainment community.”
Perfect-3D relies on expertise of chemistry industry leader BASF and foundries across the country. Each foundry brings an important capability to the effort, including the ability to work with a wide range of materials, including aluminum, magnesium and nickel-based alloys. Perfect-3D produces the components on the equipment at its facility in Fairborn.
“We use materials from BASF and Prodways ProMaker L5000 3D printing machines to generate the ceramic molds,” Morris said. “We purchased ProMaker L5000 serial number one from Prodways three years ago and have had a very successful relationship. When considering equipment options for printing ceramics, we found Prodways equipment to be the best value, offering leading edge technical capability and durability.”
Morris cites BASF as a key partner,
“BASF is our exclusive source for the photopolymer resins that are combined with ceramic material to enable our 3D printing of ceramic components,” he said. “BASF has supported us with R&D resources, materials and expertise to continually find better solutions and grow our capability.”
Morris said the Perfect-3D Division represents a commitment by Renaissance to its current and prospective customers.
“We want the industry to know that we are in this for the long haul and that the Perfect-3D Division offers a one-stop-shop that is singularly focused on 3D printed cores, molds, and filters,” Morris said.
Fairborn Daily Herald
Story courtesy of Renaissance Services.
Story courtesy of Renaissance Services.
BERGAMO, Italy (AP) — Gonzalo Higuain and Gianluigi Buffon combined to help Juventus beat Atalanta 1-0 for a crucial away victory in the first leg of their Italian Cup semifinal on Tuesday.
After three minutes on a foggy night, Higuain finished off a counterattack by dribbling around a defender and scoring from the center of the area.
"It was important to score and also keep a clean sheet," Higuain said. "We took a big step toward the final."
Midway through the first half, the video assistant referee awarded Atalanta a penalty for a handball by Medhi Benatia, but Buffon guessed correctly and lunged to his left to smother Alejandro "Papu" Gomez's spot kick.
Two days earlier, Buffon celebrated his 40th birthday.
Juventus is aiming to win its fourth straight Italian Cup while Atalanta is looking to reach the final for the first time in 22 years, since losing in 1996 to Fiorentina.
In the quarterfinals, Atalanta eliminated Napoli.
AC Milan hosts Lazio in the other semifinal Wednesday.
The return legs are scheduled for Feb. 28.
(AP Photo/John Bazemore). Atlanta Falcons running back Devonta Freeman (24) runs to join the running backs for drills during an NFL football practice Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Flowery Branch, Ga.
(Curtis Compton/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP). Atlanta Falcons safety Quincey Mauger clowns around with defensive end Takkarist McKinley during an NFL football practice Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Flowery Branch, Ga.
By PAUL NEWBERRY
AP Sports Writer
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. (AP) - Matt Ryan barked out a play, took the snap and zipped a pass to the receiver who played his college ball at Alabama.
Nope, it wasn't Julio Jones.
He's sitting out the team's voluntary offseason program. So it was Calvin Ridley - a first-round draft pick from the Crimson Tide - who got a chance to shine during a 90-minute practice Wednesday.
But, for a team with Super Bowl aspirations, it was impossible to ignore the absence of No. 11.
So, where's Julio?
The Falcons say it's no big deal, even as they talk constantly about the importance building camaraderie and trust in each other during the voluntary offseason workouts, a big part of coach Dan Quinn's much-ballyhooed "Brotherhood ."
Jones said his absence has nothing to do with any hard feelings toward the only team he's played with in the NFL, but he's vague about his reasons for staying away and it seems fairly obvious that he's trying to send a message about his desire for a new contract.
While Jones still has three seasons remaining on the last deal he signed - a five-year, $71.3 million extension with $47 million in guaranteed money - his average salary is now less than at least a half-dozen receivers around the league. Most tellingly, recent deals with Tampa Bay's Mike Evans and Cleveland's Jarvis Landry seemed to set a whole new financial bar for the NFL's top pass catchers, a list that certainly includes Jones.
In addition, he surely took note when the Falcons made quarterback Matt Ryan the league's NFL's first $100 million man , agreeing to a new deal that assures the quarterback of at least that much in guaranteed money and could average out to as much as $30 million annually over five seasons.
Rarely flustered, Ryan got a bit testy when asked about missing out on a chance to work with his favorite receiver during OTAs.
"We'll have our chances to work together," the QB said. "I'm not going to go into it more than that. It's not really anybody else's business."
Jones has gone silent on social media and hasn't spoken in months to the Atlanta media, but he did provide some reassuring words to Falcons fans when the gossip site TMZ caught up with him last weekend as he was leaving a swanky restaurant in West Hollywood .
"Everyone wants a story right now. There's no story to be told," Jones insisted. "I'm just working on getting myself better. I'm just working on myself right now. That's all that is. There's no bad blood between me and the team or anything like that."
Jones insisted that he plans to remain with the Falcons for the rest of his career, echoing a sentiment expressed by owner Arthur Blank.
"Everybody on the outside (is) trying to look in and trying to destroy what we built there," Jones said. "I'm not going anywhere. I'll be there. I love the team. I love the organization. I love everybody there. I'm good."
Still, Jones' decision to skip OTAs has been a major topic of conversation around Atlanta, with fans and sports talk radio weighing in almost daily on his future with a team that reached the Super Bowl during the 2016 season and the second round of the playoffs last season.
Everyone can rest easy, Quinn insisted.
Jones has assured his coach that he'll be at the team's mandatory minicamp, which is scheduled for June 12-14.
"The guys who are really close to him, obviously they keep up," Quinn said outside the locker room after practice. "It's not like they don't hang out and talk on the phone and do stuff together. They may not be spending the amount of time here, in the building, that they normally do. But that doesn't mean they don't spend time away from here. So, no issues on our end.
"I know he's working really hard. I've had contact with him, obviously. We can't wait to get him back, here, with the guys. But he's really putting good work in. I think we'll see the results of that work, hopefully soon."
The 29-year-old Jones is a huge weapon in the Falcons' offense , using his rare combination of speed, size and power to shake off constant double-teams. Last season, he had 88 catches for 1,444 yards - his fourth straight season with at least 80 receptions and 1,400 receiving yards. In 2015, he had one of the greatest seasons ever by an NFL receiver - 136 catches (tied for the second most in league history behind Marvin Harrison's 143) and 1,871 yards (surpassed only by Calvin Johnson's record of 1,954) .
Ryan certainly recognizes the bond he has with his favorite receiver.
They've been together since 2011. They won't be any trouble getting back in sync, Ryan said confidently.
As soon as Jones shows up, that is.
"No concern," Ryan said. "He's always been extremely well prepared coming into seasons, going into games. Talk about being on the same page: we've played together for a long time. When he's healthy and he feels good , like he does right now ... it's very easy to get on the same page. He's so talented. So, we're fine."
___
Follow Paul Newberry on Twitter at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
___
For more AP NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Boeing Co.'s stock surged 1.5% in afternoon trade Monday, to provide the biggest boost to the Dow Jones Industrial Average , after reports that the aerospace and defense giant was cutting more jobs. The stock's price gain of $2.62 was adding 18 points to the Dow, which was up 132 points. The second-biggest boost was from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. shares, which rose $1.76 to add 12 points to the Dow. Boeing was planning “hundreds” of more involuntary job cuts, focused on engineers at Seattle manufacturing plants, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing a staff memo. The notices will be issued on Friday, the WSJ report said. The company has already accepted about 1,800 voluntary buyouts, but said it needed to cut more jobs to meet its operating plan, the WSJ report said. Boeing's stock has rallied 15% year to date, while the Dow has gained 4.2%.
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.
Overweight women suffer major discrimination in the workplace.
Jobs site Fairygodboss recently carried out a survey of 500 hiring professionals, who were shown a picture of an overweight woman and asked if they'd consider employing her. Only 15.6 percent of them said that they would. Plus, one in five hiring personnel characterized the woman as “lazy,” and slightly more — 21 percent — called her “unprofessional.”
This is particularly troubling for much of America's female workforce. Indeed, nearly four in 10 adult women (38.3 percent) are obese, according to government data — a higher percentage than for men (34.3 percent.) And even more are overweight, meaning that about two out of three women in America are overweight or obese.
“There are several decades of research evidence demonstrating weight bias in the context of employment and what we see is evidence of bias at essentially every stage of the hiring and employment cycle,” said Dr. Rebecca Puhl, deputy director of the University of Connecticut's Rudd Center for Food Policy & Obesity. “Weight bias is very prevalent and, in a lot of ways, is socially acceptable,” Puhl added.
What's more, “the standards for physical appearance are stricter for women than men. Women are more likely to be evaluated on their physical appearance,” says Dr. Kelly Brownell, the dean of the Sanford School of Public Policy at Duke University. This, he explains, makes it even harder for overweight or obese women to contend with recruiters' prejudicial biases against them.
Radio personality Shavonne Patrice Owens, 37, says she experienced weight discrimination firsthand when she applied for a daycare job in Huntsville, Alabama, two years ago. Despite having all the qualifications for the job, Owens says her friend — a former employee of the daycare center in question (whose employment later terminated) — told her the reason she was ultimately passed over for the job was because of her weight.
A company official allegedly told Owens' friend, “We decided not to hire her because she's too big,” Owens told Moneyish.
Owens, who was 525 pounds at 5'11” at the time of her interview with the daycare center, said that this incident “hurt for a second, just for a second… but I know who I am and because of my weight, it has restricted me from a lot of things.” Looking back, she said she's lost out on other career opportunities (such as jobs in retail that would have required prolonged periods of standing) and she suspects her size was working against her.
“I'm a big girl, but I'm not lazy… [Overweight people] are humans, not whales,” Owens countered, adding that: “I really hope that people in the future that are interviewing people [realize that] we're all still human.”
Puhl noted that there are many reasons why people are overweight — and the assumption that laziness to blame is folly.
“That's a very oversimplified notion and it relies on the idea that a person's body size indicates all of their health behaviors. There are many people who have a BMI in the overweight range who are healthier than individuals that have a lower BMI,” Puhl asserted. “You do not know if [a candidate] abuses substances or smokes marijuana, their sleeping habits, you don't know if they're sedentary,” she said, yet hiring managers routinely ignore all of those possibilities and focus exclusively on candidates' size.
Being overweight or obese doesn't just make the process of landing job more difficult for women; it can also restrict their earning potential. A 2010 study published in the Journal of Applied Psychology found that “very heavy” women banked $19,000 less than their peers of “average weight,” while “very thin” women earned a dramatic $22,000 more per year. What's more, a weight gain of 25 pounds was found to be linked to an annual salary decrease of $14,000 per year.
Experts say that weight discrimination runs rampant because of the almost nonexistent legislation protecting people who are overweight and obese from this kind of hiring prejudice. “Weight is not a protected status under the federal or state laws,” said employment attorney Jon Stage, of South Florida law firm Hodkin Stage Ward. “Until protection is enacted… at the local, state, or federal level, these people have a very difficult road ahead of them.”
LONDON: British workers' earnings after inflation are shrinking at the fastest pace since 2014, underscoring the economic challenge facing a weakened Prime Minister Theresa May as the squeeze on consumers tightens faster than expected, data showed.
While a joint record-high proportion of Britons are employed, the fall in real-terms wage growth pointed to tougher times ahead for consumers, the main drivers of economic growth.
Inflation hit an almost four-year high of 2.9 percent in May, fueled by the fall in the pound since last year's Brexit vote and adding to the strain on household budgets, according to data published on Tuesday.
Wednesday's wage figures suggest there will be no let-up soon.
Workers' total earnings including bonuses after taking inflation into account fell by an annual 0.4 percent in the three months to April after edging up 0.1 percent in the first quarter.
That marked the biggest real-terms drop since the three months to September 2014, potentially adding to speculation that the government might loosen its grip on public spending to help steer Britain's economy away from a slowdown.
The squeeze on earnings is also likely to add to the view among the majority of Bank of England (BoE) officials to leave interest rates on hold when they announce their latest policy statement on Thursday.
Sterling hit a day's low against the dollar after the data, while British government bond prices rallied.
“Unless the government gets its act together, we will soon be in the middle of another cost of living crisis,” said Frances O'Grady, general secretary of the Trades Union Congress (TUC).
May is still trying to strike a deal with a small Northern Irish party that will give her enough votes in parliament to allow her government to pass legislation, after losing her majority in a botched national election last week.
Britain's economy has been resilient to political uncertainty since last June's Brexit vote. But growth slowed sharply at the start of this year as the rise in inflation driven by the post-referendum fall in the pound began to bite.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said the unemployment rate in the period between February and April held steady at a more than four-decade low of 4.6 percent, in line with the median forecast in a Reuters poll of economists.
In nominal terms, wages grew at the slowest pace since February 2016, rising an annual 2.1 percent in the three months to April and slowing from 2.3 percent in the first quarter.
Economists taking part in a Reuters poll had expected wage growth of 2.4 percent.
“The wage figures are astonishingly weak,” said Samuel Tombs, an economist at consultancy Pantheon Macroeconomics.
The wage numbers jarred with the picture of strong jobs growth but appeared consistent with signs of rising underemployment, Tombs said.
The ONS revised its data for wages to improve the methodology for earnings from small businesses, resulting in lower estimates for wage levels but little change overall to growth rates.
Excluding bonuses, nominal earnings rose by 1.7 percent year-on-year, the weakest increase since January 2015 and against expectations for a 2 percent rise.
The BoE is watching wage growth closely as it gauges whether the increase in inflation is creating longer-lasting pressure on prices. It expects wages to rise by 2 percent this year before picking up in 2018 and 2019.
The central bank is widely expected to keep interest rates at their record low of 0.25 percent on Thursday.
The number of people in work increased by 109,000 in the three months to April, taking the employment rate to 74.8 percent, a joint record high, the ONS said.
LONDON: British workers' earnings after inflation are shrinking at the fastest pace since 2014, underscoring the economic challenge facing a weakened Prime Minister Theresa May as the squeeze on consumers tightens faster than expected, data showed.
While a joint record-high proportion of Britons are employed, the fall in real-terms wage growth pointed to tougher times ahead for consumers, the main drivers of economic growth.
Inflation hit an almost four-year high of 2.9 percent in May, fueled by the fall in the pound since last year's Brexit vote and adding to the strain on household budgets, according to data published on Tuesday.
Wednesday's wage figures suggest there will be no let-up soon.
Workers' total earnings including bonuses after taking inflation into account fell by an annual 0.4 percent in the three months to April after edging up 0.1 percent in the first quarter.
That marked the biggest real-terms drop since the three months to September 2014, potentially adding to speculation that the government might loosen its grip on public spending to help steer Britain's economy away from a slowdown.
The squeeze on earnings is also likely to add to the view among the majority of Bank of England (BoE) officials to leave interest rates on hold when they announce their latest policy statement on Thursday.
Sterling hit a day's low against the dollar after the data, while British government bond prices rallied.
“Unless the government gets its act together, we will soon be in the middle of another cost of living crisis,” said Frances O'Grady, general secretary of the Trades Union Congress (TUC).
May is still trying to strike a deal with a small Northern Irish party that will give her enough votes in parliament to allow her government to pass legislation, after losing her majority in a botched national election last week.
Britain's economy has been resilient to political uncertainty since last June's Brexit vote. But growth slowed sharply at the start of this year as the rise in inflation driven by the post-referendum fall in the pound began to bite.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said the unemployment rate in the period between February and April held steady at a more than four-decade low of 4.6 percent, in line with the median forecast in a Reuters poll of economists.
In nominal terms, wages grew at the slowest pace since February 2016, rising an annual 2.1 percent in the three months to April and slowing from 2.3 percent in the first quarter.
Economists taking part in a Reuters poll had expected wage growth of 2.4 percent.
“The wage figures are astonishingly weak,” said Samuel Tombs, an economist at consultancy Pantheon Macroeconomics.
The wage numbers jarred with the picture of strong jobs growth but appeared consistent with signs of rising underemployment, Tombs said.
The ONS revised its data for wages to improve the methodology for earnings from small businesses, resulting in lower estimates for wage levels but little change overall to growth rates.
Excluding bonuses, nominal earnings rose by 1.7 percent year-on-year, the weakest increase since January 2015 and against expectations for a 2 percent rise.
The BoE is watching wage growth closely as it gauges whether the increase in inflation is creating longer-lasting pressure on prices. It expects wages to rise by 2 percent this year before picking up in 2018 and 2019.
The central bank is widely expected to keep interest rates at their record low of 0.25 percent on Thursday.
The number of people in work increased by 109,000 in the three months to April, taking the employment rate to 74.8 percent, a joint record high, the ONS said.
An ammunition dealer who has acknowledged selling hundreds of rounds of tracer bullets to a gunman responsible for killing 58 people in Las Vegas was charged on Friday with conspiracy to make and sell armor-piercing ammunition without a license.
Douglas Haig, 55, of the Phoenix suburb of Mesa, Arizona, became the first person arrested and charged in connection with the Oct. 1 massacre, which ended when the perpetrator, Stephen Paddock, killed himself.
But Haig told a news conference at the office of his attorney on Friday that none of the surplus military ammunition he sold Paddock in September was ever fired during the killing spree, which ranks as the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history. Nearly 500 people were injured.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
For the second straight time, freshman Marcus LoVett was named the Big East Freshman of the Week, an honor already claimed by classmate and St. John's teammate Shamorie Ponds four times this season.
The talented young guards — two of the conference's top-six scorers — have superseded their hype, consistently carrying the Red Storm after one of the worst seasons in school history. It already is apparent the backcourt could soon be the Big East's best because each player is selfless enough to defer to teammates and confident enough to want the ball in his hands.
But the Red Storm finally are getting a glimpse of the potential in their frontcourt, too.
Entering Wednesday's game at No. 24 Butler (19-6, 8-6), St. John's (12-14, 6-7) has won two of its past three games — over Marquette and Seton Hall — with 6-foot-11 Tariq Owens sparking two of the team's best all-around performances of the season.
Owens, who leads the Big East with 2.4 blocks per game, recorded his second career double-double (10 points, 12 rebounds) and had four blocks in a season-high 34 minutes during Saturday's win over the Pirates. In the upset of Marquette, Owens had 11 rebounds and three blocks.
“I'm not saying other games I wasn't going hard, but after talking to my dad and talking to the coaches, I felt like there was another gear that I could give to the team,” Owens said Tuesday. “I felt like I could bring more to the table than I was. … These last few games, I've just been trying to take it up another notch. Things are coming together now.”
Even Owens has been “a little surprised” by his play. Sitting out last season after transferring from Tennessee, the redshirt sophomore wasn't sure what he could accomplish this season.
“Some of my expectations I just blew out the water,” Owens said. “A lot has changed since the beginning of the year and I now know what the coaches expect from me. I know what's expected of me from my teammates as well. I'm an energy guy. I bring the energy. I bring the talk. … That's just kind of been my role through the years and that's a role I have here. I try and do whatever I can to help the team win. If it's to score, then I'll score, if not, just to get rebounds, I'll just be chasing rebounds all night.”
Looking to stun the Bulldogs for the second time this season, Owens stressed his need to have another big game on the glass, where St. John's small frontline has been abused for large stretches of the season.
As the only player taller than 6'8 seeing consistent minutes, the slender Maryland native realizes the impact his play in the paint can have.
“We have a lot of players who are offensively gifted, so I try to focus on the smaller things,” Owens said. “I've been trying to grab more rebounds because a lot of times we lose the rebounding battle, [and] that is reflected on the scoreboard for sure.”
Via | HipHopDX
R&B's resident bad boy Chris Brown is closing out the year with another accomplishment to add to his list. On Wednesday (December 6), Brown took to Twitter to reveal he's received over three dozen plaques from the RIAA this year.
“40 PLAQUES THIS YEAR!,” he wrote. “Today the RIAA released 23 more certified platinum and gold plaques that included 12 x multi platinum singles. 74.5 million single and album sales just in the US.”
READ MORE
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Image copyright Lazar Wall Image caption Staff at this Rio de Janeiro petrol station tell queues of drivers that they have run out of fuel
How long would you wait for petrol?
Would you queue for an hour just to fill up your tank? How about queuing at many different petrol stations only to find some are out of fuel entirely?
This is the reality that has faced many Brazilians as petrol stations are only now beginning to recover from a fuel shortage that brought much of Brazil to a standstill.
Lorry drivers are striking in the South American country over the rising cost of fuel, with diesel prices nearly doubling since 2016.
The protests led to mass queues at petrol stations, with one person telling the BBC that they travelled to three petrol stations before finding one that had any fuel.
'People are buying up all the petrol'
Image copyright Paolita Gonzalez Image caption Paolita Gonzalez shared this photo of queues outside a petrol station in Rondonia, Brazil
Paolita Gonzalez was able to see the situation in gas stations across Brazil as she travelled on a bus from Lima to São Paulo.
"People are protesting in the streets," she said. "They're buying up all the petrol.
"We went to three petrol stations today before finding one that wasn't completely out of fuel. And 10 minutes after our arrival a swarm of people showed up to create a line of 20 cars and 40 bikes.
"When they find a petrol station that still has fuel, swarms of people show up with their vehicles buying as much as they can.
"We have seen this at many petrol stations on our journey."
'Only 15% of stations have petrol'
Image copyright Lazar Wall Image caption Lazar Wall shared this photo of an empty petrol station in Rio de Janeiro - over 1,500 miles away from Rondonia
Lazar Wall is in the Ipanema neighbourhood of Rio de Janeiro.
He described the situation as "slowly going back to normal" as petrol stations are being replenished, and explained that local media in Rio is reporting only 15% of petrol stations now have fuel.
"Cheaper petrol is selling out immediately," he said. "Personally I can't stray too much from local tube stations because my car is running on empty.
"Vehicle traffic on the streets has been scarce, making these days look like a World Cup match when everybody's at home watching TV.
"Grocery store shelves are getting empty, especially of vegetables and fruits."
Strike garners support online
One commentator tweeted the relative improvement in people's lives since the fuel crisis began.
Skip Twitter post by @coreh So Brazil is currently facing a fuel supply crisis. Within *5 days* everyone has already joined a carpool group, is working from home or walking/cycling to work. Air quality has drastically improved and traffic jams are *gone*. I'm starting to wish gas prices would remain high. — Marco Buono (@coreh) May 29, 2018 Report
The lorry drivers' strike has yet to conclude.
Brazilians have shown their support online by tweeting #EuApoioAGreveDosCaminhoneiros - which can be translated as "I support the truckers' strike" - with over 500,000 tweets sent using the hashtag.
Such tweets include a powerful video of striking drivers singing the Brazilian national anthem whilst on their knees, as well as lighter footage of people playing music to support the strike on the roadside.
And one person shared pictures of drivers who transport perishable food donating their cargo to charity rather than letting it spoil in the heat.
By Victoria Park & Tom Gerken, BBC UGC & Social News
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
ERIN, Wis. – It's a common refrain among many golf fans: That a course — let alone one hosting a major championship — can never be truly great unless it features a spectacular finishing hole. In that department, Erin Hills' closing par-5 18th fits that bill to perfection.
First off, it's a monster. A serious monster. It's a 637 yard par-5 that officials can shorten to just north of 600 yards, or extend all the way back to 670 yards. That ability to change the yardage of a hole so drastically means players will never really figure out a blueprint to playing it.
The hole slopes pretty severely from right to left and boasts waves of undulations between within the fairway itself. Keep it in the short stuff, and there's the potential for never-ending roll. Get hung up in the rough on the right or down on the left, and you won't just be facing an impossible lie. You'll be trying to hack it out from a very awkward stance.
The green itself is elevated and protected by a series of bunkers. There's intermediate rough outside of that, followed by the really heavy stuff.
It poses an interesting problem for players. Hit it in the fairway and you'll have the option to go for it in two shots, but if you don't execute that shot well, you could be facing a seriously difficult third shot. Even if you lay up, you're surrounded by so many traps that you'll be punished for anything less than a very good shot.
It is, simply put, a really good closing hole. Eagle (maybe), birdie, par, bogey and more are all feasibly in play, so if the tournament does come down to the final hole, expect fireworks. After all, we all know what happened the last time the U.S. Open finished on a par-5…
Anyone looking to experience God in a brand-new way will soon have his or her chance — virtually.
Believe VR, is a new immersive faith-based virtual reality experience for people of color. The experience is part of a larger project created by L. Michelle Media called Mission VR.
"The idea for Believe VR came from our passion to enhance current Christian programming options," L. Michelle Salvant, the company's founder, told NBCBLK. "When Mission VR began, we knew we wanted to create a signature virtual reality environment - a faith world of sorts - where dynamic, never before seen, Christian lifestyle stories and experiences could have a home."
Viewers will get a firsthand experience of what it means to 'believe' through various real life situations, said Salvant.
Demos of the Believe environment are slated for Easter weekend with an official launch this spring. The first "experience" to be released is called the Nicky Collins Experience.
The Nicky Collins Experience follows the real life of Nicky Collins, a female ministry leader, through her battle with breast cancer from her pre-breast cancer diagnosis, to surgery, breast reconstruction and beyond.
Dr. Nicky E. Collins is shown leaving the hospital after her mastectomy. This footage will be shown as part of her healing experience set to debut in Believe VR. LMichelleMedia
"The experience showcases how Nicky balances ministry, family and just overall life in between," Salvant said. "We will likely have a vetting process for future experiences, which will all follow the Nicky Collins model of showcasing an issue that has severely affected one's life and forced them to believe."
Collins, who co-pastors Higher Dimension Church in Tallahassee, FL with her husband Pastor Carlos Collins, said she got involved with the project because of her commitment to ministry.
"I like trying new and innovative ways to get my messages out," Collins told NBCBLK. "My prayer is that people will hear my story through VR [and be empowered; especially] those who wouldn't normally [have the chance] through other mainstream media realms."
Nicky Collins Courtesy of L.Michelle.co
Salvant and Collins' relationship stems back 14 years. It was Collins' openness that led Salvant to involve Collins.
"Up until now, we've only been able to watch Christianity from a third-person perspective - preached sermons, music videos, interviews, even reality shows like Mary Mary and Preachers of LA/Atlanta," she said. "Without hesitation, Nicky [has allowed others] to experience an intimate side of her life firsthand. This is the future of Christian programming."
Participants immerse themselves in these virtual reality experiences through a 360-view (similar to the way we experience Google Street View) by way of VR headsets. These experiences range from YouTube videos to virtual reality applications that feature educational and recreational activities like visiting a virtual aquarium, riding a virtual rollercoaster and even experiencing the Bible virtually.
Could virtual reality be the next big thing in modern worship?
Rev. William H. Lamar, IV, pastor of Metropolitan African Methodist Church in Washington, D.C. has his suspicions. He's concerned that projects like Mission VR and Believe VR could further promote religious separation.
Rev. William H. Lamar IV, pastor of Metropolitan African Methodist Episcopal Church in Washington, D.C. preaching during the morning worship service on September 28, 2014. Walter Morris
"For Christians, being in fellowship with one another spiritually and physically is vitally important," he told NBCBLK. "Virtual reality worlds, which may take people from community and from the incarnational aspects of Christian life could be potentially dangerous."
Rev. Lamar wants to be clear - he is not against technology. He references the AME church's founder, Richard Allen, as a leader who utilized technology to advance the church and its mission.
"Allen used technology, technology of the printing press, to spread political dissent against white supremacy as well as other important denominational documents as needed," he said. "However, we always run a very serious risk that the medium overtakes the message. Technology should be used as the handmaiden of a liberating gospel. What we must do is guard against the use of technology through market logic where people become brands and all things spiritual become commoditized."
Mission VR
Collins, on the other hand, is convinced Believe VR will add on and help expand the reach of the Christian church by expanding the message and tenets of Christianity beyond traditional and conventional methods.
Salvant is excited to be leading the effort. They are working to have Believe VR available as a free mobile app at its launch. They are sure their early adopters will more than likely millennials and those most comfortable with technology.
"But the project will not be limited to them. My 68-year old Mom is waiting excitedly for Believe VR to come," she said. "I can say, we have truly done something that is groundbreaking and we hope opens the door for much more to come."
Adam Payne, 12, has profound physical and developmental disabilities and major work was needed on his social housing home if he was to continue living there. After nine years of fighting, and after having to be separated from his family, he will finally be given the money. This is the full story.
At her lowest point, Koli Begum took her son to the hospital where he was born. Not because he was ill, but because she had run out of options. She had nowhere else to go.
Adam Payne, 12, is paraplegic, blind, and autistic; he has epilepsy, cerebral palsy, and a learning disability; he is fed through a tube and cannot talk or walk. But he has quality of life and a personality: He smiles and laughs and enjoys listening to conversation, music, and football. Begum, 35, had been fighting for nine years for the local council to upgrade the family's housing association home – she knew a day would come when Adam could no longer live there without significant structural work and expensive equipment. But the council repeatedly said it wasn't possible. Then last year, after an operation meant he could no longer live at home on medical advice, Adam was separated from his parents while a solution was found. Begum was distraught and felt that her family was being destroyed. Things looked bleak. But BuzzFeed News can now reveal the full unlikely story of how one woman's fight for her son's rights eventually turned the tables in her favour and how, after a long battle, the authorities relented to a mother desperate to improve her son's life and stay in social housing, granting her £220,000 to make it happen. This story could only be reported after BuzzFeed News won its own legal battle against an anonymity order made in an earlier case in the High Court, where a judge ordered that Adam could only be referred to as "AP." In a submission to the High Court's administrative division, lawyers for BuzzFeed News argued that the public interest issues outweighed the court's concerns about his privacy because the case was emblematic of a much wider struggle facing disabled children across the country. They can be separated from loved ones and moved far away, all because the right care isn't available in their area or their home can't be suitably modified. We argued that decisions of this nature, about someone's entire future, should be subjected to wider scrutiny. The judge agreed.
Begum does not take no for an answer. An effervescent Londoner who apologises for talking nonstop, she is a one-woman whirlwind. And she was kicking up a fuss as soon as Adam arrived in 2005. He was born brain damaged, and she still feels bitter about the level of support the family were offered – she claimed that, for the first 10 months of his life, apart from health visitors, there was no specialist help. “We spent so much of our lives going in and out of hospital appointments, I just hit a brick wall. And there's me thinking I'm going to be a professional dancer, but it didn't quite turn out like that,” she said, as BuzzFeed News met her and Adam in September last year near the hospital where he was staying in Archway, North London. “I accepted my situation but I couldn't accept the lack of respect, the lack of communication, the lack of honesty and integrity. I thought, 'he's done nothing wrong. I've done nothing wrong.'" After another fight, the family were given social housing with Sanctuary Housing, a housing association in 2009, in Tottenham, North London. “We were really pleased, it was a lifetime home. It had wide doors, it was much better. But straight away I said to them [the housing association], ‘I'm not being funny but this isn't going to last long-term.' “They went, ‘No no no, don't be ridiculous, Miss Begum. We'll get you the disabled facilities and you can tweak it, you can get a grant.' But it didn't turn out like that. The minute I asked for a grant they [the council] were up in arms.” Begum claims she was told that the authorities were concerned that, if her request was granted, other families would expect the same treatment. “Then we asked for ramps for the back door. They gave me two planks of wood. I'm not lying. The fifth richest country in the world gives us two planks of wood? When we first used it – and he was in a smaller wheelchair then – it snapped. Straight away I got a legal team because I knew something was wrong.” Undeterred, Begum began canvassing the council to provide the cash for improvements and for the housing association to carry them out. At a meeting convened by the family's local MP, David Lammy, in September 2016, it was agreed by the family and the council that dual planning would take place to find Adam a residential placement and to explore whether improvements could be made to the house. But moving the refurbishment project beyond the conceptual stage never seemed to happen. “The problem with disability culture is everyone thinks they know how to tell the other person how to live their life,” she said. “The OT [occupational therapist] said to me, ‘I'm not being funny Koli, but what you're asking for is too much.' I said it would be too much if it had no relation to his medical situation. She was like ‘the [council] department know what they're doing.'” Meanwhile, Adam's medical situation was deteriorating. And his parents were stuck in a miscommunication and organisation loop with the NHS, never fully understanding his long-term plan. “People think, ‘Look, they've got the DLA [disability living allowance], they've got social services, they've got this, they've got that.' They think there's a really good infrastructure in place. But the infrastructure is dysfunctional! No one talks to each other,” Begum said. Throughout all this, Begum believes she has faced discrimination because she is a Muslim woman – so much so that she even changed her appearance and no longer wears her veil. She said she once spent hours in a hospital waiting room because the staff didn't think to ask her if she was Adam's mum. “The hospital had a problem with me being ‘Adam Payne's mum'. We went for blood tests and it takes hours and hours of waiting, and people would come up looking for the most Caucasian person like yourself and say ‘Adam Payne?' and this woman would be like ‘No, I'm Danny's mum'.
Advertisement
“I ended up wearing a handkerchief scarf, but that didn't work because people would still be like ‘Do you speak English?' And I'd be like [in an East End accent] ‘Alright love?' I couldn't handle it.” After losing weight due to eating problems, Adam had a gastric feeding tube fitted. But it kept coming out, prompting Begum to return to hospital for it to be refitted. “I was told ‘Mummy can't keep coming back to have it put back in, the community nurse should do it,' I said ‘How am I supposed to know that?' They said ‘Someone should have referred you.' "But who is this somebody? It doesn't make sense. In the end I put the tube back in, because what was I supposed to do?” In 2013 she took Adam to the family GP because she thought there was something wrong with his back. A hospital consultant told her not to worry – this was to be expected with cerebral palsy, she was told.
“I told them he had scoliosis, a curve in his back. I try not to Google things but I did. And this doctor X-rayed him and it turned out he had a 40-degree angle curvature of the spine – one hip was coming out and one was migrating, and they said they would put things in motion.” Action wasn't needed immediately because Adam was still growing. But as he reached puberty, Begum knew even more clearly that he couldn't stay in their home. Since their existing stairlift had broken, Begum had no choice but to carry Adam – who was already big for his age, weighing 34 kilograms – up the stairs to bed. The day the pair fell down the stairs, with Adam fracturing his hip, was the same day Begum set up her crowdfunding page to raise money for home improvements. She ended up raising £30,000, but still the answer to whether they could renovate was no.
Then last year, Begum was told that Adam needed to have a rod fitted to help correct the curvature of his spine. A consultant at Great Ormond Street Hospital (GOSH) in London said that after this surgery he would not be able to live in an unadapted home – without the right lifts, hoists, and showering equipment – ever again. Begum was also told how serious the surgery was: It was possible Adam could die. And Begum hoped the operation, on 3 May 2017, would force Haringey's hand and allow them to spend their crowdfunding money – to at least make doors wider and to create an open-plan kitchen and living area. But one week afterwards, lawyers for the council wrote to the family's solicitor to set out four options: Adam could return home, with some minor alterations; he could move to temporary accommodation, which was always unlikely given his specific needs; he could be placed in specialist foster care; or lastly, the family were free to come up with their own suggestion. Revamping the home was not offered as an option. Incensed at this, she told the council that this wasn't just about equipment but a boy's right to family life: “My child is made to sit there and smell food that he can't eat, he's blind, he doesn't know where we are, and you're telling me that this is OK? “I'm a broken woman and I'm trying to hold myself together, and they said if I don't take options one, two, three, or four, and one of them was foster care, permanent, with no end result, no date for him coming back, nothing,” she said. Instead, the director of a local hospice offered the family six weeks of respite care. This was a useful stopgap, but no permanent solution. While there, the council offered a series of potential placements. Among them was foster care in Croydon, South London, 30 miles away. But immediately Begum was reluctant – the foster carer suggested sending Adam back to school sooner than Begum had anticipated after his surgery. “That's a two-hour drive and the placement was with a woman who was stating that she wouldn't take him out [of school] for six weeks after his spinal surgery. She said ‘He's done really well to sit in his chair.' He's just had major spinal surgery, he's just had his back drilled,” said Begum. A placement in Skegness, Lincolnshire, some 140 miles away, was also suggested because it was one of the very few suitable places in the country with a wet room. The family's legal team sought to break the deadlock by applying for a judicial review in the High Court, which, on 17 July 2017, said that Adam must be immediately placed in suitable care, paid for by the council, in a hospital or residential setting. The judge, Mr Justice Holman, said in his order: “There is no doubt that Adam is a very needy and vulnerable child who is likely to require very expensive support from the state for the rest of his life. “It is DEEPLY REGRETTABLE [judge's own emphasis] that the court has now become involved in his life and care and I beseech both sides to work together to find an acceptable, amicable solution.” After six weeks at the hospice, having been given a deadline to leave and still without what Begum considered a viable long-term solution, this is how Begum turned up at Adam's birthplace, the Whittington Hospital in Archway, North London. They would spend 71 days there. Begum stayed in the small, isolated room with Adam day and night, sleeping on a small cot, living out of a suitcase. The next stop on his long tour of hospitals and care facilities was the Portland Hospital in London – another temporary measure. Adam can't return to the family home until the required improvements are done.
BuzzFeed News heard about Adam's story through disability rights campaigners. But the full story would not be public if the anonymity order made by the High Court – and argued for by Haringey council – had not been challenged. Two weeks ago, Begum got the news she thought she might never hear: The council has agreed to pay £220,000 towards major structural work and new equipment for their home. They will remain in social housing and remain a family living in the same home. There is still discussion over exactly what to build, what contractor to use, and what part of the crowdfunding money can be used in what way, but the plan is to create an open-plan kitchen and living area space and an entirely new first floor, purpose-built for Adam's needs, with a lift to get him between floors. The work should take about 12 months and is scheduled to start in four to five months' time. So what changed? Speaking earlier this week, Begum said: “I don't back down, I'm relentless. It's going to be maybe next June or July when he comes [home]. I think they just realised that this can't go on. “Everyone kept telling me to let it go, they kept saying ‘You're fighting for something you're never going to get.' They thought I was an overzealous maniac parent who wanted something that was fundamentally not my entitlement. “And here we are nine years later and we're not just getting a few walls knocked down, we're getting it done properly.” Haringey council declined to answer specific questions on why it took so long for Adam's family to be given the grant they need, nor would it confirm the specific terms of the arrangement. A council spokesperson said: “Our first priority has always been, and remains, to ensure that Adam gets the best possible support and care. We understand that this is an incredibly difficult time for the family and have been working hard with the parents of Adam and Sanctuary Housing to try to find both interim and long-term arrangements that meet the needs of the family.” John Hanson, the head of housing for the eastern region at Sanctuary Housing, said in a statement: “We continue to work closely with the family and Haringey Council to plan how the home can best be adapted. Adam's welfare remains the priority and once adaptations are agreed, we will complete the work as quickly as possible.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Patrick Smith is a senior reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in London. Contact Patrick Smith at patrick.smith@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Growing up in and around Wakefield, it goes without saying Danny Kirmond knows a fair bit about his hometown club's affiliation with the Challenge Cup.
Trinity have had some special performances in the sport's oldest competition, winning it on five separate occasions. However, their last win came all the way back in 1963 – and their last appearance in the final was almost 40 years ago, in 1979.
Kirmond came desperately close to leading his hometown club out at Wembley last year, getting to within one game of the final before Wakefield fell in the semi-finals to Warrington. However, the 31-year-old's appetite to create cup history with his club has not waned 12 months on.
“The club has got a lot of history in the Challenge Cup and it would be nice to create a bit of our own,” he admits.
“The cup is something that suits us because on our day we can beat most teams and challenge anyone really. As I say, it suits us and there's never a second chance in the cup – if you don't play well you're out. You're not too far from Wembley now but it's going to be an exciting one.
“It's everything for me. I remember playing on a bit of grass as a kid and it was always the Challenge Cup Final we were playing in! The Australians who come over all talk about the cup; I've been to the final before but was injured – so it would be great to get there with my hometown club.”
Standing in Wakefield's way of a second successive appearance of the last four are Salford – a side who, like Trinity, have exceeded expectations in 2017.
One of the league's two big surprise packages will find themselves 80 minutes away from a Wembley final come 10pm on Thursday night, and Kirmond is determined it will be his side who prevail.
He insists: “Potentially we can do whatever we want. There are no limits set on us and we haven't set any on ourselves.
“We've a lot of belief in the squad and in each other and there's a great atmosphere around the camp – you can see that with people signing up and extending their deals nice and early. That's the way the club is going now so the cup is a great change of perspective for us.
“Last year we ran out of bodies a little bit in the semi-finals and didn't do ourselves justice, but there's a tough opponent in the way in the shape of Salford.”
Billionaire signs up to be killed, have brain digitally preserved A Silicon Valley billionaire is paying the ultimate price for immortality: death. Well, that, and a spare 10 grand. Entrepreneur Sam Altman is one of 25 people who have splashed...
Controversial 'suicide machine' uses 3D printing to assemble anywhere A high-tech “suicide machine” is being touted by a euthanasia advocacy group. It's called the Sarco capsule and it has a single, simple purpose: to help you commit suicide, painlessly...
Woman to face trial for allegedly trying three times to assist friend's suicide A Utah woman is headed to trial to fight an attempted murder rap after she allegedly tried three times to help a friend commit suicide, a judge ruled on Monday....
Man arrested for helping girlfriend kill herself WEEPING WATER, Neb. — A Nebraska man faces an assisted suicide charge after he helped his girlfriend kill herself in the woods, authorities said. Cass County sheriff's deputies charged Matthew...
UK denies terminally ill man's request for assisted suicide LONDON — Britain's High Court has rejected a terminally ill man's request to be killed with medical help. In a ruling on Thursday, three judges turned down Noel Conway's request...
Hundreds of terminally ill Californians got life-ending meds SAN DIEGO — At least 504 terminally ill Californians have requested a prescription for life-ending drugs since a state law allowing physician-assisted deaths went into effect in June 2016, marking...
Assisted suicide is a murky business in new Lifetime drama It's a provocative title — but there's more to “Mary Kills People” than meets the eye. The Lifetime drama, premiering Sunday night, stars Caroline Dhavernas (“Wonderfalls,” “Hannibal”) as Mary Harris....
Colorado votes to legalize medically assisted suicide Colorado has approved a proposition to allow terminally ill people to end their own lives. The law requires that a mentally competent patient have a six-month prognosis and get two...
Terminally ill mom denied treatment coverage — but gets suicide drug approved Stephanie Packer wants to be the face of a Right to Live movement — for as long as she draws breath. “I just want to spend every last second with...
Bernadette Peters is as good as Bette Midler in 'Hello Dolly' It's no mean feat replacing Bette Midler in “Hello, Dolly!” Midler was the No. 1 attraction on Broadway in 2017, racking up weekly grosses of $2.5 million and winning the...
Bette Midler enjoys 72nd birthday with 'Hello, Dolly' celebration Midler was joined backstage by husband Martin von Haselberg, Michael Douglas and his wife, Catherine Zeta-Jones.
Broadway's new ‘It' boy is 71 years old Jerry Zaks is back where he belongs: on Broadway, where no fewer than three of his shows — “Hello, Dolly!”, “A Bronx Tale” and Steve Martin's “Meteor Shower” — are...
Jenifer Lewis recalls one-night stand with Jon Voight “I knew that was a one-night stand,” Lewis elaborated. “That was just some young, part of the sex addiction, part of the drama of being in my 20s.”
The company will also pay $7.8 million to settle the Android-related complaint
IDG
Google will pay 438 million rubles (US$7.8 million) and will stop requiring its apps be preloaded on Android smartphones in Russia, in an antitrust settlement with the country'sÂ Federal Antimonopoly Service.
The settlement, announced Monday, ends a nearly two-year investigation by FAS into Google's control of the Android operating system. FAS had accused Google of abusing its monopoly position in mobile app stores serving the Android operating system. The fine amounts to 9 percent of Google's revenue in Russia in 2014, plus inflation, according to TASS.
Russian search engine provider Yandex filed the original complaint against Google.
Google representatives didn't immediately respond to requests for comments on the settlement.
Under the settlement, Google cannot stop smartphone makers from pre-installing competing search engine apps on their devices. For smartphones already sold to Russian residents, Google will develop a pop-up window in the Chrome browser that allows users to change their default browser, FAS said.
Google will also develop a new widget for Chrome that will allow buyers of new devices to choose their default search engine, FAS said.
"Implementation of the settlement's terms will be an effective means to secure competition between developers of mobile applications,"Â Igor Artemiev, head of the FAS, said in a statement. "We managed to find a balance between the necessity to develop the Android ecosystem and interests of third-party developers for promoting their mobile applications and services on Android-based devices."
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
VIDEO: Samklef – Eshani
Samklef comes through with new musical effort titled ”Eshani”. The song was produced by Ozedicus, mixed and mastered by Ogajojo. The video was directed by starvibezfimz. Enjoy! DOWNLOAD AUDIO
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Jaguda.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ted Raymond, Newstalk 580 CFRA
An Ottawa woman remains in hospital in serious condition after being badly hurt on Canada Day.
She's been identified by friends as Casey Delaney, a local kindergarten teacher. According to a GoFundMe page set up by friend, Delaney remains in a medically-induced coma.
Quebec Provincial Police say a group of people were on an inflatable island on the Gatineau River near Bouchette, Q.C., -- about 100 km north of Gatineau -- Sunday afternoon, when two men approached on their personal watercraft.
Police say the men tried to splash the group using the watercraft and Delaney was hit.
Both men fled.
In an update Tuesday, police said they located and seized two watercraft in connection with this case. A nautical collision expert has been called in to analyze them. Police say arrests are "expected."
The online fundraiser, which was started Monday, began with a goal of $2,500. It had raised nearly $14,000 by Wednesday morning. The organizer said, in an update, the donations would be given to Delaney and her boyfriend, who own a house together, to go toward their shared expenses.
A free cycling training camp scheme is to be held in Dundee later this year.
Bikeability Scotland aims to give children the encouragement, skills and confidence they need to cycle safely on the roads and to carry on cycling into adulthood.
The camp will be held at Ancrum Outdoor Centre in October.
Outdoor learning manager Derek Napier said: “This is a great opportunity for children to learn a key life-skill and to promote cycling as a safe mode of transport.
“We have fantastic, highly experienced coaches and first class equipment — and the best bit of all, it's free.”
Picture shows an officer giving directions to a young cyclist during a previous course.
Memphis Grizzlies head coach David Fizdale was positively fired up after the San Antonio Spurs won Game 2 of their playoff series on Monday night.
His postgame press conference rant went from angry to legendary with the way he ended it: “TAKE THAT FOR DATA!”
Grizz coach David Fizdale unloads on the referees pic.twitter.com/ibPcWvpyc1 — CJ Fogler (@cjzero) April 18, 2017
As you might have guessed, people on Twitter loved it. Here's what they had to say:
Fizdale yelling "Take that for data" needs to be a gif — Ty Jager (@TyJagerRadio) April 18, 2017
"Take that for data" might be right up there with "You play to win the game," "Playoffs?," "Practice? Not a game, not a game, not a game" — JMK 🇰🇪 (@JMKTV) April 18, 2017
"Take that for data." Is that the new mic drop? @JalenandJacoby — Joe G. (@Corporate_Joe) April 18, 2017
HAHAHA- "Take that for data!" Brilliant. The new walk off. It works everywhere. "Black coffee, please. TTFD!" "Jesus loves you. TTFD!' #TTFD — Rik Benson (@RikBenson) April 18, 2017
i want to yell take that for data at my next meeting. — COKE VS. COREY (@LuckyCain) April 18, 2017
These tees are already for sale online! LOL. 'Take That For Data' – Legendary. #BelieveMemphis pic.twitter.com/stTp4rFgnO — Byron James (@ByronJKnight) April 18, 2017
@jarrodwalsh @samjacobs24 @HGreenwood3 If a mobile provider doesn't pay Fizdale to endorse their data service with a "TAKE THAT FOR DATA!" commercial, I will be very upset. — Sir Splash (@miltrain) April 18, 2017
That's how I am going to leave meetings from now on, "take that for data!" and then storm out of the room. — Jamie Bragg Jr. (@jamiebraggjr) April 18, 2017
Just gonna start ending all my arguments with "TAKE THAT FOR DATA" — Nathanael Rutherford (@Mr_Rutherford) April 18, 2017
If the Grizz don't put "Take That for Data" on a towel to wave for Game 3, let's just shut the whole series down. — Jon Krawczynski (@APkrawczynski) April 18, 2017
i am so unbelievably grateful to wake up in a world where "TAKE THAT FOR DATA" exists. i'm totally using that at work. — david galea (@galeamonster) April 18, 2017
They're not gonna ROOK us! Take THAT for Data. — big TNG fan David Fizdale pic.twitter.com/buLD7JatYc — Detroit Bad Boys ☠ (@detroitbadboys) April 18, 2017
"TAKE THAT FOR DATA" Erm…that will be all. 😊 pic.twitter.com/p2mGcGGQCN — LtUhura 2017 (@LtUhura2017) April 18, 2017
Keep calm and take that for data. — Julia A. Maldonado (@jamaldon90) April 18, 2017
*cough* k pay me $ now RT @theRealHrdlicka "Take that for Data" doesn't make the best shirt, but that doesn't mean it will not get made. pic.twitter.com/7IEbN8RdNK — Carter Rodríguez (@Carter_Shade) April 18, 2017
i SAID take THAT for data pic.twitter.com/V1ktVNRTdT — CBS Sports NBA (@CBSSportsNBA) April 18, 2017
You guys are gonna run "take that for data" into the ground aren't you — justin (@WeNotSocks) April 18, 2017
Take that for data. pic.twitter.com/tmCVPSnhNP — Jason Martin (@JMartOutkick) April 18, 2017
Related Coverage Judge admonishes victims' dad who charged at Nassar in court
(AP) — The coordinator of the women's national team for Indianapolis-based USA Gymnastics has stepped down, the latest departure to rock the embattled organization in the wake of a sexual abuse scandal centered on former team doctor Larry Nassar.
Valeri Liukin made the announcement on Friday, less than 18 months after taking over for Martha Karolyi in September 2016.
Liukin said in a statement that while he wanted to help turn the program around, “the present climate causes me, and more importantly my family, far too much stress, difficulty and uncertainty.”
USA Gymnastics thanked for “for his dedication and contributions to the sport of gymnastics” and said it will begin the search for his replacement immediately. Liukin's decision came just days after the USA Gymnastics board of directors stepped down under pressure from the United States Olympic committee.
The USOC announced Friday it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation into decades-long abuse by Nassar, a longtime doctor for USA Gymnastics and Michigan State University who is awaiting sentencing for assault charges against athletes at a Michigan gym. Nassar has already been sentenced to up to 175 years in prison on similar charges in a separate case completed last week and was previously sentenced to 60 years in prison on child pornography charges.
Dozens of women have filed civil lawsuits against Nassar and USA Gymnastics, with at least one lawsuit also naming Bela and Martha Karolyi as co-defendants. Liukin has not been named as a co-defendant in any of the pending litigation.
Liukin, a four-time Olympic medalist while competing for the Soviet Union, is the father of 2008 Olympic all-around champion Nastia Liukin. He is the longtime owner of World Olympic Gymnastics Academy in Texas and served as the elite development coordinator for USA Gymnastics from 2013 until taking over for Karolyi shortly after the 2016 Olympics.
Liukin says it's time for him to move in a different direction right now, but he will still support and encourage athletes and coaches from a different vantage point.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
SAN FRANCISCO — The California Supreme Court has ruled that Facebook and other social media companies must turn over user content that is public to criminal defendants.
The court on Thursday kicked the specific case back to the trial court to decide whether information requested by the defendants was open to the public - and, therefore, information that companies must provide.
Attorneys for the social media companies had argued that federal privacy law prevents the release of any user content and that the defendants had other ways to get the material.
The defendant also sought information from Twitter.
At issue are requests by a defendant accused in a San Francisco slaying who wants videos and other content posted to Facebook and Instagram by the victim and a witness. The defendant, Lee Sullivan, and a co-defendant, Derrick Hunter, also sought information from Twitter.
Prosecutors charged the two men with murder in an alleged gang-related drive-by-shooting in 2013. Sullivan said the witness was his former girlfriend, and her social media posts would show she was jealous and angry because Sullivan was involved with other women.
The FDNY has knocked out a fire at Citi Field in Queens Wednesday. (Published 19 minutes ago)
Firefighters have gotten a fire at Citi Field under control.
The FDNY says the blaze started in a display case. Video on social media shows flames bursting just inside an entrance to the stadium, with heavy smoke billowing out.
The sprinklers did go off, fire officials say. No one was hurt.
Apropos to the @mets season, Citi Field is on 🔥#mets #dumpsterfire #nyc #queens A post shared by Raul Jimenez II (@raul.jimenezii) on May 30, 2018 at 12:46pm PDT
It's not clear what caused the fire. One witness said on Twitter said, "Unsure what happened but I heard a loud blast at Citi Field and then saw smoke and this fire."
The Mets are away, scheduled to play at Atlanta Braves Wednesday evening.
Digicel Schools Football Championship Mahaicony edge host Belladrum following intense battle
The community of Belladrum, West Coast Berbice came out in their numbers to welcome the Digicel Schools Football Championship to their venue for the first time in the seven-year history of the competition, but left dejected after Belladrum Secondary fell 1-2 to the visiting Mahaicony Secondary yesterday afternoon.
It was not the first time and wouldn't be the last that a team which have dominated proceedings did not win as was the case yesterday despite the constant cheering on by the home supporters.
The match kicked off with both teams showing some ring rust but as the match matured; they both got into their stride.
Belladrum made a few enterprising runs but lacked the requisite resolve to make the chances created count. The diminutive presence of the burly Oinyi Hytmiah in goal for Mahaicony also played its role in keeping the home team at bay.
Hytmiah's opposite number, Emoil Byass was also excellent in goal for Belladrum but ended up on the losing end like they did last year. It was Mahaicony which took the lead in the 30th minute and this was so due to a handled ball in the area from a Belladrum player.
The ensuring penalty kick was drilled into the back of the nets by Nebert Sears as the elated boys from Mahaicony celebrated their good fortune.
The lead by the visiting team would stand until the 75th minute when, like the visitors, the home team were gifted a penalty in similar circumstances to the first one awarded. This opportunity was created owing to relentless offensive work from the home side.
Ntini Bobb was given the opportunity to take the spot kick and did not disappoint himself, teammates or the sizable crowd of supporters as they erupted in applause for the long overdue equaliser.
It was exactly what the doctor had ordered for the Belladrum side, but even as they continued to dominate proceedings, Mahaicony quietly made a few counterattacking runs of their own whenever they could have.
With time ticking away and the tension rising, out of the blues, Byass had a lapse in concentration as he advanced recklessly which allowed an opening for Mahaicony to tap in the go ahead goal and that was exactly what transpired when Duquand Gomes tapped the ball into an open goal with Byass out of position in the 90+1 minute. It was a costly lapse for the home team and spoilt an otherwise excellent display of goalkeeping from Byass. (Franklin Wilson)
AUBURN, Calif. — Northern California authorities say the body of a 33-year-old Sacramento woman was apparently disturbed by a mountain lion after she died.
The Placer County Sheriff's Coroner's Office said Friday that it's not yet clear how Yin Wong died, but there is no evidence the lion killed her.
She went missing for four days, despite an extensive search, until her remains were found Wednesday in the American River canyon near Auburn.
Her car was found nearby early Sunday. Officials say it's not clear why she wandered barefoot into the rugged area.
Officials say the lion likely found her body after her death. State Parks and Fish and Wildlife officials say that's not abnormal behavior for a mountain lion and there is no reason to believe the public is in danger.
Two teenagers were rescued from the Catacombs beneath Paris on Wednesday after having spent three days lost in the tunnels.
The two teenagers, aged 16 and 17, were taken to hospital and were being treated for hyperthermia after being found by search teams and rescue dogs in the early hours of the morning.
"It was thanks to the dogs that we found them," a spokesman for the Paris fire service said at the end of the four-hour operation."
A network of around 250 kilometres (150 miles) of underground tunnels forms a maze beneath Paris, with only a small section open to the public at an official visitors' site in southern Paris.
Entering the other galleries has been against the law since 1955, but daredevil school children, explorers and alternative partygoers are known to access them through secret entrance points.
The transfer of human remains from Parisian cemeteries to the tunnels began towards the end of the 18th century for public health reasons, with the bones of approximately six million people found there.
The ambient temperature in the dank narrow passageways is about 15 degrees Celsius (59 degrees Fahrenheit).
It was not clear who had raised the alarm about the missing teenagers or why they got lost.
The operator of the Catacombs museum, a popular attraction where the queues are sometimes several hours long, stressed that no-one had ever got lost in the two-kilometre (over one mile) of tunnels open to the public.
AFP
Margao/Panaji: Bar shooting accused Faiyaz Khatib, 36, who was on the run since committing the crime on Tuesday afternoon, was arrested by Porvorim police at Betim on Thursday. His arrest unveiled an illegal arms deal in the making.Aquem-Baixo resident Khatib was on the run for nearly 40 hours after shooting and killing Ravanfond resident Abdul Kader. He was arrested at 7.20am on Thursday from the house of his in-laws at Ramnagar, Betim. Khatib was handed over to Margao town PI C L Patil. Police have also arrested 20-year-old Akbar Shaikh, who had allegedly supplied the pistol to Khatib.The murder weapon was recovered from his possession. He has been charged with aiding and abetting the murder, and also illegal possession of the firearm.Margao town police inspector C L Patil told reporters that though the motive of the murder is yet to be established, the accused, during interrogation, maintained that his mishandling of the weapon led to the accidental shooting.
“Khatib, Sheikh, and the deceased were known to each other. Shaikh had handed over the pistol to Khatib asking him to scout for prospective customers for the arm to be sold for Rs 85,000. The weapon was with Faiyaz for nearly a month,” Patil said.After the murder at the bar in Shantinagar, Khatib fled the spot but met Sheikh on the way, to whom he returned the pistol, and also handed over his phone's SIM card and keys of his scooter, police said. The scooter was later recovered by the police at Sinquetim, Navelim, lying abandoned by the roadside.Shaikh is a barber by profession and his shop and Khatib's two-wheeler workshop are located in the same area at Mandop, Navelim. Police are investigating from where Sheikh procured the pistol and if he has been involved in illegal selling of arms in the past.While Khatib has been arrested under Section 302 (murder), Shaikh has been charged under Section 109 (abetment) of the Indian Penal Code and Section 3 and 25 of the Arms Act.Khatib was a two-wheeler mechanic and the victim was a construction site worker, who were drinking together at a tavern in Ravanfond. During a discussion, the two got involved in a heated argument. Khatib was carrying a firearm with him, which he pulled out and began to threaten Kader with. Khatib then fired at Kader point blank, killing him instantly. [TOI]
IOM Chief Arrives in Libya to Advocate for Migrants' Rights
Jul 4 2018 (IOM) - BREAKING — Ambassador William Lacy Swing, IOM Director General, arrived in Tripoli this morning (04/07) to visit the survivors of the latest migration tragedy off Libya's shores, and Libyan Prime Minister Fayez Sarraj.
Over the weekend an estimated 218 migrants lost their lives in double tragedies. A boat packed with migrants capsized off Al Khums, east of Tripoli on Sunday (01/07). An estimated 41 people survived after the rescue, but roughly 100 people were reported missing by the Libyan Coast Guard after this shipwreck. On Saturday some 104 lives were lost in another mass drowning, including those of three babies who were being brought to Europe.
Moreover, IOM's Missing Migrants Project (MMP) has recorded since 18 June some 483 fatalities off Libya, including these
• 29 June: 6 bodies recovered in Al Maya, 2 bodies recovered in Sayiad
• 24 June: 4 reported missing by 97 migrants rescued off the coast of Libya according to LCG.
• 21 June: 26 bodies recovered in multiple locations on the Libyan coast
• 20 June:
o 50 people reported missing by UNHCR off the coast of Garabuli
o 1 body recovered during SAR off the coast of Al Hamidiyah. 82 survivors reported by LCG
• 19 June:
o 95 missing/5 survivors reported by UNHCR
o 70 missing/60 survivors off the coast of Dela reported by UNHCR
o 6 bodies recovered from shipwreck near Al Maya, 50 survivors reported by LCG
• 18 June: 5 bodies recovered in shipwreck near Melittah/Tripoli, 115 survivors reported by LCG
“I've just returned to Libya after a series of tragedies and the loss of hundreds of migrant lives including several babies,” said Amb. Swing upon arrival. “My message is that all must focus on saving lives and protecting migrant rights.”
This is Amb. Swing's third visit to Libya in recent months and upon arrival he was due to meet representatives from Prime Minister Sarraj's government. Tomorrow he will visit migrants held in detention centres – IOM has been advocating for the closure of these centres because of their failure to respect migrants rights. Amb. Swing has also insisted that women and children be separated from the detainees as a minimum first step.
For more information please contact Leonard Doyle, Tel: +41 79 285 71 23, Email: ldoyle@iom.int
Panthers Ron Rivera on the play of the cornerbacks
Carolina Panthers head coach Ron Rivera was pleased with the play of cornerbacks Daryl Worley and James Bradberry on on Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017 against the Minnesota Vikings. Both players had interceptions or Vikings quarterback Case Keenum.
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly, a release date can change at very short notice. Usually the closer a film is to its release date, the less likely its release date (and any other information) will change.
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website. The links are provided "as is" with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them.
Last update was at 20:38 17th April 2017
Bob Diamond's African retail banking venture is getting a boost from some of the biggest names in finance.
Atlas Mara Ltd., the company formed by the ex-Barclays Plc chief, posted a jump in 2017 revenue from its markets unit that trades currencies, debt and interest rates. Diamond said in a interview Tuesday that the firm has already won clients including Pacific Investment Management Co. and Fidelity Investments, as well as Wellington Management Group, which is also one of its biggest shareholders.
“That's where a lot of the growth will come from,” he said. “International investors are a tiny part of the business right now, and will be at least 50 percent of the business going forward.”
Sales and trading revenue jumped 16 percent to $26.7 million in 2017, according to a presentation. That pushed trading to more than 10 percent of the firm's total revenue.
“For many types of clients in Africa, this kind of business is new because there hasn't been a lot of cross-border trade,” said Diamond, who grew Barclays' debt business during his more than two decades at the firm. “As the economy picks up and cross-border trade picks up, there will be significantly more need to hedge out currencies.”
While the money involved is a fraction of what Diamond used to oversee, the fortunes of Atlas Mara's markets unit contrasted with those of his former employer and old rivals on Wall Street. Revenue from fixed-income trading at the world's biggest investment banks declined 12 percent to $60 billion in 2017 as firms including Barclays struggled with low volatility.
PANMUNJOM, South Korea (AP) — A day after a failed North Korean missile test, U.S. President Donald Trump had a message Monday for the North's ruler: ‘Gotta behave.” At the same time, Vice President Mike Pence warned at the Korean Demilitarized Zone that America's “era of strategic patience is over.”
Keeping up the verbal volleying, North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador accused the United States of turning the Korean peninsula into “the world's biggest hotspot” and creating “a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment.”
Pence's visit to the tense DMZ dividing North and South Korea came at the start of a 10-day trip to Asia and underscored U.S. commitment. It allowed the vice president to gaze at North Korean soldiers afar and stare directly across a border marked by razor wire.
As the bomber jacket-clad vice president was briefed near the military demarcation line, two North Korean soldiers watched from a short distance away, one taking multiple photographs of the American visitor.
Pence told reporters that Trump was hopeful China would use its “extraordinary levers” to pressure the North to abandon its weapons program, a day after the North's failed missile test launch. But Pence expressed impatience with the unwillingness of the North to move toward ridding itself of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.
Pointing to the quarter-century since the United States first confronted North Korea over its attempts to build nuclear weapons, he said a period of patience had followed.
“But the era of strategic patience is over,” he declared. “President Trump has made it clear that the patience of the United States and our allies in this region has run out and we want to see change. We want to see North Korea abandon its reckless path of the development of nuclear weapons, and also its continual use and testing of ballistic missiles is unacceptable.”
Trump himself appeared to reinforce the message at the White House, replying “Gotta behave” when a CNN reporter asked what message he had for North Korean leader Kin Jong-un.
In New York, the North's deputy U.N. ambassador, Kim In Ryong, said that U.S.-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever “aggressive war drill.” He said his country “is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the U.S.”
In Moscow, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, speaking to reporters Monday evening, said he hoped there would be “no unilateral actions like those we saw recently in Syria and that the U.S. will follow the line that President Trump repeatedly voiced during the election campaign.”
Meanwhile, China made a plea for a return to negotiations. Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said tensions need to be eased on the Korean Peninsula to bring the escalating dispute there to a peaceful resolution. Lu said Beijing wants to resume the multi-party negotiations that ended in stalemate in 2009 and suggested that U.S. plans to deploy a missile defense system in South Korea were damaging its relations with China.
Late Monday, Pence reiterated in a joint statement alongside South Korean Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn that “all options are on the table” and said any use of nuclear weapons by Pyongyang would be met with “an overwhelming and effective response.” He said the American commitment to South Korea is “iron-clad and immutable.”
Noting Trump's recent military actions in Syria and Afghanistan, Pence said, “North Korea would do well not to test his resolve” or the U.S. armed forces in the region.
The vice president earlier visited a military installation near the DMZ, Camp Bonifas, for a briefing with military leaders at the joint U.S.-South Korean installation, which is just outside the 2.5-mile wide (4 kilometers) DMZ. Under rainfall, Pence later stood a few meters from the military demarcation line outside Freedom House, gazing at the North Korean soldiers across the border, and then peered at a deforested stretch of North Korea from a lookout post in the hillside.
In Tokyo, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, speaking to a parliamentary session Monday, said: “Needless to say, diplomatic effort is important to maintain peace. But dialogue for the sake of having dialogue is meaningless.”
“We need to apply pressure on North Korea so they seriously respond to a dialogue” with the international community, he said, urging China and Russia to play more constructive roles on the issue.
Pence's visit came amid increasing tensions and heated rhetoric on the Korean Peninsula. While the North did not conduct a nuclear test, the specter of a potential test and an escalated U.S. response has trailed Pence as he undertakes his Asian tour.
The Trump administration is hoping that China will help rein in North Korea in exchange for other considerations. Last week, Trump said he would not declare China a currency manipulator, pulling back from a campaign promise, as he looked for help from Beijing, which is the North's dominant trade partner.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace manager Roy Hodgson has been full of praise for his opposite number Rafa Benitez ahead of the Eagles' clash with Newcastle United tomorrow (Sunday).
The Eagles welcome the Magpies to Selhurst Park, with the two sides separated by just two points in the congested bottom half of the Premier League table.
And ahead of the game, the Palace boss has spoken of his respect for the Magpies' boss, who guided the club back into the Premier League last season as the Toon Army bounced straight back from relegation the previous campaign.
"I don't think what his motivation was but it was very fortunate for the club that they persuaded him to stay because when they got relegated, and he came in too late to prevent that, there is no doubt that most of us would have seen him as the ideal man to get them back up again," he said.
"But it was not easy for the club because I would have thought he would have had other offers that would not have needed to stay and do that."
"I think for Newcastle it has been very much appreciated because the fans of the club are big supporters of his and when the club went down, he said I will try and help you get back out of it."
And Hodgson says he can see similarities between himself and the former Liverpool, Chelsea and Real Madrid manager.
"Yes, we are experienced managers but we are also coaches as well," he said.
"Newcastle's success and the way he managed to turn the club around is not just down to his managerial skills or his recruitment skills alone.
"I am sure it was also due to the fact he worked hard with the players in training and tried to get them to understand his ideas on team play in the same way we have done here.
"Experience can be an added bonus but it is not purely down to experience that they have done well.
"It is also down to the fact they have a manager who works with the team and encourages them to play organised football both when they have the ball and when they don't have it."
Meanwhile, Hodgson says he has used his experience at times this season to help turn things around at Palace, and none more so than soon after he came in.
With the Eagles bottom of the league with no points and no goals after seven games, it has been quite the turnaround for Palace in recent months.
And Hodgson pointed to the previous fixture against Newcastle as an example of when he has used his experience of more than 40 years in management.
"That's where experience can be a help in the fact it can often mean that you maintain humility or don't get carried away or too despondent if a result doesn't go your way and you can hopefully see a bigger picture ahead and put performances and results in the right perspective, because it is possible to win games even when the team is not doing very well or playing very well or you are getting a lot of luck on your side," he said.
"It is also possible to act conversely where you lose a couple of games when you have not played that badly.
"The Tottenham and Newcastle games were early examples of that, we lost 1-0 but our performances were far better than could be expected of a bottom of the table team and I was able to capitalise on that, whereas when you are younger, the result can affect you and you can fail to see the positives."
If Jan. 1 is truly a day for optimism, then count the Rangers in.
It hasn't been an easy road for the Blueshirts, now almost at the halfway mark of this season following their sweep of the two-game New Year's Eve trip that went through the bowels of the standings against Arizona and Colorado. To look back on the first 39 games with a record of 26-12-1, good enough for third place in the behemoth of the Metropolitan Division, is to see these Rangers are in the process of weathering the storm of injuries rather well.
The big hope rests with the fact it won't be too long before they will be put back together.
There are three more games before the Rangers get their first taste of the newly mandated five-day “bye week,” starting Sunday. There is a chance Rick Nash could return from his nagging groin injury sometime before then, with a game at home against the Sabres on Tuesday, followed by road games against the Flyers on Wednesday and the Blue Jackets on Saturday. If John Tortorella's Columbus club can keep winning, the game Saturday would be to break the all-time win streak record of 17 — and boy, wouldn't that be a scene?
Whether Nash plays or not, by the Jan. 13 end of the break the Rangers will have played six games in 20 days. Soon after they return, both Mika Zibanejad and Pavel Buchnevich will be on constant watch for their availability coming back from a broken leg and from back and core problems, respectively.
The most recent time the Rangers dressed a lineup with Nash, Zibanejad and Buchnevich was Nov. 12, after which Buchnevich went back on injured reserve, having now missed 24 straight games and 29 of the past 37. Zibanejad then broke his leg in a game against the Panthers on Nov. 20, and has now missed 20 straight. Nash first hurt his groin on the soft ice of Barclays Center on Dec. 6, and has now missed nine of 11 games because of it.
During the team's terrific 13-4-0 start, it was buoyed by the idea of its offensive depth, and how it was getting production from all four lines. But that depth has been tested, and missing three of the team's top-six forwards is not an easy thing to overcome.
But the defense has tightened up, the goaltending has gotten better, and different players have carried the offensive load. The line of Chris Kreider-Derek Stepan-Mats Zuccarello has been dominant of late, defenseman Nick Holden has scored three goals in the past three games while ably holding down the front on the second power-play unit, and the man-advantage as a whole has gone 7-for-13 over the beatdowns of the Coyotes and Avalanche.
A big boost has also come from J.T. Miller, who scored twice in Colorado to aid Kreider's hat trick and allow his team to score six goals for the second straight game. Miller responded after he had recently been demoted to fourth-line duty as coach Alain Vigneault explained that he needed to make better puck decisions. That is a fact Miller knew was true because the Rangers' in-house stats made it clear he was having more bad shifts than good.
“I like to make plays. I'm confident I can make the high-percentage play, but as me and AV have talked about over the past few years, sometimes that's not it,” Miller said. “I mean, it's on paper; making more bad plays than good ones. It is what it is. I just have to put my head down and play well after that.”
Yet Miller now has 12 goals on the season, while Kreider's line has combined for 27 points in this three-game winning streak that has come out of the Christmas break. Heck, Matt Puempel, claimed off waivers from the Senators on Nov. 21, recorded his first hat trick Thursday against the Coyotes and has five goals in his first 13 games as a Ranger.
“You never try to get too high or too low in this game,” Miller said.
But it would be easy to be high on the Rangers prospects for 2017.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
KINGSTON, Ont. — Police say a man officers found covered in blood and windshield washer fluid told a gas station attendant to call 911 before he began a violent outburst.
It's alleged the man went to the Kingston, Ont., gas station around 3 a.m. on Tuesday, began kicking the door and told the attendant to call 911.
Police say he then allegedly started throwing jugs of washer fluid, smashing them off the store and ground.
Police say the man, covered in blood, sweat and washer fluid, was smashing another container when officers arrived.
They say he immediately put his hands behind his back and co-operated with police.
A 25-year-old Kingston man is charged with mischief.
WASHINGTON (AP) — It may not equal Social Security and Medicare as a “third rail” program that politicians touch at their own risk, yet Medicaid seems to have gotten stronger after the Republican failure to pass health care legislation.
Reviled by conservatives, the 1960s Great Society program started out as health insurance for families on welfare and disabled people. But the link to welfare was broken long ago, and the federal-state program has grown to cover about 1 in 5 Americans, ranging from newborns to Alzheimer's patients in nursing homes, and even young adults trying to shake addiction. Although Medicaid still serves low-income people, middle-class workers are more likely to personally know someone who's covered.
Increased participation — and acceptance — means any new GOP attempt to address problems with the Affordable Care Act would be unlikely to achieve deep Medicaid cuts.
“This was an important moment to show that people do understand and appreciate what Medicaid does,” said Matt Salo, executive director of the National Association of Medicaid Directors, a nonpartisan group that represents state officials. “The more people understand what Medicaid is and what it does for them, the less interested they are in seeing it undermined.”
With Republicans in control of the White House, both chambers of Congress, and 34 out of 50 governorships, it would have been hard to imagine a more politically advantageous alignment for a conservative overhaul of Medicaid.
President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act expanded Medicaid to cover more low-income adults, many of them working jobs without health insurance. Thirty-one states have accepted the ACA's expansion, covering about 11 million people.
The GOP bills would have phased out funding for Obama's expansion, and also placed a limit on future federal spending for the entire program — a step now seen as overreach. Spending caps in the House and Senate bills translated to deep cuts that divided Republicans.
And GOP governors who had expanded the program couldn't swallow the idea of denying coverage to hundreds of thousands of constituents. Some went public with their opposition, while others quietly warned their congressional delegations about dire consequences.
Medicaid “is not yet at the Medicare and Social Security level because it isn't framed as something that you contribute to during your working years and you get it later as a commitment,” said Diane Rowland of the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation. “But I think there is a recognition that for all its flaws…it's really the nation's health care safety net.”
An AP-NORC poll taken last month found the public overwhelmingly opposed to GOP Medicaid cuts, by 62-22.
“You just can't do this to people who are in situations that they didn't put themselves in,” said Sara Hayden of Half Moon Bay, California. Unable to work as a data journalist due to complications of rheumatoid arthritis, she was able to get health insurance when her state expanded Medicaid.
Hayden estimates that one of the medications she takes would cost about $16,000 a month if she were uninsured. She pays nothing with Medi-Cal, as the Medicaid program is known in California.
“If they are going to repeal and replace, then I am dead in the water,” she said.
Brian Kline of Quakertown, Pennsylvania, works as a customer service representative, and got coverage after his state expanded Medicaid in 2015. Early last year he was diagnosed with colon cancer. After treatment that Medicaid paid for, his last CT scan was clear.
“You just wonder if the Republican bill had passed…what would have happened to me?” said Kline. “Would I have had access to my doctors and the tests to make sure my cancer didn't come back? I'm not sure what the answer to that question would have been.”
Many Republicans view Obama's Medicaid expansion as promoting wasteful spending, because the federal government pays no less than 90 percent of the cost of care, a higher matching rate than Washington provides for the rest of the program.
“That is not a good recipe for encouraging states to implement better, lower-cost models of care,” said Mark McClellan, who oversaw Medicare and Medicaid under former President George W. Bush.
Nonetheless, the debate showed Congress can't just elbow its way to a Medicaid overhaul.
“You are going to have to be gentle and thoughtful, working in a bipartisan way to see what ideas will reach across the aisle,” said Republican economist Gail Wilensky, also a former Medicare and Medicaid administrator.
The push for Medicaid changes will now shift to the states. Some on the political right are seeking federal approval for work requirements and drug testing. From the left, activists in the 19 states that have not yet expanded their programs are contemplating revived campaigns.
An area that could find bipartisan support is health promotion, since Medicaid beneficiaries tend to have higher rates of smoking and other harmful lifestyle factors.
Katherine Hempstead, who directs health insurance research for the nonpartisan Robert Wood Johnson Foundation says Medicaid has come out a “winner” — for now.
“I imagine these challenges to Medicaid will rise again,” she added. “But I think its supporters will also rise again.”
Related Coverage Hundreds rally in Indy after fatal violence in Charlottesville
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Deadly, race-fueled weekend clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia, have reignited a national conversation.
Race relations are at the forefront across the country — and right here in central Indiana.
“America seems to have come a long way, but I wonder if our hearts really have come the path also,” Mahogani Johnson said.
Avery Goodsmith of Danville said, “These white supremacists don't represent every white person.”
The actions of the white nationalists, particularly those in Charlottesville, don't come as a surprise to many.
“I wasn't shocked. It's more so a feeling of misunderstanding, and hurt; pain,” Johnson said.
“What happened in Charlottesville. and a lot of things have been happening lately, it's really sad and it's upsetting and I just want to do my part to say I'm not OK with that,” Goodsmith said.
Dominic Dorsey is also not OK with it. He's the founder of Don't Sleep, an Indianapolis organization that is working to put an end to social injustice and political indifference.
“It's been founded. The roots of racism are in this country, 400-plus years of slavery, when we talk about people of color whose backs have been stepped upon in order to make this country quote unquote great,” he said.
While Charlottesville has spawned the latest conversation, people are not confident that it'll be the last.
“We're in Indiana. There's no hate crime law here. What's to stop a Charlottesville from happening here,” Dorsey said.
Johnson added, “We're on all different pages. The sooner we can all come and read the same book of love and peace and unity, we'll be better as a country.”
The Central Indiana Alliance Against Hate is hosting its first Indiana Response to Hate Conference on Aug. 17 at Indianapolis Marriott East hotel. Registration begins at 8 a.m. and the first event begins at 9 a.m. The last event will be held at 4:25 p.m. The conference was scheduled prior to the events in Charlottesville. Click here for more information.
Standing inside the Giants' field house on Monday, Odell Beckham Jr. glanced around his surroundings and nodded to the Super Bowl banners hanging overhead.
He was asked: How would he feel if, with all the offensive weapons and options around him, his statistics take a dip this season?
Beckham never hesitated.
“See that banner? That's all I care about,'' Beckham said. “Honestly there's one, two, three four in here, I don't know where they put the fifth one, but they're gonna have to make room, because we need it.''
Beckham's proclamation came after a lengthy practice – one in which he wowed everyone on the scene, again, with an only-he-can-do-it, one-handed catch. Reiterating what he said earlier this summer, Beckham again stressed that his body and mind are in harmony like never before.
“Just personally the way that I feel mentally, physically, spiritually right now I'm just in a better place,'' he said. “I'm in a real good place. Things are flowing, just continue to push 'em in the right direction.
“I'm just in a different place. I don't even know how to explain it. I don't even feel like I'm here sometimes, my mind is just out of there.''
Beckham's body was where it was supposed to be back in January, when he played in his first NFL playoff game, against the Packers in Green Bay. Six days after taking a trip to Miami with teammates on a day off, Beckham was abysmal, dropping two passes and making little impact in a one-sided loss. Afterward, in frustration, Beckham slammed his fist through a sheet-rock wall outside the Giants locker room.
That loss fuels him.
“You have no idea,'' Beckham said. “I really thought about it, I even thought about it growing up, the Giants, historical team, the Packers, historical team, Lambeau Field, ice cold, perfect conditions, everything you can dream of, and wasn't able to capture the moment and did it in a horrible way, in a way that I woke up out of my sleep to. Didn't think it was real but I used that pain, I used that pain and I turned it in a positive energy.
“I posted on Instagram the other day, I said, ‘If you can't see it, you're gonna feel it.' That's just how I feel. If you can't see where I'm at then I'll make sure that you do.''
Oklahoma and Kansas can thank Canada for a dearth of tornadoes.
Neither state have had a confirmed tornado this year when statistically, they should each have had about 19 so far, according to AccuWeather Inc. Frequent dips of cold air from Canada have kept temperature and humidity surges to a minimum, while a storm track favoring a northern course across the U.S. has kept them away from moisture and heat in the deep South.
Oklahoma is prime territory for tornadoes this time of year, so not having any so far is really unusual. In fact, even this date has been busy; In records going back to 1982, there has almost always been a tornado somewhere in Oklahoma on April 24, according to the U.S. Storm Prediction Center in Norman, Oklahoma.
If Oklahoma gets through the rest of the month without a tornado it will be only the third time ever, after 1987 and 1988, according to State College, Pennsylvania-based AccuWeather. The latest start to tornado season in Kansas was May 28, 1980.
PRESS RELEASES
NetEnt, the leading provider of digital gaming solutions, and Ve Global (Ve), a marketing technology business that operates from product discovery through to purchase, have signed Mr Green to the companies' pioneering igaming media buying programme.
Multi-award-winning Mr Green, which offers online casino, sportsbook and live casino in 13 countries, is the latest operator to benefit from the partnership, which is the largest data-collaboration of its type in the industry.
The NetEnt and Ve-powered services will enable Mr Green to be more accurate and precise in its marketing activities, thanks to a first-to-market programmatic solution. It combines NetEnt's global data with Ve's Demand Side Platform (DSP), to improve online player acquisition and retention through greater personalisation and targeting.
Oskar Mühlbach, MD of Mr Green subsidiary Green Media, said: “NetEnt and Ve's media buying programme has the potential to be a true game-changer for online marketing in the igaming industry. We are excited by the opportunities and efficiencies it will bring to our business.”
Speaking ahead of ICE, Morten Tonnesen, CEO at Ve Global, said: “We're thrilled to welcome Mr Green, as customers in a growing community that's dedicated to a consumer-first approach within the iGaming industry. As a highly innovative casino operator, Mr Green and its leadership, have already led the charge on a number of technological fronts, and their commitment to improving customer journeys puts them at the forefront of the industry.”
Henrik Fagerlund, Chief Product Officer of NetEnt, said: “NetEnt and Ve are disrupting media buying strategies for online casino and, as an operator renowned for its innovation and ambition, Mr Green is perfectly placed to maximise the benefits. The programme will bring instant improvements across customer acquisition costs, retention rates and brand awareness.”
NetEnt and Ve will officially launch their media buying services to the international iGaming industry on NetEnt's stand (N3-242) at ICE Totally Gaming (February 6-8, 2018) at ExCeL, London.
For additional information please contact:
press@netent.com
NetEnt AB (publ) is a leading digital entertainment company, providing premium gaming solutions to the world's most successful online casino operators. Since its inception in 1996, NetEnt has been a true pioneer in driving the market with thrilling games powered by their cutting-edge platform. With innovation at its core, NetEnt is committed to helping customers stay ahead of the competition. NetEnt is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm (NET-B), employs 900 people and has offices in Stockholm, Malta, Kiev, Gothenburg, New Jersey, Krakow and Gibraltar. www.netent.com
Ve Global
Ve Global (“Ve”) exists to inspire our client's customers throughout their online journey, regardless of business size or sector. Founded in 2009, Ve started life developing basket recovery email technology. But that was just the beginning. Our appetite to predict and respond to consumer behaviour in the digital age led us to develop award-winning technologies, that attract the right audience, with the right message at the right time.
Today, we serve 10,000 clients across 18 territories, with our consumer-first solutions ensuring every customer enjoys the tailored and intuitive online experience they deserve.
Ve.com | @Ve_HeadQuarters press@netent.com
Comments
Notes are at 86 cents on the dollar, well above other debt
Creditors holding secured bonds from Venezuela's struggling state oil company are organizing ahead of an interest payment due Friday, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
The group of investors, which includes Ashmore Group Plc -- the largest reported holder of the $2.5 billion of notes due 2020 from Petroleos de Venezuela SA -- has tapped law firm White & Case LLP to advise them, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private. It's unclear how much of the debt the creditor group holds. Representatives for Ashmore and White & Case declined to comment.
The group is preparing for the possibility that PDVSA fails to make its $107 million payment due Friday, which after a grace period expires would entitle them to start the process to enforce their collateral rights. The bonds are backed by a first-priority lien on a 50.1 percent stake in Citgo Holding Inc., PDVSA's U.S. refining arm. Venezuela and its state-owned companies are behind on about $3.4 billion of obligations amid a severe shortage of hard currency and punishing international sanctions that have limited the country's ability to find financing.
Creditors are showing signs of getting restless almost six months after President Nicolas Maduro said the oil-exporting country would seek to restructure approximately $60 billion of debt. As arrears pile up with little indication that a resolution is imminent, a separate group of about 15 fund managers has formalized a committee to consider their next steps, tapping Millstein & Co. as financial adviser.
Presidential elections slated for next month may prove a catalyst for regime change, potentially easing the way for the lifting of U.S. sanctions that prevent the country from issuing new bonds that would generally be part of any restructuring. That's motivating some creditors to get themselves organized ahead of time. Still, analysts say opposition candidate Henri Falcon has little chance of an electoral victory.
At 86 cents on the dollar, PDVSA's 2020 bonds trade about 50 cents above the rest of the company's bonds, which are unsecured.
The nation's oil production has plunged amid a lack of investments and triple-digit inflation -- exacerbating Venezuela's shortage of dollars and basic goods. The country is mired in its worst-ever recession, creating an economic disaster that's driven 100,000 people a month to flee the nation.
A police officer formerly based at Sleaford is to face a public hearing accused of gross misconduct.
The conduct of Police Constable Darren Perry will be scrutinised at the hearing held in public on July 11 at Boston Police Station.
In a statement, Lincolnshire Police say the officer was previously based at Sleaford police station and is alleged to have breached standards of professional behaviour, namely integrity and discreditable conduct.
The statement goes on: “It is alleged that PC Perry engaged in a personal relationship whilst in work time, engaged in text communications whilst in work time that were both excessive and inappropriate, failed to take adequate steps in relation to reports of domestic violence, viewed inappropriate websites whilst on and off duty and actively participated in an inappropriate conversation on social media whilst off duty.
The identity of victims and witnesses will be protected during the hearing as appropriate.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Archbishop of Adelaide Philip Wilson was sentenced on Tuesday
A Catholic archbishop in Australia says he will appeal against his conviction for concealing child sexual abuse.
Archbishop of Adelaide Philip Wilson was found guilty in May of covering up abuse by a paedophile priest in New South Wales (NSW).
He is the most senior Catholic globally to be convicted of the crime.
During his trial, Wilson denied that he knew of the abuse of altar boys by a paedophile priest in the 1970s. He has so far refused to step down.
"I am conscious of calls for me to resign and have taken them very seriously," he said in a statement.
"However, at this time, I am entitled to exercise my legal rights and to follow the due process of law."
On Tuesday, a court sentenced Wilson to a maximum of 12 months in detention.
Magistrate Robert Stone ordered Wilson to be assessed for "home detention" - meaning he will probably avoid jail.
In May, a court found he had failed to report his colleague James Patrick Fletcher's abuse of altar boys to police in NSW.
Wilson, a junior priest at the time, had dismissed young victims in a bid to protect the Church's reputation, Magistrate Stone found.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption 'Wilson ignored my story for decades'
Fletcher was convicted of nine child sexual abuse charges in 2004, and died in jail two years later.
The archbishop's lawyers had sought to have the case thrown out on four occasions, citing the 67-year-old's diagnosis with Alzheimer's disease.
Wilson stood down from his duties following his conviction.
Earlier on Wednesday, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull called on the senior clergyman to resign as archbishop.
"I'm surprised that he has not resigned," Mr Turnbull told reporters.
"Clearly given the outcome of the case, the lawsuit, the prosecution - he should resign."
The Draymond Green Playoff Show got off to a positively insane start on Sunday.
You might have seen the amazing shots he swatted or the buckets he hit, but the statline is something to be marveled at:
19 points, 12 rebounds, nine assists, three steals, five blocks, 6-of-10 from the floor, 3-of-4 from three, just one turnover in 37 minutes
Look at that thing. Frame it, put it in a museum, whatever. It was everything the Golden State Warriors needed from Green in a game that was tied heading into the fourth quarter.
And it's proof that Green — who should absolutely win Defensive Player of the Year — is the most important player in this year's NBA playoffs.
Yes, really. We all know what to expect from stars like LeBron James, Kevin Durant, Steph Curry, Kawhi Leonard and James Harden. They're the centerpieces who, barring injury, will no doubt find that third or fourth gear with the pressure on.
But it's Green's irreplaceable combination of defensive prowess, versatility, tenacity and ability to score all over the floor that will decide if the Warriors take home a second ring in three years.
Take it from head coach Steve Kerr, via USA TODAY Sports:
“Draymond was amazing,” Kerr said. “He made some tremendous defensive plays. He made threes. He rebounded the ball. He had nine assists. He played a game that I'm not sure anyone else in the league is capable (of), honestly. He's so unique, and so important to us. He's phenomenal.”
Unique and important. That's what the difference will be for the Warriors, even on nights when Curry or Klay Thompson might be off, or if defenses are forced to pay full attention to Durant and the Splash Brothers.
Here's the X-factor for him: Green has to keep doing what he did in Game 1 against the Portland Trail Blazers while also staying away from the stuff that has gotten him into trouble.
For one, assuming the Warriors advance to the Finals, he's got to make sure he stays far, far away from opponent's groins.
Remember: That's the same Draymond Green who was suspended by the NBA for Game 5 of last year's Finals against the Cleveland Cavaliers. What happens next? James and the Cavs blow out the Green-less Dubs, giving momentum back to the Cavaliers. You know the rest: Blowing a 3-1 lead became a meme.
It's finding that fine line between needling an opponent to throw him off his game and getting the league's attention for the wrong reasons.
Green also has to make sure that if Durant or anyone else struggles that he doesn't do what he did during the regular season: Getting in Durant's face as he did in January and February. Even if Green thinks he's helping or pushing his teammates, the best thing he can do is lead with his fiery play.
Draymond ain't happy with KD pic.twitter.com/bc97cDJaZg — Full Court Prez (@fullcourtprez) January 7, 2017
Earlier this month, when Green was asked about Durant's return and how he'll fit back in after recovering from a knee injury, he gave a terrific answer, proving he knows what this team needs:
Draymond Green isn't worried about Kevin Durant fitting in upon his return. In fact he doesn't want Durant thinking about "fitting in". pic.twitter.com/FAeDaJCl24 — 95.7 The GAME (@957thegame) April 3, 2017
That mentality and that incredible Game 1 performance should give the Warriors confidence that Green can continue doing Draymond Green things … hopefully without the sideshow that comes with them.
Image copyright HBO Image caption Hackers have leaked unaired episodes of Curb Your Enthusiasm scheduled for broadcast in October
Hackers have continued to plague HBO by leaking unaired episodes of Curb Your Enthusiasm over the weekend.
The data dump also included episodes of Insecure, Ballers, Barry, The Deuce, a comedy special and other programming, according to the Associated Press.
An earlier leak indicated HBO had offered the blackmailers $250,000 (£192,300), Variety reported.
Over recent weeks, one Game of Thrones episode, scripts and sensitive internal documents have also been exposed.
'Bounty payment'
HBO confirmed that its computer network had been attacked on 31 July.
The hackers claimed to have stolen 1.5TB of company data and demanded a multimillion-dollar ransom to prevent them from leaking sensitive proprietary files, as well as entire television series.
It has now emerged that the television network offered a "bounty payment" to the hackers on 27 July, according to Variety.
"You have the advantage of having surprised us," a member of HBO's technology team is reported to have said in an email.
"In the spirit of professional cooperation, we are asking you to extend your deadline for one week."
HBO has said that it does not intend to release a statement each time the hackers leak more information.
"It has been widely reported that there was a cyber-incident at HBO," the television network said on Sunday.
"The hacker may continue to drop bits and pieces of stolen information in an attempt to generate media attention.
"That is a game we are not going to participate in."
Obama's education secretary throws de Blasio a charter school curveball Former Obama Education Secretary Arne Duncan threw Mayor de Blasio a curveball Tuesday when he joined Hizzoner on a teleconference to back renewal of mayoral control of schools — but...
Arne Duncan resigns, one of last members of Obama's original Cabinet WASHINGTON — Education Secretary Arne Duncan, one of the longest-serving members of President Barack Obama's Cabinet, will step down in December, officials said Friday. In a letter to his staff...
Duncan digs at California teacher tenure during Obama meeting Just days after a national teachers' union called for his head, Education Secretary Arne Duncan took a swipe at the low-bar that teachers have to clear to get tenure. On...
Team Obama's War on Schools for Poor Give the Obama administration credit for consistency if nothing else when it comes to targeting the for-profit education sector. In March, the Department of Education proposed new rules (whose public...
5 things to know about the campus sexual assault probe WASHINGTON — It's a list that no college or university wants to be on. The Education Department on Thursday revealed the names of 55 colleges and universities facing a Title...
Harvard, Dartmouth among 55 schools facing sex assault probe WASHINGTON — Fifty-five colleges and universities — big and small, public and private — are being investigated over their handling of sexual abuse complaints under Title IX, the Education Department...
Suck it up, soccer moms: Arne Duncan is right over Common Core Suck it up, soccer moms. Arne Duncan is right. Duncan is US secretary of education, and on Friday he tossed a lit cherry-bomb: “It's fascinating to me that some of...
Arne Duncan's common core gaffe In an apology on CNN Monday, Arne Duncan conceded “his wording” and “his phrasing” had been “a little clumsy.” The education secretary claims he meant to say that “children from...
Houston Astros starting pitcher Dallas Keuchel (60) hands the ball to manager AJ Hinch as he leaves during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in New York. Frank Franklin II AP Photo
LAPORTE, Ind. (AP) — Advocacy groups in northwestern Indiana plans to train family and friends of drug addicts how to use the overdose antidote naloxone.
LaPorte County Drug Free Partnership director Joseph Bunch tells The Northwest Indiana Times that his group is partnering with the nonprofit Overdose Lifeline Inc. to train 100 people on how to administer an intranasal dosage of the antidote. It can reverse potentially fatal overdoses from opioid painkillers and heroin. The training will be Jan. 21.
Indiana allows residents to obtain naloxone without a prescription from pharmacies or agencies that are registered with the state. Residents must be trained in administering the antidote.
Bunch says the training is aimed at the right audience because “family or friends of the addict are the ones who want to help.”
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Now Playing: Watch This Beautiful Fireworks Time Lapse
Now Playing: Drone Shows Scene of Turkey Nightclub Attack
Now Playing: Manhunt Continues for Shooter in Istanbul Nightclub Attack That Killed 39
Now Playing: Stepped-Up Security at New Year Celebrations Seen Across the Globe
Now Playing: Manhunt Launched for Shooter in Istanbul Nightclub Massacre
Now Playing: Dozens Killed in Attack on Istanbul Nightclub
Now Playing: Turkey Nightclub Terror Attack Kills at Least 39
Now Playing: Rio De Janeiro Celebrates the Start of 2017
Now Playing: Moscow Celebrates the Start of 2017
Now Playing: United Arab Emirates Celebrates the Start of 2017
Now Playing: Karachi, Pakistan Celebrates the Start of 2017
Now Playing: Sydney, Australia Celebrates the Start of 2017
Now Playing: Hong Kong Celebrates the Start of 2017
Now Playing: Dog Protects Furry Friend For Two Days After Being Injured by Train
Now Playing: President-Elect Donald Trump Calls Vladimir Putin 'Very Smart'
Now Playing: Rainfall Causes Massive Floods in Turkey
Now Playing: Rothschild Giraffe Born at Chester Zoo
Now Playing: Official: 'No Explosion' in Deadly Russian Plane Crash
Now Playing: US to Respond to Alleged Russian Hacking
Bloomberg Markets AM with Pimm Fox and Lisa Abramowicz.
GUESTS: Lynn Franco, Director of Economic Indicators at the Conference Board, and Carl Riccadonna, Chief Economist for Bloomberg Economics, on April Consumer Confidence data.
Running time 06:17
Because sometimes the world is a very good place, two members of the Spice Girls — Melanie Chisholm and Victoria Beckham — reunited on stage at a New Year's Eve bash to sing When Two Become One.
Why am I not spending New Year's Eve in the Maldives where Melanie C and Victoria Beckham are singing together A video posted by Mikey Pop (@djmikeypop) on Dec 31, 2016 at 5:33pm PST
“Candlelight and soul forever ❤,” Chisholm wrote on Instagram. “A wonderful start to 2017 xxx.”
Candlelight and soul forever ❤ A wonderful start to 2017 xxx A photo posted by Melanie C (@melaniecmusic) on Dec 31, 2016 at 11:36pm PST
According to reports, the Beckhams invited Melanie C to perform at their New Year's Eve bash in the Maldives.
And in other news of singers in the Beckham family, comes this video of Cruz Beckham:
Image copyright Sofia Baguley Image caption Sofia and Kitt's two children said they were supporting both sides
For one family watching the Colombia v England World Cup match there was an extra level of tension.
Colombian Sofia Baguley and her English husband, Kitt, watched the match together in their Tunbridge Wells home.
Sofia said: "I had to cover my head with my Colombian flag and couldn't bear to watch the last two penalties."
James, the couple's 13-year-old son, was supporting both teams, while their daughter, Gabriela, had her headphones on for the game, Sofia said.
"I'm really sorry," the 11-year-old said, after the game, giving her mum a huge hug.
'So unfair'
The couple had prepared a family meal with food from both countries before the match on Tuesday.
England's first ever penalty shootout win in a World Cup secured a quarter-final meeting with Sweden on Saturday afternoon.
Image copyright Sofie Baguley Image caption Dad, Kitt supported his native England...
Image copyright Sofia Baguley Image caption Mum Sofia supported Colombia - the kids remained neutral
Sofia said: "It was horrid watching the match. I dreaded penalties - it's so unfair, isn't it?
For Kitt it was "the happiest time in his life", she said.
"My husband is so happy. He wanted to see England do well in a penalty shootout during is lifetime."
You may also like
The two children remained neutral in the build-up to the match in Moscow, and even Sofia admitted to some mixed feelings following the game.
"I love England so I'm happy deep down.
"I'm really upset now, but it will pass."
Kitt said he felt guilty about celebrating in front of his wife, but the couple say they are now looking forward to supporting England on Saturday.
Sofia said she would now support England and thinks they have a good chance of making it the final.
"If England win the World Cup I'll be glad that we were defeated by the winners."
Thousands of outpatients in Tayside are not being seen within recommended waiting times, the Tele can reveal.
The backlog of people waiting for outpatient appointments — where patients have been referred to hospital but don't require a stay — was the highest it has been for five years at the end of 2016/17, according to figures released by NHS Tayside.
There were 22,189 people waiting for an appointment by March 31, up from 19,796 at the same time in 2016.
Of those patients, 2,108 had waited more than 16 weeks, and 3,029 had waited more than 12 weeks.
The Scottish Government has standards for the maximum time that patients should have to wait for NHS services in Scotland.
Holyrood guidelines state that no patient should wait longer than 12 weeks for a new outpatient appointment at a consultant-led clinic.
Councillor Kevin Keenan, the leader of the opposition Labour group on Dundee City Council, said members of the NHS Tayside board, including local councillors and the health secretary Shona Robison, needed to look into the issue “as a matter of urgency”.
He added: “The life expectancy in Dundee is lower than the national average, and although that is linked to poverty it's worrying that people are waiting longer than they should for appointments.
“Their health could be deteriorating while they wait. That's not the sort of service we should expect from the NHS.”
Dr Alan Cook, medical director for NHS Tayside's operational unit, said waiting times were regularly reviewed.
He said: “NHS Tayside is committed to providing high-quality, timely access to care and treatment.
“There's an increasing level of referrals as people live longer with multiple, long-term conditions and complex needs, as well as clinical staffing shortages. This means that unfortunately some patients are waiting longer to be seen.
“NHS Tayside continues to invest resources to ensure that as many patients as possible are seen within the waiting time standards, with waiting times reviewed on a regular basis across all services.”
Councillor Ken Lynn, chairman of Dundee health and social care integrated joint board, declined to comment on the matter.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Local members of the Freedom From Religion Foundation have requested religious items removed from local government buildings in Lea County and sent a complaint regarding the City of Hobbs' involvement in a recent community event.
A member of the group complained to New Mexico Junior College recently regarding decorative crosses seen in public view on campus. Hobbs resident and foundation member Jeremy Wood asked the Hobbs City Commission at a recent meeting to remove the Ten Commandments monument at Hobbs City Hall. And earlier this week, a lawyer with the foundation, Christopher Line, sent a complaint to the City of Hobbs regarding its sponsorship of the Martin Luther King, Jr., event that took place on Jan. 15.
Kelvin Sharp, president of NMJC, said he became aware in June that someone visiting the campus was taking pictures of items in buildings.
“Dennis Kelley, the facilities manager, walked this visitor around the campus and the visitor took notes of where the crosses were,” Sharp said. “Then, in June, I received a letter from him registering a complaint about the crosses. He said he observed numerous crosses of Christianity on display in both buildings he visited and he objected to them because they were not in a personal workspace.”
Sharp responded to the letter, saying that he had met with staff and on advice of the school's attorney, the crosses were either removed or relocated.
At about that same time, Sharp said he received a letter from the foundation signed by Line.
“We ask you to remove the crosses on display at New Mexico Junior College immediately. Please inform us in writing of the steps you are taking to resolve this matter,” the letter read.
The letter was accompanied by a newsletter from the foundation. The newsletter contained articles about the court cases the foundation had won in circumstances similar to that at NMJC and the letter contained a listing the names of the cases it had won.
On June 18, Sharp replied, “Please be advised the areas cited in the letter to NMJC, dated June 18, 2018, have been addressed.”
Sharp said that part of his job as president is to protect the school against unnecessary legal exposure.
“And since the law is clear on the subject of displaying religious objects in places paid for by tax money, I just walked around and talked to each person (who had crosses displayed),” he said. “I told them they didn't have to take their crosses home, but to put them some place in their offices where they could enjoy them, but where they wouldn't be visible to the public. And the college went right on with its business of educating students.”
The issue with the Ten Commandments at Hobbs City Hall started during the public comments portion of the Jan. 16 city commission meeting. The commission listened to Wood, who asked that the monument, located on the west side of city hall, be taken down.
Wood gave the commission historical examples of violations of church and state as his reasons for the request.
“In 1968, just two years before the date engraved on the monument outside, Mr. Maurice Bessinger lost his appeal to the SCOTUS (Supreme Court of the United States) fighting a suit brought against him for refusing service to a black woman at his barbecue restaurant claiming that the Civil Rights Act was invalid because it contravenes the will of God,” Wood told the commission. “It is that same God, which so boldly, yet erroneously asserts to be my God on the stone outside which has been installed, moved and maintained at public expense.”
“Politicians in towns like Hobbs have used public resources to promote their own religious beliefs and, in doing so, have denied their most vulnerable constituents their first and 14th Amendment rights,” Wood stated. “Now is the time the city must decide whether it will promote itself as a community, which thrives on diversity and egalitarian ideals, or (a) safe haven for ethnic and religious nationalists, which puts the religion of its majority population above the law. Please take down the monument.”
Toward the end of his statement, Commissioner Garry Buie began to laugh out loud, just as Commissioner Pat Taylor asked Wood some follow-up questions. At the end of the discussion between Buie, Taylor and Wood ended with Buie asking Wood, “What about my rights?” of which Wood did not respond.
After the meeting, Buie was asked what it was that caused his laughter.
“It's the statements that were made,” Buie said. “Individuals saying it affects them that the Ten Commandments are up there. It would affect me if they weren't up there. He's taking my rights away too. I don't appreciate that. I think it is something that we all need to look at.”
The third issue came forth when Interim City Manager Manny Gomez received a letter from Line regarding the MLK event. The letter describes that a “concerned Hobbs resident” contacted the foundation about a “city sponsored” event that ended with a post-march celebration including “religious music performed by a gospel group and numerous speakers that made reference to god and Jesus.”
“It is laudable that the city is celebrating Dr. King and promoting unity within the community. However, including gospel music and religious messages in the celebration is inappropriate.”
As Wood did with the commission, the letter offered a variety of church vs. state court cases supporting the view. Wood was a participant of the march and helped hold a “Black Lives Matter” flag during the event.
City attorney Mike Stone gave a comment regarding two complaints Friday afternoon.
“We will evaluate the complaints in an appropriate manner,” Stone said.
A phone message from the News-Sun was left for Wood and no response was given by press time on Friday.
These Extraordinary True Stories Will Remind You About the Power of Trust
Taking a leap of faith and trusting someone else is one of the scariest things you can do, but these people's stories prove that it's worth it.
General News of Tuesday, 15 August 2017
Source: ghananewsagency.org
2017-08-15
play videoPresident Akufo-Addo
Government has designed policy reforms to make Ghana the most business-friendly nation in Africa to accelerate socio-economic development and prosperity for all.
To this end, government had outlined a 10-point agenda to transform the industrial sector of the national economy that would create job opportunities for the teeming unemployed youth and ensure prosperity for all Ghanaians.
Addressing stakeholders at the opening of the Second Edition of the National Policy Summit, in Accra, on Monday, President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, mentioned the industrial agenda which were anchored on the following areas: building competitive businesses of existing local industries by facilitating access to medium and long term financing at low interest rate and implementing the One District, One Factory initiative designed to bring industrialisation to the doorsteps of the people.
The summit, organised by the Ministry of Information which featured the Ministry of Trade and Industry, is on the theme: ‘‘The Industrial Transformation of Ghana''.
The platform was created to inform Ghanaians on government strategies to revamp the economy for sustained growth and national prosperity.
The event brought together captains of industry, members of Parliament, the diplomatic community, entrepreneurs, traditional rulers, youth groups and a cross-section of Ghanaians.
President Akufo-Addo enumerated other initiatives including introduction of strategic anchor industrial initiatives to create new growth poles for the Ghanaian economy, establishment of industrial parks and special economic zones in at least one of the ten regions (One Region, One Park) and promoting small and medium-scale enterprise development.
Others are; establishment of an industrial sub-contracting expo that would link a certain need of supply chain of large-scale enterprises, promote export diversification with particular emphasis on non-traditional exports, improve domestic retail trade and promote domestically manufactured goods (i.e Made in Ghana goods)
The rest are; enhancing the business enabling environment to regulate businesses to perform and promote public-private sector dialogue as institutionalise process for consultation.
He said the government's agenda for economic growth and job creation was underpinned by programme of rapid and aggressive industrialisation and value addition, especially in agro-processing and vibrant manufacturing.
The President observed that these policy initiatives and programmes would be complemented by other policy interventions across government to leverage optimal support for the development of the private sector.
He said these policy initiatives had been crafted after extensive consultations and engagements with the private sector and others players and, thus solicited the unflinching support of all Ghanaians, particularly the private sector to ensure a successful implementation.
He assured the business community and all stakeholders of his personal commitment to ensure the successful implementation of the initiatives that would be one of the significant contributions of his government to the transformation of the national economy.
President Akufo-Addo noted that these policy frameworks were in line with the New Patriotic Party's campaign promises made during the electioneering in 2016 that would help businesses to expand and create jobs and promote the growth of entrepreneurship particularly the youth.
He explained: ‘‘It is against this background that in the 2017 Asempa Budget we introduced a number of far reaching reforms designed to reduce the cost of doing business for the private sector and shift government economic policy away from a fixation of taxation to emphasis on production''.
Amongst other measures, he said, was the announcement of tax-cuts amounting to over one billion cedis in this year's budget, which was read to Parliament by the Finance Minister in March.
TOKYO: Japan's SoftBank said Wednesday it will buy US asset manager Fortress Investment Group for $3.3 billion, as it moves to hire experienced money managers before launching a major technology investment fund.
The mobile giant said it was paying $8.08 a share for New York-based Fortress, a 39 percent premium on its February 13 close price.
Fortress is a global investment firm with 1,100 employees and $70.1 billion in assets under management as of September last year, according to a joint statement.
SoftBank said the firm's top management would stay in place and it would continue to operate independently under its umbrella.
“We look forward to benefiting from its leadership, broad-based expertise and world-class investment platform,” said SoftBank chief executive Masayoshi Son.
Son was among the first business people to meet Donald Trump after his November election victory.
SoftBank's founder pledged to invest $50 billion in business and job-creation in the United States, winning praise from the then-president-elect.
Son later said the money would come from the $100 billion technology investment fund he is setting up with Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund and other partners, a move announced in mid-October.
The Japanese billionaire plans to use the SoftBank Vision Fund to invest heavily in the “Internet of Things,” artificial intelligence and robotics.
SoftBank, which is little known outside Japan, has gone on an acquisition spree over the years. It paid $22 billion for 80 percent of US mobile carrier Sprint in 2013 and more recently announced the $32-billion purchase of British iPhone chip designer ARM Holdings — raising concerns about its debt-heavy balance sheet.
SoftBank shares rose 1.58 percent to close at 8,670 yen in Tokyo on Wednesday.
SoftBank has said it will put up about $25 billion for the Vision Fund over the next five years, while the Saudi public investment fund's contribution could reach $45 billion.
SoftBank is aiming to close the first round of investment in the Vision Fund by the end of this month, Bloomberg News reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
US tech giants Apple and Qualcomm, as well as Oracle chairman Larry Ellison will invest $1.0 billion each in the fund, Bloomberg said.
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United have completed the capture of full-back Leif Davis from League Two outfit Morecambe and he is buzzing to get started.
The Whites are looking to bolster the ranks at Under-23 level and have swooped to make sure the 18-year-old continues his development at Thorp Arch.
Leeds have locked down Davis on a three-year deal at the club and the defender says he is hugely excited about joining the Yorkshire giants.
He told the club's official site: "I'm absolutely buzzing to sign, it is a privilege to be here and I can't wait to get started.
"It was a great experience to be at a professional club in Morecambe and it has been a stepping stone to get to where I am now, it shows if you put the hard work in, you can get the rewards", David added.
Davis did not break through to the first team at Morecambe, meaning Leeds fans may be unsure of the type of player the Whites are getting. But the teenager has explained he classes himself as a modern full-back who likes to get forward.
And he is aiming to take big strides forward in his development with Leeds.
"I was a two year scholar at Morecambe and whilst I didn't make my debut, I was training with the first team week in week out.
"I'm a modern day attacking left back and I love getting forwards, my aim is to play in the first team one day and hopefully I can do well here and progress.
"Playing with better players makes you a better player, the facilities at Thorp Arch are amazing and I can't wait for the season to get under way", he added.
Davis will continue his development under the watchful eye of Leeds Under-23s boss Carlos Corberan.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's skyhook can be explained — like all things — through the laws of physics.
The retired NBA legend discussed the physics of his famous skyhook with Neil deGrasse Tyson on an upcoming episode of the astrophysicist's show ‘StarTalk' on Sunday on the National Geographic Channel.
“You want to shoot a high arc-ing shot that drops,” he said. “You don't want to get it just to crawl over it.”
Why?
“The more the ball can just go down, the greatest chance it has for going in,” Tyson explained.
If it just crawls over it — the cross-section changes, they explained. It becomes smaller, making it less likely to go in.
“So your shot should have a high arc and just come straight down,” Abdul-Jabbar said.
By Camden Proud
OSWEGO, NY (July 3, 2018) – Oswego Speedway kicked off its busiest month of the season this past Saturday, June 30 with the Independence Weekend ‘Grand Prix' event beginning a stretch of four races in four weeks at the ‘Steel Palace' which will continue this Saturday, July 7 with a ‘Road to the Championship' event presented by Helena Agri-Enterprises.
This Saturday night, pit gates will open at 3:00pm, grandstands and hot laps at 4:30pm, time trials will take place at 6:15pm, and heat racing will get the green flag at 6:45pm with regular distance 50 and 30-lap main events for the Novelis Supermodifieds and Pathfinder Bank SBS to follow.
General admission seating is only $15 for this Saturday's regular show with kids 16 and under free with a paid adult.
Reserved seating and $75 VIP packages including seating in one of our VIP suites, all you can eat and drink, plus Sky Deck passes are available by phoning the track office at (315)-342-0646 or sending an email to oswegospeedway@gmail.com.
Race night sponsor Helena Agri-Enterprises headquartered in Collierville, Tennessee, is one of the foremost agronomic solutions providers in the United States.
Helena markets and sells inputs that improve agricultural productivity for greater customer returns. This includes seed and seed treatments, fertilizer and application services, crop protectants, financial services and precision ag services.
Helena also has its own line of products through Helena Products Group, which includes adjuvants, crop protection products, fertilizers, crop production products and seed treatments.
Helena's theme of People…Products…Knowledge… reinforces the company's commitment to helping customers succeed through knowledgeable and dedicated people, useful and unique products and the latest proven technologies.
Across the country, Helena has over 4,000 employees that work in about 450 branch locations, as well as division offices.
For more information on Helena Agri-Enterprises, you can visit their website online at HelenaAgri.com or find them on Facebook and Twitter.
For the latest updates from Oswego Speedway, be sure to visit online at OswegoSpeedway.com. You can also FOLLOW on Twitter @OswegoSpeedway or LIKE on Facebook at Facebook.com/OswegoSpeedway.
NEW YEAR, NEW you. Right? For almost half of people surveyed in the US by YouGov, ‘losing weight/getting in shape' was top of their resolution list at the start of this year.
But unless you're an already established gym bunny, or blessed with a metabolism which would mystify most medics, it's a resolution you've probably broken at least once.
So how can you make it stick for 2018? It's a question even the creators of some of the world's best health and fitness apps have struggled with. “Health is simple; eat well, exercise, sleep,” according to Marcus Gners, founder of health app, Lifesum.
At HealthConf, Web Summit's health technology event held November last, he and other industry experts debated where to next for their apps: “[Fitness] is theoretically simple but very hard to influence… How do you drive motivation over time while compensating for the fact people are human?”
It's tempting, as Irish cynics, to simply say: “Well if you don't know, how would I?” but the fact is; no one does. “No one has really cracked yet how to do that,” Mette Lykke says; she's the Danish founder of Endomondo, a health and fitness app so popular, it was acquired by sports giant Under Armour two years ago for more than €70 million.
But it too had problems taking things to the next level, as do all apps in the field, according to Mette – “[How to] make it really personal with tips, training and advice, to replace a personal trainer, which few people can afford … That's a promise we never deliver on.”
While it might not quite be time to tell your trainer you've decided that ‘PT' now stands for past-tense, app experts are adamant, that day will come. In the meantime, they hope their digital offerings can keep you on track – and there's certainly no shortage of them.
Source: Peter Bernik via Shutterstock
While the top charts fluctuate, there are some unshakeable stalwarts. In Ireland, My Fitness Pal remains the most downloaded health app in the country, according to app market data company, App Annie.
It holds the top spot on both the IOS and android charts here and with good reason – its food logging database is user-friendly and its RDA (recommended daily allowance) reminders cut out the hassle of manually calculating what you've consumed. From personal experience, it's the market's most stress-free, least annoying offering, if you're trying to ease into being healthier.
Fitbit, too, is pretty stress-free, offers a similar service to My Fitness Pal, and syncs with all your phone's other data, to simplify your digital housekeeping. It helps you log your steps, food, sleep and prompts you with reminders to get up and move. The downside? You'll need the hardware to reap the benefits, and wearables, while cheaper than they used to be, will still set you back: depending on the model, a Fitbit here could cost you anything from €40 to €190.
Obviously, some are willing to pay that, considering Fitbit's long stint as the world's top wearable; a title it lost to Apple only last year. And since it's in third and fourth position respectively on the Irish IOS and android chart, we seem to like our wearables.
Favourite apps
Another app to feature in the top five of both lists is Headspace; an increasingly prominent name in the ‘alternative health' tech dialogue. The company was founded by a meditation expert who trained for a decade with buddhist monks and the appeal of guided digital meditations for stressed, burned out professionals is obvious.
It's tempting to think the people pushing it to the top of the Irish chart are the same ones inflating the price of avocados and ordering matcha tea… in reality, everyone from your bus driver to your kids' montessori teacher is likely logging on.
The drawback is, while it's free to download initially, it requires a subscription after 30 days. But with prices from €7 a month, there are worse and less healthy things to spend your money on.
For what it's worth, at HealthConf, our favourites align with those already mentioned. We're also fans of Bodyspace, Runkeeper, Samsung Health, Apple Health and Google fit. Like most things, finding the best fit for you is a case of trial, error, and looking at your own goals and circumstances.
It's also about paying attention to your own user data – that and consistency are the quickest ways to make real changes, according to the man behind Fitbit, Eric Friedman.
After the company rolled out reminders to move, “we saw in the data, [users] started to move more … and then needed fewer and fewer reminders over time – their behaviour was changing”, Eric told us at HealthConf.
He's analysing the data of six billion users: you need to look at just one. Because the data in what you're downloading this new year can make your resolutions that much easier to keep the next time around.
Yvonne Redmond is Speaker Director at Web Summit, and runs HealthConf; the event's dedicated platform for innovation in health and medical technology.
The gun control issue addressed by the current exhibit at the San Jose Museum of Quilts and Textiles is meant to inspire the kind of discussion that keeps people up at night.
“I wanted to insert more social and political issues into our exhibit calendar,” said Curator Amy DiPlacido. “A lot of works in this show would never get put on a bed.”
“Guns: Loaded Conversations” came about after the shootings at Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida, in June 2016, which left 49 dead and 53 wounded.
“At the time, the politics of gun control were on everyone's mind,” DiPlacido said. “The shooting happened without any solid (political) action afterward.”
On the artistic front, the international nonprofit Studio Art Quilt Associates (SAQA) put together a traveling exhibit on gun violence and gun control in the wake of the Pulse shootings. Thirty of the works in “Loaded Conversations” are by SAQA artists; DiPlacido curated an additional 10 pieces for the San Jose stop on the exhibit's three-year tour.
The artworks range from Claire Passmore's “Where Do You Keep Yours?,” a childlike depiction of what can happen when gun owners leave their firearms where kids can find them, to Noelle Mason's “Nothing Much Happened Today,” a cross-stitch rendering of a photo of Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris during their shooting spree at Colombine High School in 1999.
While most of the works in the exhibit come down in favor of tighter gun control, DiPlacido said the museum's goal was to act as a neutral presenter. To that end, visitors are asked to vote, using spent shell casings, on whether U.S. gun control laws should be tighter.
“So much in the news has been polarizing,” said the curator. “Art can cover the middle ground.”
The museum hosted a free community day around the exhibit on June 30, which included a panel discussion on gun control. “Loaded Conversations” closes July 15 with a discussion on the social and cultural significance of guns, led by Stanford University law Prof. John J. Donohue III.
“He'll talk about the history of how we got to where we are with guns in our culture,” DiPlacido said. “And solutions—what someone can do to get involved.”
Besides engaging the community in the gun control debate, DiPlacido said the museum intends for the exhibit to attract visitors who may not normally gravitate toward the media involved.
“We really wanted to create a safe space for people to be educated on appreciating quilts and textiles, all around the gun debate,” she added. “Hopefully, people will come in and be surprised that it's all textiles.
“They'll go for the concept of the show and be surprised by the media.”
“Guns: Loaded Conversations” runs through July 15 at the San Jose Museum of Quilts and Textiles, 520 S. First St. Museum hours are Wednesday-Friday, 11 a.m.-4 p.m., and Saturday-Sunday, 11 a.m.-3 p.m. Admission is $6.50-$8.
“Bang! Bang! Discussing America's Second Amendment,” led by Stanford law Prof. John J. Donohue, is set for July 15 at 3 p.m. at the museum. Admission is $15 for museum members and $25 non-members. For more information, visit https://www.sjquiltmuseum.org/events or call 408-971-0323.
When things aren't going well in your marriage, don't have a baby. This advice, which seems obvious to most of us, apparently bears repeating. Even though Janet Jackson's relationship with billionaire Qatari businessman Wissam Al Mana was already on the rocks, she thought it was time to get knocked up.
According to The Post's Stacy Brown she thought a baby would help their relationship, which was strained over her husband's demands that Jackson dress more modestly and do a little less bumping and grinding on stage. Now, only three months after the baby's birth, the couple has split.
BEING SINGLE ACTUALLY HAS SOME REAL HEALTH BENEFITS
It's perfectly possible that Jackson knew that her biological clock was ticking and didn't really care if Al Mana was going to be around for the long haul, but many couples do think that having a baby is the answer to marital problems. It is easy to see the temptation. Beyond the initial efforts of getting pregnant in the first place, ahem, women and many men enjoy the anticipation of a baby's arrival. Talking about baby names, reminiscing about the arrival of older children, breaking the news to family, baby showers, “nesting” — these often bring joy to both partners.
Men also tend to become more protective of their pregnant wives and future children, bringing an aura of closeness to a relationship.
But then the moment arrives. And according to a 2009 study by Brian Doss of the University of Miami, babies put a big strain on marriages. Tracking the relationships of 218 couples over eight years, Doss and his colleagues found that the birth of the first baby was followed by more problems in communication, decreases in couples' confidence that their relationship would last, and declines in their overall satisfaction with the marriage.
6 MYTHS ABOUT DATING OVER AGE 50, DEBUNKED
Which is really not surprising, folks. Having a baby is kind of an all-hands-on-deck experience. If you are not happy with the crew of your boat when the waters are calm, things aren't going to get better when the boat starts sinking.
Even fairly happy marriages experience problems when babies come along. In her new book “How Not to Hate Your Husband After Kids,” Jancee Dunn describes her “dreamy” life before children. She and her husband, “would walk up and down the street and talk about names.”
“That was so much fun,” she told the Washington Post. “But we didn't have the most basic conversations about whom, after I went back to work, will take care of the baby when she gets sick. We hadn't talked about: Is religion going to play a role, what roles are the grandparents going to have, what will we do on weekends, who will do what chores around the house?”
8 SIGNS YOU MIGHT BE DATING A NARCISSIST
Once the first child arrives, things become much more stressful. The pattern is easy to see among celebrities. Blac Chyna and Robert Kardashian Jr. had a baby together in November and then broke up in December. Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick made it six months after the birth of a child before breaking up. Gwen Stefani had a baby with Gavin Rossdale in February 2014. They had filed for divorce by the summer of 2015. Drew Barrymore and Will Kopelman lasted two years after the birth of their daughter before announcing their split.
Maybe these couples were having babies in order to save their relationships, or perhaps a baby destroyed what was otherwise a perfectly stable marriage. A 2015 study found that the loss of personal happiness experienced by mothers and fathers in the first two years after a child was born was greater than the loss that came from divorce, the loss of a job or — amazingly — the death of a partner.
There are obvious reasons for this. The amount of sleep we get is deeply related to our happiness and there is little that compares with the sleep deprivation that comes from having an infant. But there are other factors as well. Brian Doss notes that “couples do tend to become more traditional in their division of labor (especially around child care) after the birth of the first baby.” And if one partner or the other is not happy with that arrangement it could lead to more tension in the marriage. Janet Jackson's husband, it seems, wanted her to cut back on her touring and take a less public position even before the baby arrived. After the baby came, Al Mana insisted the family live according to strict Muslim custom, which prevents a new mom from even being seen in public while nursing the baby, according to The Post's Brown.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS
It used to be, of course, that having a baby together almost guaranteed a couple would stay together. (It still doesn't look right for a man to leave a woman while she's pregnant.) Indeed, many marriages were made just for the purposes of ensuring a child was legitimate. But while having a baby today might seem like a good way to keep things going, it's not a good plan in the long run.
As Scott Stanley, a marriage researcher at the University of Denver, notes, “A baby bump is no longer an automatic staying bump.”
First published on the New York Post.
A young computer hacker who prosecutors say unwittingly worked with a Russian spy agency was sentenced to five years in prison Tuesday for using data stolen in a massive Yahoo data breach to gain access to private emails.
US Judge Vince Chhabria also fined Karim Baratov $250,000 during a sentencing hearing in San Francisco.
Baratov was named in a federal indictment last year that charged two Russian spies with orchestrating the 2014 Yahoo breach involving 500 million users. Baratov was charged with using that stolen data passed to him by Russia's Federal Security Service to hack dozens of email accounts of journalists, business leaders and others.
Prosecutors said Baratov, 23, was an “international hacker for hire” who did little or no research of his customers.
He pleaded guilty in November to nine felony hacking charges. He acknowledged that he began hacking as a teen seven years ago and charged customers $100 a hack to access web-based emails.
Baratov, who was born in Kazakhstan but lived in Toronto, Canada, where he was arrested last year, charged customers to obtain another person's webmail passwords by tricking them to enter their credentials into a fake password reset page.
Prosecutors said in court papers that Baratov's Russian-language web site named “webhacker” advertised services for “hacking of email accounts without prepayment.”
Prosecutors said Russian security service paid Baratov to target dozens of email accounts using information obtained from the Yahoo hack. Prosecutors argued that Russia's Federal Security Service targeted Russian journalists, US and Russian government officials and employees of financial services and other private businesses.
Baratov and his attorneys also said his work with the Russia spy agency was unwitting.
The US Justice Department charged two Russian spies with orchestrating the 2014 security breach at Yahoo to steal data from 500 million users. Dmitry Aleksandrovich Dokuchaev and Igor Anatolyevich remain at large and prosecutors believe they are living in Russia, which doesn't have an extradition treaty with the United States.
Baratov is believed to have collected more than $1.1 million in fees, which he used to buy a house and expensive cars.
“Deterrence is particularly important in a case like this,” the judge said during the hearing. He rejected prosecutors call for a prison sentence of nearly 10 years, noting Baratov's age and clean criminal record prior to his arrest.
Baratov, who has been in custody since his arrest, told the judge that his time behind bars has been “a very humbling and eye-opening experience.”
He apologized and promised “to be a better man” and obey the law upon his release. The judge said it is likely Baratov will be deported once he is released from prison.
Facebook Inc. investors are making themselves heard today, sending the stock to its biggest intra-day sell-off since September 2012. Lots of other people are airing their grievances via Twitter.
A Bloomberg count of negative sentiment expressed on Twitter hit its highest level since Feb. 2, 2017, following reports that a political advertising firm retained information on millions of Facebook users without their consent. Tweet sentiment is measured by Bloomberg using proprietary analytics.
It's the fourth most negative day in the last four years for Facebook, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The most negative day for the social network came on Feb. 2, 2017, after Facebook and others companies circulated an open letter to President Donald Trump expressing concern about his order on immigration.
In response to the latest incident, Facebook said that it has made significant improvements in its ability to “detect and prevent violations” by app developers.
Bad News Negative sentiment for Facebook is at its highest point in more than a year Source: Twitter; Bloomberg
— With assistance by Sarah Frier, and Jamie Rickards
CONCORD, MA (WCMH) — A study says that working moms do the equivalent of about 2.5 full-time jobs in a week.
According to WorkingMother.com, a study commissioned by Welch's found that on average, a working mom clocks about 98 hours of work a week, with her day starting just after 6am.
“The results of the survey highlight just how demanding the role of mom can be and the non-stop barrage of tasks it consists of,” Casey Lewis, MS, RD and Health & Nutrition Lead at Welch's, told Yahoo! News. “Busy moms may identify with the list of ‘lifesavers', which highlights not just a rigorous workload but a constant requirement to feed and fuel the family, week in and week out.”
The study also found that moms don't usually finish with their work/family duties until after 8pm, which equals close to 14 hours a day.
The study surveyed 2,000 American mothers with children ranging between ages 5 and 12.
Vladimir Putin scolded the US Senate Saturday for voting to tighten sanctions against Russia.
“It will, of course, complicate the Russian-American relationship,” the Russian president said in an interview. “I think it is harmful.”
The bill, which passed the Senate 98-2 on Thursday, is meant to punish Russia for its alleged interference in the 2016 election. It would require congressional approval of any changes to current sanctions and would allow for additional strictures on Russian shipping and mining companies.
The measure must still pass the House and be signed into law by President Trump.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – A woman is in critical condition after her 16-year-old brother choked her unconscious Friday afternoon.
Bibb deputies attempted CPR on 20-year-old Alexus Watson until an ambulance arrived after Watson was choked by her brother in what police called a domestic dispute.
- Advertisement -
It happened at a home on West Mount Rd around 5:15 p.m., according to the Bibb County Sheriff's Office. When police arrived, investigators say the brother stopped choking Watson but she was already unresponsive.
The brother was taken to the Regional Youth Detention Center and is charged with Aggravated Assault.
Watkins was taken to Navicent Health and is listed in critical condition.
Anyone with information in reference to this incident is urged to contact the Bibb County Sheriff's Office at 478-751-7500.
An Uber driverless car is displayed in a garage in San Francisco in 2016. Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday, March 19, 2018, after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles. Eric Risberg AP
Follow @insidefutbol
Rangers midfielder Josh Windass feels it is a bonus that the Gers find themselves in second spot in the Scottish Premiership table, given his side's indifferent form this season.
The Light Blues have 33 points from 17 outings and trail leaders Celtic by just five points; the Hoops however have a game in hand.
Rangers, who were knocked out of the Europa League in the first qualifying round by Luxembourg-based outfit Progres Niederkorn last summer, had a slow start to their domestic campaign as well.
As a result, Pedro Caixinha was sacked by Rangers at the end of October, with interim boss Graeme Murty thus far winning five of his seven league games in charge of the club.
And Windass, who admitted that Rangers have not performed anywhere near their true potential this season, believes it is remarkable that his side still manage to sit in second spot in the standings.
“We've performed not anywhere near towards the level we can perform”, he told Rangers TV.
“And we're still second [in the table], which is remarkable.
“To be still be in second after the way we have played is a bonus and I think we have got away a little bit.
“But we will obviously take it and try and build on it and try and play better towards the end of the season.”
Rangers, who are on a three-game winning run, are next up against Hibernian on Wednesday.
By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — A Texas woman has been awarded $760,000 after she was badly injured in a skydiving accident in Oklahoma.
Mackenzie Wethington was 16 in January 2014 when her parachute malfunctioned and she fell more than 3,000 feet to the ground in Chickasha. Her injuries included damage to her liver and a kidney, some bleeding in her brain, and a broken pelvis, lumbar spine in her lower back, shoulder blade and several ribs and several teeth.
Court records show the now-19-year-old Wethington of Joshua, Texas, was awarded $760,000 last week.
Robert Swainson, the owner of now-closed Pegasus Air Sports in Chickasha, has said he believes Wethington panicked and didn't follow instructions. The lawsuit said the teenager wasn't properly trained and that her parachute was inappropriate for her skill level.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested following a large-scale disturbance in Kelvingrove Park in Glasgow.
A police helicopter and officers, including those on horseback, were called to the park just after 20:00.
A spokesman said a 17-year-old was taken to hospital.
His injuries are not thought to be life threatening.
Mass killer Stephen Paddock once gave an acquaintance a tour of his Nevada home, where he made sure to point out his “gunroom” – and stressed that firearms shouldn't fall into the hands of “the wrong people,” according to a report.
Adam Le Fevre — who was in a relationship with the sister of Marilou Danley, Paddock's partner – said he visited the future mass killer's two-bedroom home, where he learned about his obsession with guns.
“As we walked through that small area, Steve said, ‘Bedroom … sitting room … and gunroom …' Aah, gunroom?” Le Fevre told Australian news program “A Current Affair,” news.com.au reported.
“And he said, ‘Well, most people in the US have firearms and they need to be protected, and of course you don't want firearms falling into the hands of the wrong people,'” he said.
“Retrospectively, I wish I'd have picked up on that earlier,” he added.
Le Fevre said he did not get to actually see the guns, but realized they were clearly an integral part of Paddock's life.
“It never occurred to me that he was planning violence against anyone,” he said.
Le Fevre said he was introduced to Paddock in 2013 when they both traveled to the Philippines. He later met up with him on a trip to Vegas.
“Steve was very generous because of his success in high rolling. I would say I had no reason not to like him,” Le Fevre said.
But then came the news about the massacre.
“The first reaction was shock, disbelief and then, of course, not long after I realized I had this association with this terrible, terrible tragedy,” he said.
“It is a very chilling thought to know that the person that is at the center of the world's largest story at the moment was somebody that I knew, somebody that I was welcomed into their home, into their family, into their life,” he added.
“Not in my wildest dreams … would I have ever thought that anybody could do this, let alone someone who I — at the time — had the pleasure to meet.”
Le Fevre said Paddock became very defensive when asked about the 2nd Amendment right to bear arms.
“I raised that question with Steve and it's something that he came back at me with an incredible degree of vigor,” he said.
“He was very strict and very firm on the fact that it's a right. It's the freedom of every American to participate, to own a gun and use it … when need be. I was shocked. There was no compassion in regard to my question.”
As investigators have noted, Le Fevre said it took “military precision” to plan for the attack.
“With Stephen Paddock, that doesn't surprise me because everything he did seemed to be with precision,” he said.
see also Vegas shooter's girlfriend reveals his bizarre behavior Las Vegas maniac Stephen Paddock showed signs he was crazy...
Le Fevre also said Paddock described himself as a “professional gambler.”
“‘I operate with $1.5 million to $2 million a year and that can generate me anywhere between $200,000 to $300,000 a year,'” he said Paddock told him. “He had no qualms in telling me of the millions that he'd used.”
Le Fevre said he “without a doubt” believed Danley when she insisted that she knew nothing about what Paddock had been planning.
“I know Marilou and the family well enough. All of them are very loving, a very good Catholic family,” he said. “I believe if she had the slightest inkling something was not right, of of what's occurred, she would have shared that with her family.”
College basketball's coach of the year is on the hot seat You can question Bruce Pearl for the allegations involving his program. You can point to his past transgressions. You can refuse to give him the benefit of the doubt for...
Former Auburn running back arrested on child porn charge LAWRENCEVILLE, Ga. — A former Auburn University football player has been arrested on a child pornography charge in Georgia. The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that 32-year-old Brad Lester remained jailed Wednesday...
Clemson leads college playoff pack, but Alabama is lurking Clemson is back at the top of college football. The Tigers moved up to No. 1 in the penultimate College Football Playoff rankings, which were released Tuesday night. Alabama and Miami...
College Football Playoff in chaos after Auburn shocks Alabama AUBURN, Ala. — Auburn students began Saturday afternoon sprinting through the gates of Jordan-Hare Stadium, searching for the best seats possible to the biggest game imaginable. They ended the afternoon...
Auburn and Alabama in line for most intense Iron Bowl ever AUBURN, Ala. — In Alabama, identities are established before names. Hate is taught as quickly as love. “You leave the hospital, they stamp your birth certificate Alabama or Auburn,” Alabama...
Verne Lundquist a 'little envious,' a lot happy as Iron Bowl goes on without him It was the fourth quarter of Alabama's 59-0 thrashing of Vanderbilt on Sept. 24 and Verne Lundquist had to let Gary Danielson know he was turning him off. “I texted...
Alabama fan on the loose after allegedly shooting Auburn fan A tense college football rivalry nearly turned fatal this week when an Alabama fan allegedly shot an Auburn fan outside a motel in an Iron Bowl argument. The two were...
The dark cloud over college basketball isn't going away A memorable season leads to a dramatic March followed by college basketball's signature event: the NCAA Final Four in San Antonio. Only this year, basketball is an afterthought. All anyone...
Meet the con man who brought college basketball to its knees A con man named Louis Martin “Marty” Blazer III may have failed in his scheme to make low-budget movies with money swiped from pro athletes, but he has now succeeded...
Diego Costa has not played since the Europa League quarter-final against Sporting Lisbon
Atletico Madrid striker Diego Costa has been named in a 20-man squad to fly to England for Thursday's Europa League semi-final first leg at Arsenal.
Boss Diego Simeone said at the weekend the Spain forward had "no chance" of being fit for the game at Emirates Stadium because of a hamstring injury.
He has missed three games since limping out of the quarter-final second leg against Sporting Lisbon.
Costa has scored six goals in 18 games since his move from Chelsea.
Full-back Juanfran will miss Thursday's game because of a hamstring injury
'I think this is the final'
European football writer Raphael Honigstein on the BBC Radio 5 live's Euro Leagues Football Show
I think this is the final, or should have been the final in terms of the two strongest teams left. The fact it's over two legs doesn't work in Arsenal's favour - you have seen the European know-how from Atletico in the last few years.
They have consistently knocked out better teams because they are almost a machine built for European football. They don't concede and they need one chance to score two goals.
You think it's a horrible match-up for Arsenal as they're the opposite.
European football writer Julien Laurens on the BBC Radio 5 live's Euro Leagues Football Show
I think Arsenal can definitely do it. Atletico were not that good at the weekend against Real Betis, drawing 0-0, or against Sporting Lisbon in the last round. The second leg, they lost 1-0 but it could have been 3-0. They were so bad.
Whether they have Diego Costa fit or not is a huge factor. Antoine Griezmann is not the same player when he's not there.
Winning the Europa League would be an amazing farewell for Wenger. It would be a fairytale but football is no fairytale.
Listen to the show here.
Wenger faces 125th different team - the stats
Money.net now has more than 80,000 subscribers Money.net, an online platform for financial data and news, says it has grown its ranks of subscribers to more than a quarter the size of industry behemoth Bloomberg's. The company,...
PR specialist for city billionaires will launch her own agency Chris Taylor, who has spent two decades as a public relations specialist for two NYC billionaires — Ronald Perelman and Mike Bloomberg — is planning to hang out her own...
Twitter is having an identity crisis It got a lot harder on Monday to tell if Twitter is a micro-blogging site disguised as an over-the-top TV service — or vice versa. The San Francisco company, struggling...
Bloomberg saleswoman sues over rape, rampant drug culture A former Bloomberg LP sales executive drugged and raped a saleswoman on his staff twice over a number of weeks, an explosive lawsuit claims. The attacks by Nick Ferris, a...
Half the world's population owns as much as these eight men DAVOS, Switzerland — The eight individuals who own as much as half of the rest of the planet are all men, and have largely made their fortunes in technology. Most...
Ex-Bloomberg strategist weighs mayoral run against de Blasio A top political strategist for former Mayor Mike Bloomberg is considering challenging Mayor de Blasio in next November's election, according to sources briefed on the matter. Kevin Sheekey, who heads...
Wall Street startup hires ex-Bloomberg content chief One of the feistiest Wall Street start-ups to take on Bloomberg LP is striking right at the heart of its main competitor — by hiring one of Bloomberg's former top...
Bloomberg admits data has been missing from emails for years Bloomberg LP quietly started notifying its Wall Street clients Wednesday that crucial data about who has received emails have been missing for more than nine years, The Post has learned....
Priest files $100M lawsuit against Bloomberg journalists A Greek Orthodox priest who runs a small hedge fund on the side has filed a $100 million libel and defamation suit against Bloomberg LP, along with a reporter and...
BEDMINSTER, N.J. (AP) — As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent, pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for him to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump, who has been at his New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But he will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for his initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which he blamed bigotry on “many sides.”
The White House tried to stem the damage on Sunday. Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows, yet they struggled at times to explain the president's position. A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself.
Vice President Mike Pence, traveling in South America, condemned “these dangerous fringe groups” and said they “have no place in American public life and in the American debate.”
Trump said nothing, save for a few retweets. One was about two Virginia state policemen killed in a helicopter crash while monitoring the Charlottesville protests, another about a Justice Department probe into the violence.
In the hours after a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that he condemns “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
Speaking slowly from his New Jersey golf club while on a 17-day working vacation, Trump added: “It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump. Not Barack Obama. It's been going on for a long, long time.”
The White House statement Sunday went further. “The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.” It added: “He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.”
The White House did not attach a name to the statement. Usually, a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual's responsibility for its truthfulness and often undercuts its significance.
Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said Sunday that he considered the attack to be terrorism. On Saturday, Trump had not responded to reporters' shouted questions about terrorism.
“I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear, it is terrorism,” McMaster told ABC's “This Week.” ”It meets the definition of terrorism. But what this is, what you see here, is you see someone who is a criminal, who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans.”
The president's homeland security adviser, Tom Bossert, defended the president's initial statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent, too. When pressed during a contentious interview on CNN's “State of the Union,” he specifically condemned the racist groups.
The president's daughter and White House aide, Ivanka Trump, tweeted Sunday morning: “There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis.”
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, said he spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and that he twice told the president “we have to stop this hateful speech, this rhetoric.” He said he urged Trump “to come out stronger” against the actions of white supremacists.
Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists. Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo. said on NBC Sunday that “This isn't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines. This is a time to lay blame.”
The president did not have any public events on Sunday. White House staff did not share any information on his activities except that he and his staff were monitoring the aftermath of the violence in Virginia.
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee. Counter-protesters massed in opposition.
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations. Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to “fulfill the promises of Donald Trump.”
Trump's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer, which wrote: “Trump comments were good. He didn't attack us. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. … No condemnation at all.” The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its “Summer of Hate” edition.
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer, a Democrat, slammed Trump's stance toward hate groups, saying on NBC's “Meet the Press” that he hopes Trump “looks himself in the mirror and thinks very deeply about who he consorted with.”
“Old saying: when you dance with the devil, the devil doesn't change, the devil changes you,” Signer said.
In Cartagena, Colombia, Pence responded to a reporter's question about the violence in Charlottesville and said, in part: “We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
Trump, as a presidential candidate, frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer his condemnation of white supremacists. His strongest denunciation of the movement has not come voluntarily, only when asked, and he occasionally trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during his campaign. His chief strategist, Steve Bannon, once declared that his former news site, Breitbart, was “the platform for the alt-right.”
Security researchers have discovered a macOS malware program that's likely part of the arsenal used by the Russian cyberespionage group blamed for hacking into the U.S. Democratic National Committee last year.
The group, which is known in the security industry under different names, including Fancy Bear, Pawn Storm, and APT28, has been operating for almost a decade. It is believed to be the sole user and likely developer of a Trojan program called Sofacy or X-Agent.
X-Agent variants for Windows, Linux, Android, and iOS have been found in the wild in the past, but researchers from Bitdefender have now come across what appears to be the first macOS version of the Trojan.
It's not entirely clear how the malware is being distributed because the Bitdefender researchers only obtained the malware sample, not the full attack chain. However, it's possible a macOS malware downloader dubbed Komplex, found in September, might be involved.
Komplex infected Macs by exploiting a known vulnerability in the MacKeeper antivirus software, according to researchers from Palo Alto Networks who investigated the malware at the time. The vulnerability allowed attackers to execute remote commands on a Mac when users visited specially crafted web pages.
Palo Alto Networks noted similarities between the Komplex downloader and a variant of the Carberp Trojan that APT28 is also known to have used. The command-and-control domain names used by the Trojan had also been associated with APT28's activity.
The new X-Agent macOS version uses very similar domain names to the Komplex Trojan, with only their TLD different, the Bitdefender researchers said. There are also identical project path strings inside both the Komplex and X-Agent samples, suggesting they were created by the same author.
The X-Agent malware can load additional modules, which the Bitdefender researchers are still investigating. So far, they've found functionality that allows attackers to probe the system for hardware and software configurations, grab a list of running processes, execute additional files, get desktop screenshots, and harvest browser passwords. One module is designed to search for and steal iPhone backups stored on Macs, which can contain further sensitive information about the targeted users.
"Our past analysis of samples known to be linked to the APT28 group shows a number of similarities between the Xagent component for Windows/Linux and the macOS binary that currently forms the object of our investigation," the Bitdefender researchers said in a blog post. "For one, there is the presence of similar modules, such as FileSystem, KeyLogger, and RemoteShell, as well as a similar network module called HttpChanel."
APT28 is considered to be one of the most sophisticated and successful cyberespionage groups in the world and it frequently uses zero-day exploits -- exploits for previously unknown vulnerabilities. The group has been blamed for many hacking operations around the world over the years, and its selection of targets has frequently reflected Russia's geopolitical interests. Security researchers believe that the group is likely tied to the Russian Military Intelligence Service (GRU).
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
A woman has told of the “horrendous” two-month wait to bring her husband's body home to Dundee after he died suddenly in Saudi Arabia.
Bob Lowery, who worked for BAE Systems, was found dead in his room on December 10 after a colleague raised the alarm when he didn't attend breakfast.
His family, of the Hilltown area, still don't know what caused the 60-year-old's death, with Saudi authorities in Jubail unable to provide the information.
His body was only returned to his family in Dundee last week.
Bob's wife Carol, 56, told the Tele that getting his body home had been a “living hell”.
The delay, caused by issues stemming from Bob's post-mortem examination and death certificate, left the family in limbo.
She said: “The people that Bob worked for were great and they did everything they could.
“But the embassy and the authorities over there were really hard to deal with.”
Bob's stepdaughter Catriona, 33, said she had encountered numerous problems while trying to sort the situation out.
She said the death certificate they were sent didn't specify Bob's cause of death and they were told it was invalid.
After finally managing to get Bob's body back to the UK, the family were then informed that it couldn't be released because the correct paperwork hadn't been filed.
She added: “It ended up being one of the people he worked with who sorted it out.
“Everything was vague. We were asked for permission to carry out the post-mortem examination, then when we got back in touch for the results they couldn't tell us.
“Then we needed the date that it was carried out and they told us it was maybe one day or another.
“There should be procedures put in place to stop this kind of thing.
“It is too late for us but maybe our story can help prevent someone else going through this.
“The company Bob was working for did everything it could but had the same issues getting answers as we did.”
Bob had been based in Saudi Arabia for the past two years, working in various shipyards and building sites around the country.
Bob's family described him as a “hard-working” joiner.
Carol said: “No one had a bad word to say about him — he was just a happy and sociable person.
“He always made a huge impact on people — you couldn't walk down the street without someone stopping.
“He was always happy and smiling. We just had a simple life together and were happy.
“His favourite pub was the Balmore but he must have been the only husband who had to be told to go there.”
Bob's sister Patricia, 65, added: “He was a hard worker and he was really good at what he did.
“He made a step-ladder when he was 15 and I still use it to this day, which shows just how skilled he was.
“He made so many friends through work.”
Bob's funeral is being held at Dundee Crematorium on Thursday at 2.45pm. Family and friends are invited.
PITTSBURGH (AP) – The worst season in franchise history won't cost Cleveland Browns coach Hue Jackson his job.
If anything, owner Jimmy Haslam is doubling down on his bet that Jackson, general manager Sashi Brown and the rest of the front office are the right people to turn things around.
The revolving door that's been an offseason fixture since Haslam bought the team in 2012 is stopping, even after a 27-24 overtime loss to the backup-laden Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday that left the Browns an NFL-worst 1-15.
“Clearly not an acceptable year,” Haslam said. “Really since we bought the team, it's totally unacceptable performance, which as ownership we'll take the entire blame for.”
And not, Haslam stressed, Jackson or Brown, both of whom were brought in last winter to revive a team that's 15-49 over the past four seasons.
“Could not be more pleased with the job Hue and the staff are doing,” Haslam said. “You wouldn't think this was a 1-14 team with the way this team was out there battling (today). Really pleased with Hue and really pleased with our personnel group. I think we have the right people in place.”
If not the right results. At least, not yet. Their final game of 2016 looked an awful lot like the 15 that came before it: flashes of competence undone by questionable play-calling and occasionally bad luck.
The Browns fumbled inside the Pittsburgh 5 with a minute to go in regulation and had a first-and-goal at the Pittsburgh 2 turn into a field goal by Cody Parkey, extending the game.
Oh, and they had a potential pick-6 by Briean Boddy-Calhoun turn into a touchback when Pittsburgh's Darrius Heyward-Bey punched the ball out of Boddy-Calhoun's hands as he stretched for the goal line in the third quarter.
A touchdown would have put Cleveland up 21-7 in the third quarter.
Instead, the Steelers went right back down the field to tie the score.
And so it goes.
While the loss assured the Browns of the top pick in the draft this spring, it provided little solace after the Steelers responded to Parkey's field goal by going 75 yards in nine plays, the last a 26-yard touchdown lob from Landry Jones to Cobi Hamilton .
“We were coming here to win the game,” Jackson said. “We weren't coming here to get a No. 1 pick. Those guys gave it everything they had.”
Isaiah Crowell ran for a career-high 152 yards for the Browns, who have been playing football since 1946 (save for a brief three-year break from 1996-98) and never finished with a “one” in the win column.
Not exactly that Jackson envisioned when he took over last January.
“You can't sugarcoat this,” Jackson said. “It is what it is. I would hope we get a chance next year to earn a different type of record. That's where it starts. We're 1-15. I never would have thought that in a million years, but we are.”
Robert Griffin III passed for 232 yards with two touchdowns and an interception, but Cleveland missed a chance to beat the Steelers on the road for the first time since 2003. Griffin, signed to a two-year deal last offseason, said getting a chance to compete for the starting job in 2017 would be “awesome.”
He also acknowledged that the broken bone in his shoulder suffered in September never fully healed, though he was quick to point out it did not have a significant impact on his play.
“You'd be naive to think a guy that breaks a bone in season is going to come back with a fully healed bone,” Griffin said. “The doctors felt I was healed enough to return to play … but to say I was 100 percent healthy is a lie.”
Like Haslam, Griffin praised Jackson and his staff for doing what they could in a difficult situation.
“I think those guys are the right guys,” Griffin said. “I think in the offseason what those guys are going to do is give the Cleveland Browns the best chance to win going into next year.”
TERRELLE'S TIME
Cleveland wide receiver Terrelle Pryor caught seven passes for 94 yards to go over 1,000 yards on the season, heady territory for the converted quarterback.
INJURIES
Browns offensive lineman Cam Erving left with a knee injury and will be evaluated on Monday.
The Steelers already banged up defensive line took another hit. Ricardo Mathews left with an ankle injury and did not return. Rookie Javon Hargrave went into the concussion protocol in the second half. He was cleared and returned for one more series, but spent the rest of the game on the bench. Hargrave missed a game last month because of a concussion.
UP NEXT:
Browns: “With the first pick in the 2017 NFL draft, the Cleveland Browns select.”
Steelers: Meet the Dolphins in the playoffs for the fourth time in franchise history and the first time since the 1984 AFC championship game.
1:30
Northside teacher wants to check this one off his bucket list
0:56
Crime scene investigator looks for clues in business burglary
2:45
Senator Chuck Schumer endorsed Mayor de Blasio for a second term on Monday, saying he's done an “outstanding job” despite allegations he was running a pay-to-play administration. “I judge how...
Bella Cruise has a new T-shirt line, BKC.
Cruise also says she's planning to start a family with her new husband Max Parker.
WASHINGTON — One of the country's top lawyers is asking the Supreme Court to take up a case that could reshape — or even end — the death penalty in America.
The aggressive filing comes as the Supreme Court is already set to hear a high-profile series of cases.
An Arizona death row inmate, Abel Daniel Hidalgo, has been arguing for the past three years that the state's death penalty law is unconstitutional because it doesn't do enough to narrow who is eligible for the death penalty, among those convicted of murder.
Earlier this year, Neal Katyal, best known these days for serving as the lead lawyer for Hawaii's challenge to President Trump's travel ban, agreed to serve as Hidalgo's lawyer at the Supreme Court.
Katyal, the former acting solicitor general in the Obama administration, asked the justices in Monday's filing to hear Hidalgo's case and to strike down Arizona's death penalty law.
The filing comes more than two years after Justice Stephen Breyer, joined by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, called for a wholesale review of the constitutionality of the death penalty. Justice Sonia Sotomayor has also expressed great concerns about the courts' handling of death penalty cases, as well as some states' death penalty laws.
And Justice Anthony Kennedy has expressed concerns about the death penalty's imposition, and has cast key votes excluding groups of people — like children or the intellectually disabled — from being eligible for the death penalty. He has not, however, given any specific indication that he is ready to join Breyer's call to review the constitutionality of the death penalty overall — and has allowed several executions to proceed since Breyer's call.
Katyal, however, joined by other lawyers at his firm, Hogan Lovells, as well as the Office of the Legal Advocate in Arizona and Arizona attorney Garrett Simpson, thinks the time is now — a move that could be tied to concerns by many liberal lawyers about whether and when Kennedy, at 81, might retire from the court.
“I have spent the last few years with my team looking for cases that highlight the gross problems with the death penalty in practice, and this case is a perfect example of them,” Katyal told BuzzFeed News on Monday evening. “We look forward to the Supreme Court's review of Mr. Hidalgo's petition.”
In 1972, the Supreme Court found the death penalty in America unconstitutional as then implemented, the court, in Gregg v. Georgia. Four years later, the court brought it back — with new constraints — by approving several states' new laws. In Monday's filing, Katyal wrote of that case, “[T]he Court acknowledged that it might someday revisit the constitutionality of the death penalty in light of ‘more convincing evidence.'”
He continued: “The evidence is in. The long experiment launched by Gregg — in whether the death penalty can be administered within constitutional bounds — has failed. It has failed both in Arizona in particular and in the Nation more broadly.”
The brief points out that the court in Gregg found the new state death penalty laws to be constitutional because they required the finding of “aggravating” circumstances — a move that the court's controlling opinion concluded would “direct and limit” who was eligible for execution “so as to minimize the risk of wholly arbitrary and capricious action.”
Forty years later, Arizona's death penalty law is such that there are so many aggravating circumstances that “every first degree murder case filed in Maricopa County in 2010 and 2011 had at least one aggravating factor” making the person eligible for the death penalty. Hidalgo pleaded guilty in 2015 to two January 2001 murders in a murder-for-hire scheme in Maricopa County, Arizona. He was then sentenced to death by a jury.
“Arizona's scheme utterly fails,” Katyal wrote, to “genuinely narrow the class of persons eligible for the death penalty” as the court has required over the time since Gregg.
For this reason alone, Hidalgo's legal team argues, the court should take the case and strike down Arizona's death penalty law.
But, beyond that, the filing goes on, “A national consensus has emerged that the death penalty is an unacceptable punishment in any circumstance.” The brief argues that the court should take the case and rule that the death penalty, nationwide, is unconstitutional under the Eighth Amendment's guarantee against cruel and unusual punishment.
This is so, the brief argues, because “the number of death sentences imposed and carried out has plummeted.”
The brief also points to three further key arguments in support of this larger aim: First, states can't give guidance that ensures that only “the worst offenders” are sentenced to death. Second, states can't enforce the death penalty without “ensnaring and putting to death the innocent.” And, finally, “the present reality of capital punishment” — decades spent on death row with “the remote but very real possibility of execution” — is its own possible constitutional violation.
Hidalgo's is not the first death penalty case Katyal's team had considered taking to the Supreme Court. In the fall of 2015, just months after Breyer and Ginsburg's statement about reviewing the death penalty, Hogan Lovells took on representation of Julius Murphy, on death row in Texas. The Texas courts, however, put that execution on hold indefinitely before the Hogan Lovells team had a reason to take the case to the US Supreme Court.
DENVER — The Bryce Petty Era is about to begin.
Barring some sort of unforeseen miracle that would allow Jets starting quarterback Josh McCown to play with the broken left hand he suffered in Sunday's 23-0 loss to the Broncos at Sports Authority Field at Mile High, Petty will start against the Saints next Sunday in New Orleans.
Petty, in his third season, entered the game with just under three minutes remaining in the third quarter after McCown took a hit from Broncos linebacker Shane Ray on a throw to running back Matt Forte. The Jets already were trailing 20-0.
Largely because of a porous offensive line, he was as ineffective in relief as McCown was starting. After McCown finshed 6-of-12 for 46 yards and an interception, Petty was 2-of-9 for 14 yards, though the Jets coaching staff raised the white flag and ran the ball rather than risk Petty also getting hurt.
“The game was already out of reach,” Jets coach Todd Bowles said. “He was getting hit some — some of it was rust and some of it was missed timing. When you don't play all year and then you go in there, sometimes you [struggle].”
Petty hasn't played since the preseason, during which he showed some progress.
“He improved [in preseason], but any time you don't play in a couple months … preseason is completely different,” Bowles said. “If he has to play [next week], we'll find out and go from there.”
After the game, Petty declared himself “ready to go.”
“That's the toughest part about being a backup — limited reps,'' he said. “Now, [I'll] get some reps and hopefully fix the things I'm feeling need to be fixed. [I] will go in there [like] I am the starter and combat that with physical reps.”
Asked if he's concerned this may be his last chance to show the Jets what he can do, Petty said he wasn't worried about that.
“We have three games left,” Petty said. “I am going to give my heart and soul and prepare for this week for New Orleans. Whatever happens in the future happens. All I can do is worry about things I can control.''
Before Sunday, Petty's only playing time came in 2016, when he played in six games and started four. He had a 1-3 record and completed 75-of-133 passes for 56.4 percent, for 809 yards, with three touchdowns, seven interceptions and a passer rating of 60.0.
“Reps are big,'' Petty said. “The more you get in there, the timing is different. Now I can get in there [in practice] and have the physical reps along with the mental reps. [I] have to pick up the slack in the [quarterbacks] room. It's going to be a big opportunity.''
This also may become an opportunity for Christian Hackenberg, the second-year second-round draft pick, who moves one step closer to taking his first NFL snap. Hackenberg, who hasn't dressed since the season opener this season [when] Petty was hurt, likely will be the backup in New Orleans.
By: Charles Curtis | February 15, 2017 8:31 am
Tennis star Genie Bouchard is among the athletes appearing in the 2017 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition.
Here are a few of the photos shot in Turks and Caicos:
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue PHOTOS –> https://t.co/RvNpGR7Ihl pic.twitter.com/EWnpUiJ3d5 — Genie Bouchard Site (@GenieBSite) February 15, 2017
She joins other tennis stars in this year's edition including Caroline Wozniacki and Serena Williams, along with Olympians Simone Biles and Aly Raisman.
Jason Hartung will celebrate Father's Day with his wife Ashley and his six children, five of whom were once their foster children.
By Violet Nelson
vanelson@yahoo.com
After observing how the world celebrates mothers a month ago, this Sunday we set our focus on cel­ebrating fathers. Celebra­tions might include spend­ing time with a biological father, a father figure, a grandfather, a stepfather, an adoptive father or the memory of a father.
Jason and Ashley (Nor­gaard) Hartung, of Aurora, South Dakota will celebrate the day with their six chil­dren, five of whom were once in their foster care. In their 15 years of marriage, the Hartungs have fostered over 50 children, a process they started in 2005.
For the full story, read this week's Lake Benton Valley Journal.
It's what the headline says:
While joking around with Mets outfielder (and recent former Brave) Jose Bautista before a game at SunTrust Park on Tuesday, Braves mascot Blooper took a big swing at Bautista's imaginary pitch. But on the follow-through, a very real baseball came into the picture and struck Blooper in the groin.
It's unclear what Met threw the baseball, as the only suspects ruled out are Bautista, Michael Conforto, Jose Reyes, and Amed Rosario. It probably wasn't any of their starting pitchers, either, or we'd know from the ensuing injury report.
Mike Kim grew up in San Jose and can deftly describe the transformation of the city's downtown — its gradual, and at times painful, progress toward becoming an urban destination.
Planners and developers have been waiting for the day when there are enough feet in the street to create a big city vibe in the downtown core.
That day may be upon us now that plans are on the table to remake downtown San Jose into a massive, transit-centered Google village with up to 20,000 new jobs. Separately, Adobe Systems has announced its own expansion plans to bring 3,000 more workers downtown.
Related Articles A jazz lovers paradise, the Sound Room in Oakland gives Bay Area musicians their props
San Ramon gets an important signoff in acquiring Mudd's land
Google village sparks new downtown San Jose property buying
Almaden Golf and Country Club teeing up a new look
How big can Google get? Its aggressive push for elbow room in the Bay Area We turned to Kim to discuss the “sheer magnitude,” as he put it, of these proposed efforts.
As chief investment officer for Simeon Properties, Kim has skin in the game. Simeon developed the 21-story Centerra luxury apartment complex, which opened downtown last year. It plans to break ground by next spring on its 20-story Post Street Tower, bringing more luxury apartments to downtown. And Simeon continues to assess other development possibilities as Google advances with its plans.
Those plans “will forever change the trajectory of the city,” Kim said.
For more Bay Area housing affordability, home sales and other real estate news
follow us on Flipboard.
This interview has been edited for length and clarity.
Q: What's your take on the Google proposal and its impact down the line?
A: It's very difficult to wrap your head around the fact that in downtown San Jose — where the existing office stock is about 5 million square feet — Google is now proposing to build an additional 7 million to 8 million square feet. It is a game changer of epic proportions.
In real estate, the market makers are governments, capital markets and major employers. Employers such as Google make market opportunity because the instant they arrive and hire, that creates demand, and suddenly you've got to have real estate to live, work and play in. Look at the transformation in the Mid-Market district in San Francisco when Twitter moved in, or the Uber news in Oakland — and that's only a fraction of what Google is proposing in San Jose. This Google News in San Jose is so big that it eclipses even the Adobe news, which is enormous — the addition of 717,000 square feet and 3,000 employees.
Q: What else do you see coming?
A: The strongest drivers of real estate are jobs and wage growth. Google is coming, Adobe is expanding, Apple is coming to north San Jose, Amazon is arriving – so locally, you have a pretty robust growth in jobs and income. This soon-to-arrive worker base — these are the same workers who created the massive housing shortage in SOMA (in San Francisco) and drove up rents and prices there. The same thing is going to happen in San Jose, but the impact will be more dramatic. Because in SOMA, it was already a fully built environment; it's not like you could drop in 10 million square feet. But in San Jose, it can accommodate millions of square feet of new product, so the effect is going to be tremendous. And that same demographic that drove up prices across the board in San Francisco, whether in office, rent or retail, is going to do it again in San Jose.
Like our Facebook page for more conversation and news coverage from the Bay Area and beyond.
Q: How quickly do all these changes happen?
A: If you drop 5,000 new workers who are well paid onto downtown San Jose, that creates instant demand for housing, office space and retail. But new real estate lags behind the hiring pace, because the development process is a lengthy and cumbersome process. So until supply can come online, the demand's going to be ramrod straight, and there's going to be very little to satisfy that demand. Which results in a rapid rise in prices in rent in the existing stock until the supply can catch up with the demand.
Q: I'm not hearing much about addressing the issue of affordability.
A: One of the best ways to mitigate the affordability issue is to have a robust housing supply across the income spectrum. Unfortunately the general plans for Silicon Valley cities are really job-centric, not housing-centric. Everybody's still looking to have more jobs in their communities than housing; nobody wants to be the bedroom community for Mountain View or Palo Alto.
Q: Cities don't necessarily want a lot more housing, because it strains services.
A: You have to pay for parks, schools. That's the conundrum and the difficulty of this debate. The burden on the city's general fund to service more residents is a challenge.
Q: But again, what's the solution for “regular people” who already can't afford to live in San Jose and the region, generally?
A: One of the reasons gentrification happens is because people who can afford to pay more don't have any places to go, so they push out people in older neighborhoods. So the entire housing spectrum needs to be filled, but if you don't supply for the people at the upper income, they're inevitably going to push out people at the next tier down, and in turn they push out the following tier and so on.
Q: I'm not seeing much “mitigation” of the problem here. There are so many jobs being created at the top of the food chain.
A: Yes, where we are in the market cycle, excess demand is being created through the hiring by these large companies, and the supply is lagging. That's true, but there will be a down cycle where the demand drivers — new jobs — will subside. And that will afford some price relief.
Mike Kim profile
Age: 48.
Grew up: San Jose.
Place of residence: Lafayette.
Positions: Chief investment officer, Simeon Properties; serves as a trustee for the Graduate Theological Union in Berkeley.
Previous jobs: Director of acquisitions, BRE Properties (now Essex), 2006-2008, San Francisco; vice president of development, Pulte Urban Group, 2000-2006, Pleasanton; naval officer, U.S. Navy, 1994-2000.
Education: United States Naval Academy, B.S. political science with concentration in general engineering, 1994; University of Southern California, master's in public policy and urban planning, 2005.
Family: He lives with wife Sara and their seven children (one daughter and six sons).
For breaking news get our mobile app for free from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store.
5 Facts About Mike Kim
1. His first job was as a newspaper delivery boy for the San Jose Mercury News: “Old-school style, on a bike at the crack of dawn. At the peak of my game, I could fling the Sunday paper from the opposite side of the street and land it center on a tiny porch.”
2. While in the U.S. Navy, he “visited over 30 countries across five continents, captured pirates on the high seas, swam across the equator, scuba-dived all the major oceans and seas of the world, almost crashed into an iceberg in the North Atlantic, and logged enough nautical miles at sea to circumnavigate the globe four times.”
3. Best way to relax and recharge: “Sailing alone on the San Francisco Bay, one of the most scenic and challenging sailing conditions anywhere in the world.”
4. Personal hero: His wife Sara, who “does the lion's share of the work in raising our seven kids, runs the family ranch in Lafayette, and founded a thriving co-op school.”
5. Favorite colors: Black, “because it comprises and absorbs all colors,” and green, “because there are near infinite shades of green observable in nature.”
Take a hike, and don't let $69 million hit you on the way out.
That's the figure the 49ers reportedly owe recently fired coach Chip Kelly and his assistants after letting them go, according to ESPN'S Adam Schefter on SportsCenter on Monday.
Kelly still had $25 million remaining on a three-year deal he signed in January. The assistant coaches' salaries would presumably account for the other $44 million that Schefter reported.
No word on the amount erstwhile GM Trent Baalke will get from 49ers CEO York.
All told, it'd be a considerable chuck of change for York to fork over — though it could indicate just how much he wants a return to the team's former glory.
Now if York could just find himself another coach like Jim Harbaugh. But stop the rumor mill about the Michigan coach returning to the Bay before it starts.
Originally seen on Dr. Phil, “Cash Me Ousside” girl has used Hanes, “Champion” symbol for her own merchandise but has since been asked to halt all production.
Usually, superhero-fashion collaborations result in bright graphic T-shirts, bondage-like leather catsuits or over the-top cartoon capes. But when comics publisher Marvel asked knitter Josh Bennett to create a collection for its latest film, “Thor: Ragnarok” (out Nov. 3), he had other ideas.
“I decided I wouldn't have any big logos or in-your-face graphics,” the 36-year-old designer tells Alexa from his sunlit apartment in Hell's Kitchen. “It's really going to be character- and story-based — really for the true fans.” Or the fans with very refined tastes. Bennett's capsule collection consists of four luxe, cable-knit sweaters inspired by Norse mythology. But since he's hand-knitting them, each design will come in a run of just 10. “Every sweater is numbered and dated,” says Bennett. “I like them to feel special.”
The pieces, which all reference original “Thor” lore and rely heavily on symbolism, appear to be hefty, but feel weightless and soft. “I like to put shaping into these sweaters that make you look like you're more of a superhero than you actually are,” says Bennett, pointing to the strong shoulders.
The designer has previously created pieces for Tommy Hilfiger and Vogue Knitting — an impressive leap for a man who grew up in what he calls “the backwoods” of Harrisburg, Pa. It was there, at the age of 8 or 9, that he first learned the craft from his grandmother, who was forever crocheting the family blankets and slippers.
“I knit for about a week then stopped, because where I come from boys don't knit,” he says, joking that he abandoned it for the much-more-manly pursuit of musical theater.
It wasn't until Bennett was in his early 20s and working at a theater in Connecticut that he picked up his grandmother's hobby again. “The entire cast and crew knit, and I was like, ‘Wait, I kinda know how to do this!'” he recalls. Inspired by the first “Harry Potter” movie, he made a striped scarf, and was hooked.
Bennett moved to Manhattan in 2001, working in yarn stores and writing patterns for customers. Then, while enrolled in a menswear course at the Fashion Institute of Technology, he got his first big break. Designer Michael Bastian hired him as an intern and then a collaborator. Bennett let his imagination run wild, knitting tops out of feathers or beef twine. Once, he made a sweater using Edo-period Japanese coins and 1,500 beads.
“I'm a big ‘Project Runway' fan, so for me it's about that unconventional challenge,” Bennett says. “You know, give me some plastic bags and let me knit something out of it.”
Bennett's contract with Marvel lasts through 2018, and while he still has to finish knitting those “Thor” sweaters (available for presale next month on JoshBennettNYC .com), he's already thinking about his next collection, for the studio's forthcoming “Black Panther,” slated for release in February.
“That's going to be a little bit trickier, since there aren't any previous movies I can watch,” says Bennett. “But I'm a pop-culture fanatic. I'm excited about that challenge.”
MOUNT MAUNGANUI, New Zealand — Opening batsman Manjot Kalra scored an unbeaten 101 and India won the under-19 Cricket World Cup for the fourth time with an eight-wicket victory Saturday over Australia.
Australia, choosing to bat after winning the toss, was all out for 216 in 47.2 overs at Bay Oval, Tauranga. Jonathan Merlo top-scored for Australia with 76 while four Indian bowlers took two wickets each.
India, which lost the 2014 final to the West Indies, cruised in reply to 220-2 and never looked threatened in surpassing Australia's total in the 39th over. Lefthander Kalra's 101 came from 102 balls.
India beat Australia by 100 runs in the tournament opener and was undefeated the rest of the way.
It was India's sixth appearance in the under-19 final. Australia had made the final five times, winning the tournament three times.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
18 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Toronto Wolfpack have been linked with former Leigh Centurions players Adam Higson and Cory Paterson.
According to League Express, the pair could complete their moves to the Canadian club by the end of the week.
Both players have departed the Centurions following the club's relegation to Super League and have yet to find new clubs.
However, it now appears the duo could link up with former coach Paul Rowley at the Wolfpack as he continues to grow his squad ahead of 2018.
Rowley told League Express earlier this year that he wanted a squad of around 30 players for the upcoming season, and the arrival of the pair would move him increasingly closer to that target.
Higson played under Rowley for a number of years and established himself as a firm favourite at LSV. Paterson, meanwhile, was signed by Rowley but never played in a competitive game under him due to Rowley's resignation before the start of the 2016 season.
Gardai are appealing to the public to help trace a 13-year-old boy who was reported missing from Portarlington last Monday.
Ronan Quinn was reported missing to Gardaí on Monday, May 28, and was last seen at approximately 8.30pm that day in Portarlington. He is known to frequent Athlone and Dublin City Centre.
He is described as approximately 5ft in height, of slight build with brown hair.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Portlaoise Garda Station 057 8674100, the Garda Confidential Line 1800 666 111 or any Garda Station.
Dem boys seh…Exxon just watch dem trees and dey dead
Anywhere Exxon guh oil does show up. Fuh years people searching fuh oil in Guyana and nobody finds any. Exxon come and within minutes dem find a ton of oil in de ocean.
Dem goes to Ogle fuh talk bout a piece land pun de airport. De Mighty Karila carry dem and show dem a piece of land off de airport.
Exxon barely watch de land and oil tun up. De oil tun up so much that it begin to kill dem trees on de land.
Bee Kay get a piece in front of de same land wha Exxon see and dem boys hear he had to spend couple million dollars fuh clear de bushes, only.
Exxon just look and de bush start disappearing.
When dem boys ask de Mighty Karila wha going on here, he seh is a natural phenomenon. Dem boys want know wheh else this natural phenomenon gun happen, because fuh years dem boys pee pun bush and tree root and none never dead. Exxon only look.
Soulja Bai seh De Mighty Karila use to look at dem same bush and nutten never happen. As soon as he carries Exxon, is problem.
Dem boys believe de bush run away from Exxon from de time it hears de oil company coming. De bush don't want nutten to do wid Exxon. Dem rather dead and go laang dem way in peace, than to get pakoo like de baccoo and Trotty.
Talk half and watch wheh more trees gun dead.
Blue Jays pitcher J.A. Happ will undergo an MRI to determine the severity of his elbow injury, per Sportsnet. Happ is currently listed as day-to-day. In addition, starter Aaron Sanchez will reportedly see a hand specialist about his blister issues.
Dodgers' starter Rich Hill is day-to-day after leaving Sunday's game when he aggravated a blister, according to MLB.com.
Miguel Cabrera is listed as day-to-day after exiting Sunday's game with back tightness. According to The Detroit News, Cabrera will receive treatment Monday.
Image copyright Bowl Image caption Each jacket weighs about 1,000 tonnes
The first of 86 structures that will form the foundations for offshore wind turbines have been installed in the Outer Moray Firth.
More of the jackets for the Beatrice Offshore Windfarm Ltd (Bowl) project are to be installed up to December.
Weather permitting, the work will resume in May next year.
Each weighing about 1,000 tonnes, the jackets are being manufactured at yards in Fife, Newcastle, Belgium and Denmark.
The structures will be the deepest water fixed foundations of any offshore wind farm in the world.
Contractor Seaway Heavy Lifting is using the largest ship in its fleet, Oleg Strashnov, to install the jackets.
Several other vessels are also involved in the work off the coasts of Caithness and Moray.
Eighty-four of the jackets will support the Beatrice wind turbines, the first of which is due to be installed next.
The remaining two jackets will each support an offshore transformer module.
Once the construction phase is completed, Bowl will be operated from a base in Wick.
SSE, one of the companies involved, said the wind farm will be capable of providing enough electricity to power up to 450,000 homes.
It is expected to be fully operational by the end of 2019.
LA PAZ, Bolivia — A retired Bolivian bishop tapped by Pope Francis to be a cardinal is furiously denying suggestions that he has a wife and children and is threatening legal action.
Toribio Ticona said Wednesday that he “has nothing to do” with the alleged actions and said he would bring a legal complaint if the claims continue.
Francis named the 81-year-old cardinal last week. Ticona says the accusations were disproven after they first emerged in 2011 and have “resurfaced as slander in an attempt to attack” the pope by “sectors that are hostile” to the pontiff.
The accusations recently appeared in the Catholic blog “Adelanto en la Fe” — “Forward in the Faith.” It cites a 2011 complaint to local Catholic authorities that says Ticona had a family in a rural town.
British cybersecurity expert Marcus Hutchins was branded a hero for slowing the WannaCry global cyberattack in May. Frank Augstein / AP
Prosecutors haven't explained why Hutchins is being prosecuted in Wisconsin, and the grand jury indictment doesn't clarify matters much further, saying only that some of the alleged offenses occurred in Wisconsin “and elsewhere.”
Hutchins remains free on $30,000 bail pending his next scheduled court appearance on Oct. 17. U.S. Magistrate Judge William E. Duffin loosened some of Hutchins' bail restrictions, allowing him to relocate to Los Angeles, near his legal team, and to resume using computers for work. He had been barred from using internet-connected devices
after he was arrested Aug. 2 in Las Vegas, where he was attending the Black Hat and Def Con hacking conferences.
Hutchins had no comment as he left court, telling reporters only, “Thank you.” But he resumed tweeting Monday evening, noting drily that “a few more issues need sorting out” before he can resume his normal routine.
Marcia Hoffman, an attorney for Hutchins, told reporters after the hearing that her client “will be fully vindicated.”
“Marcus Hutchins is a brilliant young man and a hero,” she said.
Hutchins is considered a hero because he is “MalwareTech,” the once-mysterious white-hat hacker who
discovered a “kill switch” for the WannaCry ransomware attack, which swept the globe in May. The so-called cryptoworm paralyzed computers running older versions of Microsoft Windows by encrypting users' files and demanding $300 to $600 to release them.
But the indictment paints Hutchins as something else altogether, describing him as a black-hat hacker who personally created Kronos — which it said “recorded and exfiltrated user credentials and personally identifying information from protected computers.”
In an analysis in 2014, IBM researchers said Kronos — which went for $7,000 on the Russian underground market —
worked by stealing the usernames and passwords of online banking customers, which could then be used to break into their accounts. It also featured special code that would prompt users to type in other highly sensitive information, like PIN numbers and security questions and answers.
With a long shot pulling away from the Playa Escondida resort in Sayulita, Mexico, the show then teased Tuesday night's episode. "Tomorrow night on Bachelor in Paradise ," intoned host Chris Harrison, "The Bachelors and Bachelorettes returned to Mexico." It shows them as a group, presumably discussing the shutdown: "Do you want to be here?" Harrison asks the cast.
The premiere of Bachelor in Paradise wasted no time in its Monday premiere addressing the allegations of sexual assault that nearly scuttled the season. But the show then stretched the salacious events over two hours — and eventually two nights — alluding to and promoting the controversy before commercial breaks. It then ended on a cliffhanger, with producers approaching cast members Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson, presumably to pull them away from filming. The crew was shown literally putting cameras down.
Nine days later, Warner Bros. announced it had completed its investigation, and that it had found no evidence for "any charge of misconduct by a cast member." Production resumed soon after.
On June 11, Warner Bros., which produces the Bachelor franchise for ABC, suspended production on Season 4 of Bachelor in Paradise in order to investigate what the studio called "allegations of misconduct." It soon became clear — through leaks and reports — that the alleged incident was sexual, and the focus was on cast members DeMario Jackson and Corinne Olympios.
At the top of the show, audio snippets reporting on the show's shutdown played over images of an empty beach. Harrison, the show's longtime host, then addressed the situation, telling the audience: "As many of you already know, this was the season of Paradise that looked like it might not happen. After two days of shooting, we decided to suspend production. Yes, there was trouble in Paradise as accusations and allegations ran wild. It was an extraordinarily stressful and emotional time for our cast and all of our crew, including myself."
On the premiere, Jackson and Olympios were introduced as members of the cast, both talking to Harrison about their hopes for the season. Olympios was welcomed as the life of the party; Jackson, on the other hand, was greeted warily, both by Harrison and by fellow cast members. (He had been forced to leave Rachel Lindsay's recent season after a woman who said she was his girlfriend came on the show to confront him.)
Soon, Olympios and Jackson were shown drinking and flirting with each other — and then making out in the pool. Another contestant, Alex Woytkiw, narrated the events as he watched Olympios — still clothed, but swimming — and Jackson. "She is fully dressed, in the pool right now with DeMario. This is so romantic," he said sarcastically. "It is approximately 4:30 in the afternoon right now."
According to a lengthy interview Jackson did with E! News in late June, Olympios was the instigator of their sexual encounter. He made sure the cameras were following him, he said: "Because when you're a man, mostly an African-American man, no matter where you're at, you always look for things that can help you out." He told E! that they got naked in the pool, and that Olympios had put her "lady parts" in his face. He also said that though he wasn't drunk, nor was Olympios, he had been unable to achieve an erection, saying he had "whiskey dick."
Two producers filed complaints about the alleged incident, questioning Olympios' ability to consent, causing the shutdown.
Despite its truncated production schedule, ABC will air a nine-episode season of Bachelor in Paradise. And Jackson and Olympios have both been invited to film the reunion episode, which Olympios said last month she would attend.
On the show, the footage of their escalating sexual encounter was not shown, which Warner Bros. had said would be the case when it cleared Jackson of wrongdoing. "Out of respect for the privacy interests of those involved, we do not intend to release the videotape of the incident," the studio wrote in its statement.
see also Investigators hunt for mystery woman seen with Vegas shooter Investigators are trying to identify a mystery woman who had...
The mystery woman seen with Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock days before the massacre has been identified, at least by profession — she's a prostitute.
Investigators have not revealed the woman's name, but told ABC News that she was a hooker.
Officials have yet to uncover Paddock's motive in carting 24 weapons and thousands of rounds of ammo in suitcases into his suite at the Mandalay Bay last weekend.
Firing from his windows, he claimed nearly 60 lives and injured some 500 others at an outdoor concert Sunday night.
Paddock had earlier paid for his girlfriend, Marilou Danley, to travel to visit her family in the Philippines, and wired her $100,000 so she could buy a house there.
Investigators have confirmed that Danley had no idea he was plotting a mass shooting.
They also do not believe he had accomplices.
Whoever the mystery hooker might be, she was not believed to have been in his room in the hours before the shootings.
“He was the only shooter; I'm confident of that,” based on casino surveillance cameras, Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Undersheriff Kevin McMahill told NBC News on Friday.
“I'm also confident that there were no other people in the room leading up to this event,” McMahill said.
Researchers in Brazil are thinking on another level.
They are trying to use monkeys to prove that the ancient psychoactive substance known as ayahuasca is a better anti-depressant than modern pharmaceuticals.
Checkout the full study here.
Scientists Gave Monkeys Ayahuasca and It Helped Their Depression https://t.co/sI6O3ksriN — Very Ape (@veryapetv) March 19, 2018
Via Discover Magazine:
In a recent first, researchers at the Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte in Brazil gave ayahuasca, a potent entheogenic brew from the Amazon Basin, to common marmosets. Ayahuasca has been studied in rodents and humans before, but not non-human primates. And strangely — or not-so-strangely, depending on who you ask — the drug seemed to help the monkeys' depression.
Alternative Treatments
These days, ayahuasca is often conflated with kale-crunchers in San Francisco or New York who join shaman-led, soul-searching group therapy sessions with plenty of vomiting—the drink can cause great gastrointestinal distress.
But its use dates back hundreds of years among Amazonian tribes, and according to one study, regular ayahuasca users “performed better in neuropsychological tests, scored higher in spirituality and showed better psychosocial adaptation.” Ayahuasca has been shown to be generally safe and non-addictive, illuminating well-being with fast-acting anti-depressive effects in just one dose.
Despite a recent study in The Lancet, which showed that 21 antidepressants work better than placebo, we need better treatments for depression. About a third of people still don't respond to treatment, while it can take weeks for a drug to begin working. For the majority, reaching full remission is unobtainable.
This is why researchers are looking to classic psychedelics — including ketamine and psilocybin— to see if they hold greater promise. And with the case of the marmosets, ayahuasca did rapidly reduce depression symptoms.
So how do you depress a monkey? Well, similar to humans, marmosets are social primates, so the researchers simply isolated them for eight weeks in cages where they could still hear and smell their colony members. This disruption in social relationships caused the juvenile monkeys — eight males and seven females — to exhibit stress behaviors, such as excessive sleepiness, scratching and grooming, while also losing weight and eating less. Researchers also measured cortisol, a hormone that regulates stress, by sampling the marmosets' feces.
“After the ingestion of ayahuasca we observed the stress behavior reduced,” says Nicole Galvão-Coelho, the study's lead author. “Ayahuasca regulated the cortisol levels to that similar to the family groups.”
Within 24 hours, the monkeys' began to eat more, they stopped scratching excessively, and later, their weight returned to baseline levels. Galvão-Coelho's team compared these results with a previous study they designed using isolated, depressed marmosets that were given nortriptyline, a tricyclic antidepressant. In this case, the ayahuasca produced faster, better results.
Hit the jump to learn more about ayahuasca's history and modern uses.
1 2Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Josh McDaniels receiving interest from Rams, Jaguars, 49ers
Josh McDaniels is a hot commodity on the coaching market.
The New England Patriots offensive coordinator is receiving interest from multiple teams for their coaching vacancies.
According to USA Today's tom Pelissero, McDaniels has received interest from the Rams, Jaguars and 49ers.
#Rams plan to start interviews this week with offensive assistants. Among those they've already reached out on: Josh McDaniels, Sean McVay. — Tom Pelissero (@TomPelissero) January 2, 2017
McDaniels can interview this week because of #Patriots bye. #Jaguars, #49ers also among those reaching out, I'm told. — Tom Pelissero (@TomPelissero) January 2, 2017
McDaniels, 40, has been with the Patriots since 2012 — his second stint with the team. He previously had an unsuccessful stint as head coach of the Broncos, which ended in his firing midway through his second season. He was also involved in a videotaping scandal at the time.
McDaniels is older now, a little wiser and more experienced, and he should be better prepared to become a head coach this time.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Airbus is one of several companies warning that future investment is threatened by lack of clarity over the trading relationship with the EU
Business leaders have been told they will get a preview of the government's final position on customs and trading arrangements ahead of the publication of a government White Paper next Thursday - but NOT before the whole cabinet thrashes out the final contents of the paper on Friday at the Prime Minister's country retreat, Chequers.
I'm told that many members of the full cabinet have yet to receive any documents to review ahead of Friday's crunch talks. Media reports - that businesses would get a heads-up before ministers - were dismissed by senior government sources.
However, the government IS hoping that business will do its bit by responding positively to what the government will claim is a new level of post-summit clarity.
It hopes business will be just as noisy in welcoming it as they were in complaining about its absence in the last two weeks.
Large manufacturers including Airbus, BMW and Nissan have all recently warned that future investment in the UK is threatened by lack of clarity on future trading arrangements with the EU, with specific worries about delays at borders caused by new customs procedures.
It's been reported that a new idea will be unveiled at the summit on how to keep the borders friction free - a third way between the two options already considered.
Options
To refresh memories, the first option - the maximum facilitation (or "max fac") model - envisages using new (as yet unspecified) technology to reduce (not eliminate) friction at our ports, airports and, crucially, at the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
The second, a "new customs partnership" would see the UK collecting EU tariffs on goods bound for European markets on the EU's behalf - and sending them on to Brussels - with the option of paying refunds on goods remaining in the UK.
I'm told that of the two options, the latter was winning the argument in cabinet as it's much cheaper for business and does away with the need for any new physical borders with the EU - particularly important on the island of Ireland. It therefore seems likely that any third way will look more like the customs partnership than the max-fac model.
The problem is that both have been dismissed by the EU as unworkable and that is why some business leaders I've spoken to are sceptical that Chequers and the subsequent White Paper will herald the kind of breakthrough businesses crave.
"Alice in Wonderland" summit
One veteran business leader described the Chequers summit as an "Alice in Wonderland" meeting.
Another told me the credibility of senior UK managers at multinational companies was "completely shot" as messages of reassurance from the government - that were dutifully carried back to their international boards - proved to be "meaningless promises".
However, the director general of the British Chambers of Commerce, Dr Adam Marshall, told the BBC that if the government delivers a settled position from which to base negotiations, business will say "hallelujah".
A senior cabinet minister hoped that Friday's summit would prove to be a "big moment" in the history of the Brexit process.
If the Chequers summit produces a clear position, which has broad support from her own government and provides business with a sense of clarity about what the UK is trying to achieve, then it will have been one.
Theresa May and David Davis will feel they can then finally turn OUTWARD to the EU and legitimately ask them to use more imagination in finding a solution that delivers a version of Brexit which is in the economic interests of both sides.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The U.S. Marshals arrested a Dayton homicide suspect on Thursday night.
The Southern Ohio Fugitive Apprehension Strike Team (SOFAST) arrested a 17-year-old in connection with a deadly shooting at Summit Square Apartments.
The teenager was arrested on murder and felonious assault charges.
The fatal shooting happened on Saturday, September 30 just before 7:30 p.m.
Dayton Police Detectives say 22-year-old Davion Mcghee from Huber Heights was found shot to death.
After investigating, detectives identified the 17-year-old as the suspect in the shooting.
On Thursday night, SOFAST officers found the suspect in Dayton near Summit Square Apartments. He was arrested and taken in for questioning.
Due to the age of the suspect, his name is not being released.
U.S. Marshals SOFAST is a multi-jurisdictional task force comprised of the Dayton Police Department, Springfield Police Department, Clark County Sheriff's Office, Grandview Hospital Police Department, Miami County Sheriff's Office, Ohio Adult Parole Authority, Ohio State Highway Patrol, Shelby County Sheriff's Office, and Springboro Police Department.
IT needs to change or it will go the way of the dinosaur – extinct.
Chief information officer, innovation officer, information director, senior manager of business systems. These roles have fallen under many names and expectations.
The CIO is the executive job title commonly given to people at an enterprise level. He or she oversees the tech systems and strategy needed to support the business' objectives.
Having the title of chief brings with it an expectation of involvement with other chiefs across the organisation. That of a peer within a group, from the outside you would expect it to be up there with the chief enterprise officer, chief financial officer or chief operations officer. A bunch of chiefs working together as one group; the CEO being the supreme chief or captain of a team of c-level executives.
For some organisations this is the case, but in many, it is not. CIOs have reported to CFOs, head librarians, and executives of business services. CIOs can be as far as three or four degrees of separation from a CEO. The greater that separation, the greater the lack of executive digital literacy.
Low literacy leads to digital debt that will come back to haunt a business for many years as decisions made by ill-advised ‘friends' of executives who don't engage with the CIO, become costly. Executives in this type of organisation consider the technology group a burden; their failures are IT's fault and have nothing to do with their own decisions.
But in another type of organisation where the separation between IT and other business groups is reduced, things look quite different. The CIO becomes part of the executive and technology becomes an investment that can help the business prosper.
Here's what is really different about these two types of organisations.
Business type 1: IT is a cost burden
The IT group and the business are separate. The business complains that IT is just not working and the group doesn't understand its needs. Many people in these types of businesses have heard of better technologies from a friend of a friend. They feel that if it wasn't for IT, the business would run properly.
IT on the other hand complains bitterly about the fact that executives don't understand the technology. They feel that if only executives would listen to IT, the business would be better off. They believe the business just doesn't understand the benefits of what the latest operating system will do for them.
“If only we could update all the servers and PCs, the organisation would be happier,” the IT group says.
These organisations have built a fence between business and IT; each party blaming the other for problems.
Business type 2: IT maximises ROI
IT is an integral part of the business, providing seamless and effective delivery of services. There is no discussion about operating systems, desktops, and applications. All conversations are around information and its distribution; how and where access is provided to users.
These organisations provide users with the right information to help them do a better job. The IT group shares information with the end user no matter the technology, location or time.
So where does the CIO sit in these business?
Business type 1: The CIO keeps the lights on
The CIO here goes by another title; the IT manager or senior manager. Their role is seen as a functionary one; to keep the lights on and make sure that when systems fall over, they can get them going again.
These people don't have time to develop strategies; they can barely manage preserving the systems. Besides, the CFO or someone else looking to keep a lid on costs will ultimately decide which systems are necessary.
IT has become such a cost that they don't want to invest in new infrastructure; existing systems have been running for years. Why spend more money?
IT promised the world during the last system refresh; a fortune was spent to improve existing processes that were already working. After all that, the new technologies and business processes are more complicated than ever.
This CIO's technology group is viewed as a waste of money; outsourced service providers are believed to provide better value. Executives feel that the IT group should just look after the desktops; they know the business better than IT so they will run the projects themselves and let the CIO and his or her technology staff just keep it going.
Business type 2: The CIO is integral to the business
The CIO in this business spends little time if any within IT, they are an integral part to the whole business. They work with the executives, to understand the business' objectives. They know that information can enable and affect business results.
Users are just not interested in the details of the technology; in fact they don't care about the technology. Their only focus is access to their information, being there at the right time, right place, no matter what solutions are being used.
These CIOs use whatever technology is required – desktops, laptops, tablets, or phones. They don't waste time over technology decisions and consider everything that their users need.
So are your days numbered? It depends on where you sit and these are two extreme examples. Moving from type 1 to type 2 business won't happen overnight. What you need to do if your business is a type 1 is to leave the island of IT and join the business.
Become a partner, get to know the business. IT needs to change or it will go the way of the dinosaur – extinct. If this is you, your days are numbered.
Everything that IT does is about information distribution and how users access it. Enabling the user is paramount to deliver business results. If business realises the value of IT, it will invest more. What you propose should improve business processes, save money or do both.
If not, then why would you propose it? Make sure your message connects with business and it's focused on innovation and improvement.
The role of CIO needs to engage with the business. Become a partner, know the business. Make no mistake about it, IT and business need one another.
Marc Dimmick is a technology and management strategist at Consilium Futuri – Design the future.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
What: 2017 ECIC Boy's Golf Individual Championship and Qualifier
When: Tuesday, October 10, 2017 . 18 Hole Medal Play Event. 9 am shotgun start. Playoff(s) (to break ties) usually occur around 2:30 pm .
Who: Field Size = The Top (80 and ties) Ranked Players out of (215 Ranked Players in 2017). All 21 ECIC Varsity Boy's Golf Teams will be represented.
There were (5) Players that were ranked in the top-80 that were either ineligible (had to play in at least 50% of their team's matches) or declared injured/out for ECIC's: Jacob Dantonio, 7, Lanc, Kellek Ernst, 9, Amhst, Kyle Gonsiorek, 10, Fron, Trevor Cohan, 10, WMEA, Steven Case, 11, Clar.
That makes the cut 48.25. I believe the cut has increased steadily since 2011 due to the fact that we have seen a decline in the number of ranked players each year. Schools have been combining teams due to the low numbers of participants and every time that occurs, we lose at least 10 players in the rankings as a result.
19 of 21 ECIC Boys Golf schools had players inside the Top-80 and ties. The two that didn't, Lakeshore/Eden and Maryvale, will send Jackson Carney, 12, Eden Lksh & Alex Dirado, 12, Maryvale.
This makes for a total field of 83 Players.
We'll assume we have your consent to use cookies, for example so you won't need to log in each time you visit our site.
Learn more
Agree
From Petersen Media
(December 11, 2017) – 2017 was by far a year for Shane Golobic to remember, and that is not event including his racing accolades. Amidst a rigorous schedule that saw him compete 81 times across the United States and record 10 wins and a USAC Midget Week Championship, Golobic also found time to get on one knee and propose to long time girlfriend, Sarah Wood.
“It was a great year,” Shane Golobic said. “It was one of those busy seasons that I really didn't grasp how great it was until it was all done, and I was able to put pen to paper and really see what we were able to accomplish. Mix that in with getting engaged to my biggest fan and great supporter, Sarah Wood, and you really have something special.”
Golobic made waves while competing in California with the Keith Day Racing team, as well as running a full USAC Midget schedule aboard a potent Clauson-Marshall Racing midget. In some downtime, Golobic was able to take part in the USAC National Sprint Car Series' Eastern Storm aboard the Dave Ely/Gene Franckowiak machine, and even made a cameo aboard the Golobic Brothers Racing No. 57 entry one night in Placerville, CA.
All in all, Golobic was in action on 81 occasions, racking up 10 feature event wins, 18 second place finishes, and six third place finishes, giving him a remarkable 34 podium finishes on the season.
While competing aboard the Elk Grove Ford/Keith Day Trucking/Gabilan Ag Services backed No. 22 machine, Golobic was able to pick up eight of his 10 wins including the Fall Nationals, the Silver Cup, the Pombo Sargent Classic, and was able to pick up his second career Trophy Cup Championship.
It was a very strong year for the Keith Day Racing team as Golobic was in action 42 times picking up 10 second place finishes, three third place finishes, 26 Top-5's, and 36 Top-10's to go along with his aforementioned eight wins.
Competing with the upstart Clauson-Marshall Racing team for his first full run at the USAC National Midget Championship, Golobic proved to be up for the challenge as he stayed in the championship hunt up until the final few races on the schedule before he officially finished in the second spot.
Taking part in 30-races, Golobic flexed his muscle nightly as he was able to score two feature events wins including the Outlaw Showdown, 10 podium finishes, 18 Top-5's and 26 Top-10's.
One of his biggest wins of the season wasn't a race, but it was an impressive body of work that saw him claim the ultra tough 2017 Indiana Midget Week Championship. The Fremont, CA native also put forth a great effort at the Turkey Night Grand Prix, as he scored a third place finish behind NASCAR standouts Christopher Bell, and Kyle Larson.
“Looking back at it all, it was a really fun season, and I am extremely fortunate to be in the position that I am in with Keith Day Racing, and Clauson-Marshall Racing,” Golobic added. “We had some great partners on both teams that made it all possible, and I have to thank them all for their support. I have some of the hardest working guys in motorsports on my side, and I owe all of the success we had in 2017 to them. I am looking forward to 2018, and hopefully looking to turn some of our second place finishes into more wins.”
Golobic continued, “I also have to thank Matt Wood and Elk Grove Ford for all of their continued support. He has really gone above and beyond supporting both the Sprint Car team and the Midget team, and I really want him to know how much I appreciate everything he does.”
Shane Golobic would like to thank Matt Wood and Elk Grove Ford, Keith Day Trucking, Gabilan Ag Services, Riley Collins Auto Body, Keizer Wheels, LRB Manufacturing, KSE, DMI, Astro Titanium, Brown and Miller Racing Solutions, FK Rod Ends, and Simpson Racing Products for their continued support.
Blake Diggle, Josh Lauck, Garrett McCarthy and Tyler Rando, Mission College baseball: The four local products were named all-Golden Gate Conference first-team selections as they helped the Saints win the conference championship. Rando, formerly of Willow Glen High, has a .352 batting average. Diggle, who played at IMG Academy but is from Mountain View, has six home runs and a .342 average. McCarthy and Lauck, who played at St. Francis, have .307 and .325 batting averages, respectively. Lauck also has six home runs. McCarthy has 17 steals and 17 walks.
Kaitlyn Schiffhauer, Harvard softball: The 2015 Los Altos High graduate had two hits in four at-bats, including a double, walked and scored two of her team's three runs during Harvard's recent appearance in the NCAA Division I tournament. She will return next season as a senior captain.
Related Articles NCS softball: Tuesday's scores, updated schedule
NCS baseball: Tuesday's scores, updated schedule
NCS baseball: De La Salle closing in on another title
NCS baseball: Foothill blasts Freedom to reach Division I final
NCS softball: Weekend scores, updated schedule How to nominate
To nominate candidates for Athlete of the Week, Highlight Reel and Movin' On Up, email highschools@bayareanewsgroup.com by noon Monday.
Spoelstra on Heat's trip to Civil Rights Museum in Memphis
Miami Heat coach Erik Spoelstra talks about the team's trip to the Civil Rights Museum in Memphis. Dec. 10, 2017.
Get ready to see Elizabeth Warren everywhere.
The famously press-averse Massachusetts senator will suddenly be very visible as she tours the country to promote her new book ahead of a 2018 reelection campaign, all of which could lay the groundwork for a possible 2020 presidential bid.
On Tuesday, Warren will release "This Fight Is Our Fight: The Battle to Save America's Middle Class," the 11th book by the former professor and bankruptcy law expert, who has published both academic treatises and mass-market tracts, including several co-written with her daughter.
Warren will launch the book Tuesday with an appearance at the Barnes & Noble in Union Square in New York City, where Hillary Clinton kicked off her own tour to promote her 2014 book "Hard Choices."
From there, Warren will head to Boston's famous Old South Church and Mt. Holyoke College in Western Massachusetts, before making stops at Chicago's Music Box Theater, Washington D.C.,'s Sixth and I Historic Synagogue and the 1,400-seat Alex Theater in Los Angeles.
All of the events are already sold out underscoring Warren's popularity in Blue America.
Separately, Warren will be the keynote speaker at a massive NAACP fundraiser in Detroit next weekend, which is expected to attract up to 10,000 people at the Cobo Center. Clinton was given the keynote last year and former Vice President Joe Biden had the honor in 2015.
RELATED: The top Democrats who could challenge Trump
Warren, who famously avoids reporters in the halls of the Capitol and gives few interviews, will appear on NBC News' "TODAY" on Tuesday and sit for interviews with other news and late-night programs in coming weeks.
She already appeared on a Sunday morning political talk show — CBS's Face the Nation — and invited two newspapers, the Boston Globe and USA Today, to her Cambridge home for interviews.
Warren, who has raised an eye-popping $9.2 million for re-election, is bracing for a tough Senate run next year, though she has so far not attracted a top-tier challenger.
Book tours have often been the first tentative step onto the campaign trail for White House aspirants, going back to at least John F. Kennedy, who wrote "Profiles in Courage" three years before being elected president.
Conservatives are reading Warren's new book as "a soft launch of her 2020 presidential run," as Colin Reed, the executive director of the super PAC America Rising, put it in a memo to reporters.
The opposition research group, which started digging up dirt on Clinton when she launched her pre-campaign book tour three years ago, announced Tuesday that it was starting "The Elizabeth Warren Initiative" to "make Warren's life difficult."
The group plans to send operatives with video cameras to track Warren's public appearances, launch Freedom of Information Act requests to dig up records, and hit her in the press with the goal of damaging her both in 2018 and ahead of 2020.
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton accompanied by Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) in Cincinnati, Ohio on Monday, June 27, 2016. The Washington Post via Getty Images
Warren's book, according to early reviews, seems designed to avoid unnecessarily foreclosing any doors. She avoids criticizing Clinton for missteps in last year's presidential campaign, skips weighing in on the myriad internecine fights inside the Democratic party, and only touches on her own brief considerations to run last year.
And Warren is not the only Democrat with a book.
Minnesota Sen. Al Franken's latest book will be released May 30. Satirically titled "Al Frank, Giant of Senate," Franken uses the book to tell the unlikely story of how a former Saturday Night Live comedian ran for office and became the titular "giant" of the upper chamber.
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, meanwhile, who released a book late last year about his presidential run, is involved in another one geared for your adults. "The Bernie Sanders Guide to Political Revolution," geared for young people interested politics, is due out later this year.
A dangerous driver failed to give his real name to police when stopped behind the wheel.
Nathan Johan Gallagher, 29, of Lorne Street, Wrexham, was stopped by police on Bellevue Road on August 8 and repeatedly gave his name as John Carter to officers, insisting that he had a valid driving licence.
But it turned out Gallagher had been disqualified from driving in 2004 after a dangerous driving offence and had never taken the extended retest needed to get his licence back.
PC Colin Colbourn had been on patrol driving down Holt Street at about 2.30am when Gallagher was spotted behind the wheel of a Renault Megane.
He appeared to be loitering and waiting for the officers to drive past despite having right of way.
PC Colbourn drove on before turning round near the entrance to Waterworld and followed Gallagher, stopping him on Bellevue Road.
Gallagher told PC Colbourn his name was John Carter and added he did not have any identification with him at the time.
Officers said he was behaving in a suspicious manner and Gallagher repeatedly insisted his name was John Carter despite the police database having no such record.
Eventually Gallagher was arrested on suspicion of driving without a licence or insurance. He was taken to Wrexham police station and again gave his name as John Carter but when searched, a bank card in his real name was found.
And it became apparent that Gallagher had been banned from driving in 2004 and was not eligible to get behind the wheel.
Despite this, he maintained his name was John Carter and denied he was disqualified from driving.
Gallagher appeared for sentencing before Wrexham Magistrates' Court, having been found guilty of driving while disqualified and obstructing a police officer in execution of duty after a trial.
He had admitted charges of driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence and driving without insurance.
Rhian Jackson, prosecuting, said in addition to the 2004 dangerous driving matter, Gallagher had three other instances of driving while disqualified on his record.
Probation officer Andrew Connah said Gallagher, who lives with his mother, still denied the offences despite being found guilty.
He was assessed as being a medium to high risk of reoffending and a medium risk of causing harm to the public.
Mr Connah said: “I don't think he understands the potential seriousness of his offences and he does not feel they would justify a prison sentence.
“I did point out to him that his previous offences could cause him difficulty.”
But magistrates drew back from sending Gallagher to prison. For driving while disqualified, he was handed a 12-week custodial sentence, suspended for 12 months.
For obstructing a police officer, Gallagher was fined £50. He was also ordered to undertake a 15-day rehabilitation activity requirement.
There were no separate penalties for the driving otherwise in accordance with a licence and insurance charges.
Gallagher was banned from driving for a further 12 months and reminded he must take an extended retest before getting back behind the wheel.
In addition, £250 in costs and a £115 victim surcharge were also imposed.
Residents don't trust Carson's promise to help them after he tears down their homes.
Ben Carson, the brain surgeon and former Republican candidate appointed as the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, has announced that HUD will shut down both public housing projects in Cairo, Illinois, a rural town in Southern Illinois. In a recent public conference at a high school gym, Carson pledged to help the residents he displaces, NPR reports.
HUD has announced that the department will no longer construct new homes, but Carson still promises to help to remain residents who want to stay in the small town in any way he can. Residents wonder how he will help them when new housing hasn't been constructed in 50 years. As of date, only 10 of the 400 displaced families have secured housing.
Ben Carson is the least qualified of any HUD Secretary appointed by a Republican President. The American Prospectreports that former Republican appointees had held prior leadership positions in government or housing agencies. In contrast, Carson is a neurosurgeon who Trump once called “pathological,” and his public comments about poverty and housing oppose HUD's mission. When his appointment as HUD Secretary was still a rumor, his spokesman told The Hill, “Dr. Carson feels he has no government experience. He's never run a federal agency. The last thing he would want to do was take a position that could cripple the presidency.”
Now, Carson threatens to “cripple” a community that was already on the brink of disaster, the report says. Cairo's public housing residents are many of the city's remaining population. The city has been in decline for decades, and it no longer has a gas station or grocery store. The city's sole hospital was demolished in 1987. Still, remaining residents consider the city their home and don't plan on leaving. Public housing resident Melvin Dixon told NPR that he would have to be dragged out of his community, and said that Carson's latest comments were just “a political thing” that contradict his earlier communication with soon-to-be displaced residents. “He already sent a letter saying it's unfortunate, but we can't help you.”
SOURCE: NPR
SEE ALSO:
For Real? Ben Carson Says ‘Poverty Is A State Of Mind'
Ben Carson Confirmed As HUD Secretary
6 Gaffes That Signaled The End Of Ben Carson's Presidential Campaign
ARTICLE FROM: NewsOne.com
Article Courtesy of NPR and NewsOne
Picture Courtesy of Mark Makela, Getty Images, and NewsOne
Colorado's governor played sage to California on Tuesday, warning lawmakers that their state has a “steep hill” ahead in legalizing recreational marijuana and urging them to pay close attention to aspects such as home-grow regulations, pesticides and public safety.
Hickenlooper addressed California lawmakers in Sacramento to share his lessons learned and words of wisdom from when his state launched first-of-its-kind, adult-use cannabis sales in 2014.
“It's one of the hardest things we've ever done, one of the hardest things I've ever done in public life, but also one of the things I'm most proud of,” Hickenlooper said during a Senate Governance and Finance committee oversight hearing on cannabis tax system implementation.
Hickenlooper told lawmakers of how he was not a supporter of legalized marijuana in Colorado when voters passed Amendment 64 in 2012 and his concerns about the unintended consequences of such a move.
Take Colorado's home-grow regulations, which allow for medical marijuana patients to have up to 99 plants with a doctor's approval. The lax regulations spawned a “gray market” in Colorado and created more potential for out-of-state diversion, he said.
“It's a stupid system, and I would encourage you guys to clamp down,” Hickenlooper said.
Amendment 64 allows adult residents to grow up to six plants; a number of local ordinances have set a limit of 12 plants per household.
In hindsight, Colorado also should have put better care into its edibles regulations from the start — banning cannabis-infused products that would be attractive to children and ensuring clearer labels, actions that since were implemented, he said. Developing strong pesticide protocols also was highly recommended.
And there were the issues outside of Colorado's control.
The inability for state-legal marijuana businesses to openly bank is a “terrible system,” he said.
“These are really vexing issues that you're going to have some challenges on,” he said.
He spoke highly of developing a collaborative and transparent system and the successes that could come as a result.
From a “35,000-foot level,” Colorado has fared pretty well from this experiment, Hickenlooper noted.
Health officials have not seen a spike in teenage use; there has not been a dramatic increase in overall usage or consumption; a collaborative taxation system exists to stamp out the black market and fund programs to address any unintended consequences; and polls show that residents are increasingly in favor of continued legalization, he said.
“The United States now has almost two-thirds of the country — I think it's 64 percent of the people in America — lives in a state that has either legalized medical or recreational marijuana,” he said. “… I think it's going to be one of the great social experiments of the first half of the 21st century. And the more we work together, the more we can help each other, the better the outcome will be for our citizens.”
In response to a question about uncertainty on the federal level, Hickenlooper said he's hopeful that the Trump administration would not interfere with legal states.
“We're optimistic that (President Donald Trump) is going to let the experiment continue,” he said, “but they're going to closely watch it, I'm sure.”
For decades, U.S. antitrust enforcers have worried mostly about mergers between direct competitors that might lead to higher consumer prices. They've been less bothered by deals between companies that are in related businesses but that don't compete directly. That could be changing, if the Justice Department prevails in a trial that began this week. While the federal government is seeking only to block the $85 billion merger between AT&T Inc. and Time Warner Inc., the shift in enforcement raises the possibility that similar types of combinations could hit a roadblock, slowing down the pace of dealmaking.
1. What are the different types of mergers?
Horizontal and vertical. In the horizontal kind, a company buys one of its competitors. Imagine if Toyota Motor Corp. bought General Motors Co., or Apple Inc. acquired Samsung Electronics Co. These are the types of deals that have raised antitrust worries in the past. Vertical deals, on the other hand, unite companies that operate at different levels of production or distribution, as is the case with AT&T and Time Warner. Think of Toyota or Apple buying one of their many parts suppliers. These deals don't increase concentration in an industry because they don't combine head-to-head rivals.
2. Why the new worry about vertical mergers?
In theory, they can make a company more efficient by giving it cost advantages over rivals. Those lower costs can be passed on to customers in the form of lower prices. Yet vertical deals also can threaten competition by, for example, giving a company the power to raise the operating costs of its rivals.
3. What's the problem with the AT&T deal?
Depends on who you ask. The Justice Department claims AT&T could charge higher rates for, say, Time Warner's HBO, which produces the "Game of Thrones" series. That would push up costs for rival distributors such as Dish Network Corp., which presumably would pass on those higher costs to its customers. An economist hired by the Justice Department says it could mean $36 million a month, or $436 million a year, in higher customer bills. AT&T says that is minuscule -- about 45 cents a month per subscriber -- and that its calculations show consumers would pay less. AT&T also sees the combination of its distribution networks with Time Warner's content as pro-competitive, allowing it to go toe-to-toe with Silicon Valley giants such as Netflix Inc. and Amazon.com Inc.
4. Why is this coming up now?
Enforcers have long recognized that vertical deals can present a host of problems that harm competition. It's just that they tended to fix them through settlements in which companies agreed to restrictions on how they would conduct business in the future. When Comcast Corp. bought NBCUniversal in 2011 -- a vertical deal that united Comcast's distribution with NBCUniversal's content -- Comcast agreed to dozens of conditions. Many had to do with content licensing to address the government's view that Comcast would be able to harm online-video rivals like Netflix or Amazon by raising the cost of content or withholding it altogether. President Donald Trump's Justice Department views those kinds of fixes skeptically, a stance welcomed by those who say the conditions don't work.
5. Why don't enforcers like horizontal deals?
They potentially give an acquirer market power, depending on the shape of the industry. By taking out a competitor, the buyer may be able to raise prices on its own or in coordination with the remaining players. The Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission have successfully challenged many of these types of deals. For example, the Justice Department in early 2017 stopped two health-insurance mergers -- Anthem Inc.'s proposed takeover of Cigna Corp. and Aetna Inc.'s deal with Humana Inc.
6. What other mergers might draw extra scrutiny?
CVS Health Corp.'s $68 billion bid for Aetna Inc., also a vertical merger, could be next in the Justice Department's crosshairs. It has the potential to reshape how Americans receive health care by uniting CVS's pharmacies and drop-in clinics with an insurer. The companies say the deal would make basic care more convenient and less costly, but there's also the risk that CVS might steer Aetna's insured members to its pharmacies whether or not they live or work near one. Similar issues could arise in yet another vertical health-care deal, the proposed $54 billion merger of insurer Cigna Corp. and drug-benefits manager Express Scripts Holding Co.
7. What about the Disney deal?
Walt Disney Co.'s $52.4 billion acquisition of many 21st Century Fox Inc. assets is mostly a horizontal combination. But it raises some of the same concerns the Justice Department has with the AT&T-Time Warner deal. By combining its ESPN network with Fox's 22 regional cable networks devoted to sports, Disney could force distributors to buy bigger bundles of content, for example. That would hurt rivals such as Dish Network's Sling TV that are only interested in individual channels.
8. What's behind the new activism?
Trump's antitrust chief, Makan Delrahim, has thrown out the playbook for resolving antitrust concerns in vertical deals. Days before suing AT&T and Time Warner, Delrahim criticized the behavioral settlements that enforcers have used to set requirements on how a company operates. Such conditions mean that the government must become a roving regulator to closely monitor a company's affairs, he said. These settlements are hard to enforce, eventually expire and ultimately aren't a real fix for competition problems, Delrahim told antitrust lawyers in Washington. He's testing that view on the AT&T-Time Warner deal: Instead of negotiating a behavioral fix, he's seeking the sale of Time Warner's Turner Broadcasting unit or DirecTV, AT&T's satellite-TV operator.
9. Does this mean big is bad -- again?
Delrahim's preference for asset sales over behavioral fixes raises the bar for getting vertical deals approved. But analyzing whether antitrust is entering a new era is made tougher by politics. The Time Warner lawsuit has sparked speculation that the decision to block the deal wasn't motivated by antitrust concerns but by Trump's disdain for CNN, part of Time Warner's Turner Broadcasting unit. No evidence has emerged that Trump interfered in the review, but Delrahim will have to establish a longer track record to quell doubts about his approach to vertical mergers.
The Reference Shelf
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
A Clayton County family is counting their blessings on this Easter Sunday after police said a man kicked in their door and tried to break in, but the homeowner, also a disabled Army veteran fought the intruder off in his birthday suit.
“My naked behind is coming and then my youngest son has a big cook knife behind me,” said Army veteran, Greg Silvery. “We are looking at the guy, first he was trying to punch to get in, now he is trying to push to get away.”
Greg Silvery said he rushed out of his bedroom after hearing his son scream for help. When he came out he saw one of his sons trying to push the front door closed as a man was trying to get in. The 6'3, 340 pounds disabled Army veteran said he gave it all he had and punched the intruder in the face.
“I saw his eyes roll back and he hit that and he fell back,” said Greg.
Related stories…
Greg said he shut the door, laid across the floor and told his family to get back, concerned the intruder may have had a gun. His wife called 911.
“I am sorry he got hurt, but he came in to do dirt so dirt was done to him,” said Greg's wife Rhonda Silvery.
The Silvery family said Riverdale Police quickly responded, but the attempted burglar got away. Greg said all he could think of in that moment was protecting his family.
“You have something in there that I want and I am willing to take it and I am telling him I got something here that I love, I love that woman more than I love myself,” said Greg.
Read more from FOX 5 Atlanta.
The Post Office is set to open a newly modernised “main” post office in Dundee's Brantwood Avenue.
The service will be launched on Wednesday March 15 at 1pm.
The branch itself will open from 9am-5.30pm, Monday to Saturday, with selected Post Office products and services available from the retail counter during shop hours, which are 5.15am-6pm, Monday to Friday, and 6am-7pm on Saturday, as well as 6am-1pm on Sunday.
The opening hours will increase by more than 37 hours a week.
Post Office area manager Damian Mulholland said: “We are making it easier for customers to get their cash, send and collect their mail and do their banking because we know how important these services are to local residents.
“We are confident that this vibrant new-style post office at the heart of the local community will meet customer needs.
“This modernisation is part of a major investment programme.”
You'll be jealous of the crazy perks at these office towers For today's tenants, deals are driven by a new buzzword: Amenities. While location still counts, a curated lifestyle often wows would-be tenants to sign on the dotted line. And when...
NYU Langone hospital's dramatic revamp is nearly done A decade-long master plan for NYU Langone hospital is finally coming to fruition despite setbacks from Hurricane Sandy. The not-for-profit hospital's location on the large superblock that runs from East...
Co-working spaces are gobbling up huge swaths of real estate Once a way to quickly lease a floor or two in an office building, shared work spaces have become so hip that businesses are even leasing them for their entire...
Major food changes coming to Times Square Food changes are afoot in Times Square. First, the Upper West Side's popular The Ribbon will be taking over the former Guy's American Kitchen & Bar at West 44th Street....
Peloton opening West Village studio dedicated to treadmills Peloton is opening a new production studio in Greenwich Village that will be devoted to its new treadmills. The fitness company already live-streams spin classes from its studio at 140...
ABC shopping for new building downtown It looks like Kelly and Ryan could soon be broadcasting from Hudson Square — or another new Manhattan site. Disney-owned ABC is seeking to cut a deal to move its...
Chinese venture capital firm leases floor of Hammacher Schlemmer Building The privately held Chinese venture capital firm ToJoy Holding Co. is leasing the entire 10th floor of the 12-story Hammacher Schlemmer Building at 145 E. 57th St., between Lexington and...
Stonehenge Management relocating corporate offices Ofer Yardeni's Stonehenge Management is moving to 13,402 square feet on a portion of the 21st floor of 1675 Broadway between West 52nd and West 53rd streets. A private residential...
Real Estate Board of New York picks the best deals of 2017 The city's most ingenious deals of 2017 were transactions that moved a union and its funds, created a new women's dorm within space built for offices, and made possible multiple...
NEED TO CATCH up? TheJournal.ie brings you a round-up of today's news.
IRELAND
Nigel Farage arriving at Trinity College where he gave a speech today. Source: Brian Lawless/PA Images
INTERNATIONAL
People react after the father of victims of Larry Nassar confronted him in court today. Source: Matthew Dae Smith AP/PA Images
#TRUMP CARD: US President Donald Trump gave the go-ahead for a controversial memo alleging an FBI abuse of power to be declassified and published.
#FINSBURY PARK: A British man who deliberately drove a van into a group of worshippers near a London mosque, killing one man, has been sentenced to life in prison with a minimum 43-year term.
#LARRY NASSAR: A father of three victims of Larry Nassar tried to attack the disgraced former USA Gymnastics doctor during a sentencing hearing, after the judge declined his request for “five minutes” alone with Nassar in a locked room.
PARTING SHOT
Fans of Girl Power rejoiced today upon the news that the Spice Girls would be returning.
The comeback gigs will see each member earn around £10 million each.
Apparently, Victoria Beckham was the last one to be convinced to come back but has done so on the condition that she doesn't have to sing.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
This is what a psychotic breakdown actually feels like One sunny afternoon eight years ago, lawyer Zack McDermott sprinted through Manhattan's Tompkins Square Park, convinced he was being filmed for his own TV show. In a psychotic break, he...
How this couple stopped mental illness from tearing them apart San Francisco-based teacher Mark Lukach was married to his wife Giulia for just three years when she had her first psychotic episode at age 27. In the years that followed,...
How a WWE star wrestled with mental illness Don't mess with “Crazy Chick.” Former three-time WWE Divas champion AJ Mendez Brooks was beloved for her stage persona as a vengeful ex-girlfriend, but she had her limits for how...
Cops Taser bipolar woman armed with knives, scissors Cops disarmed a bipolar woman who was menacing them with a knife and threatening to kill people, shooting her with a Taser on Wednesday, sources said. The encounter started with...
Bipolar man arrested after attempted 'suicide by cop' A bipolar man suspected of attempting suicide by cop was arrested and charged Thursday, one day after he was shot by police officers in an early-morning confrontation in Canarsie. Davonte...
Bipolar college student missing during NYC visit A 25-year-old Boston University student with bipolar disorder who was visiting the Big Apple has been missing for at least a week, his concerned family said. Zac Camhi was last...
A manic episode led me to strip naked in Times Square Krit McClean made headlines in late June by stripping naked in Times Square and jumping from the top of the TKTS booth. Here, the 21-year-old fashion model and college student...
Robert Kuefler of White Bear Lake, Minn., tried to discourage visitors, according to prosecutors.
It was likely because he kept the decaying bodies of his mother and twin brother inside his house for about a year, they said.
This week Kuefler was charged with interference with a dead body or scene of death because he neglected to tell authorities that his family members died of natural causes, the St. Paul Pioneer Press reported.
White Bear Lake man charged after long dead bodies of mother, brother found in his home https://t.co/uoEiUgJiSh pic.twitter.com/drXFDMI9WW — Star Tribune (@StarTribune) October 6, 2017
The Pioneer-Press gave Kuefler's age as 60, while the Minneapolis Star-Tribune listed it as 59.
Before the bodies were found in September 2016, prosecutors said, Kuefler took several steps to prevent relatives and others from stopping by or making inquiries, the newspaper reported:
He sent out a Christmas card saying his mother and brother were still alive but were having health problems.
He wrote that his mother didn't want people to visit the home.
He told people that neither his mother nor his brother could hear the phone ring.
Police say Kuefler told them his mother, Evelyn Kuefler, died in August 2015 and his brother, Richard Kuefler, died in July 2015.
But he couldn't bring himself to bury them, so he kept them in the house.
At one point, he moved his brother's body into the bathroom because it was “in the way,” the Pioneer-Press reported.
The complaint says his mother's body was decayed and skeletal and his brother's body was “mummified.”
Kuefler was previously arrested last year on suspicion of exploitation of a vulnerable adult, but apparently there wasn't enough evidence to support the charge, the Star-Tribune reported.
The Associated Press contributed to this story.
Operational paralysis – failure to align IT with the business strategy -- can lead to a CIO's demise. Sensing that, some IT executives have opted to disrupt the way they run their departments.
To adapt to an increasingly digital world, CIOs are changing the way they run their IT organizations, spurring adoption of agile and DevOps programming and multithreaded operating models and creating software to automate tasks. CIOs are instituting startup-like operating models in which their software engineers experiment with emerging technologies, says Bill Briggs, CTO and managing director of Deloitte Consulting.
"We're in a moment now of [asking], how do you reinvent what it means to deliver technology?" Briggs tells CIO.com. "Technology is at the heart of business strategy and at the heart of next-generation products and services, customer engagement and how work gets done."
CEOs and their corporate boards expect to harness technology to search for new pockets of growth. As a result, CIOs must adopt a broader strategy called "unbounded IT," says Briggs, who described the approach in Deloitte's 8th Tech Trends report, published last week.
Unbounded IT essentially means breaking down the bureaucratic silos between IT and business. Where the business once threw project requirements over the proverbial wall to IT, CIOs now instruct their developers to work closely with business stakeholders to write, test and ship code at a far crisper clip. While this agile practice is paying dividends, some companies are seeking even faster software delivery by turning to DevOps, in which developers and IT tap automation tools to continuously test and deploy code.
Different operating models require change
Unbounded IT, for some companies, means establishing different working groups and models within IT.
Ford Ford Motor CIO Marcy Klevorn.
For example, Ford Motor CIO Marcy Klevorn has turned to bimodal IT, consisting of two primary operating models. The core development team focuses on risk-intensive areas such as design and manufacturing while a separate development squad targets emerging technologies, including its FordPass mobile application and connected and self-driving cars -- areas for which there is a greater appetite for risk. "We encouraged them to take risks, fail in the process and move on quickly to the next idea," Klevorn told Deloitte.
The team, which has embraced an agile development methodology, meets with senior leaders daily to work through problems. Ford's entire IT department, including teams for both core and emerging development, also meet weekly for four hours to brainstorm and discuss challenges. Klevorn says the increased communications and transparency has accelerated the department's transformation.
For many CIOs operating in the digital era, the need to meet customer demands is paramount. But many CIOs also realize that before their organizations can serve customers they must empower employees with premium tools. Borrowing a page from Apple's Genius Bar playbook, Salesforce.com CIO Ross Meyercord instituted Tech Force teams in the SaaS software vendor's break rooms. Employees needing technical help can approach the Tech Force staffers to troubleshoot computer, phone or other issues. They get face-to-face with IT staff, rather than filing impersonal help-desk tickets from their desks.
Salesforce.com Salesforce.com CIO Ross Meyercord.
Meyercord also created a self-service search tool, called Concierge, to field thousands of questions a day from employees about human resources, payroll, Salesforce.com facilities and other services. "As a result, IT case deflection has increased 24 percent and overall cost of service has decreased," wrote Meyercord in a brief published in the Deloitte report.
Robots that watch and learn
While automation is causing some consternation among economists, CIOs are leveraging artificial intelligence to gain operational efficiencies. In 2015, Mike Brady, CTO for American International Group, deployed “virtual engineers,” codenamed ARIES, to help resolve network incidents. Leveraging machine learning, the co-bots operated alongside humans for 90 days, assessing outages, and determining probable causes and responses. Within six months of deployment, ARIES resolved more than 60 percent of outages.
The results forced AIG leaders to consider using co-bots to augment business operations, Brady said. “We want business to use machine learning instead of requesting more resources,” Brady says.
American International Group Mike Brady, CTO for American International Group.
Unbounded IT and startup culture extend to healthcare organizations such as St. Luke's Healthcare Systems, which includes 10 hospitals in Kansas City, Mo. In true bimodal fashion, CIO Debe Gash is splitting her IT projects into two categories: run-the-business efforts and transformational activities.
The former includes maintaining the organization's billing and other operational systems while the latter includes activities such as upgrading the company's electronic health record system and creating a mobile platform that allows patients to manage their medical appointments, order food within the hospital and engage in remote "telehealth" consultations with physicians. The idea, Gash says, is to treat the patient more like a customer whom the healthcare system is trying to surprise and delight.
"It has really pushed us to focus on the services that IT offers and delivering those as efficiently as we can and then focus on driving value on the investments the organization is making," Gash tells CIO.com. "We think the value will come through the transformation work that we are doing."
Unbounded IT also means great changes to technology and vendor sourcing, says Briggs. Where CIOs once primarily purchased packaged software many have become "cloud brokers," picking new collaboration, security and other applications to rent from vendors. This is forcing CIOs to become much more selective about their sourcing strategies to make sure that the various SaaS apps can communicate with each other.
“It's not about chasing every shiny new object; it's about translating the raw potential of emerging technology into a focused set of priorities with measurable, tangible business impact," Briggs says.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
A defensive lineman for the Seattle Seahawks was arrested for disorderly conduct after allegedly throwing a “tantrum” at a nightclub outside Atlanta, where police said he flipped out in a dispute over $600.
Malik McDowell, who has yet to play this season after suffering a concussion during an ATV accident in July, got into an argument at about 2:30 a.m. Sunday outside of SL Lounge in Chamblee, where the rookie allegedly cursed out bouncers while claiming someone stole his money, according to an arrest report obtained by the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
“I want my [expletive] money,” McDowell said. “I paid for my car to be parked and a [expletive] section.”
The club's head of security told McDowell, however, that he hadn't paid yet, that money was only accepted inside the club. McDowell and a friend were allowed back into the hotspot but were then asked to leave after he allegedly dumped two bottles of booze into a bucket of ice delivered to him by club employees.
McDowell continued yelling at officers outside the club, where cops struggled with the 6-foot-6, second-round draft pick from Michigan State, USA Today reported.
“I repeatedly had to give him instructions and at one point he threw himself down on the ground in a tantrum,” one responding officer wrote in the report. “He immediately accused me of stealing money from him, while I began to search his person, before placing him inside my vehicle, as we are trained to do. I tried to reason with him but to no avail.”
Both McDowell and his friend, identified by the Journal-Constitution as Kevin Epps, were later arrested on charges of disorderly conduct before being released on $325 bond.
A Seahawks spokesman said the team had no comment on Sunday because it was just learning of the incident, the Seattle Times reported. Coach Pete Carroll said last month that the 35th-overall pick in April's draft won't play this season because of the injuries.
McDowell, meanwhile, “liked” a report of his arrest by TMZ on his Twitter account, where he first acknowledged his injury to his more than 9,000 followers back in July. Sunday's acknowledgement of TMZ's coverage, however, prompted some heated replies to McDowell, including one that questioned whether he'd ever play a down in the NFL.
“Sure hope your account is hacked @MSU_LEEK4 for liking this post,” one reply read. “Ain't nothing to like about it.”
Humans have suffered from migraines for millennia. Yet, despite decades of research, there isn't a drug on the market today that prevents them by targeting the underlying cause. All of that could change in a few months when the FDA is expected to announce its decision about new therapies that have the potential to turn migraine treatment on its head.
The new therapies are based on research begun in the 1980s showing that people in the throes of a migraine attack have high levels of a protein called calcitonin gene–related peptide (CGRP) in their blood.
Step by step, researchers tracked and studied this neurochemical's effects. They found that injecting the peptide into the blood of people prone to migraines triggers migraine-like headaches, whereas people not prone to migraines experienced, at most, mild pain. Blocking transmission of CGRP in mice appeared to prevent migraine-like symptoms. And so a few companies started developing a pill that might do the same in humans.
Clinical trials of the first pills were effective against migraine but halted in 2011 over concerns about potential liver damage. So, four pharmaceutical companies rejiggered their approach. To bypass the liver, all four instead looked to an injectable therapy called monoclonal antibodies — tiny immune molecules most commonly used to treat cancer. Not only do these bypass the liver to block CGRP, but one injection appears to be effective for up to three months with almost no noticeable side effects.
Two manufacturers, Amgen (in collaboration with Novartis) and Teva Pharmaceuticals, have completed clinical trials and expect to hear from the FDA by June whether the therapies have been approved. Two more companies, Eli Lilly and Alder Biopharmaceuticals, plan to file for FDA approval later this year.
Current treatments don't always work
It's been a long time coming. Right now, the only available preventive treatments are accidental discoveries: A number of people prescribed medications for depression, high blood pressure and epilepsy discovered migraine relief, too. Now, many of those drugs, including propranolol and topiramate, have been tested and approved for migraine. But no one drug works for everyone, and side effects can prove intolerable or downright unpleasant.
Migraines are throbbing, one-sided headaches that can be accompanied by nausea as well as sensitivity to light, sound, smell, and movement. At their best, the headaches are an annoyance. At their worst, they can be completely debilitating. So for those of us who get numerous migraines each month, the prospect of a new approach feels almost life-changing.
According to one recent survey by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, about 10 percent of men and 20 percent of women in the U.S. reported having had a migraine in the last three months. And up to two percent of all Americans has at least 15 migraine days every single month. The toll such pain can take on health, morale, and productivity is substantial.
My own migraines started when I was 13. They struck a few times a week and I thought they were normal headaches. For a while, I tried the usual over the counter pain relievers but, one by one, they stopped working. By age 25, I started to wonder if there was something seriously wrong with my head. My general practitioner diagnosed me with migraines, gave me my first preventive medication — an antidepressant — then sent me to see a specialist.
Since that day more than 17 years ago, I have tried six preventive prescription medications. Not one helped. I alternated among four different, neurologist-recommended supplements, all to no avail. I received bi-monthly injections of magnesium and participated in one of the first clinical trials of Botox. And while Botox seemed to decrease my migraines by one or two per month, it wasn't enough to bother fighting about it with a new insurance company. I exercised regularly. I experimented with an elimination diet that left me eating nothing but broccoli and white rice, but still the migraines came. I averaged about 15 to 20 each month.
Still, I considered myself lucky. The headaches almost never came with nausea, and I had medications that typically ousted them within an hour or two. All told, I usually lost only a few hours of productivity a week.
When I grew older and had two children, my body changed and my migraines changed, too. I get them less frequently now, but when they come, they can stick around for a few days or even a week. Abortive medications still work, except when they don't. So when I heard about a new approach that was making its way through a number of pharmaceutical company pipelines, I began combing through the national clinical trials database to find a trial near me. I found one about 80 miles away, which didn't seem too far a trek considering the tantalizing reward of a migraine-free life. I made an appointment.
Clinical trials seem promising
David Dodick, a neurologist at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix, Ariz., has been involved in multiple clinical trials with each of the four anti-CGRP antibody treatments in development. And, he admits, he's optimistic. He has good reason to be: Each of the therapies decreases migraine frequency by at least one to two days per month. "In a field where, over time, the progress and pace of research in understanding the underlying biology and mechanism of disease has been slow, this was very exciting," he says.
Because migraines are not life-threatening, most drugs have to pass a pretty high bar to be approved. And so far, patients on the experimental treatments report limited side effects that consist mostly of pain at the injection site. Unlike the current preventive medications, there is no nausea, no fuzzy thinking, no nerve pain, no weight loss or gain. And instead of remembering to take a daily pill, there is just a once-monthly injection.
Neurologists already have patients eager to test these therapies, especially when everything else they've tried hasn't worked. "There's a big hole to fill, both in prevention and acute therapies," says Alexander Mauskop, director of the New York Headache Center in New York City. (Full disclosure: He's my former neurologist.) "If I have someone who's really suffering and can't find a solution, I tell them that in June I might have something new for them to try." Right now, he says, he has a list of about two dozen such patients.
High price tag
Even if the new therapies are approved, however, patients may still have to jump through a number of hoops to get them. Biologic therapies like these are expensive, and treatment could reportedly range anywhere from $8,000 to $18,000 a year. At that price, Mauskop and other neurologists expect insurance companies to require patients to have tried just about everything else first.
The other hitch at this stage is a lack of long-term safety data. "If someone is well-controlled with Botox or another drug, I'd not suggest they switch," Mauskop says. "With Vioxx, it took 10 years before they discovered that it increased the risk of heart problems."
Side effects are a potential concern. Elizabeth Loder, chief of headache at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, points out that because CGRP constricts blood vessels, there may be potential long-term effects on blood pressure or other cardiovascular function. In women of childbearing age, who are the ones most prone to frequent migraines, "you can imagine that might have effects on fertility or placental function."
Right now, the longest patients have been on one of these new therapies is one to two years.
I ask Mauskop whether he'd recommend I enroll in a clinical trial, given my failure to respond to most everything else. He pauses, noting that he's no longer my neurologist and that he can't really give me any suggestions. But then he says that, since I'd previously shown some response to Botox, perhaps I might want to give it another try. I think about my two young children and my risk tolerance. Perhaps in ten years I'll feel differently. For now, however, I pick up the phone and cancel my clinical trial appointment.
Lauren Gravitz is a science writer and editor in Hershey, Penn. Her work has appeared in Nature, The Economist, Aeon, Discover, The Oprah Magazine, and more. Find her at www.laurengravitz.com and @lyrebard.
Last week we discussed the new Project Scorpio Xbox refresh, and what the enhanced gaming capabilities can do in terms of 4K and VR support. Now we've got some new information on what the developer kit hardware can do, but signs are mounting that VR capabilities may not be baked natively into the platform.
A story by Gamasutra discusses details of the new hardware and how the dev units differ from the mainstream product. While the consumer version of the console has 40 CUs (2,560 GPU cores total), the developer variant will have 44 CUs, for a total of 2,816 GPU cores. The base clock speed is also the same, at 1172MHz for the GPU and 2.3GHz for the custom CPU.
These stats give developers a little more horsepower to work with, which can be important when testing various ideas to determine which approaches to a scene yield the best results. “At a high level, it's much easier for a game developer to come in higher and tune down, than come in lower and tune up. Or nail it. That just rarely happens,” said Gammill, by way of explaining why the Scorpio dev kit is a bit beefier than its retail counterpart. “Our overarching design principle was to make it easy for devs to hit our goals: 4K, 4K textures, rock-steady frame rates, HDR, wide color gamut, and spatial audio.”
Gammill also stated that Project Scorpio would increase coherent bandwidth between the CPU and GPU. In theory, this should make it easier for developers to offload workloads between the two components or take advantage of HSA capabilities. The original Xbox One isn't thought to have put as much emphasis on HSA as the PS4 did, but Xbox Scorpio could change that, too.
FreeSync support baked in?
One particularly interesting tidbit from Gamasutra is that Project Scorpio will support variable refresh rate technology (aka, FreeSync / G-Sync). This is a capability that's been added to the DisplayPort standard; the HDMI 2.1 standard is expected to include the technology as well. Microsoft wants to enable the feature on supported monitors, while working with TV manufacturers to convince them to add it as well.
“This is new technology we expect to see coming to displays over the coming years,” said Jason Ronald, head of the Xbox Advanced Technology Group. “We want to make sure Scorpio is set up to take advantage of it when it comes out.”
This could be a huge step forward for FreeSync and gaming in general. Technologies like FreeSync are most useful when frame rates are relatively low (think 25 to 40fps). FreeSync and G-Sync both eliminate the refresh rate ‘stutter' you sometimes see in games, and it works best when the gap between frames is relatively long. If your game is running at a rock-solid 60fps with a 60Hz refresh rate, you won't see nearly as much advantage to enabling FreeSync as you would if your system was running 30fps and a 30Hz refresh rate. More information on these technologies and a discussion of how they work can be found here.
What about VR?
The elephant in the room no one seems to want to talk about much is virtual reality support. Comments from Microsoft over the past few days point towards MS keeping this capability — but they sure aren't emphasizing it, while they've been comparatively willing to talk up 4K, game performance, and compatibility.
Phil Spencer has noted that VR developers will not have to sign exclusivity agreements and that he's opposed to requiring game devs to decide which platforms they're going to support. This jives with some of what we've heard about Windows 10 and Microsoft's own desire to make VR cheaper and more accessible to larger numbers of people. Of course, these VR applications and capabilities can only tie to the hooks built into Windows 10 if the app in question is a Universal Windows app. This won't matter for Xbox gamers, but given the abysmal quality of Universal games thus far, I won't hold my breath waiting for PC players to thank MS for the privilege.
When we covered Scorpio late last week, we noted that there are no HDMI ports for dedicated VR-out. Some people speculated that these ports might be on the front of the unit, but if they are the Scorpio dev kits don't have them.
It looks as if Microsoft must be planning one of two things. Either:
1). You're going to have to disconnect the HDMI output from the Xbox to your television every single time you want to play in VR;
or
2). MS will use some kind of breakout box to provide the capability, similar to how Sony uses that solution for the PS4 and PS4 Pro.
Between the two, the second makes far more sense than the first. MS may simply not wish to keep any but essential functions baked into the primary console, and a breakout box might let them add some additional capabilities, like the way the PS4 can simultaneously display VR content on a second TV while you play. We should learn much about Scorpio by E3, when MS is expected to focus its presentation on the new hardware platform. Stay tuned.
Now read: The best free games on the Xbox One
0:45
Car rams into crowd at 'Unite the Right' rally in Charlottesville, Va.
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
3:13
Emmy-winning “American Crime” co-star Regina King has re-teamed with series creator John Ridley – (yes, that John Ridley, the one who doesn't feel black women had or have a voice in the civil rights movement or the modern day black struggle, for that matter) – on a new project titled, “.”
For a bit of insight, read this article that Ridley penned a few years ago for Esquire to understand his disturbing mentally towards black people. And if that's not enough, read EUR's latest entry in which he defends his decision to shade black women because he doesn't date them. Dude is seriously mentally ill.
Meanwhile, King's new drama centers on the Atlanta child murders, which has been set up at FX. King is set to star in the project as well as co-produce. The series is based on Kim Reid's memoir “No Place Safe,” and inspired by her life story. ABC Signature Studios is producing, per Deadline.
Wendy Calhoun (Empire) is adapting the book, and will also serve as an executive producer with Ridley and fellow “American Crime” EP Michael McDonald, as well as Reina King and Regina King.
The Atlanta child murders occurred in Atlanta, GA from mid-1979 until May 1980. At least 28 black children, adolescents and young adults – mainly boys- were killed. ATL native Wayne Williams was arrested and convicted of two of the adult murders and sentenced to two consecutive life terms.
King's series is part of an overall deal the actress recently inked with ABC Studios for her production company Royal Ties. King's sister, Reina, serves as the company's development executive.
Ridley is a frequent collaborator with McDonald. The duo executive produces Ridley's upcoming limited series for Showtime/Sky Atlantic “Guerilla,” exec produced/co-starring Idris Elba. The film centers on an Indian woman who risked life and limb to defend black males.
SOURCE: EURweb.com
Article Courtesy of EURweb
Picture Courtesy of Maarten de Boer and Getty Images
The father of a Long Island medical-school student who was killed in a 2011 car accident handed out the first scholarship named for his son at a graduation ceremony on...
Project info
I like to think I am creating a visual diary of life through my eyes. I've never been very good with words, but through photography I am able to express myself. Nothing is staged, just life as I know it.
DETROIT (AP) Aaron Rodgers danced all over the Ford Field turf, avoiding sacks, keeping plays alive and eventually lifting Green Bay to the NFC North title.
The Packers' quarterback certainly looks healthy, and there wasn't much the Detroit Lions could do to stop him.
Rodgers threw for 300 yards and four touchdowns, and Green Bay beat the Lions 31-24 on Sunday night to edge Detroit by one game for the division. The Packers finished the regular season on a six-game winning streak, and Rodgers threw for 18 touchdowns with no interceptions in the final seven games.
Detroit is also headed to the playoffs as a wild card.
When his team was 4-6, Rodgers said he thought Green Bay could “run the table” – and the Packers did just that for the rest of the regular season.
”That's what you have to do sometimes as a leader. You have to exude confidence even in a situation where it seems to the outside world that confidence shouldn't exist, and that's kind of what I did,” Rodgers said. ”I believe in myself and my abilities, but I also believe in this team.”
Rodgers finished the regular season with 4,428 yards passing, with 40 touchdowns and seven interceptions. He's dealt with a sore right calf but showed no ill effects while smoothly eluding Detroit's pass rush all night.
Green Bay (10-6) will open the playoffs at home against the New York Giants next Sunday, and Detroit (9-7) plays at Seattle on Saturday.
The Lions were trying to win their first division title since 1993 but came up short, losing their final three games and settling for a wild card.
”Obviously, guys don't like to lose. They're competitors,” Detroit coach Jim Caldwell said. ”But the fact of the matter is though that we have an opportunity. When you look at the alternative, this is 1,000 times better than that.”
Here are a few things we learned from the final game of the NFL regular season:
ON A ROLL
Green Bay's offense is operating at a very high level. The Packers have scored at least 30 points in four straight games, and they finished with 448 yards and 28 first downs against the Lions. From the second quarter on, it seemed like penalties were the only real obstacle for Green Bay.
A STEP BELOW
The Lions could end up beating Seattle for their first postseason win in 25 years, but it would be an upset. Detroit is the lowest-seeded team in the NFC playoffs and hasn't measured up against the league's best. The Lions are 0-5 against other teams that are headed to the postseason.
RUNNING THREATS
The Lions and Packers lean on their passing, but there were some hints of more balance Sunday. Detroit's Zach Zenner ran for 69 yards and a touchdown, and Green Bay's Aaron Ripkowski had 61 yards on only nine carries. The Packers rushed for 153 yards as a team.
SWOON
For a second straight game, Detroit fell flat in the second half. Against Dallas, the Lions were tied 21-all at halftime before losing 42-21. Then Detroit led Green Bay 14-10 after two quarters before the Packers scored 21 of the game's next 24 points.
SCARY MOMENT
Green Bay cornerback Quinten Rollins was carted off with a neck injury in the second half after tumbling out of bounds on the Detroit sideline. The Packers said he was conscious with movement and was being evaluated at the hospital.
”He was communicating and everything – looked positive before he left the field,” coach Mike McCarthy said. ”I think with that, our players had confidence that he was going to be OK.”
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL .
—
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
When it comes to applying make-up, there's one step a lot of people overlook: washing make-up brushes.
When it comes to applying make-up, there's one step a lot of people overlook: washing make-up brushes.
The importance of washing your make-up brushes and how to do so
The importance of washing your make-up brushes and how to do so
The Ohio Legislature passed a law in 2016 making medical marijuana legal, under a number of restrictions.Two years later, the program is supposed to be fully operational by September 2018. With just a few months left to go, we wanted to know if the drug is dangerous or beneficial. It seems there are still a lot of unknowns.
The Ohio Legislature passed a law in 2016 making medical marijuana legal, under a number of restrictions.Two years later, the program is supposed to be fully operational by September 2018. With just a few months left to go, we wanted to know if the drug is dangerous or beneficial. It seems there are still a lot of unknowns.
The airstrikes during the civil war burdening Syria seems like an issue that exists thousands of miles away for most. On the seventh anniversary of the blood shedding war, a local family living in Sylvania reminds us, it is a closer issue than we think.
The airstrikes during the civil war burdening Syria seems like an issue that exists thousands of miles away for most. On the seventh anniversary of the blood shedding war, a local family living in Sylvania reminds us, it is a closer issue than we think.
After spending a majority of her life in the hospital, she will now be spending her time on stage competing in the Baby Miss American U.S.A. Patriot Pageant in Cincinnati on April 27.
After spending a majority of her life in the hospital, she will now be spending her time on stage competing in the Baby Miss American U.S.A. Patriot Pageant in Cincinnati on April 27.
Being an official is not easy. With all the booing and yelling from fans, you've got to have tough skin. And chances are, you've heard or even contributed to chaos in the stands.
Being an official is not easy. With all the booing and yelling from fans, you've got to have tough skin. And chances are, you've heard or even contributed to chaos in the stands.
Being an official is not easy. With all the booing and yelling from fans, you've got to have tough skin.
And chances are, you've heard or even contributed to chaos in the stands. It's something officials, like Jamie Clay, have noticed becoming all too common.
“I think nowadays you'll see a lot more interaction, especially with fans that assume that because they bought a ticket, for instance, they're allowed to say whatever they want, they can do whatever they want,” Clay said.
And for local athletic directors like Whitmer's Tom Snook, it's a challenge year-after-year to address and enforce.
“I tell people all the time, they're helping us out, we need to treat them with respect, and we also need to show our sportsmanship to them,” Snook said.
For Clay, who's been officiating for 28 years, the goal is to always be consistent and encourage sportsmanship from the beginning.
“A lot of it's preventative officiating from our part, so if we can step in a situation before something happens that's going to prevent a lot of things
from happening later on down the line,” he said. “Obviously, we're going to miss some things, we can't see everything, but if we're consistent on both ends of the floor and the coaches know that, and the players see that, they know what they can and can't do, and games run very smooth.”
Over the years, Clay's received threats at games, but it hasn't deterred him from working to better the game.
“I understand that people are passionate about sports, but I think they don't understand from our perspective, we're not there to make money, and we're not there picking and choosing sides,” Clay said. “I mean, I want to be there, and I hope no one even notices me, that's the best compliment I can have. So, if people don't know I'm there and the game runs smoothly, that's great.”
Some fans though, don't see it that way.
While officials state-wide have seen first-hand just how heated fans can get, the question is, are you, the fan, conscious of this behavior?
In an online survey of more than 150 local high school students, 68 percent said they think about it. The remainder was split, 16 percent said they don't think about it, while the other 16 percent said, they're conscious of their behavior, but don't care how they treat officials.
In that same survey, when it comes to an interest in officiating, 49 percent say they are interested, 51 percent saying the opposite.
So, with responses like that, why is it a struggle to get new, younger officials?
“It's a lot of work for very little pay, and if you see how people are treated sometimes, I wonder why they come back,” Snook said.
“I think at the lower levels is when I think you have more problems with parents and fans,” Clay said. “So, most of our young officials, that is where they are officiating and that's where you see a lot of the problems. You'll have fans that take it to the extreme. And when officials see that and do that every day, three or four times a week, they get frustrated.”
For Clay, who's in his 28th season of officiating, he said it wasn't until his sixth year that he got a varsity game. It's a process new officials aren't sticking around for.
“You'll have a lot of younger guys now that want to get in right away and they think they're ready to do varsity games and they're truly not,” he said. “Now some are, but sometimes they'll get put into those situations and they can't handle it and then again, they get discouraged and they give up officiating.”
With two new sanctioned sports added last year, the OHSAA saw a slight rise in officials from 2016 to 2017. But even with the rise, if you look at the overall numbers for the last seven years, the OHSAA has seen a decline of just over 1,400 officials.
According to Snook, they aim to have their schedules planned a year if not two years in advance. But if the decline in officials continues, make-up games and possibly even the length of a season could be in jeopardy.
“It's going to limit your flexibility of scheduling based on availability of officials,” Snook said. “And I think that's what you're going to see is dates starting to be eliminated from scheduling and you could end up no getting some events in because there's no more officials for the dates you need to get everybody in.”
Another possibility could be eliminating freshman and JV teams and having only varsity. Or, you'll have the same officials officiate two games in one night which is something that could make games even more intense for officials.
“You may find that you don't have enough officials where maybe the varsity officials have to do the JV and varsity, which is a frustrating thing because
if something happens in the JV game and now you have to stick around and do the varsity game, what might happen,” Clay said.
Another option would be to lessen the amount of officials in each game. So instead of three basketball officials, you're only having two.
“If that happens, again, the quality of the game goes down because you can't see the entire field or court, so hopefully that doesn't happen,” Clay said.
In the online survey, 51 percent rank the quality and consistency of officials and their calls at average. So, if this option were to happen, it could lead to even more frustrated fans.
In an effort to find new officials, some schools are getting creative.
“I know there are some schools in the state of Ohio and I know there are some officials that teach in those schools that have started officiating classes in school,” Clay said. “Those students will either referee physical education games or after school games and things like that, get their license and then they are eligible to go out and referee. And that gets a lot of younger kids to get some sort of credit in school, and also encourage those young kids to get into officiating.”
While some officials are stepping away from the game, Clay still finds it rewarding.
“I think the rewards are out there,” he said. “We don't do it for the money, we're doing it to better the game.”
Anyone interested in being an official, can information from the OHSAA here.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Canada's uninsured mortgage market reached an eight-year high in January as government steps to reduce taxpayer exposure to the housing market gain traction, according to data from the country's banking regulator.
Mortgages that don't require homeowner insurance surged 19 percent from a year ago, accounting for about 53 percent of the C$1.13 trillion ($864 billion) of home loans at Canada's federally regulated banks, data from the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions show. Insured home loans fell 6.5 percent from a year ago.
Uninsured mortgages have taken an increasing share of the nation's housing loans since 2012 as the government moved to reduce the chances of the kind of taxpayer-funded bank bailouts that happened after the U.S. housing crash a decade ago.
Mortgage Market Shifts Uninsured mortgages now represent around 53% of all mortgages in Canada Source: Bloomberg Calculations on OSFI collected data
Still, the slowdown of residential mortgage volumes continues, with banks posting a 5.3 percent increase from January 2017, down from a recent high of 6.6 percent in May, the data show. The trend reflects the sentiments of executives of Canada's Big Six banks, who commented on a cooling mortgage market in recent weeks after reporting earnings results for the first quarter.
“The slowdown in mortgage growth has been evident since the middle of last year, reflecting the impact of prior policy measures, as well as three interest rate hikes by the Bank of Canada," DBRS Ltd. said in a March 19 note.
In January, OSFI made it more difficult for those with more than a 20 percent down payment to qualify for loans. The measures, known as B-20 guidelines, require borrowers to qualify at the greatest of the Bank of Canada's five-year benchmark rate or 2 percentage points higher than the offered mortgage rate. Prospective borrowers have increasingly been turning to alternative lenders to qualify.
"With new mortgage rules taking effect on January 1, home sales have showcased two straight months of declines," Barclays Plc analyst John Aiken said in a March 16 note to clients. “While stronger home sales at the end of 2017 could still buoy mortgage growth in the second quarter, we anticipate new mortgage origination volume could be tested in the back half of the year."
Emphasizing that “one death is too many,” Malacañang on Saturday called on individuals who can provide information and evidence on the deaths linked to illegal drugs in order to resolve these cases and hold perpetrators accountable.
“Regardless of this definition, these deaths are being addressed to ensure the accountability of perpetrators, even as it calls upon witnesses and individuals who can provide valuable evidence that will lead to speedy resolution of cases,” Presidential Spokesperson Ernesto Abella said in a statement.
Abella issued the statement a day after the Philippine National Police (PNP) had said that there was no case of extrajudicial killing (EJK) under the Duterte administration, which was quickly disputed by people on social media.
ADVERTISEMENT
He said the PNP's definition of EJK was based on the operational guidelines of the Department of Justice's (DOJ) Administrative Order No. 35, which states that an EJK is where “the victim was a member of, or affiliated with an organization, to include political, environmental, agrarian, labor, or similar causes; or an advocate of above-named causes; or a media practitioner or person(s) apparently mistaken or identified to be so.”
The order, issued by then Justice Secretary Leila de Lima, also defines EJK as “the victim targeted and killed because of the actual or perceived membership, advocacy, or profession; or the person/s responsible for the killing is a state agent or non-state agent; and the method and circumstances of attack reveal a deliberate intent to kill.”
“AO 35 has not been repealed or revoked; thus, the definition of EJK remains the same,” Abella said.
Thousands of suspected drug criminals have been killed since the government's implementation of a massive campaign against illegal drugs more than a year ago.
The crackdown has drawn condemnation from the public, as well the international community.
Last week, 39 countries, including long-time Philippine allies United States, United Kingdom and Australia, issued a joint resolution before the United Nations Human Rights Council, raising alarm over the increasing number of killings linked to the government's war on drugs. /jpv
RELATED STORY
6 of 10 Filipinos believe some drug suspects were killed by cops after surrendering
This model's 6-month baby bump is still a 6-pack Despite having a body that most would envy, fitness model Sarah Stage is no stranger to people criticizing her physique. Back in 2015, during her first pregnancy with son James,...
Navy dad welcomed home with wife's surprise baby bump The moment an expectant wife surprised her returning Navy husband with news of their latest addition has gone viral on Facebook. Chris Daugherty, who was returning from deployment aboard the...
Halle Berry is not pregnant, says rep She ignited a firestorm of pregnancy chatter when she showed off what appeared to be a baby bump this weekend.
Beyoncé flaunts baby bump in new Oscars photos The mother-to-be, 35, shared a new set of photos from the Oscars on her website, showing off her baby bump in a skin-tight green dress.
Zooey Deschanel shows off baby bump Deschanel and husband Jacob Pechenik have a daughter named Elsie Otter.
Behati Prinsloo bares her bump in a bikini The Victoria's Secret Angel is expecting a baby girl with Adam Levine.
Blake Lively's maternity style makes us want to get pregnant Blake Lively takes her clothing seriously, with outfit changes up to 4 times per day.
Forcing New Yorkers to choose between rooting for the New England Patriots or the Philadelphia Eagles is like making us choose between a sewer rat and a super rat. There's no real winner.
But, despite less-than-stellar seasons from our hometown Giants and Jets, local football fans still enjoy getting together with pals to watch the Super Bowl. Here are some new, elaborate, high-octane or highly unusual spots to watch the big game this year.
A feel for Philly
A Philadelphia expat decided this city needed authentic cheesesteaks, pretzels and “garbage bread” — so he opened Wogie's in the West Village. Is it going to be crazy on Sunday? “If they win, yes,” says bartender Aaron James. “If they lose, yes.” Reservations for tables; limited walk-ins welcome when the bar opens at 3 p.m. $50 (includes two beers and a shirt). 39 Greenwich Ave.; Wogies.com
Standing Pat
Professor Thom's, the East Village Boston-sports mecca, is set to party, with New England beers on tap and Pats memorabilia on the walls. Co-owner Chris Byron even sports a fresh tattoo, a version of the old Patriots logo on his arm. “We'll have a line down the block,” Byron says of his bar, which opens at 10 a.m. to accommodate those who didn't book VIP seats in advance. Expect drink giveaways, T-shirts, prizes and more. $20 before 3 p.m., $30 after. 219 Second Ave.; ProfessorThoms.com
Keep it cozy
The folks behind Littlefield, in Gowanus, opened nearby Parklife last year. Now the new bar is having its first Super Bowl party, starting at 5 p.m., with an outdoor fireplace to beat the chills and drinks and food from the in-house Taqueria el Atoradero. Free. 636 Degraw St., Brooklyn; ParkLifeBk.com
Guac 'n' roll
Treadwell Park Downtown, the Battery Park City iteration of the Upper East Side beer hall, opened in June with spacious tables, a dozen TVs, a fireplace, two projector screens, table tennis, foosball and pinball games. Game day specials include the Super Guacamole Bowl, hot dogs and “Team Pride” Jell-O shots, starting at 4 p.m. Free. 301 South End Ave.; TreadwellPark.com/Downtown
Bring on the crazy
Leave it to the House of Yes to give game day a new spin. The Bushwick performance space's third annual Totally Immersive Superb Owl Experience features the usual buckets of beer and hot wings, but gets weird with live cheerleaders and a bonkers halftime show complete with impersonators of Super Bowl performers past. $20. 2 Wyckoff Ave., Brooklyn; HouseOfYes.org
Get your game on
Fishbowl, the upscale gamecentric bar at Midtown's Dream hotel, offers all kinds of diversions. Along with Skee-Ball, minibowling and pinball, DJ Lohrasp Kansara will keep you moving before and after the game, starting at 5:30 p.m. $15. 210 W. 55th St.; FishbowlNYC.com
Let the dogs out!
Who needs the NFL when you've got puppies? Check out the action at the big Beagles vs. Chew England contest, along with that other big game, at Queens bar Q.E.D. at 6 p.m. There'll even be a trivia game, with prizes. Free. 27-16 23rd Ave, Astoria; QEDAstoria.com
A good bet​
Giant fans still licking their wounds might want to head to ​the ​Empire City​ Casino​, where fans will have a chance to meet and get autographs from legendary Giants quarterback Phil Simms​, who once won a Super Bowl.​ You can also get your fill with a $30 buffet with sliders, wings and dogs while watching the game on jumbo screens. ​5:30 p.m. at ​Dan Rooney's Sports Pub at Empire City, 810 Yonkers Ave.,​ Yonkers, NY; empirecitycasino.com​.​ Free.
Four students ran a "drug dealing factory" from "the dark web" and lived a lavish lifestyle, a court has heard.
The University of Manchester students traded drugs such as ecstasy on the now-closed Silk Road website.
They enjoyed a lifestyle "far above that of typical students" including holidays to Jamaica and the Bahamas, Manchester Crown Court was told.
Basil Assaf, 26, James Roden, 25, Elliott Hyams, 26, and Jaikishen Patel, 26, are being sentenced this week.
They are thought to have earned at least £812,000 from selling large quantities of controlled drugs ecstasy, 2CB, LSD and ketamine between May 2011 and October 2013.
'Fondness for champagne'
The prosecution said Assaf boasted of his fondness for Veuve Clicquot Rose champagne and having enough money to pay for his education and buy a flat. He is believed to have transferred his earnings using the virtual currency bitcoin.
Three of the gang - Assaf, Roden, and Hyams - were arrested on the same date the FBI seized the Silk Road servers and the US Government had seized the online marketplace.
All four admitted various counts of conspiracy to importing, exporting and supplying controlled drugs at earlier hearings.
A fifth defendant, Joshua Morgan, 28, has admitted assisted an offender in his paid role of packaging the drugs.
Day two of the three-day sentencing resumes on Tuesday.
If the RealDoll wasn't already threat enough to flesh-and-blood relationships, get ready for the faux lovers — designed to look hotter than any humans on the planet — to outthink us, as well as out-sex us.
The company that produces the $7,000-or-so fornication toys, made from silicon and painted by hand, is coming out with a high-tech app that gives its products artificial brains. The hope is that the new iteration of RealDolls will be able to establish emotional ties to their owners — and, in the not too distant future, have some robotic qualities as well.
It gets us one step closer to a real-world version of the film “Her” , in which Joaquin Phoenix's character falls in love with the Alexa-style software in his computer.
“They made a movie about what we are trying to do,” Matt McMullen, CEO of RealDoll fabricator Abyss Creations, tells the Post. “We just released the AI as an app on the phone to customize [the doll's] personality. Toward the end of the year, we will release the robotic counterpart.”
According to Digital Trends , the AI-wired head alone — slated for later this year, and available as an add-on to existing dolls — will go for around $10,000.
Not only will the sex bots ultimately be able to move their lips and bodies and speak in a variety of accents, but they will also possess the ability to learn. As explained on Techmine , RealDolls with artificial brains will be able to remember the “main events [in their owners' lives]” and “create a simulation of a compelling relationship.”
Eventually, the hope goes, these RealDolls will be able to hold up their end of a conversation. It's still a work in progress. As reported on Engadget , when asked its favorite sexual position, the brain-infused RealDoll mistakenly responded, “She's not that kind of girl” — but refinements are coming along. (Phew. Nobody wants a reserved old maid of an artificial sex surrogate.)
McMullen, who is married and does not have a RealDoll of his own, expects to see his creations become something more than merely sex objects. “A lot of people are focusing on the fact that it is a sex robot,” he says. “But it's more [oriented toward] companionship. We are trying to create an alternative for people who don't necessarily fit well into traditional relationships, people that struggle with social connections.”
Of course, a segment of that population might prefer for their RealDolls to refrain from doing too much in the way of thinking. No doubt, those slaves to silicon will stick with the pleasantly inarticulate models.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Alesha MacPhail was reported missing on Monday morning
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of six-year-old Alesha MacPhail.
The girl's body was found near Rothesay on the Isle of Bute on Monday, just hours after she was reported missing.
Detectives working on the case said they are still seeking further information from the public, especially anyone who was in the Ardbeg Road area where Alesha's body was found.
They have not released any further information about the arrested man.
Officers also declined to give his age.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Additional police officers were sent to the Isle of Bute to assist with the investigation
The detective leading the investigation described the arrest as a "major development".
Det Supt Stuart Houston said: "The response to our earlier public appeals has been significant.
"However, despite this evening's major development, I am still appealing for anyone who was in the Ardbeg Road area of Bute on Sunday night or in the early hours of Monday and who may have information about Alesha's death to contact us.
"Anyone who has CCTV at their home or business, or indeed any motorists with dashcam footage which might help with our investigation are also urged to get in touch."
The power -- and the impotence -- of social media United Airlines' travails this week are certainly a sign of the power of social media. But other news shows the stark limit of that power: Friday was the third anniversary...
21 girls returned -- now #BringBack the rest “As you can imagine, the parents were ecstatic. They were in tears. . . . A mother carried her [released] daughter on her back and held her wrapped around her back for...
Second kidnapped Nigerian girl rescued after more than 2 years ABUJA – A second girl who was among more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram in a raid on their school in the northeastern Nigerian town of Chibok more...
Girl kidnapped by Boko Haram found traumatized, with baby LAGOS, Nigeria — One of the teenagers kidnapped by Boko Haram extremists over two years ago from a school in northeastern Nigeria has been found with a baby and was...
Video appears to show kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls alive LAGOS, Nigeria — A schoolmate says she cried with joy when she saw a Boko Haram video appearing to show some of Nigeria's kidnapped Chibok girls, with images of tearful...
Boko Haram denies truce to release kidnapped schoolgirls MAIDUGURI, Nigeria — The leader of Nigeria's Islamic extremist group Boko Haram has denied agreeing to any cease-fire with the government and said more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls all have...
Boko Haram to release schoolgirls as part of truce The global campaign to free more than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls who were kidnapped and threatened with slavery appears to have been a success — with officials saying Friday their ­release...
Muslim terrorists are abducting schoolboys in Nigeria Suspected Islamist Boko Haram fighters have abducted dozens of boys and men in a raid on a remote village in northeast Nigeria, loading them onto trucks and driving them off,...
Nigerian president meets parents of kidnapped schoolgirls Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan on Tuesday finally met with the parents of 219 schoolgirls kidnapped by Islamic terrorists — but the meeting came too late for seven parents killed when the...
Uber Technologies Inc. increased the number of women working in technology roles by 2.5 percentage points in the past year, but the company still lags behind peers in Silicon Valley.
The San Francisco-based company began reporting diversity data last year after a widely circulated account of sexual harassment written by former software engineer Susan Fowler rocked the industry. In its second annual report, Uber said Tuesday that 18 percent of employees in the tech organization globally are women.
Apple Inc., Facebook Inc. and Google all report a higher share of women in technical roles. The average of their figures is 21 percent.
Uber's report, which reveals meager gains for women and minorities, is the first to be released since Dara Khosrowshahi took over as chief executive officer in September. He has preached a message of inclusion and diversity, but the data show that change to the demographics has been slow. Khosrowshahi has yet to recruit a female senior executive reporting to him. His new chiefs of operations and legal are both men, and he chose VMware Inc.'s Zane Rowe as his top candidate to run finance, Bloomberg reported last week.
“My focus at Uber isn't going to get a sugar high. It's to develop the great women we already have at Uber and to make them be great senior women at Uber,” Khosrowshahi said at a conference this month.
Overall, women represent 38 percent of employees at the ride-hailing company, up 1.9 percentage points from a year ago. In the U.S. and Canada, though, female representation actually decreased.
Like the rest of the tech industry, Uber is predominantly white and Asian. Together, those two groups represent 95 percent of executives and 81 percent of employees. Just 2.8 percent of Uber's U.S.-based executives are black. Khosrowshahi's first major hire was Tony West, a former Justice Department official and PepsiCo Inc. who is black.
In January, Uber named Bo Young Lee as chief diversity and inclusion officer. She reports to Liane Hornsey, the head of human resources. Lee recognizes there's a lot of work to do.
“I have every reason to believe that Uber can evolve, and colleagues will attest to how relentless I can be in my pursuit to transform organizations and hold leaders accountable,” Lee wrote in a blog post on LinkedIn last week. “I am stubborn, and I will not be satisfied until I know that I have made Uber a place where every person feels more validated, seen, valued and included.”
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Navicent Health has responded to the NAACP's claims that it lacks diversity on its executive board and other high ranking positions.
The hospital giant cited survey data from 2015 suggesting the opposite.
- Advertisement -
In a study that included a thousand hospitals across the nation, The Institute for Diversity in Health Management found that minorities represented 14 percent of hospital boards, 15 percent of executive leadership and 19 percent of first and mid-level managers.
Navicent reported in the statement that in 2017, minorities represented nearly 35% of Navicent Health's board members, 18% of its executive leadership and 25% of its first and mid-level managers.
“We believe this number exceeds the percentage of African-Americans in management positions in hospitals of our size and scope,” the statement reads in part.
Related Article: Dublin Woman One of the First to Receive New Pacemaker
Here's the full statement below.
DEAR JOAN: We have been the lucky owners of two giant schnauzers. We had Gus — the best dog ever — for 10 years before his mysterious death of something that got into his intestinal tract.
We had our excellent vet trying to save him for 10 days. Nothing showed up as a foreign object, and the vet ruled out poison. We lost him, and half of our hearts. Fortunately, we had his son, Hank.
Related Articles Who say dogs and cats can't be good friends
Where are the baby squirrels?
Valentine wishes to our pets
Newborn puppy found scalped and missing ears
Birds flying in formation are more impressive than you think Gus was the son of the regional grand champion in conformation and the nephew of the grand champion in agility; and Gus turned out to be the pick of the litter. We never intended to show him because we abhor cropping ears and other things. The breeder talked us into breeding him once to get his traits back into the line, and we kept one puppy, Hank.
Both dogs, being giant schnauzers, are very, very smart, and they both started their lives loving to travel with us. Gus went to work with me most days, curled up in the back seat dozing.
When he was about 5, he began to exhibit great anxiety in the car. He wanted to go, but seemed to suffer throughout the trip. We tried everything to make him comfortable, finally administering a tranquilizer before traveling, which still didn't completely calm him. He would climb between us and stare at the road ahead panting desperately.
Hank, like Gus, always loved to ride, even when Gus began to exhibit his anxiety. Now, Hank is 6, and he has begun the same anxious behavior while riding. Nothing really calms him. He, too, stares ahead as if he is seeing monsters.
Any suggestions?
Wanda R. Brice, Plano, Texas
DEAR WANDA: Puppies often suffer from motion sickness, and there's a chance that something changed in your dogs' inner ears or with their eyesight, making them feel ill or anxious.
To be on the safe side, take Hank to the vet for a thorough checkup to see if there is a physical reason for his actions. If he's OK, then you can begin work on desensitizing him. The symptoms you describe are classic signs of anxiety, so something must have happened to turn Gus and Hank off of car travel.
Start by walking Hank beside the car a few times each day, then open the doors and let him sniff inside but don't try to make him get in.
Next, begin giving Hank treats alongside the car, and when he seems comfortable with that, try putting some treats just inside the open door. After a few days of that, if all is going well, encourage him to get into the car. You can get in the backseat with some treats to entice him.
Only stay in the car for a few minutes, and let him get in and out on his own. That makes it his decision, rather than you forcing him. Just sit in the car talking to him and playing, letting him get comfortable in a parked car.
The next step will be starting the engine while he's inside the car. Leave the door open so he can get out if he wants. Continue this until he's willing to stay inside on his own. Once that's been accomplished, try closing the doors and driving a very short distance, perhaps just backing out of your driveway and back in.
Look to him for guidance. Slowly extend the length of the trip, always stopping and giving him treats and praise, before driving back.
It will take time and patience, but you should be able to make riding in the car a pleasant experience for him once again.
Police are searching for the culprits after a mobility scooter was allegedly thrown into the sea on Saturday night.
Officers are searching for four male youths who were seen in the area around the time of the incident who police believe can help with enquiries.
The incident happened near Battery Parade in Whitby at around 9pm.
A police spokesman said: "If you have any information in relation to this incident, please call us on 101 stating reference NYP-09122017-0459."
BATESVILLE, Miss. — A murder trial is set to begin in the death of a 19-year-old former high school cheerleader found set on fire nearly three years ago along a back road in Mississippi.
Twenty-nine-year-old Quinton Tellis has pleaded not guilty to a murder charge in the death of Jessica Chambers. Jury selection in his trial is set to start Monday.
When firefighters found Jessica Chambers on Dec. 6, 2014, she had burns over most of her body and died hours later at a hospital. Her shocking death drew national attention amid concerns about violent crime in rural communities around the U.S.
Tellis faces life in prison without parole if convicted at his trial in Batesville, court records show.
Prosecutors declined to discuss the case. Tellis' lawyers didn't return calls seeking comment.
DUBLIN CITY COUNCIL has approved an application to erect a blue plaque in Dublin Castle to honour where Irish suffragette Hanna Sheehy Skeffington smashed windows in protest against women not having the right to vote.
Next Tuesday 6 February, which is the centenary of the legislation being passed that would give women the right to vote in and run in general elections, a ceremony will be held to mark the date, which Hanna's granddaughter will be taking part in.
“I will be smashing a window,” Dr Micheline Sheehy Skeffington told TheJournal.ie.
“I'm going to dress up as a suffragette. I'm left-handed like my grandmother and I'm proud of that because when she went to smash the windows at Dublin Castle, the police came out and they automatically immobilised her right hand.”
And she said she could get in a couple more panes before they led her away!
The plan is to remove the grill covering a smaller window near the side entrance to Dublin Castle and put a mock-up window with panes of glass in it. Micheline will then smash the pane of glass, and an actor dressed as a policeman will stop her.
Dublin Castle window Hanna ShSk smashed – prison & hunger strike For centenary ♀️ vote: honour Irish suffragettes Plaque! Exhibition! Stamp! pic.twitter.com/i1crcQD5Yy — MichelineSkeffington (@MichelineShSk) May 10, 2017 Source: MichelineSkeffington /Twitter
On Thursday, a submission to erect a blue plaque to mark where Hanna smashed windows was approved by Dublin City Council – there are plans to unveil the plaque on 13 June this year – the date that she broke windows.
Who is Hanna Sheehy Skeffington?
Hanna Sheehy Skeffington was born in Cork in 1877; her family relocated to Tipperary when she was three years old. A prominent Irish suffragette and an ardent Irish republican, she carried messages and food to and from the GPO during the 1916 Rising.
As a student, Micheline says she was “amazed and disgusted” that women hadn't the right to vote, and was “keen to make a difference in Ireland”.
So she started campaigning and get the Irish party to include the vote in the Home Rule Bill. She co-founded the Irish Women's Franchise League, which was a new radical proactive group who started making public speeches to raise awareness.
In 1912, a group of women decided they would emulate a protest that had been taking place across England, and smash windows at the Customs House.
But Hanna wanted to smash windows in Dublin Castle instead, “because that's the seat of British power and I want to have a go at them while I'm at it” according to her granddaughter.
She spent a month in Mountjoy prison after being convicted, followed by another month after refusing to pay a fine. Micheline said that people like her grandmother are needed to spark much-needed change.
“People like that are needed to stand out and do something which is both unpopular (in that nobody wants to do it) and also maybe get the condemnation of people.”
She said her grandmother's actions prompted her to pursue her case against NUI Galway over gender discrimination.
People have to put their heads above the parapet in order to draw attention to something that's really important – and she did that.
She said that her grandmother would be ”surprised at how long it's taken” for women to progress in politics.
“I think she would be quite scathing of people giving lip service and [it's only] now we're starting to talk about bringing in a quota for 30% of [political candidates to be women].
I think Hanna and my grandfather Frank would have been quite dismayed at just how slow it's been. Yes, we've had two wonderful female presidents and there are some good leaders there but it's not a lot at all at the moment.
“So yes I think they'd be happy to see independence to see women more independent in their lives, but until you do away with violence against women, until women are able to walk the streets [without fear] and feel safe in their homes, we haven't got equality, we can't see the world in the same way.”
Students from the high school participate in We Are Silent, March 15
Many students from Ecole H.J. Cody School stood up for those who, for whatever reason, do not have a voice, while raising money to build a school in Haiti.
We Are Silent was held at the school on March 15, with students placing duct tape over their mouths, and not speaking throughout the day.
This year's fundraiser was entirely arranged by the school's Interact Club, according to Alana Routhier the club's faculty advisor.
“I am so proud of them,” said Routhier. “Everything with this event was done completely by them, I didn't have anything to do with it.”
The Are a Silent fundraiser was a part of the club's We Day promise, to make an impact both locally and internationally.
The club has been working for a few years to build a school in Haiti, a project they decided on as a group after a Day conference.
“It just made sense to us to build a school,” said Brynne Takhar, a student at H.J. Cody. “It took us a while to decide on where to do it, but we thought that Haiti could use it the most.”
Routhier says the Interact Club has gained a whole new independence and view of the world, through their work with Rotary and We Day.
She says the group has a new appreciation for what they can do to help others.
“This isn't our only project. We also make pads to send to Africa for girls to use,” said Routhier. “The club feels a strongly with this one because these girls can't go to school or get an education during that time because they are considered to be unclean.”
For Takhar, We Are Silent is a huge statement made by students. She says the event is both a fundraiser and a protest.
We Are Silent is a protest movement across North America to stand up for those who have been silenced or feel they have no voice.
“It is a very humbling experience,” Takhar said of not speaking throughout the day. “It is a great way to exercise empathy.”
Students from the Interact Club, and many who are not with the club, signed a pledge sheet stating who long they would stay silent on March 15.
They were able to choose a time period, some stating they will not speak during the morning or just the school day.
Then they were also able to choose the “level of difficulty.” This includes no communication at all or the option to not text throughout the period.
“Most students chose to go the entire day without speaking, but could choose what worked for them,” said Routhier.
The fundraiser brought the students passed the halfway mark of their goal. With this event no complete the students estimate they have raised $6,000 out of the $10,000 for the new school.
“I am so inspired [by my fellow students.] It is amazing what we can accomplish,” said Takhar.
H.J. Cody's Interact Club will be holding another fundraiser later this spring. This one will be a car wash, planned once again by the students.
A Massachusetts couple is in a race against time to save their 13-month-old son from an extremely rare, fatal disease often referred to as “childhood Alzheimer's.”
Last month, Purnell “Nell” Sabky was diagnosed with the genetic disorder Niemann-Pick Type A, and doctors told his parents that, without intervention, he likely would not live to see his third birthday.
Niemann-Pick Type A is caused by a lack of a specific enzyme, and the disorder prevents the body from metabolizing fat, which leads fat to accumulate around the organs. Patients typically develop an enlarged liver and spleen by 3 months old, and fail to gain weight and grow normally. At around age 1, patients with the disease usually begin to experience a progressive loss of mental abilities and movement, according to the U.S. National Library of Medicine.
“In addition to the complications of his body, he'll start to grow distant from us,” Sam Sabky, Nell's father, told Boston 25. “He won't be able to smile, he won't be able to laugh, and that's really the hardest part to deal with.”
With no treatment or cure available, the Sabkys' doctor told Sam and his wife, Taylor Sabky, that a genetic therapy was on the horizon but that a lack of funding was preventing it from moving forward. They are now racing to raise $750,000 by the end of June with the hopes of treating Nell before his disease progresses much more.
“You think of all the things that your child has ahead of him, and then you hear something like this, and it cuts short all those dreams and wishes,” Taylor told Boston 25. “We want him to have a future, to grow up, to do the small things like saying ‘mama' and ‘dada,' to do more long-term things. You think about him getting married, you know, what he's going to do for a career.”
The money raised will go to the Wylder Nation Foundation, which is working with researchers at the University of California San Francisco's Bankiewicz Laboratory to make the treatment available to patients, Boston 25 reported. While Nell would be the first patient to enroll in trials, the family is aware of how delicate the timeline is.
“We can dictate this timeline on our terms and try to give him a shot at life,” Sam told Boston 25. “And at the very worst, we can take comfort at the fact that we move the ball forward for maybe the next kid or the kid after that. And that's a legacy we'd be really proud that Purnell left on the world.”
As of Thursday, the family's GoFundMe page had received more than $191,000 in donations.
David Davis, the Brexit minister, right, was mocked after he was photographed on the first day of the latest round of talks without any papers in front of him.
Theresa May's government will unveil its plan on Tuesday for new customs arrangements with the European Union after Brexit — the first part of a concerted attempt by ministers this week to change the narrative around their handling of Britain's withdrawal by laying out more detailed plans.
The UK will seek a temporary extension of the current customs arrangements to avoid disrupting trade, in what will be seen as a victory for proponents of a "softer" Brexit. It would mean that Britain can't bring new trade deals with non-EU countries into effect for several years after leaving the bloc — a development that will be deeply unpopular with Leave supporters.
In the document, the government will confirm that Britain will formally leave the EU's customs union when it leaves the EU in March 2019, despite business lobbyists and opposition MPs arguing that Britain would be economically better off if it stays in the customs union after Brexit.
May declared in a landmark speech in January, when she first set out her vision for Brexit, that Britain will have to leave the EU's single market and customs union in March 2019, and this remains government policy.
But the UK will ask the EU to agree to a temporary customs union that would effectively prolong much of the status quo for a limited period of time, so that trade between the UK and the other member states can continue with as little disruption as possible until a new British customs regime is fully in place, DExEU said on Monday night.
The details of these transitional arrangements are to be negotiated.
The position paper is the first of several this week intended by UK ministers to show their counterparts in Brussels that they are making progress, and to reassure big companies with investments in the UK that there are plans in place to avoid a catastrophic economic jolt when Britain leaves in 2019.
According to limited information provided by DExEU to journalists ahead of the publication, one future scenario being considered would involve the UK and the EU entering a partnership aligning their customs approaches. Under this option, the EU and the UK would apply the same rules and tariffs on imports and exports between member states, and on goods transiting between member states, including on those originating in the UK.
BuzzFeed News understands that the partnership would closely mirror current arrangements. However, as a third country, Britain would be free to set its own tariffs and standards for exports outside the EU.
Another proposal the UK is putting forward would create a new customs border with the EU after the interim phase, while "streamlining and simplifying requirements to the fullest extent possible through negotiated and unilateral facilitations which reduce and remove barriers to trade," according to DExEU.
In recent weeks, the government has been accused of being underprepared for the monumental negotiations. The general election severely undermined May's authority and cast into doubt whether the prime minister's "hard" vision for Brexit would remain the government's approach. A series of apparently contradictory statements by ministers left the impression that her cabinet is deeply divided about what to do.
The sense of unreadiness reached its peak when David Davis, the Brexit secretary, was photographed at the start of the latest round of negotiations, in mid-July, without any documents in front of him, in contrast to his seemingly well-prepared counterparts. In Brussels, European politicians are said to be so flummoxed by the UK's lack of preparedness that some figure it has to be a trap, according to a recent story in Politico.
Eager to take back control of the narrative, the UK says it will publish several position papers this week about the future relationship with the EU giving clarity about its position on several important aspects of the negotiations.
Chris Leslie, the Labour MP who supports remaining in the EU, said the government was still trying "to have its cake and eat it," by claiming that it can have frictionless trade with EU states while being outside the customs union.
The paper on the customs union will be followed by another on Wednesday setting out the UK's views on the dilemma of the Irish border. May is still on holiday in Europe until later in the week, but her government is desperate to show that it has a handle on Brexit ahead of the next round of talks with the European Commission later in the month.
May's broad approach to Brexit has been clear since her speech at Lancaster House in January, but a lack of specific detail — along with the apparent disagreement among cabinet ministers on opposite sides of the Brexit debate — has led many to question whether the UK is as prepared as it needs to be for such a monumental negotiation.
A “huge body of work … has been undertaken across government since last summer,” the Department for Exiting the European Union (DExEU) said in a statement late on Monday night. By showing the results of some of that work in the next few days, the government hopes to quieten its critics, give assurance to various groups making competing demands, and accelerate progress in the Brexit talks.
The government is caught in a tricky position politically, between satisfying the demands of those who voted Leave in the expectation that the UK would “take back control” of its legal and economic affairs on day one, and those who believe the status quo will have to be extended for several years to avoid an economically catastrophic jolt.
The political bind will be evident in Tuesday's paper on the customs union.
At one level, withdrawal from the customs union will be portrayed as a great opportunity for Britain to increase its prosperity by forging new trade links with countries outside Europe. Dig into the detail, though, and the complexity is quickly apparent.
Adopting a short-term compromise would mean British importers and exports aren't hit by a sudden change that would badly damage their businesses. Meanwhile, UK authorities would have more time to carry out the complicated, technical work of implementing a wholly new customs system.
At the same time, the UK would be formally out of the EU's customs union so it would be free to start negotiating its own trade deals with countries like the United States and Australia — one of the main opportunities for the UK after leaving the bloc, according to Brexit campaigners.
Under the EU's customs arrangements, all members apply the same standards and tariffs to imports and exports, and trade deals with non-EU countries are negotiated not by individual governments but centrally by officials in Brussels. (It is unclear how the UK hopes to handle during its role in the dozens of trade deals the EU has in place with countries around the world such as the recently concluded deal agreement with Canada).
Leaving the union will allow the UK to pursue a trade policy that will make it stronger, fairer, more prosperous and more outward-looking, by tapping into markets beyond Europe, DExEU said. At the same time, the government insists it will still be able to have “frictionless” trade with the EU from outside the union — an assertion that has been contradicted by Europe's top negotiator, Michel Barnier.
There's a catch: Although the UK would be able to negotiate and sign its own trade deals, they would not actually come into force until the temporary transition period is over and Britain has its own fully functioning customs regime.
Both the interim and new customs arrangement will have to be approved by the other 27 EU member states. The UK did not say how long it hopes the temporary transition period will last.
Tom Brake, the Liberal Democrats' Brexit spokesman, said the interim arrangement would only temporarily delay the disruption of withdrawing from the customs union. The Lib Dems have campaigned to stay in the single market and customs union.
"We still face the prospect of more red tape for businesses, longer queues at our borders and higher prices for consumers once the transition comes to an end," Brake said.
Josh Hardie, deputy director-general of the CBI, the business lobby group, said companies would welcome more clarity from the government. "But the clock is ticking and what matters now is giving companies the confidence to continue investing as quickly as possible,” he added.
British ministers are keen to move beyond the first stage of talks and to start discussing the UK's long-term economic relationship, which they envision will be underpinned by a sweeping free-trade deal.
The EU has different priorities. The Commission insists that Britain will have to resolve the terms of its withdrawal — including a “divorce bill” to resolve its financial commitments, the rights of expats, and the status of the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland — before the talks can progress to transitional arrangements or a long-term relationship.
The UK's thinking is that the customs arrangements need to be established to resolve the Irish border question.
The other 27 EU members have yet to set out their thinking on customs arrangements or any other matters beyond the first phase. For now, Barnier's top priority is money. The last time European and British negotiators met in Brussels, he said the UK needed to clarify its intentions on the exit payment.
It's not clear whether the UK plans to publish a position paper on the financial settlement before the two sides meet again at the end of the month.
Privately, senior Whitehall officials have said the UK will end up paying between £30 billion and £50 billion, but the Brexit minister David Davis has reportedly said the exit bill is “off the table” until Brussels agrees to a trade deal.
1:36 'The King,' (Elvis impersonator Will Kettler) is in the house for Valentine's Day weddings Pause
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of his internment for first time since 1942
0:33 Fresno police arrest two after string of armed robberies
3:08 Public expresses views on proposed Rental Housing Improvement Act in Fresno
3:02 Meet Alexander Mickelthwate, the third conductor candidate for the Fresno Philharmonic
2:06 She watched her husband die in icy Fresno apartment: 'He couldn't fight the cold'
1:39 Most babies should be exposed to peanuts earlier, according to new guidelines
0:52 Visalia couple wins $65,000 Valentine on 'The Price is Right'
1:20 6 things to know about Calexit – the plan for California to secede from the U.S.
Students are back in the classroom in Doddridge County.
The high school welcomes students back from summer break and also revealed new improvements.
The school finished the new addition, providing new classrooms for health and drivers education, an auxiliary gym, and even a weight room.
The principal said the new addition definitely made the first day of classes go more smoothly.
"Well first of all the students were very enthusiastic today and they were excited about being in the new rooms for health classes and VOED classes and they got to be in there in lunchtime in the new gym so everyone just loved it back there, as a matter of fact they wanted to stay. They wanted to say can we stay back here for classes," said Principal Gregory Kuhns.
Find out everything you need to know about Netflix's hit high school drama, including plot, trailers, teasers, new characters – and why season two is shrouded in such mystery...
“Their story isn't over”. 13 Reasons Why season one may have ended where it started with Hannah Baker's tragic suicide, but Netflix is not done with one of its most successful series ever launched.
Advertisement
Season two is coming back with 13 brand-new episodes. Filming is already finished having started in June 2017, and a release date is now imminent (see below).
The cast is acutely aware of the tough issues they will be confronting in the new run, recording new content warnings letting viewers know that some of what they watch will be hard to take.
However, the series is once again set to be one of the most talked about shows when it returns later this year. Here's your updated guide to everything you need to know about 13 Reasons Why season 2 on Netflix (updated 24th April 2018).
When is 13 Reasons Why season two released on Netflix?
The streaming service is remaining tight-lipped about when exactly the series will return. The first season of 13 Reasons Why was released on 31st March last year, and some fans suspected that Netflix would release season two without warning exactly one year on.
era A post shared by KATHERINE LANGFORD (@katherinelangford) on Apr 16, 2018 at 5:26am PDT
However, that never happened, although the unveiling of additional content warning videos to show before the start of each season suggests that a spring or early summer release is imminent.
Netflix has experimented with surprise releases before, of course, including The Cloverfield Paradox released during the Super Bowl earlier this year. The Punisher meanwhile was set to be a surprise release last year, but according to reports the plans were shelved in the wake of the Las Vegas mass shooting.
Showrunner Brian Yorkey and cast members including Dylan Minnette and Katherine Langford recently appeared at a Netflix event in Rome to speak about the new series, and later travelled to Tokyo for a special screening event. The promotion for the series therefore is kicking into overdrive, but with another Friday passing without news of a release, the mystery surrounding 13 Reasons Why season two goes on…
Read more: 13 Reasons Why cast record new content warning video ahead of season two
Is there a trailer?
Apart from the announcement trailer and the videos mentioned above, Netflix has not yet released a new trailer for season two. We'll add the video as soon as it's made available.
Who's in the cast for 13 Reasons Why season 2?
Dylan Minnette as Clay, Brandon Flynn's Justin Foley and Alisha Boe as Jessica Davis are all set to return, along with Christian Navarro (Tony), Miles Heizer (Alex) and Justin Prentice (Bryce).
The cast is also set to include Ross Butler as Zach and Michele Selene Ang as Courtney.
Even season one-star Katherine Langford is set to return, although perhaps not in the central role of the first run.
“The Hannah that we saw in season one, we were able to tell her story fully and she didn't really come back in the same capacity or sort of as the same Hannah,” she recently told W Magazine. “It's a different Hannah that you see in season two.”
There are also set to be a number of new faces, both young and established actors. Tony Award-winning Kelli O'Hara makes her show debut as anti-bullying campaigner Jackie, with at least 10 other actors confirmed to be joining the series.
Read more: 13 Reasons Why adds new actors to season two cast
New cast member Anne Winters – who'll play a new high school ‘It' girl named Chloe in season two of the Netflix drama – has said we should “expect A LOT more answers” ahead.
Speaking to Flare, she said, “The people [in the show] who are doing wrong maybe don't even understand that it is wrong… this season will explore a little of those grey areas—it's not as black and white as last season—so that when people raise the question of, ‘Well wasn't it her fault that she did this or that?'. This season shows a different take on it. You'll have a lot more answers this season on why people are doing what they're doing.”
Bts 🌸🌸 A post shared by Anne Winters (@annewinters) on Apr 3, 2018 at 3:57pm PDT
What's going to happen in 13 Reasons Why season 2?
What we know about @13ReasonsWhy season 2 — so far pic.twitter.com/PMUaIe6Zy8 — Netflix US (@netflix) May 9, 2017
“No more tapes” – yep, those retro cassette tapes are no more. Apparently there will be “a new piece of technology for 13-year-olds to Google”.
UPDATE: creator Brian Yorkey and star Dylan Minnette have been speaking about what season two holds, and how Hannah Baker's “whole story” has still not been told. Read more
Season two will continue to explore many of the characters' issues that fans had only just begun to understand at the end of season one.
Star Dylan Minnette told Yahoo that the action will begin “a couple months after season one, and there's a lot that's happened to Clay in between.”
Meanwhile, show-runner Brian Yorkey says that he knew very early on that the story could not end with the tapes at the end of season one.
“We realised at a certain point that we would end season one with a young woman who was just beginning to come to terms with the fact that she was a victim of sexual assault; with a young man who was suffering from severe social isolation and thinking of making a pretty tragic choice in response to that; with a character, Clay, who was really just beginning to grieve a girl that he loved and to understand what that grieving process was; and a whole community that had been traumatised in a number of specific ways, most centrally by Hannah's suicide,” Yorkey said at a recent panel to discuss the show. “In a way it felt that to leave them there would be unfair to the characters and also to the viewers who really had come to care about them.”
He said that Jessica's storyline in particular would be explored more in the new episodes.
“Jessica in particular, her experience continues to be a central part of season two. We wanted very much to look at her recovery. To look at what it is to go from being a victim of sexual assault to being a survivor of sexual assault,” he added.
Mr Porter meanwhile, the school counsellor who questions Hannah's account of her sexual assault in the days leading up to her suicide, will face the repercussions of his actions.
“Mr. Porter, in particular, will be coming to terms with the mistakes that he made, with the ways that he let her down, and will be, I think, very determined not to let any kids down in the future,” he said.
“In fact, I think that his story is, I think, one of the most sort of compelling to me in season two. And we'll see a man who is determined to reach every kid who needs to be reached and help every kid who needs to be helped. Whatever it takes.”
Advertisement
There were plenty of unanswered questions at the end of season one, and with season two picking up where the last episode left off, it's probably worth reminding yourself of some of those cliffhanger moments below.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
HOUSTON — Look: He was kidding, and I am kidding. This post exists just to make a point about Jose Altuve's stranglehold over the 2017 American League batting race.
But after Altuve homered three times in the Astros' 8-2 win over the Red Sox in Game 1 of the ALDS on Thursday, Verlander — the winning pitcher in the game — claimed partial credit for Altuve's batting title. Here's the quote:
After the last game of the season, we did a little toast to him for winning the batting title and I told him, ‘Congratulations, and you're welcome.' Because I gave a couple of those hits to him. So I feel like that was just my small part in donating to his batting title.
And to a certain extent, it checks out: Altuve has hit Verlander exceptionally well across his career. Though individual pitcher-batter matchups almost exclusively exist in meaninglessly small sample sizes, Altuve's .563 career batting average versus Verlander is his second best against any pitcher he's faced at least 15 times — trailing only his .609 mark against Wade Miley, a much easier guy to hit.
Altuve went 2-for-3 with a double in his first matchup against Verlander back in 2014, and Verlander — to the extent we can guess based on the stats — never really figured Altuve out after that. The infielder has never had a hitless outing in six career games against Verlander, and before Verlander joined the Astros in August, Altuve was 3-for-5 with a walk against him in 2017.
But Verlander owns no claim to even partial credit for Altuve's batting title, as Altuve won the batting title by a wide margin. If somehow Verlander were replaced this season by a Tigers pitcher that could shut down Altuve — and it's not clear such a thing exists — Altuve would still have finished with plenty enough hits to lead the Majors in batting average. Heck, even if you blamed Verlander, as a veteran Tigers starter, for improperly preparing his teammates to face Altuve, you could dock Altuve all eight of his hits against Detroit in 2017 and he's still had the best batting average in the Majors, beating out Charlie Blackmon by percentage points.
Again, Verlander was just being funny, and he's not wrong about giving up a bunch of hits to Altuve in his career. But on the subject of Altuve's batting title and his role therein, Justin Verlander has provided fake news. No one pitcher can claim credit for the second baseman's offensive heroics in 2017. It takes a village to get torched by Jose Altuve.
Hey, it's not always Amtrak's fault!
The railroad released a statement on Monday saying that it was not to blame for the NJ Transit train that got stuck in an Amtrak tunnel Friday afternoon. Instead, the problem was a broken power collector on the NJ Transit train, company officials said.
“Amtrak has determined that the incident involving NJ Transit Train 3850 last Friday was not caused by Amtrak infrastructure, and that the preliminary cause appears to be a NJ Transit mechanical problem involving the train's pantograph,” the company said in a statement.
The incident caused chaos at Penn Station as train delayed several NJ Transit and Long Island Rail Road lines. Passengers were also stuck in the tunnel for nearly three hours.
NJ Transit officials on Friday blamed Amtrak for the mishap. NJ Transit officials did not immediately return calls for comment on Monday.
Amtrak has become an easy target the past few weeks. The company admitted that its aging infrastructure caused two derailments at Penn Station the past month. The first one on April 24th snarled train traffic for a day, but an April 3rd derailment caused several days of cancellations an delay.
Blink-182, Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, Snoop Dogg, Flo Rida, Fetty Wap, Weezer, Steve Winwood, Marshmello, Ziggy Marley, Tori Kelly, X Ambassadors and Ben Harper are among the acts who will perform at the ever-eclectic SunFest 2017 concerts scheduled for May 3-7 on the waterfront in downtown West Palm Beach.
Discount advance tickets are on sale now through March 10 at SunFest.com. Prices are $35 for a one-day pass, $55 for a two-day pass and $75 for a five-day pass. Prices at the gate will be $47, $72 and $92. Youth passes (ages 6-12) purchased before March 11 will cost $20/$25/$35.
For planning purposes, the daily headliners are Weezer and Snoop Dogg on Wednesday, May 3; Macklemore and Ben Harper and the Innocent Criminals on Thursday, May 4; Flo Rida, Ziggy Marley and Fetty Wap on Friday, May 5; Marshmello, 3 Doors Down and Tori Kelly on Saturday, May 6; Blink-182, Steve Winwood and X Ambassadors (“Unsteady”) on Sunday, May 7.
Elsewhere on the SunFest 2017 bill are young hitmakers such as Rachel Platten (“Fight Song”), Kaleo (“Way Down We Go”) and Jon Bellion (“All-Time Low”), along with Wavves, Breaking Benjamin, Tinashe, St. Paul and the Broken Bones, the Strumbellas, and the Naked and Famous.
3 Doors Down will bring “Kryptonite” and other administration-approved music to SunFest, which also will include the enduring jam rock of Widespread Panic, the SoCal reggae of Dirty Heads and the industrial rage of Filter (“Hey Man, Nice Shot”).
Beyond Winwood, SunFest will tip its hat to classic-rock fans with performances by Night Ranger, Loverboy and Christopher Cross.
Local performers on the bill include SunGhosts, Alex Di Leo, Chemradery, Magic City Hippies, Joe Galaxy and Lauderdale Lakes rapper NOSLEEPKB.
For more information on SunFest 2017 tickets and performers, visit SunFest.com.
bcrandell@sun-sentinel.com
It was supposed to be a simple tune-up for the home stretch. Just a couple of innings on the mound to stay sharp.
Instead, Los Altos junior Alex Reelfs made it impossible for his coach to make a call to the bullpen.
Who in their right mind would lift a pitcher in the middle of his second no-hitter of the season?
“The original plan was l just said, ‘Hey, Alex, do you want to get some work in?' ” Los Altos coach Gabriel Stewart said. “And I was thinking, ‘Oh, he'll throw two or three innings.' But then once we saw how he was going and we realized he has a chance to make some incredible history here, not only for himself, but for his team. We let him go.
“And he was all in for it, and he made history.”
The 6-foot-5, 220-pound right-hander tossed a no-hitter in the season opener, a 4-0 victory over Gunn in which he needed just 92 pitches to strike out 13.
Saturday in San Jose against Branham, he only struck out four, relying on his defense for 15 groundouts for another no-no in the 6-0 win.
“Last time, I was just cruising through with a lot of strikeouts,” Reelfs said. “This time, I came into the game and was only supposed to throw three (innings) to get me ready for this week. But through the fifth inning, when I had the no-hitter, they just let me keep going.”
“Our defense just kept making play after play, after play,” Stewart said. “He just never gave them an opportunity to square the ball up, and even the last two outs, those were the only fly balls of the entire game. Two flyouts to center, that was it. Before you knew it, no-hitter.”
Except, it wasn't as easy as it sounds.
“I was awfully sore in the back of my shoulder muscle, because that was our first game in a week,” said Reelfs, who has four complete games in eight starts. “Usually when I go 94 pitches, it's fairly easy. But this time I was really struggling, trying to use all my legs, everything I can.”
Unofficially, the 17-year-old sports a 1.04 ERA for the season.
That's because his eight scoreless innings of two-hit ball on April 6 against Mountain View wont' count until the game is resumed on Monday in the bottom of the ninth, with Los Altos up 1-0 and Reelfs in line for the victory.
“They're the home team, so they have three outs to do something,” Stewart said. “So we'll see.”
Against Branham, which won the Central Coast Section Division II title in 2014, Reelfs cruised through the first four innings.
But with two outs in the bottom of the fifth, he hit a batter and walked the next hitter.
“At that point, if he gives up a hit, I'm pulling him out immediately,” Stewart said. “But then he got the guy to hit a little comebacker on a 3-2 pitch, and after that it was pretty much 1-2-3, 1-2-3.”
A steady mix of his fastball and splitter kept hitters off balance.
Reelfs (5-2) helped his cause by going 2 for 4 with two doubles and a RBI, while teammates Max Higareda and Simon Heck each crushed a ball over the fence.
Then only surprise after recording the 21st out was the reaction of the Eagles (12-7-1).
“It was really interesting,” Stewart said. ‘I don't know if the guys deliberately did this, but it was more like, ‘Yeah, we're used to this now.' And we basically went and shook hands, a couple of guys went up and said, ‘Good job.' I, myself, just went and said congratulations to his mom.”
“The first time was something else,” Reelfs said. “But then this time, I know my team definitely expects it out of me, or knows that I can. So it's not a surprise to them.”
And how did he celebrate a second no-hitter within a two-month span?
“I just really iced myself and relaxed my muscles in the hot tub, big time,” Reelfs said.
“I cannot remember, within my memory, anyone throwing two of them in one season,” Stewart said. “It was almost like we are just kind of in shock — it's like, ‘Whoa!' Some people go through an entire high school career and they never see a no-hitter, period. Now we've had a guy on our team who's thrown two. We were almost in awe.”
iRacing.com, one of the most successful subscription-based sim racing games in the world, is finally getting the Porsche 911.
And there could be a lot more to come.
For the past 17 years, Electronic Arts has held an exclusive deal with Porsche that stops other gaming companies from using the brand without their permission.
For other video game and sim racing companies, their best solution has been to go to Ruf, a German car manufacturer that produces vehicles from unmarked Porsche chassis.
However, in Dec. 2016 the contract between Porsche and EA expired, and so iRacing gleefully took to social media on New Year's Eve to announce that the Porsche 911 GT3 Cup would be coming to its service in Jan. 2017.
Sports car racing fans on iRacing have recently been treated to the Nurburgring and the Circuit de la Sarthe, and will be looking forward to day-to-night transitions soon set to come to the service. Meanwhile, many oval racing fans are looking forward to the release of various dirt racing cars and tracks, which will be a first for the sim.
In today's Sydney Daybreak podcast, we cover the biggest stories that happened overnight. A rout in tech stocks dragged down equities across the board, with Facebook leading the charge lower. Hedge fund returns fell 2.19% in February, leaving them up 0.07% for the year, according to the Bloomberg Hedge Fund Database. And Barclays is in Edward Bramson's crosshairs. Bloomberg tech reporter Sarah Frier discusses the tech selloff with host Ramy Inocencio.
To listen to this podcast, click here. (Run time 6:15).
A new edition of Bloomberg Daybreak is now available on mobile and on the terminal. Check out DAYB or everything you need to know this morning, and customize your settings so you only get news on the industries and assets you care about. To unsubscribe, click on the Alert tab in DAYB. Have feedback? Email daybreak1@bloomberg.net.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Night-vision goggles, drones, patrols on kayak: French authorities are deploying a wide range of resources to prevent robbers from targeting gourmet delights including oysters, cheese and wine.
Earlier this month, a cheese producer in the Puy-de-Dome region woke up to find that 10,000 euros ($12,200) worth of Saint-Nectaire — a semi-soft cow cheese — had been stolen.
Oyster farmers are also heavily impacted. The mollusk is a popular delicacy at Christmas and a spate of thefts is usually reported every year in the lead-up to the holiday season.
“ We increasingly have to protect ourselves”
Last month, an oyster farm on the Ile de Ré — a small island off the country's west coast — reported the theft of about 1,800 lbs of his product. Two months earlier, 15,000 pounds of oysters were stolen from a farm in southwest France. That loss was estimated at around 35,000 euros ($43,000).
Vineyards across the country aren't spared, either. In September, two chateaux in the Bordeaux area had a significant number of their grapes harvested earlier than expected by thieves in the night. The spoils were once again estimated to be worth tens of thousands of dollars.
“Everything and anything that has a commercial value in the agricultural sector is now targeted,” said Veronique Richez-Lerouge, president of a cheese producers' association. "We increasingly have to protect ourselves."
According to the most recent official statistics, there were more than 10,000 thefts reported from French farms in 2013, a 66 percent increase from five years earlier.
Faced with the ire of the agricultural sector — which accounts for just 1.7 percent of the country's economic output but possesses outsized political influence — the French government adopted a plan to tackle the phenomenon in early 2014.
Law enforcement now regularly patrols farms on foot, bike or horseback before and during harvest season. At night, they do so equipped with night-vision googles.
Luc Smessaert, vice-president of the country's powerful farmers' union, FNSEA, says those measures have largely worked.
“For the past two years, we've noticed a sharp decline of thefts in our farms,” Smessaert told NBC News.
Police officers on horseback patrol an oyster farm in Gefosse-Fontenay, France. AFP / AFP/Getty Images file
Each region has its own plan tailored to its local agriculture. The “plan Champagne,” like most wine-producing areas, also includes an increased number of patrols deployed in the lead-up to Christmas to prevent the thefts of cases and bottles of the precious nectar from producers' cellars.
In Charente-Maritime, where 30,000 tons of oysters are produced every year, police Squadron Leader Christophe Laferriere and his team patrol oyster farms aboard kayaks day and night. They also deployed a drone last year “for a big operation.”
Thanks to the flying device, they can take pictures of boats' registration numbers.
“The area we patrol is so vast that we don't necessarily know to whom each farm belongs to,” Laferriere said.
Last year, 190,00 pounds of oysters were stolen from this part of France. In 2012, that number was 80,000 pounds.
A text-messaging system has also been developed to alert every farmer of suspicious activity in their area.
“It's a proper partnership,” Smessaert said, highlighting the “great efforts” made by law enforcement.
Still, every few months another big robbery grabs the headlines.
The Flex Spy is a fake oyster that alerts farmers when it's taken out of the water to prevent thefts of the expensive mollusks. Flex Sense
As the issue persists, the private sector has also awakened to the problem, with one start-up now producing a spy oyster.
The device looks like a mollusk and is submerged with the real ones, Emmanuel Parlier, founder of start-up Flex Sense explained to NBC News. However, “it sends a text message to the farmer when it's moved and taken out of water.”
The firm is now working with a drone company to check on production when the spy oyster is triggered and to take pictures of the thieves and their boats' registration numbers.
Pence's neighbors hang 'Make America Gay Again' banner It's been said that good fences make good neighbors. But in Aspen, Colo., this week, Vice President Mike Pence has something different posted between his vacation lodging and that of...
Mariah Carey and James Packer risk awkward Aspen encounter Mariah Carey clearly isn't too worried about bumping into her former fiance James Packer — the pair have been seen holidaying at the same ski resort in Aspen.
Mariah Carey, Kate Hudson celebrate Christmas in Aspen Stars flocked to Aspen for visits from Santa — and David Foster.
Here's how Victoria's Secret models dress for winter Wanted: Someone to keep the Victoria's Secret Angels warm this winter. They'll need it, if their scantily clad photo shoot for the VS holiday catalog is any indication. The gorgeous...
Bobby Kennedy III's comeback film is in the works He will direct a flick tentatively titled “Battle of Aspen” about Hunter S. Thompson's campaign to become sheriff of Aspen.
Car mysteriously abandoned in lake at Aspen Ideas Festival An insider told us VIPs “initially thought it was an art display” or promotion by one of this year's sponsors.
Ivanka once 'went missing' in Aspen as a teen Law enforcement told a local newspaper she was eventually found in another hotel room “with a boy.”
Malia Obama dines with fashionable crew in Aspen The 18-year-old was wearing a blue-and-red ski hat with “USA” written on the front.
Conor Kennedy pleads guilty to misdemeanor following Aspen bar brawl The Kennedy scion was arrested following a bar fight in Aspen in late December.
Image caption The Blood Transfusion Service has now clarified its malaria testing rules for Indian-born blood donors
The Blood Transfusion Service has said lessons have been learnt after 120 members of the Indian community were turned away from giving blood.
The blood drive was organised specifically for the Indian community last year, but confusion over criteria meant many were unable to donate.
Community leaders said they were left feeling "hugely embarrassed".
The Northern Ireland Blood transfusion Service (NIBTS) said there had been a "breakdown in communications".
Malaria test
The BBC has obtained a copy of an internal report and staff e-mails from the Blood Transfusion Service, through freedom of information request.
Dr Umesh Vijayam helped to organise the event, which took place last year, and said people had travelled from as far away as Londonderry, Bangor and Newry to take part.
Image caption Dr Umesh Vijayam said enthusiastic donors were turned away from the Indian community's first blood drive
"Around 30 people had already arrived, with many more on their way," he said.
"One of my friends went in to donate blood, he was very enthusiastic, he was first.
"They asked had he taken a malaria test since he was from India, a malaria-risk country."
Dr Vijayam said it was then that they realised that there was a problem.
Surendran Varma was also one of the group that organised the event and said that the community "wanted to do something unique".
Mr Varma said they had been campaigning for almost 10 months to recruit Indian donors by handling out pamphlets at three or four big Indian community events.
"It was the first blood drive for the Indian community and many people were excited," he said.
'Shocking'
He said that many people had taken a half day off work to donate blood and they planned to have a celebration meal afterwards.
Mr Varma said it was "really shocking and embarrassing" when they were told they could not donate.
"Initially it was annoying, why did they not communicate with us what was needed?" he said.
"I had to call all my friends that hadn't arrived and tell them not to come.
"They didn't check our passport to see if we were an Indian citizen or a British citizen. They just looked at our face.
"They never checked if you had travelled to India, it was just a blanket 'no'."
Image caption Surendran Varma said donations were refused on the basis of ethnic background rather than exposure to a malaria-risk zone
The emails between the former donor services manager, Charles Kinney, and the organisations medical director, Kathryn Maguire, point out that the organisation should have anticipated the problems in advance.
A spokesperson for the Blood Transfusion Service told the BBC that all donors were assessed individually and that some Malarial Antibody Tests (MAT) were taken.
They have also clarified some of the criteria for Indian people to donate blood:
If the donor was born in India and spent a minimum of six months in the country, a Malarial Antibody Test will be required
If the person has never been a resident, i.e. just a visitor, the Geographical Disease Risk Index (GDRI) will be referred to in order to assess risk
The Blood Transfusion Service said that for all other donors, if it had been between four and 12 months since their return from a malaria-endemic area, a validated test for malarial antibody must be performed.
The Northern Ireland Blood transfusion Service (NIBTS) acknowledged "that in regards to this session there was a break down in communications regarding travel criteria for donors".
"NIBTS have used this experience to ensure that lessons learnt have been disseminated across the organisation to the relevant staff," it said in a statement.
"NIBTS fully accepts and apologises for the upset and inconvenience caused to those who attended the session and were unable to donate, as well as those who had planned to attend.
"We value each and every donor and we regret that the experience fell below what should have been expected by our donors."
The federal government said Monday it plans to release an above-average amount of water from a major reservoir in the Southwestern U.S. this year, but it's less than many hoped after a healthy snow season across much of the West.
The Bureau of Reclamation, which manages dams and reservoirs on the Colorado River, said it will release 9 million acre-feet (11 billion cubic meters) from Lake Powell, sending it down the Colorado to into Lake Mead, where it will be tapped by Arizona, California and Nevada.
An acre-foot can supply two typical homes for a year.
Last month, the agency projected it could release 11.1 million acre-feet (13.7 billion cubic meters) from Lake Powell, but a dry early March reduced the amount of snow in the mountains that feed the river.
Still, the planned release is above the annual average of 8.7 million acre-feet (10.7 billion cubic meters), and it should be enough to delay a widely expected shortage in Lake Mead, said Marlon Duke, a spokesman for the Bureau of Reclamation.
A shortage would trigger cuts in water deliveries to Arizona and Nevada, the first states to be hit under the multistate agreements and rules governing the Colorado River. That had been expected as soon as next year.
“It's pushed that shortage likelihood out into the future,” Duke said, but it's too early to say how far.
Melting snow is expected to raise the level of Lake Powell by about 50 feet (15.24 meters) by mid-July, but after the 9 million acre-feet (11 billion cubic meters) is released, the reservoir will be about 35 feet (10.67 meters) higher on Oct. 1 than it is now, he said.
The two reservoirs are part of the Colorado River system, which supplies water to about 40 million people and 6,300 square miles (16,317 sq. kilometers) of farmland in seven states and 20 Indian reservations. Mexico is also entitled to a share under a treaty.
A prolonged drought and rising demand for water have overtaxed the river. Some researchers say global warming is also affecting water flows.
___
This story has been corrected to show the average annual release from Lake Powell is 8.7 million acre-feet, not 8.23 million.
___
Follow Dan Elliott at http://twitter.com/DanElliottAP. His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/dan%20elliott
Forget the New England Patriots; When it comes to sports dynasties, there's only a handful more dominant than Kate Upton's reign over Sports Illustrated. Elle Macpherson has the all-time lead with five cover, but Upton is closing in with three of her own. Here they all are.
2012
2013
2017
Wow, I feel so honored and excited to be back with Sports Illustrated!! Thank you @si_swimsuit and @mj_day for inviting me to be part of an issue that features and celebrates beauty and confidence in every shape and size #siswim17 #grateful A post shared by Kate Upton (@kateupton) on Feb 14, 2017 at 9:53pm PST
She also had one back-page cover…
2014
Not all emerging-market debt is losing its allure as U.S. Treasury yields rise. At least not for Morgan Stanley Investment Management's Michael Kushma.
Far from taking a more skeptical view of the asset class, Kushma, who helps oversee $80 billion in debt, says the trick is to seek securities in places where there's relatively low interest-rate risk. It's a strategy that leads him to talk enthusiastically of countries that many of his peers might say are too perilous to consider. Egypt and Ukraine for example.
“Real interest rates in the U.S. are rising, undermining a bit the real interest-rate premium that emerging markets have over the U.S.,” Kushma, the firm's chief investment officer for global fixed income, said in an interview in Singapore. “The gap is closing a bit but it's not like the gap's gone away. The gap is still meaningful, so we still think emerging markets will do fine.”
While reducing exposure to government bonds and taking on more credit risk as synchronized global growth and expectations for tighter monetary policy drive up yields, the firm's maintaining its positions in both local- and foreign-currency Egyptian bonds as well as Ukraine's dollar debt. For sure, the strategy has its perils, but the country's domestic stories dominate any external factors, according to Kushma.
U.S. 10-year yields breached 3 percent for the first time since 2014 on Tuesday, reducing the relative allure of higher-risk emerging-market debt. The median of 56 analyst forecasts compiled by Bloomberg is for 10-year yields to end the year at 3.15 percent. Kushma says they'll climb to 3.25 percent within 2018.
Both Egypt and Ukraine, which have secured loans under International Monetary Fund programs, offer relatively higher yields that make them attractive investments, Kushma said. Egypt raised 2 billion euros ($2.4 billion) in eight- and 12-year bonds in its first ever euro-denominated debt sale this month. The eight-year notes yielded 4.83 percent Tuesday, while the 12-year securities had a 5.74 percent yield. Ukraine may tap international markets several times this year to raise $2 billion.
For Egypt, “the yield you're getting on that country relative to the yield in other countries is attractive and we think they'll do enough,” Kushma said. “Things don't have to improve, just not get worse.”
Here are some of Kushma's other recommendations and forecasts:
Brazil:
Likes Brazilian bonds because inflation's low; real rates aren't coming down on the back of falling inflation and nominal yields aren't falling fast enough. On the other hand, there are worries about the country's currency and politics, so it's preferable to buy the debt and hedge the currency risks
South Africa:
The company waited until there was “more clear-cut political change” in the country. It reversed estimates on some of the negative fundamental dynamics that were hurting the economy, including the current account.
“We became much more positive that the inflation rate was peaking, but we're worried on the currency”
Indonesia:
MSIM's favorite in Asia is Indonesian sovereign bonds; they have reasonably high yields, the central bank is committed to currency stability and there's an attractive economic backdrop, as credit upgrades show
“If you look at the universe of EM as a whole, stronger economic growth usually comes with stronger commodity prices, which lead to a better balance of payments, stronger currencies, lower inflation, lower interest rates and easier central bank policies,” Kushma said. “There's no reason to expect it to do badly. But it's coming under more duress from higher real interest rates in the U.S.”
Image copyright South Yorkshire Police Image caption Aseel Al-Essaie, 23, died after being shot in February 2017
A key prosecution witness in the trial of three men accused of murder has been accused of "conspiring with police" to make a false statement.
Matthew Cohen, 29, Dale Gordon, 33, and Keil Bryan, 32, are alleged to have shot dead Aseel Al-Essaie, 23, in Sheffield in February 2017.
The witness, a serving prisoner, claims Mr Cohen confessed to the murder in jail but barrister Simon Csoka QC suggested his statement was not true.
All three men deny murder.
More stories from across Yorkshire
Mr Al-Essaie was killed as he was sitting in his car. Prosecutors allege Mr Cohen was driving the car while Mr Gordon and Mr Bryan were both passengers.
In cross-examination at Sheffield Crown Court, Mr Csoka suggested the witness had been fed information by officers investigating the murder before making his statement.
'Paid to lie'
He said: "You have been conspiring with the police."
The witness replied: "I didn't conspire with the police. Why would I do that? What am I getting out of it?"
He later said: "All I've done is I've been told something [by Mr Cohen] and I've done the right thing.
Image caption The trial is being heard at Sheffield Crown Court
Sheffield Crown Court heard the witness had been visited by police during a legal visit in prison on 7 June 2017 and had given his statement about Mr Cohen's alleged confession on 15 June.
He said he had been speaking to Mr Cohen "all the time" while the two men had briefly been on the same wing at HMP Doncaster.
Mr Csoka, however, claimed the two men had "barely ever" spoken and said prison records suggested he had been locked in his cell for a large amount of time they had been on the same wing.
Mr Cohen, of Bramwell Close, Mr Gordon, of St Phillip's Road and Mr Bryan, of Brackley Street, are on trial with three other men and a woman, all from Sheffield.
James Good, of Ringstead Crescent, and Mr Cohen's mother Patricia Sharp, 58, deny perverting the course of justice.
Brothers Razwan, 26, and Mohammed Mirza, 30, of Staniforth Road, deny assisting an offender.
The trial continues.
President Donald Trump walks to Marine One while departing from the White House on July 24, 2017, in Washington. (Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
HOUSTON - President Donald Trump will meet with the families of the Santa Fe High School massacre victims when he visits Houston on Thursday, according to NBC News.
Trump's visit comes nearly two weeks after the May 18 shooting at the school that killed 10 people and injured 13 others. A gunman's half-hour rampage killed eight students and two teachers.
The White House announced Sunday that the president would be traveling to Houston and Dallas this week.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
TORONTO — Several houses under construction have been heavily damaged in a fire in northeast Toronto.
Toronto police say they were called to the Scarborough area (near Buena Vista Avenue and Southlawn Drive) around 10:40 p.m. last night on reports of a fire.
They say at least four houses were damaged and several nearby homes were evacuated.
Police say no injuries were reported and those evacuated were offered shelter in Toronto Transit Commission buses.
The chief of Attawapiskat First Nation has launched a personal war on illegal drugs because he says he is tired of waiting for others to deal with a problem that is destroying his small community in northern Ontario.
Chief Ignace Gull, who was elected in 2016 following a state of emergency triggered by a spate of youth suicides, says he's using the authority under the Indian Act to search suspected drug dealers.
Gull and four other local officials search everyone who lands at the fly-in community's airport, including local police officers.
“It's a success so far,” the chief said Wednesday in a phone interview.
“These (drugs) are destroying the community.”
Police say the drugs come in through the airport or by mail.
Gull said he's sick of waiting for police whose hands are tied by the weeks it often takes to get search warrants signed by a justice of the peace in Sudbury, Ont.
“Police can't come to the homes without a search warrant, so I have to do it,” he said.
The chief began the searches on May 27, working with a small team that includes two councillors and two volunteers.
He brought in a drug-sniffing dog along with a handler and guard from a security company in Timmins, Ont., to help out on a recent three-day blitz.
They've seized fentanyl, speed, marijuana, other opioids and large shipments of alcohol, Gull said.
The community has been demanding action since the 2015 suicide crisis, Gull said, and drugs were part of the problem.
“The drug dealers aren't hiding anymore, people just line up to get them, like getting coffee at Tim Hortons,” Gull said.
Since it's a small community with about 1,500 people, Gull said they know the alleged dealers. So he just goes to their house, grabs the drugs and gives it to police.
“We need help, we want the government to step in and do something to help us instead of watching us from the sideline,” he said.
A few weeks ago, Gull met with Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, who told him to apply for funding that is available to help.
A spokesman for Goodale said they are aware of the challenges Attawapiskat faces and noted the federal government is investing $291.2 million over five years in a First Nations policing program.
“These investments include increased and ongoing funding for (program) recipients to support priorities such as additional officer positions, officer safety, policing equipment and salaries,” said Scott Bardsley.
He said the force for the region, Nishnawbe Aski police, recently finished a three-year deal through the program, which “will strengthen policing in Attawapiskat and bolster its response to these challenges.”
He said there is money available for crime prevention projects and for initiatives to reduce gang and gun violence.
“This funding would include a portion provided to Indigenous organizations to help build capacity through education, outreach and research, addressing the unique needs of Indigenous communities and urban populations,” Bardsley said.
Nishnawbe Aski police Sgt. Jackie George said the chief's approach is common in northern First Nation communities.
Airport screenings are particularly effective at keeping drugs out of fly-in communities, she said.
“It keeps people from trafficking contraband into the communities because they know they're going to be searched,” she said.
Last November, the Mushkegowuk Council, a regional organization that represents northern First Nations that includes Attawapiskat, declared a state of emergency on illegal drugs and alcohol.
“This pandemic has reached serious levels where it's clearly destroying our people and communities,” said Grand Chief Jonathon Solomon at the time.
Chief Gull said he is considering buying a drug-sniffing dog to help.
“We can't just sit around and wait for somebody to do it for us, we have to do it ourselves,” he said.
This simple face massage makes you look younger in 90 seconds More than a decade ago, exercise physiologist Sue Hitzmann developed a quick self-massage series on the face and neck to help clients with chronic jaw tightness. It came with an...
The ‘penis facial' is the latest disturbing beauty treatment The secret to clear, glowy skin? It's inside you. Actually. On Thursday, Page Six reported that “Ocean's 8” stars Cate Blanchett and her pal Sandra Bullock had tried the “penis...
Bobbi Brown says this $25 lemon juice is worth it Bobbi Brown adores her adopted hometown of Montclair, NJ, so much so that she and her husband, Steven Plofker, just opened a boutique hotel, the George Inn, there. But the...
Why you might want to try a yogurt facial For years, we've been advised to eat yogurt — teeming with “good bacteria” called probiotics — for maximum health. But now, dermatologists and skin-care companies say that in addition to...
Beauty addicts are slathering their faces with fancy plums Terroir. It's the schmancy term used by wine experts to describe the environment — soil, climate, topography — a particular grape is grown in. Now, skin-care experts are using it...
Now you can smell like Albert Einstein This reeks of genius. D.S. & Durga, a Brooklyn perfume house, has captured the scent of Albert Einstein in a bottle. The burly blend evokes pipe tobacco, papyrus manuscripts and...
Several excellent reasons to avoid Goop's pricy 'bath butler' service Have you ever wished that you could hit the spa with Gwyneth Paltrow? Think of the toxins you'd sweat away, the turmeric shots you'd swill, the health tips you'd swap...
DEAR JOAN: Doves set up a nest in one of my hanging planters several days ago. This afternoon, I noticed that the resident parent was absent from the nest. I then noticed lots of feathers on my front lawn.
I peered into the nest and there are two eggs. Neither parent has returned in several hours. If one of the parents has been killed, do you think the nest has now been abandoned?
Should I take the eggs to Lindsay Wildlife hospital, if no parent has returned by the morning?
Kate, Concord
DEAR KATE: This has all the earmarkings of a tragedy, and it might be, but I'm not yet ready to concede that. It's not unusual for the parents to take a break before starting incubation.
Depending on the bird and the number of eggs she lays, eggs can sit idle in the nest for several days before the incubation process starts. It's most common in birds that lay many eggs. As they can lay only one egg a day, if they started incubating immediately, it would mean mom would be trying to feed and care for some chicks while still sitting on eggs.
So she'll lay her eggs, one by one, and after the last has been laid, then she'll start incubating. The eggs will then hatch more at less at once, unusually with an hour or so of each other.
This scenario is less likely with mourning doves as they usually lay only two eggs, and the parents take turns sitting on the nest once the incubation process has started. The female takes the night shift, the father the day. If something has happened to one of the birds, the nest would be abandoned because one parent can't manage it alone.
I checked with Lindsay Wildlife Experience in Walnut Creek, and they do not take eggs. In most cases, by the time it's confirmed the parents are missing, the eggs are no longer viable.
I'm hoping the parents have made an appearance by now, but if they haven't, you can take down the nest and dispose of the eggs.
Pet news, photos and more delivered to your inbox. Sign up now for the Pet Pal Connection newsletter!
DEAR JOAN: Many years ago I lived in Palo Alto but was telecommuting to a company in Boston. I did most of my work at a computer in a bedroom that I had turned into an office.
We had a cat that spent most of her time outdoors during the day. Her food dish was outside as well, and I would usually feed the cat around 4 p.m.. One day we were surprised to see that a scrub-jay had discovered the bowl of kibble.
While the cat lay on the porch about 5 feet away, seemingly uninterested, the jay would chow down. Several times I got caught up working and was late feeding the cat. The jay learned to come around to the window of my office and start making a racket.
It was an effective alarm telling me to get busy and feed them both.
Steve Johnson, Bay Area
Related Articles Touching hummingbird scene was not what it appeared to be
9 dog-friendly California hotels that totally pamper your pup
Selfies with wild turkeys are not a good idea
#WhattheFluffChallenge: Hilarious videos show pets wondering where their owners went
Why does my cat ignore the dive-bombing scrub-jays? DEAR STEVE: Who said humans can't be trained?
Vacation time
Every month we pick a theme and ask you to send us pictures of your pets based on the topic. This month, we're celebrating pets on vacation. You can upload your photos here, and then check out the slideshow on the Pet Pal Connections page.
For more pets and animals coverage follow us on Flipboard.
A Pennsylvania State Police trooper who was slain on duty will be laid to rest this week.
Twenty-three-year-old Trooper Landon Weaver was shot and killed while responding to a domestic complaint Friday night in Huntingdon County, in central Pennsylvania. State police shot and killed the suspect in Weaver's death after an overnight manhunt.
Weaver graduated from the police academy last summer and was assigned to the Huntingdon barracks. He was married in June.
The John K. Bolger Funeral Home says there will be a visitation Wednesday at the Jaffa Shrine Center in Altoona. Weaver's funeral will be Thursday at the Jaffa Shrine Center. He'll be buried at Fairview Cemetery in Martinsburg.
Weaver was the 97th member of the Pennsylvania State Police to be killed in the line of duty.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. — The rain the past few days in Alabama have been unrelenting, which shouldn't be a surprise. Leading into the 2018 U.S Women's Open, rain was always in the forecast. But this is turning into more than a few showers. Rain, thunder and lightning from subtropical storm Alberto has hit the area and continues to soak Shoal Creek C.C.
USGA officials had to cancel Tuesday's practice rounds out of concerns for the safety of players and spectators. There was some solace when the range did open in the afternoon to allow players to practice. On Wednesday, the course and media center were closed all morning (I'm writing this piece from the friendly confines of my hotel room), less than 20 hours before the first players are scheduled to tee off in the 70th playing of the national championship.
Since Sunday, 4.4 inches of rain have fallen on the golf course, and rain is expected to continue until Wednesday evening.
There are a lot of questions left unanswered right now. Will the event start as scheduled? Will the course be playable in time? When the women do play, will it be lift, clean, and place? Is this event going to extend into next week? If so, how far? And do I have to change my flight home?
While tournament organizers are faced with the Herculean task of solving all of these problems (OK, maybe not my flight; I'll handle that one), players are left to figure out how to prepare and how to fill all of the downtime.
Defending champ Sung Hyun Park was spotted hitting balls at the Topgolf Birmingham . Others in the field, including Michelle Wie and Jessica Korda, have posted pictures and video on social media of indoor putting practice. Several golfers have taken to Twitter in their off-time.
Tiffany Joh made a funny video pointing out that this is the fourth event this year where the LPGA Tour has had to deal with really bad weather.
And Paula Creamer ventured that this U.S. Women's Open could be the wildest one yet.
Yes, the current situation in Birmingham is pretty bad, and the players' pre-tournament preparation schedules have been completely shattered. But things could be worse. Actually, things at a U.S. Women's Open have been worse. I give you: The 1986 U.S. Women's Open in Dayton, Ohio.
Dayton sees Birmingham's heavy rain, lightning and unplayable course, and raises it an overturned railroad tanker, which released poisonous clouds of smoke into the town; an earthquake; and flesh-eating flies.
The most impressive part of all of this? The tournament finished all four rounds by Sunday . Sure, it was a tie, and Jane Geddes had return to the course for an 18-hole Monday playoff against Sally Little and win the title. But still, all of those cartoon-worthy disasters occurred and the players and the organizers were able to get it done basically on-schedule.
Pinterest Bettmann In 1986, Geddes survived a harrowing championship week at NCR Country Club outside of Dayton, Ohio, winning the U.S. Women's Open title in a Monday playoff over Sally Little.
To get an idea of what it was like playing three decades ago in what I'm willing to call the most peculiar U.S. Women's Open of all time (tweet at me if you know of a better one), I called two of my most trusted sources: Mom and Dad.
My Mom, Mary Anne Widman, played on the LPGA in the 1980s and my Dad, Jim Levins, would occasionally ditch his day job to come out and caddie for her. Mom was playing and Dad was on the bag at NCR C.C. in 1986.
“I missed the cut, so I missed the flesh eating flies,” Mom remembers. “I don't remember being able to practice a lot. We were just kind of holed up. If you can't prepare, that's the worst feeling. Nobody ever wants to enter a U.S. Open feeling unprepared.”
Once the players did get out on the course, play was interrupted by weather delays and groups were packed onto the course more tightly than normal to try and get the rounds in on time. One par 3 was so backed up, there were three groups waiting on the tee together.
“As a player, you're constantly trying to keep yourself in a position to go back into the mode you were in,” Mom said. “You're not really absorbing what's going on behind the scenes, what the organizers are doing, what decisions are being made. I was just trying to always keep my momentum up. Stopping was so hard for me. Even though you're out of synch when things start to change, you're just trying to focus.”
The course itself was soaked.
“I saw some of the biggest divots I've ever seen taken at that course. Two inches deep, a foot long … the course was so wet, irons were just diving into the ground,” Dad remembers.
Pinterest Copyright USGA/Darren Carroll Nelly and Jessica Korda played Shoal Creek on Monday, getting in some practice before heavier rains forced USGA officials to close the course all day Tuesday and through lunch on Wednesday.
For a novice caddie, all of the calamity around the NCR was a lot to take in. “I remember wondering, When are we going to get out? When are we going to see the course? When are you going to be able to practice on the course or even just hit balls? It was all shaken up. Nothing was according to plan. With so many things going wrong, I remember thinking, ‘OK, what's going to happen next?' ”
Ultimately, the players and caddies at the 1986 U.S. Women's Open, my parents included, came to the same conclusion that the players will be forced to come to here at Shoal Creek: There's nothing a player or caddie can do except fill the downtime and try to stay focused.
Though it's not a position any athlete wants to be in before one of the biggest events of their year, it's far more enviable than what the grounds crew and event organizers have ahead of them. There are still four rounds to play on a very wet golf course.
As I finish this piece, an email from the USGA alerts me that practice rounds will begin at 1 p.m. today. Maybe this week won't be so calamitous after all.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Image copyright PA
Theresa May's plan for a "customs partnership" with the EU after Brexit has been described as "completely cretinous" by Jacob Rees-Mogg.
The leading Tory Brexiteer said it would be the same as staying in a customs union.
He also accused the prime minister of lacking "enthusiasm" for Brexit at a think-tank event in Parliament.
Mrs May has ruled out joining a customs union but has come up with two options to avoid a hard border in Ireland.
One of them is a "customs partnership" that would rely on new technology to track the final destination of goods flowing across the border, removing the need for physical customs checks.
'Enigmatic'
This has previously been dismissed as "magical thinking" in Brussels but UK officials are reported by the Financial Times to believe the mood has changed and they plan to raise it again next month.
Mr Rees-Mogg said the "completely cretinous" idea would see the UK collect tariffs on the EU's behalf for goods landing in Britain but intended for the bloc's market, something Mr Rees-Mogg said would be "impractical, bureaucratic" and "a betrayal of common sense".
The other option being proposed by the government would be to minimise checks rather than getting rid of them altogether, by using new technologies and things like trusted trader schemes.
Speaking at the Open Europe event, Mr Rees-Mogg said Mrs May's attitude to Brexit was "enigmatic".
"She is carrying out the will of the British people but it's hard to read what level of enthusiasm she has for it," he said.
The Conservative MP, who heads the influential European Research Group of Conservatives, also accused the House of Lords of "playing with fire" by attempting to "thwart" the result of the 2016 EU referendum.
'Racist' policy
He said it was now a case of the "peers against the people" after the government's Brexit legislation suffered a series of defeats in the upper chamber.
He was speaking as a petition calling for a referendum on abolishing the House of Lords passed the 100,000 signature mark, which could trigger a debate in Parliament.
Mr Rees-Mogg said an immigration policy after Brexit that gave preferential treatment to EU nationals would be "racist" and "quite wrong" because, by and large, EU nationals are white.
Responding to Mr Rees-Mogg's comments, Theresa May's official spokesman said that it was part of the Upper House's role to scrutinise legislation.
But he added: "We have been clear that we are disappointed with the decisions which have been taken by the House of Lords.
"We believe that the Withdrawal Bill was passed by the House of Commons and was passed in a way which would allow us to deliver the smooth Brexit which the country wants."
The government had already set out its plans in relation to House of Lords reform, said the spokesman.
Asked whether he would agree that Mrs May had been "enigmatic" about her views of Brexit, the spokesman said: "The prime minister has made absolutely clear her determination to deliver on the will of the British people, and that she believes that we can deliver Brexit in such a way that provides for Britain a stronger, more prosperous and more secure future."
WASHINGTON (AP) — Former Cambridge Analytica employee Christopher Wylie has arrived on Capitol Hill, where he is talking to House Democrats about his time with the data mining firm affiliated with President Donald Trump's campaign.
Wylie's visit is part of a Democratic attempt to keep congressional focus on Russian meddling in the 2016 election and whether Trump's campaign was involved. He is talking to Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee Tuesday and Democrats on the House intelligence committee Wednesday.
The GOP-led House intelligence panel shut down its Russian meddling probe last month, saying they don't see any evidence of collusion or coordination.
Wylie sparked a global debate over electronic privacy in March when he was part of an effort to reveal that Cambridge Analytica had gathered millions of Facebook profiles to influence elections.
Dean Winters scores deal on $3.5M Tribeca pad It seems Dean Winters, known for appearing in “Oz,” “30 Rock” and a series of Allstate ads, has just bought a $3.49 million Tribeca condo, according to city records. The...
Tina Fey's daughter prefers 'Parks and Rec' to '30 Rock' "It's so hard for me not to be like, 'Get in your room and watch "30 Rock." ' I was gonna spank her," Fey said.
Christmas tree arrives at Rockefeller Center The second-largest Christmas tree ever to stand in Rockefeller Center was hoisted into place Saturday — to the delight of onlookers, including these kids who took home branches as souvenirs....
'He's a mess': Insiders worry Fallon's partying is getting out of hand He's one of NBC's biggest success stories — keeping “The Tonight Show” at the top of the late-night ratings with bouncy show tunes and campy games. Now Jimmy Fallon is...
The most vicious behind-the-scenes feuds in TV history Actors on successful television shows are trained to always give the right answers in interviews, and shift the focus away from any drama that might be going on behind the...
Why 30 Rock is the greatest building in the world It will always be the RCA Building to some. Other people believe it's still the GE Building, while others are coming to terms with what, this month, was renamed the...
Real-life people struggle with their famous TV character names George Costanza has never celebrated Festivus and doesn't wear velvet, but does own a puffy jacket. Liz Lemon is a workaholic in her 40s with a boyfriend called Pete and...
Before text messages from smartphones, before Twitter and before Facebook, there was AOL's instant messaging service.
The once-mighty internet service provider's AIM service, as it was known, was the way to quickly reach out to your friends in the late 1990s.
But AOL's power has long ago faded — and now AIM is riding off into the sunset.
AOL announced Friday that AIM will become history on Dec. 15.
“All good things come to an end,” the company said. “On Dec. 15, we'll bid farewell to AIM. Thank you to all our users!”
Tellingly, AOL revealed the news in a tweet.
Twitter, in some ways, is what AIM never grew up to be.
AOL tagged its tweet “#AIMemories.”
“If you were a 90s kid, chances are there was a point in time when AOL Instant Messenger was a huge part of your life,” Michael Albers, VP of communications product at AOL's parent company, Oath, said in a statement.
“You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists,” Albers said.
Or maybe not.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
The Federal Court has adjourned the Australian Workers' Union's (AWU) challenge into the legitimacy of police raids on union offices for at least three months, until the Australian Federal Police's (AFP) investigation into media leaks is finalised.
The AWU launched its court challenge following revelations from BuzzFeed News that jobs and innovation minister Michaelia Cash's office tipped off the media about the October 24 raids by the AFP on the union's Sydney and Melbourne offices.
The union aims to probe the validity of the raids, which were part of an investigation by the Turnbull government–established watchdog, the Registered Organisations Committee (ROC), into donations made by the union over a decade ago when it was led by current Labor leader Bill Shorten.
In a win for the union, Justice Anthony North ruled the trial – which was due to kick off next week – should be postponed due to the ongoing investigation by the AFP into the media tip-off about the raids.
The AWU successfully argued the trial should be delayed until it can be granted access to three confidential AFP affidavits relating to the raids, which have only been seen by the police and North.
"It would be … a disadvantage and unfair if the [AWU] were forced to trial without having access to the documents," North said.
The ROC argued the case should go ahead as planned on Monday, because its own investigation into the AWU was being held up by the delays. The ROC has not been able to access the documents it seized in the October raids while the court challenge is ongoing.
Last week the AWU flagged that when the case goes ahead it will seek to subpoena Cash, as well as her former senior media adviser David De Garis and former Fair Work Ombudsman (FWO) official Mark Lee.
Cash refused to answer questions in Senate Question Time on Monday over whether the AFP had interviewed her over the leak, or whether she planned to make herself available for the court case.
AWU national secretary Daniel Walton told BuzzFeed News the ROC investigation was politically motivated and invalid, and that the court case aims to show the subsequent raids on the union offices were unlawful.
He says AWU staff in Melbourne and Sydney were informed of the raids by members of the media, who arrived at the offices well in advance of police and began broadcasting live into news bulletins.
De Garis resigned from Cash's office last year after admitting he tipped-off journalists ahead of the raid. He hasn't spoken publicly, or revealed who told him the raids were about to occur. He's one of four staff members to leave Cash's office since the leaks were exposed.
At the time of the leaks Lee was on loan from the FWO to the ROC and knew ahead of time that the search warrants were being sought. He's since resigned from the FWO, blaming intense media scrutiny, and hired the lawyer responsible for Rebel Wilson's historic multi-million dollar defamation win to represent him. Lee has denied he was the source of the leak.
Cash claims the leak occurred without her knowledge but has continually refused to say whether any other ministers or staff members were involved.
Last month BuzzFeed News spoke to a journalist who claims they received a phone call from then justice minister Michael Keenan's office informing them of the raids before they took place.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
BUSINESS
Bookmakers and betting exchanges in Malta are in for an early Christmas treat after Europe's premier gambling hub announced that these services will be exempted from Value Added Tax (VAT).
The Maltese government will no longer impose VAT on bets and wagers handled by local bookmakers, betting exchanges and “equivalent entities” starting January 1, 2018, The Times of Malta first reported.
Under the new Value Added Tax Act, published in the Government Gazette last week, bets on actual and virtual sports events, lotteries, competitions, lotteries, performance of an index, and even natural disasters and other phenomenon would also be exempted from the tax.
The Maltese government, however, clarified that the VAT exemption under the new tax regime did not include bets on the outcome of casino table games, including blackjack, roulette, poker, or any other casino-style game of chance. And any gambling services provided through the use of remote technology would still pay the VAT, the government added.
Government lotto and lotteries are currently exempted from the tax.
The Value Added Tax Act was enacted in order to keep up with the Council of Europe directive on the common system of VAT. According to the Council of Europe's directive, a EU State may exempt betting, lotteries and other forms of gambling subject from VAT although such measures are still subject “to the conditions and limitations laid down by each Member State.”
The new taxation also comes at a time when Malta's gambling industry is bracing for a number of regulatory changes.
It is not clear how the new policy will affect the government's finances. Record shows that collected VAT makes up 7 percent of Malta's annual gross domestic product. Last year, the government earned more than €700 million (US$825.06 million) worth of VAT.
Malta's gaming industry accounted for over 12 percent of the nation's economy in the first half of 2017.
Comments
FILE - In this March 4, 2015 file photo, Illinois Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner speaks at an event in Springfield, Ill. Heated debates over income taxes and abortion funding in the state Capitol Tuesday, May 29, 2018, belied what legislative leaders said was a collegial negotiation over the full budget which made lawmakers optimistic they could complete their work by Thursday's deadline. Seth Perlman, File AP Photo
This was six years ago, before Joe Girard III became New York State's all-time leading scorer. Before he developed into a coveted Division I prospect and state championship-winning quarterback. Before he became a teenage celebrity in his own town.
At the age of 11, Girard won the 40th Elks National Hoop Shoot Contest, and a television station ran a piece on him. The premise: “Have we found the next Jimmer [Fredette]?”
That's when the hype began — at the ripe age of 11 — when Girard, a Glens Falls native, already was being hailed as the small upstate town's next superstar, following in the footsteps of Fredette, a former NBA player and BYU sharpshooter. It skyrocketed when Girard, as an eighth-grader, scored 31 points in his first varsity game, reminding his father of the pressure Fredette faced years earlier.
Remarkably, Girard has surpassed those insanely high expectations. This week, he took it to another level, passing Brooklyn's Lance Stephenson's 2,946 career points as the state's all-time leading boys' basketball scorer. And he did so as a junior, with plenty of games left. Girard had 2,952 points after scoring 44 in the game in which he broke the record.
“It's just been crazy,” the 6-foot-2 guard said in a phone interview. “My phone gets so hot because there are so many notifications coming in I have to turn it off.”
The achievement, however, has set off a debate over how deserving Girard is of the record, considering Glens Falls High School is a Class B school — the third highest in state classifications — while Stephenson's school, Abraham Lincoln, was Class AA, the top classification. Girard, a three-star prospect, has read the criticism on social media, and brushes it off. If anything, it only pushes him to score more.
“They have the right to voice their opinion, but it fuels my fire,” said Girard, who is averaging an absurd 49.6 points, seven rebounds and six assists in 16 games this year. He has led Glens Falls to a 14-2 record and has hit more than 400 3-pointers in his high school career.
Those close to Girard understand the questions, but will point out he isn't your typical small-school star. It's not as if he passed Stephenson in the last game of his career. He's going to wind up putting quite a large amount of distance between them.
If it was so easy to wrack up huge point totals, why haven't other players done so, his father, Joe Girard Jr., wondered. Unlike Stephenson, who was physically superior to most high school opponents, Girard is known for his sweet jump shot.
He plays elite-level AAU basketball as part of the Albany City Rocks team that competes on the prestigious Nike Elite Youth Basketball League (EYBL) circuitand qualified for Peach Jam last summer.
He has played up in age with them the previous two years, excelling on a team full of Division I prospects, and was top five in the EYBL in 3-point percentage and 3-pointers made last year.
City Rocks coach Jim Hart will follow his players during their high school seasons, and they will rarely follow huge games with other prodigious performances. Girard, though, never seems content.
“He has a killer mentality,” Hart said. “His mental focus and preparation is different. He's probably got zero heartbeat or sweat before games. He's never going to shy away from the bright lights or the big moment.”
After all, he now has scholarship offers from the likes of Michigan, Oklahoma, Washington, Syracuse and St. John's. Duke and Villanova have expressed interest. He has been offered the chance to play both football and basketball by Tulane and Massachusetts, though he has yet to decide if he wants to attempt to do so.
One college coach declared Girard a no-doubt, high-major prospect capable of making an impact at the next level.
“He shoots it off the catch and the dribble. He's tougher than leather,” said the coach, who wasn't sure if Girard can be a point guard at the next level, believing his skill set is better suited off the ball, and raised concerns about his inability to defend.
Toughness shouldn't be a question. Like Stephenson, Girard was expected to be great before he stepped onto a high school basketball court. Everyone was gunning for him. On the football field, he has led Glens Falls to a 24-1 mark as its starting quarterback, and was named the New York's Class B football Co-Player of the Year this winter.
It's hard for him to be a normal kid. After games, there will be a long line of fans waiting for him to sign autographs and take pictures. He can hardly walk around Glens Falls without getting stopped.
None of it, however, has slowed him down. He's embraced the pressure.
“I have all eyes on me,” Girard said. “I can't mess up.”
Coaches from St. John's and Duke were at the Archbishop Molloy-Christ the King game in Middle Village on Friday night that was televised live on ESPNU.
St. John's will play host to the entire Christ the King team for Saturday's game against Duke at the Garden, highlighted by top junior target, four-star forward Kofi Cockburn, and elite freshman forward Moussa Cisse. The Johnnies will also have five-star juniors Bryan Antoine and Scottie Lewis of the Ranney School (N.J.) and local sophomores Zed Key , Gary Grant and Nate Tabor , among others, as visitors for the game.
The NFL confirmed it is reviewing whether the Seattle Seahawks followed proper concussion protocol with quarterback Russell Wilson.
An NFL spokesman said Friday that the league is conducting a “thorough review” of whether the Seahawks followed the protocols when Wilson was sent off the field in the third quarter of Seattle's 22-16 win over Arizona.
Wilson was hit in the chin Thursday night by Karlos Dansby, who was flagged for roughing the passer. Referee Walt Anderson sent Wilson off the field. But Wilson was in Seattle's injury tent for only a few moments and he missed just one play.
“I was just trying to move my jaw. I was like, ‘Ah, man, it's stuck,'” Wilson told ESPN.com. “I think I was kinda like laying down on the ground for a second just trying to get my jaw, and I think Walt thought maybe I was injured or something like that. I told him I was good, I was good, and he said, ‘Come off the field.'”
The team can be subject to league discipline if concussion protocols are not followed properly.
Kevin Myers Source: Graham Hughes/Rollingnews.ie
RTÉ's MORNING IRELAND was ‘unfair' in describing journalist Kevin Myers as a Holocaust denier, according to a decision on a complaint by the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland (BAI).
The decision was officially arrived on last Thursday.
A complaint by a member of the public had been lodged with the BAI concerning a statement made by a presenter on the flagship RTÉ weekday programme in late July 2017, which saw Myers referred to as a ‘Holocaust denier'.
That assertion stems from a series of articles written by the columnist in 2009 for the Belfast Telegraph and Irish Independent newspapers, in which he took umbrage with the application of the word ‘Holocaust' with regard to the genocide of European Jews during World War II.
In those articles, Myers referred to himself as a “Holocaust denier”, with his chief issue being the use of the original Greek word itself, stating that there was no single ‘holocaust' as the genocide in question took many forms.
The complainant asserted that Myers was not disputing that genocide had taken place, merely the semantic implications of the word ‘Holocaust' itself, and cited a number of references on Myers' behalf that had been made in the aftermath of the furore, including by the Jewish Representative Council.
Distortion
They also said that no senior member of the Irish Jewish community has described Myers as a ‘denier', and that to describe the writer as such would amount to ‘an absolute distortion of the facts'.
“The complainant adds that Mr Myers has written many times about the Holocaust and the suffering of the Jews and that it is ridiculous and offensive to label him as (a) ‘Holocaust denier',” the decision reads.
The 2009 article had come to the fore at the time as a result of Myers writing (and subsequently losing his job with the Sunday Times over) a column dealing with the gender pay gap seen at the BBC, with particular reference to Jewish female presenters Claudia Winkleman and Vanessa Feltz.
In defending the complaint, RTÉ stated that in describing Myers as such its presenter was merely using “Mr Myers' own words”.
“The broadcaster maintains that if he is being referred to around the world as a Holocaust denier, it is because he described himself as such,” the broadcaster's response reads.
In considering the complaint, the BAI had regard to the obligations set out in its own code of fairness, objectivity and impartiality, which require the presentation of “views and fact in a way which does not misrepresent those views or facts or render them misleading”.
“It was the opinion of the committee that these obligations had not been met in the broadcast,” the BAI said.
While noting that Mr Myers had described himself as a ‘Holocaust denier' in a typically provocative newspaper article that he had written, it was evident from the article as a whole that his description did not in fact amount to a statement denying the genocide of the Jewish people at the hands of the Nazi regime.
Rather, the article was a comment on how language is used and the criminalisation of individuals or groups who engage in Holocaust denial.
The BAI considered that the presenter's description of Myers was “considered to lack fairness to (Myers) and… misrepresented his views in a manner which would likely mislead audiences as to his views”.
Accordingly, the authority decided to uphold the complaint.
The full decision can be read here
DUBLIN, Ohio – His comeback bid has stalled a bit in recent outings after an electric few weeks in Florida in March, but a return to a venue that has been among the friendliest to him since he turned professional might facilitate another run at his first victory in five years.
Tiger Woods is back in the Memorial Tournament for the first time since 2015. He owns a record five wins at Jack Nicklaus' Muirfield Village Golf Club, including his last in 2012 highlighted by a spectacular chip-in on the 16th hole in the final round that Nicklaus himself called, “the most unbelievable gutsy shot I've ever seen.” That victory was No. 73 on the PGA Tour, which happened to tie him with the tournament host for second all-time behind Sam Snead.
“He had to rub it in my face right here, didn't he?” the Golden Bear quipped, laughing.
Jack owns the last laugh, however. Or at least the most recent. Woods' visit three years ago included a 13-over 85 he posted in the third round , the highest score of his career.
“It is what it is. I tried and unfortunately that's all I had,” Woods recalled Wednesday at Muirfield Village after playing in the pro-am with former standout NFL quarterback Peyton Manning, a spokesman for Nationwide, the tournament sponsor.
“I think I've had two or three rounds in the 80s in my career, and, unfortunately, that was the highest one I've ever had,” he added. “It didn't feel very good. I tried and unfortunately on this golf course hitting it as bad as I did it just wasn't good enough.”
Expectations are that Woods will improve significantly in his 16th appearance here when he tees it up at 8:26 a.m. EDT Thursday with defending champion Jason Dufner and world No. 3 Justin Rose, the 2010 Memorial winner who is coming off his second win of the season at last week's Fort Worth Invitational.
Since returning to the tour in January at the Farmers Insurance Open after a difficult 2017 that included spinal fusion surgery in April and a DUI arrest on Memorial Day, Woods has performed exceptionally on the golf course. He nearly won the Valspar Championship in Tampa in just his fourth start, finishing T-2, and he followed with a T-5 at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Installed as one of the betting favorites at the Masters, he ended up well off the pace, one of three starts outside the top 25. But the former world No. 1 arrives at Muirfield Village on an upswing after an encouraging effort at the Players. Woods rallied to joint 11th after closing with weekend rounds of 65-69 at TPC Sawgrass.
Nicklaus, impressed by Woods' comeback, said he wouldn't be surprised if the 14-time major winner climbed into contention this week. But is he ready to win again? It's been nearly five years, since the 2013 WGC-Bridgestone Invitational at Firestone Country Club in Akron, Ohio, his 79th tour title.
“We all have to learn how to win again,” Nicklaus said, recalling how he did just that when he captured his sixth green jacket in the 1986 Masters. “I holed a couple of putts [in the final round at Augusta], and all of a sudden you remember, particularly if you've been a champion at one time, you'll remember and you have that to draw on. That's what I had to draw on. Tiger has it to draw on. But he has got to get through the barrier of not having done it for a while. When you haven't won, that always happens and that's human nature. But when you got a guy that's as good as he is and as competitive as he is, he'll break through that barrier.”
Woods, who has returned to the top 100 in the world (83rd) and is 13th on the tour in scoring with a 69.988 average, couldn't disagree with the assessment.
“Well, I think that it's understanding what it takes to finish it off and get a W',” he said. “I've been on runs where it just came pretty easy, and other stretches where it was very difficult. To me this is a little bit different, because I'm coming back off of not really playing for a while. And I remember the feelings when I was at Valspar, I had a chance to win there, finished second. It really felt comfortable. The last few times that I've had a chance, I've been up there on the board, I've felt very comfortable. Hopefully, I can just shoot the low round when I need it.”
Perhaps it will be this week. Phil Mickelson, his fiercest rival the past two-plus decades, insists it's only a matter of time. “He's healthy and playing at an extremely high level, and I think not only will he win again, but I think he'll win more majors,” the popular left-hander said. “The only thing that could have held him back is injuries, and that's exactly what has held him back.”
Woods' last major victory was 10 years ago, at the 2008 U.S. Open at Torrey Pines, when he weathered excruciating pain from a bad knee and fractured leg. It's difficult to fathom that a decade has elapsed since that indomitable performance. So much has happened to him since then. So many good young players have come along to help fill the void, albeit not so much that Woods' comeback hasn't generated universal excitement among the sporting public and the media machine.
“The last couple years have felt like a very long time [ago since 2008]. I have not felt very well the last few years, and it seemed like, a second seemed like 24 hours. I was struggling for a while. The last couple years that definitely felt a little more like 10, 20 years. But the last 10 years have gone by quickly.”
"Time flies when you're having fun, or sometimes when you're not having fun, too," Nicklaus said. "I don't think Tiger has had a lot of fun the last 10 years. I would hate to have been through what he's been through, because he's been through a lot. But I think that he is a tough competitor, he's a hard worker, and he's still driven. So that's why I've never counted him out.”
Even when Woods himself wasn't sure if his career was over. Which makes his latest comeback one that he is simply trying to enjoy, whether or not he ever rediscovers the winning touch.
“Last year in September I didn't know. I just didn't know if I would ever be able to do it again,” he mused. “I was just hoping to be able to walk again without hurting, be able to sit down again without having this burning pain down the leg. That went away, but I didn't know if I would be able to play golf out here. My surgeon said, yeah, I would be able to play golf and play weekend rounds with my buddies, but whether or not I could play on tour would be another story, and that was a big leap. To somehow be out here now doing it again, it's a blessing.”
July 3, 2018
Tina Jezek smiles through the window of the new greenhouse being built at Immaculate Conception Catholic School to replace an aluminum structure destroyed by a wind storm. (NTC photo/Lance Murray)
DENTON — Keep Texas Beautiful recently named Immaculate Conception Catholic School in Denton as the winner of the statewide Sadie Ray Graff Educators and Educational Institution Award for its program that encourages environmental learning.
The seeds for Immaculate Conception's program were sown 11 years ago as a school recycling effort with the help of a Keep Denton Beautiful Environmental Education Grant. Since then, Immaculate Conception has grown it into a multifaceted environmental program that gives students a real-life experience.
“We are blessed to have a wonderful community liaison with Keep Denton Beautiful who shares our common vision of stewardship of God's creation,” Elaine Schad, principal of Immaculate Conception, said.
The program not only includes recycling, but also a large garden, composting, design and construction techniques, service learning through a faith focus, outdoor learning, a buddy program, and sustainability, she said.
“With our mission of developing the whole child to serve God and to serve others, we wanted our students to apply their practical gardening skills throughout their lives, so we expanded our focus to our service-learning garden,” Schad said.
Since 2010, the program has been run by Tina Jezek, school environmental recycling and sustainability coordinator. Jezek is a certified Texas organic gardener. She is assisted in the program by teacher Natalie Paulus.
“My involvement with the school garden program started in 2009 when my son did his Eagle Scout project. He installed an underground irrigation system and 15 raised beds for the school garden,” Jezek said. “I joined the Immaculate Conception School staff in 2010. Since I had a vested interest in keeping my son's Eagle project going far into the future, and having a large amount of experience in gardening, I created an outdoor classroom experience for the school.”
The learning experience is hands-on for roughly 200 students.
“The program is primarily gardening, landscaping, and composting. Almost every class from pre-K through eighth grade are involved in tasks such as weeding, planting, watering, adding compost, mulching, and harvesting,” Jezek said.
Immaculate Conception Catholic School students prepare for the spring planting. (photo courtesy of Immaculate Conception Catholic School)
“The students learn about the entire life cycle of the plants, from planting the seeds, watching the seedlings break through the soil, measuring growth, watching blooms appear, seeing the bees and insects pollinate the blooms, seeing the blooms change into vegetables, and finally harvesting the crops for distribution to the local soup kitchen, Our Daily Bread,” she said.
Schad said making gardening, environmental education, and hands-on experiences available to children can have a positive impact on them.
“Research shows that having a school garden results in significantly increased science achievement scores, increased respect for nature that lasts into adulthood, and increased willingness to improve nutrition.” Schad said. “As the projects have been developed, classroom teachers have become more comfortable with their level of knowledge about gardening and the environment.”
Schad said the crops grown in the garden include squash, watermelon, pumpkin, okra, turnips, tomato, cabbage, herbs, and flowering plants that encourage the opportunity for the plants to be pollinated.
“Approximately 350 pounds of fresh produce is delivered to the soup kitchen annually from our vegetable garden,” she said. “In addition, some of our elective classes include teaching our older middle school students to cook and food preservation techniques.”
With the help of students, the program is also building a new greenhouse to replace one that was destroyed during a storm. Seventh- and eighth-grade students are building the shelving for the inside of the greenhouse and installing polycarbonate panels on the outside.
“All grade levels will be able to start plants from seed and house them in the greenhouse until time for introducing them to the garden in the spring,” Jezek said. “With the help of a grant from Keep Denton Beautiful, a solar panel system will be purchased and installed to supply the needed energy for keeping the greenhouse warm in the winter and cool in the summer.”
Elaine Schad and Tina Jezek at the gate to Mary's Garden at Immaculate Conception Catholic School in Denton. (NTC photo/Lance Murray)
Schad said that “all students will gain more in-depth information about seasons, planting, proper soil selection, fertilizing and composting, and maintenance of their garden,” once the greenhouse is completed.
Immaculate Conception received the award in June at the Keep Texas Beautiful state luncheon in Austin. It was the only educational institution recognized.
Schad said the award recognizes “the efforts of educators and educational institutions who encourage youth involvement and promote the Keep Texas Beautiful mission through environmental education.”
“The big idea is that every child will know that what God created is just very precious — very precious,” Schad said. “And, how can we utilize our very limited resources — that we actually need knowledge to allow us to do that — and for us to be cognizant of being very respectful of what God has given us.”
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Ag groups push for UK-AU free trade agreement
Key segments of Australian agriculture believe that Brexit creates an "unprecedented opportunity" to lift exports to Britain, and potentially generate significant new export earnings from products as diverse as beef, lamb, rice and wine. Source, The Sydney Morning Herald.
LONDON: Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman kicked off the third leg of his foreign tour on Monday with a visit to the United States.The trip follows visits to both Egypt and the UK earlier this month, which led to a string of political and economic agreements signed between the kingdom and two of its key allies.But the visit to the US aims to build on what is possibly Saudi Arabia's most important relationship, one which has been strengthened with the arrival of Donald Trump in the White House.The Royal Court said the crown prince had left Saudi Arabia and that during the visit he will meet Trump and a number of officials “to discuss bilateral relations and issues of common interest,” Saudi Press Agency reported.The meeing with the US president will take place on Tuesday for talks, the White House, said.Christopher Henzel, the Charge d'Affaires at the US embassy in Riyadh said he was confident Trump and the crown prince would “enjoy open and candid discussions on a variety of issues.”High on the agenda is Iran, and how to rein in its influence in the Middle East - something both men believe is one of the biggest threats to the region.Trump has threatened to scrap the 2015 deal between Iran and international powers intended to curb its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief.“The United States is focused on neutralizing Iran's destabilizing influence and constraining its aggression,” Henzel added, in an opinion article in Monday's Arab news.The Crown Prince warned in an interview with CBS's 60 Minutes program aired on Sunday that if Iran was able to develop a nuclear weapon, Saudi Arabia would “follow suit”.Norah O'Donnell, who conducted the interview, the first by the crown prince with an American broadcaster, told Arab News that no subjects were off topic - perhaps a precursor to the frank conversations that will take place between the Saudi delegation and US leaders and business people in the coming days.“It seemed to me that there was a desire to show the American public what he believes, to show that Saudi Arabia is changing. The crown prince wants the US audience to understand him,” O'Donnell said.The crown prince's sweeping social and economic reform program has been met with a groundswell of optimism in Washington. Many in the foreign policy establishment are keen to find out more about the heir to the throne and details about his domestic and foreign agenda.“Mohammad bin Salman has started a hugely positive cultural reform program in Saudi Arabia, particularly the theological struggle to return the Kingdom to its roots in moderate Islam,” Jim Smith, who served as the US ambassador to Saudi Arabia between 2009 and 2013, told Arab News.“Winning that war of ideas, and succeeding in the other major policy challenges, depends not only on the crown prince's leadership but also on how good the team that he has assembled around him is, and how strong the institutions they build together are.”
FARMERSBURG, Ind. (WTHI) – The Sullivan County Sheriff's Office and Indiana State Police investigators are still looking for justice for 51-year-old Jeanette Benson.
Benson was murdered in 1981 in her Farmersburg home after returning from grocery shopping in Terre Haute.
Jeanette's husband Emory, was at work in Terre Haute at the time.
Investigators say they've exhausted many leads over the last 36 years.
Unfortunately, they haven't been able to develop sufficient information for an arrest.
However, Sheriff Clark Cottom says over time, relationships change.
He says it isn't uncommon that someone with information could come forward to help bring closure to this senseless murder.
If you know of any information concerning Mrs. Benson's murder, contact the Sullivan County Sheriff's Office at 812-268-4308 or the Indiana State Police at 765-653-4114.
News 10's Lacey Clifton is speaking to Sullivan County Sheriff Clark Cottom about the case.
She'll have more tonight on WTHI.
Despite the New Orleans Saints' having a bad season, quarterback Drew Brees continues to make his statement as to why he's one of the best in the league. He's is arguably not the best QB in football history, however, there are many reasons as to why he'd be chosen over other QBs in this era.
Mastering the Cards He's Dealt
For starters, despite tough situations, playing from behind, and loud stadiums housing intense crowds, Brees almost, always finds a way to pull out a win. Topping that, he's managed to put up a constant 30 to 40 points in multiple games with a defense that's been playing poorly in two out of the last four seasons. They were 27th overall this season and 29th in 2013.
Brees also holds ownership of a super bowl ring unlike some of the other top QBs residing in the league. He was drafted into the NFL in 2001 by the San Diego Chargers in the second round. His championship ring came in 2010 against the Indianapolis Colts.
Quarterback Names (No Rings) Year Entered Overall Record (W-L) Carson Palmer 2002 89-87 Tony Romo 2003 80-53 Philip Rivers 2004 101-83 Alex Smith 2005 80-59 Matt Ryan 2008 85-61 Matt Stafford 2009 51-59
Brees are throwing with the best
Only five QBs have thrown for over 5,000 or more yards in a single season. Bree has done it for five seasons (2008, 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2016). He is also sitting in second place on the most wins list for active QBs, right behind Patriots Tom Brady.
Quarterbacks Record (W-L) Tom Brady 205-61 Drew Brees 137-105 Ben Roethlisberger 134-166 Eli Manning 115-94
Future Hall of Famer
[embedded content]
The humble Brees play with confidence every time he hits the field. He's determined to please the Saints' fans, giving his all, whether they win or lose. Brees may not be retiring anytime soon, but when that day comes it'll be one to remember. He will be known for his perseverance, motivation and talent. Brees will go down in history as one of the greatest.
More from Who Dat Dish
This article originally appeared on
You will surprise people by your moderate behavior today. You are even prepared to listen to those whose opinions you disagree with. Are you feeling okay? The influence of Venus is making you more mellow than usual. Enjoy it while it lasts.
Watch tense closing stages as second seed Caroline Wozniacki is beaten 6-4 1-6 7-5 by Ekaterina Makarova in the second round at Wimbledon.
MATCH REPORT: Wimbledon 2018: Caroline Wozniacki beaten by Ekaterina Makarova
Available to UK users only.
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United winger Stuart Dallas has sought to defuse fan anger over a photograph taken of the club's players in the dressing room ahead of Saturday afternoon's 4-1 defeat at home aganst Cardiff City.
The Whites were second best in front of the home fans at Elland Road and were 3-0 behind and down to ten men by half time. They pulled a goal back nine minutes into the second half, but Cardiff were never troubled and added a fourth two minutes from time.
After the game a photograph of the players in the home dressing room was widely shared by fans on social media. It showed players mostly on their phones and not interacting with each other.
Fans were angered by what they saw, but Dallas insists that the photograph was from well before the game and when kick-off looms no phones are permitted to be used in the dressing roon.
@dallas_stuart @Lasogga10 @Ronaldo_Vieira8 @miimosaa lads how do you think us as fans feel seeing this. It's a joke. Look at that banner in the background!! We deserve better pic.twitter.com/yu1Pw5dRGY — Sam Jackson (@samjackson23) February 3, 2018
He took to Twitter to write: "It's [the photograph] 4 hours before kick-off.
"Once we've had our meeting there are no phones allowed."
Dallas was backed up by Leeds skipper Liam Cooper.
The defender wrote, in answer to a Leeds fan: "Understand the frustration but photo taken from someone on a tour at 11.15am. We check our phones before we go into pre-match at 11:30.. All phones are banned from 13:30.. Don't believe other individuals perception Karl, We win the game this picture is never seen.. You know that." [sic]
Leeds are currently enduring a poor run of form and sit rock bottom of the Championship form table over the last six games.
Thomas Christiansen's men have taken just two points from their last six league games, winning none of them.
It's 4 hours before kickoff. Once we've had our meeting there are no phones allowed. — stuart dallas (@dallas_stuart) February 3, 2018
Nearly a year before Roseanne Barr blamed “Ambien tweeting” for a racist post that led to the cancellation of her ABC TV sitcom, Elon Musk waxed poetically on Twitter about the “magic” that comes from mellowing out on red wine, a vintage record and “some Ambien.”
Yes, the record was Miles Davis, the Tesla CEO assured one user in his cocktail hour post, while disputing another's view that “Ambien tweeting is a dangerous game.”
ambien tweeting is a dangerous game — Sam Altman (@sama) June 7, 2017
It's curious that Musk would deny that it's not a good idea to tweet while under the influence of the popular sleep aid by cheekily replying, “Once you add the vintage record player, it's all good.”
Just seven months earlier, in November 2016, Musk acknowledged that “tweeting on Ambien isn't wise.” Musk, who has recently been raging against journalists on Twitter, didn't specify why mixing Ambien and social media was problematic. But it's safe to assume that he must have experienced some difficulties himself, or knows people who did.
Whatever the situation, Musk wouldn't be the only person on social media to encounter difficulties with Ambien's side effects. He also would be one of a small number of celebrities who have associated bad or abnormal behavior with their use — or misuse — of the drug.
Barr's claim that her 2 a.m. racist Twitter taunt of former Barack Obama aide Valerie Jarrett was caused by Ambien made the drug a no. 1 trending topic on Tuesday and Wednesday.
“Not giving excuses for what I did (tweeted) but I've done weird stuff on Ambien — cracked eggs on the wall at 2 a.m., etc.” Barr wrote in the avalanche of tweets she posted, then removed, in an eight-hour tweet storm after her show was cancelled.
Following Barr's Ambien excuse claim, social media was filled with stories from people revealing bizarre things they did while under the influence of the drug. However, people were quick insist that the drug never caused them to say or do anything racist.
Sanofi, the company that produces the drug, issued a statement to the media, insisting that “racism is not a known side effect” of Ambien.
Well-known side effects include dizziness, headaches, impaired judgement, abnormal thinking and behavior changes, according to the drug's FDA level.
“Some of these changes may be characterized by decreased inhibition, similar to effects produced by alcohol,” the label reads. People using Ambien may also experience blackouts and loss of time, with the FDA saying that using the drug and drinking alcohol, including Musk's recommended red wine, can increase the risks of abnormal behavior.
As for the risks of taking that abnormal behavior to social media, Dr. Rachel Salas, an associate professor of Neurology in the Sleep Medicine Division at Johns Hopkins Medicine, told USA Today that people “could text or tweet while on Ambien and not remember.” For that reason, she tells people to avoid sleeping near their phone or electronics while taking the medication.
Other celebrities who say the drug caused abnormal or disturbing behavior include Sen. Robert F. Kennedy's daughter Kerry Kennedy. She blamed Ambien for a drugged-driving incident in 2012, USA Today reported. Ambien also was one of the drugs found in Tiger Woods' system after police found him asleep in his car in the middle of a highway last August.
Ambien also was trending on Twitter in March, after two-time Oscar winner Sean Penn's dazed, spacey behavior while appearing on “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert.” Penn admitted to Colbert that he had taken Ambien to help him get to sleep after taking a red-eye flight.
It's become widely speculated that President Trump's infamously incoherent “covfefe” tweet from 2017 was the result of taking Ambien, according to the New York Daily News.
His doctor, Ronny Jackson, confirmed during a press conference in January that Trump occasionally takes Ambien, the Daily News said.
The tweet, which only read, “Despite the constant negative press covfefe,” was posted at 12:06 a.m., the New York Times reported. Perhaps Trump then fell asleep, but the post stayed up for nearly six hours, bewildering the nation, before Trump removed it.
In fact, one of the people warning Elon Musk about the dangers of mixing Ambien and social media in June 2017 wrote: “Ambien tweeting might be where covfefe was born from. Lol”
Paul Schrader, the director and screenwriter of “Taxi Driver” and “Raging Bull” fame, came clean last year about why it's not a good idea to mix Ambien with writing on social media.
In 2016, he penned a late-night Facebook critique of then President-elect Trump while taking Ambien, washed down with red wine, according to the Hollywood Reporter.
In the missive, Schrader dubbed the Trump presidency “a call to violence” and suggested “we should be willing to take up arms. Like old John Brown.”
Schrader quickly deleted the post, with its reference to the 19th century abolitionist. But that didn't stop two plainclothes officers from the New York Police Department's Counterterrorism unit from paying him a visit.
“A couple of cabernets and half an Ambien, and God knows what you'll post,” Schrader told the Hollywood Reporter after the incident.
The Senate will delay the confirmation hearing for secretary of...
President Trump said Tuesday that Dr. Ronny Jackson, his embattled nominee to head up the Department of Veterans Affairs, shouldn't have to endure the aggravation of going through a partisan confirmation hearing — adding that if it were him, he'd bail on the offer.
“I said, ‘You know what Doc? You're too fine a person.' I said, ‘What do you need it for?'”
The president praised Jackson and said he would leave the decision up to him about pursuing the nomination — but then said that he was reluctant to encourage Jackson, who had been accused of drinking on the job to continue seeking the gig.
“I don't want to put a man through a process like this. It's too disgusting,” Trump said.
“If I were him, actually, in many ways I would love to be him, but the fact is I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. What does he need it for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country? I really don't think personally he should do it, but it's totally his decision,“ Trump said.
Earlier, the White House stood behind Jackson despite the allegations that he drank on the job and a Senate committee's indefinite delay of a confirmation hearing that had been set for Wednesday.
Trump spokesman Hogan Gidley praised the nominee, Jackson, the president's doctor who also served as White House physician to ex presidents Obama and George W. Bush.
Gidley said Jackson had a record of “strong decisive leadership” and was “exactly what's needed at the VA” — a huge federal agency comprised of 360,000 employees who care for 9 million veterans.
Jackson, a Navy rear admiral and favorite of the president's since giving reporters a glowing assessment of the commander-in-chief's physical and mental health after his annual check-up, has no management experience.
Montana Sen. Jon Tester, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Veterans Affairs committee, wanted the hearing postponed due to multiple claims of a hostile work environment, excessive drinking on the job and improperly dispensing meds.
Multiple reports citing administration sources said Jackson was never vetted before the president announced his surprise nomination.
Veteran Groups questioned the pick, noting that Jackson had no experience with the VA.
“Donald Trump nominated Ronny Jackson without vetting him, and now a number of red flags may derail his nomination. Trump's sloppy carelessness in picking someone to run veterans affairs shows the low regard he has for us veterans and our care,” tweeted the group VoteVets, which encourages veterans to run for political office and has been blocked by the president on Twitter.
Amanda Maddox, a spokeswoman for the upper chamber's Veterans Affairs Committee, cited growing questions from lawmakers over Jackson's qualifications as reason for the hearing's delay.
Trump picked Jackson to head the VA last month after firing former Obama administration official David Shulkin following an ethics scandal and mounting rebellion within the agency.
But Jackson has faced numerous questions from Republican and Democratic lawmakers about whether he has the experience to manage the massive department.
With AP
Why it matters to you Besides just being insanely cool to watch, you're going to want to keep your drone grounded during a storm after this.
What happens when you cross a drone with a lightning bolt? In an experiment that would probably make Benjamin Franklin both proud and a bit jealous, the University of Manchester's High Voltage Laboratory and YouTuber Tom Scott decided to experiment with electricity and a DJI Phantom 3 drone. Not only did the drone instantly fall out of the sky, but a second attempt to direct the strike with a lightning rod actually made the quadcopter worse off.
The experiment uses the University of Manchester's High Voltage Lab with a 2 MV impulse generator to conjure up a lightning strike on demand. University staff VDr. Vidyadhar Peesapati and Dr. Richard Gardner set up the lab to create a lightning strike rated at more than 1 million volts of electricity.
For the first experiment, the drone was tethered to keep it in place but otherwise flew like the Phantom would be used under normal conditions. Lightning strikes and the drone instantly drops from the sky. There is no visible damage to the exterior but the team said that all of the internal electronics were fried since the electricity took the path of the least resistance. In slow motion, you can watch the lightning enter one end of the drone and shoot out of the bottom.
But what if the drones was a bit more protected, perhaps with a lightning rod to divert the brunt of the damage away from the quadcopter? The team rigged a second drone with a piece of conductive copper tape as a sort of makeshift lightning rod, becoming one of the tallest points on the drone.
They reset the lightning machine, zapped the new drone — and the propellers blew completely off. While the first experiment only damaged the drone on the inside, instead of taking to the copper tape, the lightning favored the propellers. The group said the sheer force of the strike took the propellers off before taking a path through the drone's internal circuits, leaving the second “protected” version worse for wear.
While the experiment is incredible to watch, it also carries scientific significance. The group says that similar research has led to changes in piloted airplane design but little has been done to see how the unmanned aerial vehicles fare in a lighting storm. Small drones typically don't fly in storms because the wind seriously drains the already short battery life, but as waterproof variations begin popping up, drone flight becomes less of a fair weather activity.
The team's recommendation? Keep drones grounded during lightning storms if you don't want a few thousand dollars worth of equipment to go up in one zap.
Eatery enshrines table where Obama and Bourdain dined That's one way to make a meal last. The owners of a restaurant in Hanoi, Vietnam where former president Barack Obama and celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain feasted for $6 have...
The complex economics of NYC's food hall glut Proliferating food halls are a rare bright spot in a limping retail leasing scene. Health clubs and fast-casual eateries help make up for the scarcity of traditional stores, but food...
Anthony Bourdain continues to support girlfriend Asia Argento The "No Reservations" host has been vocal in his support of women who've leveled accusations of sexual harassment.
Anthony Bourdain goes after Hillary over Weinstein comments “And I have to say, Hillary's interview with Fareed Zakaria was shameful in its deflection and its disingenuousness,” the celebrity chef said.
Bourdain supports Asia Argento after Weinstein accusations The celebrity chef's girlfriend, Asia Argento, was interviewed in the New Yorker piece about Harvey Weinstein.
Teen cancer patient plans Bourdain-style foodie road trip Some people live to eat, while others eat to live. Ali Allouche does both. Allouche, a 17-year-old Virginia foodie who is currently undergoing treatment for bone cancer, has just begun...
Anthony Bourdain and Asia Argento are ripped They must be staying away from the pasta and gelato while on vacation in Italy.
Google has given its Android Open Source Project (AOSP) website a considerable makeover, making it much easier on the eye and much more user-friendly too. The update brings it in line with Google's own Material Design guidelines, improves the mobile view, and introduces new top-level tabs to improve navigation.
Previous design: Out with the old
This is the place to go for those who want to customize and port their own build of Android. As well as offering the Android source code itself, the website also contains vast amounts of instructional information. The overhaul has included a reorganization of content to allow for easier browsing and searching. Surprisingly, given the subject matter, the mobile browsing experience wasn't the friendliest before. Now, with a dedicated mobile view and responsive design, the site looks great on whichever device you choose to view it. Even on a desktop, it is much better looking, filling the full width of the screen and using larger, more legible type.
The site's previous design had a decidedly Android 4.4 KitKat feel to it, so it's good to see it finally brought up to speed. The security section has also been pushed to the fore in the new navigation — according to Google, this mirrors its ever-increasing focus on keeping the Android platform safe going forward.
Led by advances in its two main business lines, HP on Tuesday reported gains in its second-quarter earnings and sales, and named a new finance chief for the personal computer and printing industry company.
Following the stock-market close, HP said it earned 48 cents a share, excluding one-time items, on revenue of $14 billion in its second quarter, compared with a profit of 40 cents a share, on $12.4 billion in sales during the same period a year ago. HP's earnings were in line with expectations of Wall Street analysts, while its sales exceeded analysts' estimates of $13.57 billion.
HP took over the PC and printing businesses of the old Hewlett-Packard when that company split in two in late 2015. HP said that during the second quarter of this year, its sales from PCs reached $8.76 billion, up by 14 percent from a year ago, while printing revenue climbed by 11 percent, to $5.24 billion.
Get tech news in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the free Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter.
HP also named Steve Fieler as its new chief financial officer. Fieler, who is currently the company's treasurer and head of corporate finance, will replace long-time HP executive Cathie Lesjak. For her part, Lesjak will become HP's interim chief operating officer until her planned retirement in early 2019.
Related Articles Alexa hits the desktop in new HP Envy PC In addition to reporting its quarterly results and CFO change, HP said that for its third quarter, it now expects to earn between 49 cents and 52 cents share, excluding one-time items, and for its full fiscal year, it is forecasting a profit in a range of $1.97 to $2.02 a share, up from its earlier estimate of earnings between $1.90 and $2 a share.
HP's shares edged up by 0.6 percent, to $21.43 in after-hours trading following the release of the company's results.
An image of a very pregnant Donald Trump being held by Russian leader Vladimir Putin plastered on the side of a building in Chelsea.
New Yorkers were treated to a picture of a very pregnant President Donald Trump carrying the baby of Vladimir Putin Tuesday night.
The interesting image, which shows the Russian leader caressing him and kissing his shoulder, decorated the side of a building on 14th Street and Eighth avenue and a second building on North 6th Street and Wythe Avenue in Brooklyn.
Hater displayed the photo to promote their app using the hashtag #LoveThroughHate. The New York City-based dating app helps users find love through mutual dislikes.
"I'm scared of what's in that belly," said reddit user WikiThreadThrowaway. Another user called the photo "one of the greatest love stories of the 21st century."
Onlookers got a few laughs as they walked through Chelsea and Williamsburg on Valentine's Day.
Top Celeb Pics: Berlin International Film Festival
Controversial Breitbart News editor Milo Yiannopoulos will be the keynote speaker at the Conservative Political Action Conference, according to a report.
Yiannopoulos, 32, will share the stage next week with Veep Mike Pence, White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz.
COLUMBUS, Ind. (WISH) — One woman is hoping to raise awareness about autism after her son wandered off from home and ended up in a retention pond.
It happened Sunday near North Talley Road and Victory Drive in Columbus.
Paula Arnold told 24-Hour News 8 she is very grateful for people in the community, who called 911 and for the officers, who rescued her son from the retention pond.
She believes had it not been for their training it could have been a different story.
Arnold said she was upstairs changing and left her 12-year-old son downstairs for a couple of minutes. Her house was locked and secured.
“He had pulled up the window and pushed out the screen after that happened a neighbor had knocked on my door and said Paula your son got out the window,” she said.
Several people called 911 after seeing a boy running near traffic at 25th Street and Lockerbie Drive. Arnold said her son Caleb made his way to a retention pond nearby.
“Caleb was at no way stressed at all, he loves water,” she said. “He stumbled across this. He was actually very happy to be swimming.”
But responding officers wanted to make sure he was okay.
“The water is murky. We do not know what's at the bottom. If it was like sludge and if he kept walking, he would have gotten sunken under and we might have been talking about a drowning,” she explained.
Arnold rushed to the scene and met with two officers.
“He asked me ‘are you the mom?' I said ‘yes.' Is he sensitive to touch, which is a really good question, somebody had training in autism to ask me that question,” she said. “At that time, I said ‘no.' So, they had no sirens on, which Caleb has a sensory disorder. Any raw sounds will upset him.”
Arnold said she gave them the OK to pull her son out of the water and took note of their demeanor. She believes their training saved her son's life.
“They did not get aggressive with Caleb, they just restrain. They did not throw him down. They did not pepper spray him. They did everything textbook for someone with autism.”
Arnold and her son got a chance to sit and meet with Officer Tony Kummer. He was one of two officers who responded to the scene. The Columbus Republic shared pictures with 24-Hour News 8 showing the reunion late Monday afternoon.
“Thank God for Columbus because I really believe this might not have happened in another county,” she said.
Police said Captain Brian Wilder also responded to the call. He was actually off duty and just happened to be near the area.
As for the training, police said officers receive training every year on how to interact with people who have autism.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, File). FILE - In this Aug. 15, 2016 file photo, three of Deepwater Wind's five turbines stand in the water off Block Island, R.I, the nation's first offshore wind farm. Deepwater Wind said Wednesday, May 30, 2018, it will creat...
By JENNIFER McDERMOTT
Associated Press
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - A Rhode Island company is going to build a wind farm that will be 10 times the size of the nation's first offshore wind farm.
Deepwater Wind says the new 400-megawatt wind farm will also create more than 800 jobs and result in $250 million in investments in Rhode Island.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo and other officials visited the Port of Providence on Wednesday for the announcement.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island announced offshore wind projects last week aimed at delivering a combined 1,200 megawatts of energy, enough to power about 600,000 homes.
Deepwater Wind also built the nation's first offshore wind farm off Block Island, Rhode Island. It has five turbines. With this latest project, the company plans to build up to 50 turbines south of Martha's Vineyard.
"It is an enormous clean energy machine," Deepwater Wind CEO Jeff Grybowski said. "It will displace about 650,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide every year. It is one of the most consequential clean energy projects in the history of the northeast United States. And we're going to build it and deliver that at low cost."
Grybowski said he couldn't say exactly what the price of the energy will be because Deepwater Wind must negotiate a contract with utility company National Grid. He said it would be competitive with traditional sources of fuel and a "game changer" in replacing those sources.
The company says it will take about 800 people and roughly $1 billion to build the wind farm. Another 50 permanent jobs will be created.
The $250 million investment in Rhode Island includes $40 million in port infrastructure improvements to position the state for future offshore wind projects.
Raimondo called it a fantastic day for Rhode Island because of the amount of clean energy that will be produced and the number jobs created. She said Rhode Island can be an epicenter for the offshore wind industry. She said she thinks some of the companies that make turbines will eventually move to the state.
"This is big. This is about as big as it gets," she said.
Deepwater Wind didn't ask for tax credits for the project, called Revolution Wind.
Both the Rhode Island and Massachusetts wind farms, which the states describe as a collaborative effort, will be located south of Martha's Vineyard. The Vineyard Wind project will be Massachusetts' first offshore wind farm.
Local construction on the Revolution Wind project could start in Rhode Island in 2020 with commercial operations by 2023. The turbines are expected to generate enough energy to power more than 200,000 homes, or about half the homes in Rhode Island.
The wind farm will be in a 256-square-mile federal lease area. Deepwater Wind plans to build 15 turbines in that same area to supply renewable energy to Long Island, New York.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
This US Student Was In A Coma When North Korea Released Him
University of Virginia student Otto Warmbier had been jailed for trying to steal a propaganda poster during a visit to the country
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Flagstaff House Communications
2017-10-06
Some students line up to express their appreciation to President Akufo-Addo
Hundreds of residents, first year students from several senior high schools, technical and vocational institutions from the three Northern Regions lined up along the principal streets of the Regions to express their appreciation to the President of the Republic, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, for the implementation of Free Senior High School policy.
Holding aloft placards with inscriptions such as “We are beneficiaries of Free SHS”, “Thank you, Mr. President”, “President Akufo-Addo, the visionary leader”, “Free SHS is a blessing to Ghanaians”, “Ghana is working again”, “In 9 months, promises fulfilled”, “We need NPP in power for 50 years”, ‘We now have a competent President”, amongst others, the students were ecstatic, and literally held the convoy of the President hostage, as he made his way into the Northern Regions.
Earlier on Wednesday, 4th October, 2017, upon his entry into Bolgatanga, several hundreds of Free SHS beneficiaries from the Bolgatanga Girls Senior High School gave the President a rousing welcome into the Upper East Region.
Again, upon his arrival in the Northern Region, and on his way to Nalerigu to pay a courtesy call on the Nayiri, Naa Bohogu Abdulai Mahami Sheriga, students from the Walewale Vocational Institute, Walewale Secondary Technical School, Gambaga Senior High School, Nalerigu Senior High School, lined up along the streets of Walewale, Nalerigu and Gambaga to welcome the President.
The Nayiri in his welcome address to President Akufo-Addo on Friday, 6th October, 2017, summed up the outpouring of joy by students and parents who met President.
“I wish to express my appreciation and gratitude for the many good things and support you have done to benefit my people and the country at large. The government under your able leadership needs to be commended for the numerous pro-poor policies rolled out within the few months into office.
Policies such as the Programme for Planting for Food and Jobs, free fertilizer, Free SHS, restoration of teacher and nursing trainee allowances will help reduce poverty in Ghana,” the Nayiri said.
It will be recalled that on Tuesday, 12th September, 2017, President Akufo-Addo, at the West Africa Senior High School, launched the Free Senior High School policy, in fulfilment of the New Patriotic Party Manifesto pledge of 2016.
Parents and students, as a result of the Free SHS policy, no longer pay tuition fees, admission fees, library fees, science centre fees, computer lab fees, examination fees and utility fees. Additionally there are free textbooks, free boarding and free meals, and day students get a meal at school for free.
The Policy also covers agricultural, vocational and technical institutions at the high school level. Government has also outlined a well-thought out plan that involves the building of new public Senior High Schools and cluster public Senior High Schools.
En route to Damongo first year students from the Pong Tamale Senior High School and Savelugu Senior High School also came out in their numbers to welcome President Akufo-Addo.
The gesture was so impressive, user @_KingNeek shared the photos on Twitter, where it's gone viral. "When I zoomed in on homeboy's legs I started dying 'cause that's real dedication to make sure your girl has a great picture, and we all need someone like that in our lives," she joked to BuzzFeed News.
Image caption Police at the scene of the crash last month
Police have made a fresh appeal for information about a crash on the A835 near Garve on Sunday 24 June.
Lachlan Brown, 21, from Killen, on the Black Isle, died at Raigmore Hospital in Inverness following the crash.
His blue Volkswagen Bora was involved in a collision with a green and white Peugeot Boxer van.
Police have sought information on a white Volkswagen Scirocco seen at the time of the crash, but not involved in the collision.
The crash happened at about 18:30 between Tarvie and Garve.
eBay (NASDAQ: EBAY) will report its first-quarter earnings on Wednesday and investors shouldn't expect anything dramatically different from the mid-single-digit growth we have seen the past several quarters. The important items on the agenda will be hearing what management has to say about its current initiatives to position the company for long-term growth in a tough competitive landscape.
Continue Reading Below
The Amazon problem
The brick-and-mortar retail industry has been struggling with low-growth or even declining traffic while Amazon.com (NASDAQ: AMZN)just keeps growing and growing taking away significant chunks of market share.
Retailers are finding it very difficult to compete with the speed and convenience of Amazon Prime and its two-day free shipping option. Once you sign up, you are compelled to shop Amazon first to make the $99-per-year subscription fee worth it. One research survey by Deutsche Bank AGfound that Prime customers' spending increases 100% after signing up.
Image source: eBay Inc.
It could be too little, too late, but eBay will finally offer fast delivery options for millions of listed items. Later this summer, eBay plans to release new filtering options on its website to help buyers easily find items with a one-day or two-day delivery window. Also, eBay will release a new feature that guarantees three-day shipping, or less, on 20 million items across the marketplace. Millions of these items will ship for free.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
This still lacks Amazon Prime's breadth of selection with fast shipping options, but more online shoppers are expecting free and fast shipping today thanks to Amazon's growing influence so there's no question eBay's new filtering options for fast delivery is designed to thwart the encroachment of Amazon's reach across the entire retail spectrum.
The new shipping features were just announced on March 20 by CEO Devin Wenig on the company's blog, so expect to hear more about this on this week's earnings conference call.
Structured data progress
Structured data has been eBay's main strategic initiative to attract customers. To help buyers find items more easily, management has been focused on organizing data from the millions of listings posted on its marketplace using artificial intelligence. Wenig recently wrote on the company's blog how structured data will make eBay a more personalized shopping experience for each user:
Using structured data — a transformative step to drive discoverability of our vast inventory, insights into supply and demand, pricing trends, among other things — and artificial intelligence, we're creating a shopping experience that is tailored to each eBay user's interests, passions and shopping history. With more than one billion items from new, to nearly new to vintage, we're making shopping on eBay all about you, instead of a one-size-fits-all approach.
eBay is on the right track here given the success other retailers have reported with personalized shopping. Nike‘snew SoHo store in New York has had great success with a more personalized shopping experience. Customers are given one-to-one attention by employees and have easier access to the product they are looking for. Lululemon Athleticahas also reported success with its own personalized shopping experience in its stores.
As Amazon continues to grab chunks of market share of total online retail sales, it is imperative for other retailers to rethink how to best serve customers. Customers today desire faster, affordable shipping options with an easy online/mobile shopping experience.
Clarifying the brand message
Another strategic pillar for eBay is redefining and clarifying what eBay stands for in the competitive landscape. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, eBay advertised on TV for the first time in two years. After early efforts to “sharpen and amplify the eBay brand, we saw good traffic growth from new eBay users in our key markets, which is a positive early sign,” according to CEO Devin Wenig (transcript via Seeking Alpha).
In the near future, management will begin marketing the new brand message worldwide across TV, social media, and outdoor displays.
Positioning itself as a retailer
The initiatives of structured data and brand messaging are part of eBay's mission to position itself more as a retailer. This might sound backward given the problems of the industry, but it's what eBay needs to do to compete.
With millions of items for sale on eBay's website, it's important for the company to organize these items as regular inventory to better understand what it's selling and to better connect users with those items. As more items are processed with structured data, and the brand is better defined, eBay will be able to market items around important retail moments like Christmas shopping and other important retail holidays.
Management's guidance
Based on previous guidance, the recent initiatives will not make dramatic changes overnight for the company and we should expect to see more single-digit growth on the top line. For the first quarter, management has guided for currency-neutral revenue growth of 4% to 6%. Earnings per share are expected to be flat year over year in a range of $0.46 to $0.48.
Of course, if eBay fails to meet these expectations, the stock likely won't be treated kindly by the market. But assuming there are no negative surprises, all ears will be on what management has to say about the future.
10 stocks we like better than eBay
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and eBay wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
John Ballard has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, eBay, Lululemon Athletica, and Nike. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The Montgomery County Coroner released information about the man who was found dead near the Great Miami River Friday.
Someone called the police just after 12:30 p.m Friday to report the body near the Monument Street Bridge and when police arrived at the scene they confirmed a man was dead near the river.
READ MORE: Man found dead near Great Miami River identified
The coroner identified the man as 59-year-old Samuel Logan of Dayton and said he died of multiple blunt force trauma.
The Montgomery County Coroner's Office is still looking into the manner of his death.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
Narcotic violation
On Thursday, Nov. 30, at 1:46 a.m., a car was stopped on Route 107 and Umpawaug Road for a headlight violation. After speaking with the operator — Dean Rapp of Weston, 23 — the officer smelled a strong odor of marijuana coming from inside the vehicle. Rapp was asked about the odor and denied having any drugs in the vehicle.
The officer had Rapp step out of the vehicle to conduct a search. While searching, the officer found under the front driver's side seat a plastic Ziploc bag containing a green, leafy substance. The substance tested positive for marijuana — it contained .26 ounce.
Rapp was issued an infraction complaint ticket for operating an unregistered motor vehicle and for possession of less than one-half ounce of marijuana.
Failure to appear
On Sunday, Dec. 3, at 11:42 a.m., Keith Innes, 34, who lives in Torrington but is formerly of Redding, was arrested for larceny in the second degree on a PRAWN warrant that originated in Redding on June 24, 2010. At the time of the arrest, he was being held on bond by the Torrington Police Department.
Stats:
Total calls: 141
Animal control investigation: 3
Assault: 0
Untimely death: 0
Assist EMS: 14
Assist fire: 1
Home and business alarms: 12
Missing person: 0
Motor vehicle accidents: 8
Suspicious person/vehicle: 3
Crisis intervention: 1
Well-being check: 0
Traffic offenses
NEW YORK — Former New York Knicks star Charles Oakley has officially been cleared of misdemeanour assault charges stemming from a scuffle with Madison Square Garden security guards last year.
The New York Post reports that a Manhattan judge dismissed the charges Friday. Oakley and prosecutors had agreed to a deal last August that the charges would be erased if Oakley stayed out of trouble for six months.
Oakley's lawyer, Alex Spiro, says Oakley has been “completely vindicated.”
Oakley played for the Knicks from 1988 to 1998. But he's had a rocky relationship with the team in recent years.
The onetime star was accused of striking a security guard during a game on Feb. 8, 2017.
Oakley has filed a lawsuit against Knicks owner James Dolan alleging that he was the one assaulted.
——
Information from: New York Post, http://www.nypost.com
Japanese Game Show Challenge Is A Metaphor For Life Japanese game shows aren't just entertaining, sometimes they are a mirror that reflects the trials and tribulations of life. In this case, that mirror is covered in oil. Watching these contestants...
Swedish Bachelor Party Ends With A Flying Chicken And Burning Panda Suit This Swedish bachelor party has everything you could ever want – a drunken groom-to-be, a panda suit, a bonfire, and one chicken who probably has no idea what's going on. With...
Kid On His Way To Becoming America's Next Great Physical Comedian This kid is the Mr. Bean of spinning obstacle courses. Instead of wasting time trying to conquer the spinning arms, he's going with the blows and using them to his...
Cosplayer Goes Super Saiyan With A Hoverboard The creator of this video has found the true purpose for the invention of the hoverboard. It's not for Mike Tyson and pop stars to roll around on while attempting to...
Scientist Risks His Life To Prove That Gravity Works In this edition of “X-Treme Scientists,” a Norwegian physicist free-falls while attached to a zip line with a weighted ball on the other end. His bet is that the momentum of...
Japanese Ad Proves That Shooting Nets At Thieves Is The Best Way To Stop Them America could take some tips from Japan in the home and office safety department. This ad for an anti-burglar net launchers proves that with a large enough hiding spot for...
Steve-O Turns Himself Into A Human Torch To Pop A Balloon With The Slo-Mo Guys The only way to make popping a balloon by lighting your hand on fire, doing a backflip, and spitting palm oil to ignite it look even cooler is to film...
You Can't Get Any Closer To Intergalactic Action Than A Jedi With A GoPro Billywarp1 takes us as close to the Intergalactic mayhem as possible with his latest video of a Jedi with a GoPro camera. From crushing TIE fighters to dueling with Stormtroopers, the action...
Baby Panda Won't Let Lack Of Coordination Keep Him From Being A Daredevil This baby giant panda isn't going to let something as small as a lack of coordination keep him from taking a slide down the grassy knoll in his habitat. He's...
Of course millennials are now using avocados to propose Once you've gotten into “proposal shape” and hired a photographer, it's time to make a Whole Foods run. The latest way to pop the question is by opening up not...
'Shark Tank' judges go gaga for avocado eatery Avocados are so hip these days that even the hard-ass entrepreneurs on ABC's “Shark Tank” were ready to talk shop with Alessandro Biggi, the Modena, Italy-native owner of Avocaderia. His...
Avocados have nearly 'cured' this girl of epilepsy A 5-year-old girl has almost been cured of severe epilepsy after being put on a diet which involved eating thousands of avocados. Leafy Liu was born with a brain disorder...
Holy guacamole! — Giant avocado sets world record It's the guac of the town! This avocado, at five pounds, 3.6 ounces is officially the world's heaviest, Guinness World Records confirmed this week. Hawaii resident Pamela Wang was on...
Taste-testing the crazy, new seedless avocado It's not the pits in the United Kingdom. Last week, the posh UK supermarket Marks and Spencer began selling a special avocado that has no pit, freeing Brits from the...
Millennials, rejoice: Seedless avocados are here Finally, a solution to the injury that plagued us all in 2017. Avocados without pits are now being sold in the UK, as a way to cut back on the...
Woman thinks this avocado is the world's biggest KAILUA-KONA, Hawaii — A Hawaii woman is waiting to hear back from Guinness World Records to find out if the massive avocado she snagged is the world's largest. Pamela Wang...
Behold, a very millennial Christmas tree ornament If there's one thing millennials love, it's avocado toast: eating it, Instagramming it and, now, hanging it from their Christmas trees, in the form of a new ornament from Sur...
Avocado Rat is Brooklyn's hipster version of Pizza Rat Manhattan has Pizza Rat — and now Brooklyn has Avocado Rat. The hip rodent was filmed carrying the fad brunch item in its mouth along the subway tracks at the...
Gaga is currently at Coachella. She performed live over the weekend and she is also out there filming a movie with Bradley Cooper called ‘A Star Is Born'.
Warner Bros. Pictures, the company producing the film, announced that the singer is going by Stefani Germanotta for the role.
According to Warner Bros., filming is now underway on the movie, which will feature Cooper as Jackson Maine, a fading country star who discovers Ally, a talented nobody played by ‘Stefani'. The two start an affair, but when Jackson makes Ally a star, he can't handle the fact that her fame is surpassing his own. The movie opens September 28, 2018.
One NBC-promoted Olympic star wilts under the pressure Chloe Kim, Mikaela Shiffrin, Nathan Chen. Those were the three names that were going to dominate NBC's Olympic coverage over these two-plus weeks. Kim made the most of her moment,...
US women outslugged by Canada in likely gold medal game preview The Americans and Canadians pushed, shoved and grabbed each other, sometimes from behind, sometimes mask to mask, and bodies were crashing to the ice repeatedly in front of the net....
One Long Island luger still could come home with Olympic medal Long Island still has one more chance to have an Olympic medal brought home in luge. Team USA's Justin Krewson, of Eastport, and Andrew Sherk finished eighth (1:32.652) in doubles...
Perv USA gymnastics doctor sentenced to 60 years in prison GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. — An elite Michigan sports doctor who possessed child pornography and assaulted gymnasts was sentenced Thursday to 60 years in federal prison in one of three criminal...
Raisman embraces her role as advocate for abuse victims The people come forward to Aly Raisman almost daily now. Random strangers. Men and women of various ages, races and backgrounds. They see the six-time Olympic medal winning gymnast out...
Barbie makes first hijab-wearing doll modeled after an Olympian Barbie has just rolled out a new hijab-wearing doll as the latest addition to Mattel's “Shero” program.” The doll is modeled after American-Muslim Olympic fencer, Ibtihaj Muhammad, who made history...
Aly Raisman calls out 'sexist' body-shamer on Twitter If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say it to Aly Raisman. The 22-year-old gymnast called out an unnamed male Wednesday on Twitter following an uncomfortable interaction in...
SPORTS
Kenyan sports betting operator SportPesa has reopened its sponsorship wallet following the government's proposal to amend its controversial gambling tax hikes.
On Monday, SportPesa announced a flurry of local sponsorship deals, including resuming its longtime relationship with the Kenyan Premier League (KPL), two top KPL clubs (Gor Mahia FC and AFC Leopards), and the Football Kenya Federation (FKF). The total value of the sponsorships reportedly equals Sh682m (US$6.8m) over three years.
Speaking on Monday, SportPesa CEO Ronald Karauri celebrated his company's new sponsorship deals, saying “our brand is associated with sports; it is time to come back to where we belong.” FKF president Nick Mwendwa wished SportPesa's contribution was larger than it was, but acknowledged that “it will still go a long way to help us in many areas.”
The KPL title sponsorship alone cost SportPesa Sh85m per year, roughly Sh5m per year less than SportPesa had been paying prior to scrapping all its local sports sponsorships in January after the government hiked the company's betting revenue tax rate from its former 7.5% to 35%.
The tax hike was part of the government's plan to harmonize all gambling taxes (betting, gaming, lotteries and prize competitions) at a uniform rate of 35%. However, since this imposed significant cost burdens on Kenyan operators, SportPesa announced it would look to cut costs elsewhere, including its high-profile sports sponsorships.
While SportPesa and some other Kenyan operators mounted legal challenges of the new tax law, they have also pursued a dialogue with the government regarding a more sensible tax program. Those efforts appeared to bear fruit late last week when National Assembly Majority Leader Aden Duale introduced a new bill that would reduce the uniform tax rate to 15%.
However, the operators' gain may prove to be punters' pain, as the government plans to offset the reduced collections from gaming operators by resurrecting a plan to impose a 20% tax on all gambling winnings. Operators would be required to deduct this 20% at source before paying out any winnings.
The proposed tax cut for operators is anything but assured, and Karauri noted that SportPesa hadn't renewed all the sponsorships it scrapped in January, choosing instead to “support the ones we think we can sustain as long as the tax remains as it is.”
Comments
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic --Select-- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
China's breakneck push to lead the world in electric-vehicle adoption may cause collateral damage among the legion of domestic carmakers deemed superfluous to that mission.
A flurry of manufacturing and technology alliances plus an investment in Daimler AG by auto magnate Li Shufu valued at 7.3 billion euros ($9 billion) point to the urgency among Chinese carmakers to bulk up their new-energy vehicle businesses before the rules of the road change.
President Xi Jinping's administration is implementing NEV production quotas, targeting a seven-fold increase in NEV sales and considering a ban on gas guzzlers as China tries to clear the air in polluted cities and cut its reliance on imported oil. Carmakers that can't keep pace may not be around for long, and that applies to the biggest state-owned companies as well as smaller, regional manufacturers.
Workers assemble electric cars on the assembly line at an auto plant in Guizhou province. Photographer: Imaginechina via AP Photo
“Ultimately, if you cannot compete in NEVs, you will have difficulty surviving,” said Janet Lewis, a Tokyo-based analyst at Macquarie Group Ltd. “SOEs are likely to be under pressure to acquire weaker players.”
A December partnership between state-owned carmakers China FAW Group Corp., Dongfeng Motor Corp. and Chongqing Changan Automobile Co. may be the start of consolidation, according to JSC Automotive Consulting. The trio signed a pact to cooperate on technology development, seeking new business models and outbound investments.
Add that trio to SAIC Motor Corp., China's largest by sales; Guangzhou Automobile Group Co.; and BAIC Group, and the government has enough carmakers to meet its goals, according to Jochen Siebert, Singapore-based managing director of JSC Automotive Consulting.
That means a separate quartet of domestic rivals -- collectively worth more than $17 billion -- has no independent future and likely will be folded into other government-owned companies, Siebert said. The companies at risk include China's biggest passenger-car exporter, Chery Automobile Co.; Hong Kong-listed Brilliance China Automotive Holdings Ltd.; Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Group Corp.; and Jiangling Motors Corp.
“They will be merged with big SOEs at some point,” Siebert said. “From the central government point of view, there is no need for any other SOE automakers.
Bloomberg
Representatives for Chery, Brilliance, Anhui Jianghuai and Jiangling didn't respond to emails seeking comment. FAW, Dongfeng and Changan are still discussing how to cooperate, Dongfeng Chairman Zhu Yanfeng said.
Dozens of niche manufacturers and fledgling startups also could be bought or go out of business because they don't have enough scale or money to produce new models, said Nannan Kou, a senior associate at Bloomberg New Energy Finance in Beijing who focuses on electric vehicles.
Under rules taking effect next year, companies making or importing at least 30,000 traditional vehicles annually must achieve an NEV credit score equaling about 10 percent of the score assigned to their total output or import volume. Different types of NEVs receive a different amount of credits.
Manufacturers missing that quota will have to buy credits from other carmakers or face fines.
“The smaller ones will find it hard to survive,” Kou said. “A lot of these automakers just modify cars or produce unknown models in local markets.”
Last year, about 15 domestic companies sold fewer than 10,000 vehicles each, according to statistics from the state-backed China Association of Automobile Manufacturers. Those ranks include China UFO Auto and Beijing Automobile Works Co.
Electric automobiles being charged at an underground parking lot in Beijing. Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg
As emissions standards tighten and engines become more technologically complex, some companies may not be able to afford to keep current.
“Smaller OEMs will not be able to shoulder the burden,” Siebert said, using the acronym for original equipment manufacturers. “By 2025, most of the smaller players will be gone or merged into the larger OEMs.”
Already the biggest electric-car market, China accounted for more than half of worldwide sales last year. Sales of all vehicles grew at a monthly clip of more than 20 percent in 2016 and 2017, according to data from the China Passenger Car Association.
China surpassed the U.S. in 2009 as the world's largest automotive market and in 2015 as the biggest NEV market. Still, sales by Volkswagen AG, General Motors Co. and other foreign automakers accounted for 56 percent of the passenger-vehicle market in China last year, according to the manufacturers association.
The growth coincides with an accelerating pace for industry mergers and acquisitions. Chinese automakers struck 274 deals valued at $29 billion in the five years through Dec. 31, spending most of it on domestic targets, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
“NEV development will change the situation and help create some big players and push some of them to huddle with others,” said Cui Dongshu, secretary-general of the passenger car association. “But it will still take quite a while.”
Li Shufu Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg
The five-year run of deals excludes billionaire Li's 9.7 percent stake in Stuttgart, Germany-based Daimler, the parent of Mercedes-Benz. Shufu is chairman of Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co., which controls Volvo Car AB and Hong Kong-listed Geely Automobile Holdings Ltd.
Geely expects to benefit from Daimler's investments in NEVs and online services. Li this month reiterated a plan to make NEV sales account for 90 percent of his company's total sales by 2020. NEVs include electric vehicles, plug-in hybrids and fuel-cell vehicles.
The pace of future mergers depends on how fast EVs take over China's roadways, Kou said, adding that it could happen by 2025. The government set a sales target of 7 million NEVs by then, up from more than 1 million vehicles in 2018.
Even state-owned FAW and Dongfeng may combine because they've been slow to develop their EV strategies, and their domestic brands don't sell well, he said.
“There will be further mergers, especially among the SOEs,” Kou said. “The EV is sweeping through the whole industry. The challenge is how these corporations adapt.”
— With assistance by Angus Whitley, Ying Tian, and Yan Zhang
LONDON — A dramatic ball gown, or a classic, simple silhouette? Sleeves, or bare shoulders?
With less than a month to go until she marries Prince Harry at Windsor Castle on May 19, Meghan Markle most likely has already chosen her wedding dress — though what it looks like is expected to remain a top secret until the last minute.
Whoever the designer might be, Markle's shopping experience is sure to be vastly different from most brides out there. London's most upscale bridal retailers explain what it really takes to create a luxury gown fit for a royal wedding, and weigh in on whether Markle will go classic or embrace one of 2018's popular bridal trends.
——
THE SKY'S THE LIMIT
Royal brides don't generally pick ready-made dresses off the rail. Instead, Markle is likely to have commissioned an exclusive designer dress tailored to her shape and tastes — and chances are it will be handmade in Britain.
A luxury couture dress like that typically takes months of painstaking preparation and a small army of fitters and seamstresses, and can easily cost hundreds of thousands of pounds.
“If you were to commission a couture made dress, you need to have a lot of trust in the designer and a lot of money. Because the cost of the labour involved in making your dress is tremendous. You should expect to start from 30,000 pounds ($42,000) and keep going up to as much as 300,000 pounds,” said Caroline Burstein, owner of London's Browns Bride, which sells some of the most exclusive and stylish bridal wear in the capital.
It all adds up: Silks are very expensive, as are British labour costs. A top-quality bespoke dress typically starts with a consultation to explore what styles fit the bride, followed by precise measurements and several initial fittings done in a mock-up fabric, according to leading London bridal designer Phillipa Lepley.
“If it were a royal wedding we'd do maybe three fittings to make sure everything's to the millimeter, absolutely right,” she said.
Then comes the labour-intensive part: When seamstresses work on the embroidery artwork and lace. More fittings follow to decide details such as where exactly the neckline sits and how many layers of petticoats are needed.
“For a really exclusive dress it could take 60 hours plus (of labour), it depends on the embroidery. If it's embroidered all over we're talking hundreds of hours. The sky's the limit,” Lepley said. “It really is very old-fashioned and all done by hand. It's unbelievable how many hours things take.”
——
3-D PETALS OR CLEAN AND SIMPLE?
Romantic, soft and whimsical styles with 3-D details like petals are popular with many brides right now, experts say. But traditional shapes like a ball gown or a column silhouette never go out of style, and many who have watched Markle's style have a hunch she might go for something unfussy and streamlined.
“Ball gowns are forever popular, because they look so incredibly dramatic. If you can't make an entrance on your wedding day when can you?” Burstein said. “Lace is always a strong trend and at the moment you'll see a lot of 3-D petals that give the dresses so much life.”
Lepley said that she hoped Markle would choose “something not too over-designed.” She showed off one of her luxury duchess satin gowns with no embellishments, with just a striking picture collar framing the bride's face. “This would be amazing,” she said.
“I got a feeling she'd probably like to go quite straight and simple, but she might end up going much bigger because of the drama, the size of the venue,” Lepley said. “She's got to hit it just right hasn't she? Not too ornate, not the dress wearing her. She still needs to shine.”
Susan Courter, who runs WhatMeghanWore.net, a popular website identifying Markle's choice of apparel in each public appearance, agreed.
“I'm thinking there'll be clean lines, a tailored look, very chic. That's who she is,” Courter said. “I don't think there will be a lot of lace, maybe a little bit of whimsical touches to represent her personality.”
——
THE ROYAL EFFECT
There's no denying the huge effect royal weddings have on what brides everywhere want to wear.
Princess Diana's 1981 wedding gown, with its puff sleeves, romantic ruffles and dramatic train, defined the 1980s fairytale bridal look. More recently, when Kate Middleton married Prince William in 2011, the long-sleeved lace gown she chose sparked a trend for more covered-up, traditional bridal dresses that lasted for years.
“I think people tend to be, ‘Yes I want to follow that through, or I totally don't want to be like that at all,”‘ Lepley said of the royal effect. “You get a double reaction.”
Markle has already set herself apart from traditional royal style, ditching classic frocks for trousers on several royal engagements. If she picks something similarly bold for her wedding, it's sure to make a fashion statement, Burstein said.
“She may not go for a long dress at all, but a beautifully tailored dress and coat. That would send a huge message and no doubt there would be a dramatic shift in what a bride would choose after this wedding,” she said.
And as an established actress known for her love of fashion, Markle's wedding style will appeal to a broad audience — likely surpassing the “Kate effect,” Courter said.
“We've seen the frenzy with what she wears for all these engagements,” she said. “I can really see these brides are going to be running out and saying ‘I want that look, how can I get it?”‘
——
For complete royal wedding coverage, visit https://apnews.com/tag/Royalweddings
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Vixen can be adopted at Louisville Metro Animal Services. (Source: Facebook/LMAS)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Louisville Metro Animal Services is offering free pet adoptions, thanks to everyone to had their pets' photographed with Santa Claus over the holidays.
Friends of Metro Animal Services, the non-profit group that raises money for LMAS hosted the Pet Photos With Santa events in December.
>> PHOTOS: Adorable, adoptable pets from KHS
They donated $1,000 to be used for waiving adoption fees, beginning Tuesday.
Pets can be adopted at the Animal House Center, located at 3516 Newburg Road.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Dog rescued hours after fire, was believed to be dead
+ Local church hosts birthday party for 'Lost Boys'
+ Toddler hit by stray bullet on New Years Eve identified by family
Adoption fees will be waived on a first come, first served basis until the donated money runs out.
Click here to contact LMAS and learn more about their pet adoption process.
Copyright 2016 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Welcome to FTW's NASCAR Feud of the Week, where we provide a detailed breakdown of the latest absurd, funny and sometimes legitimate controversies and issues within the racing world.
This week's feud falls into the absurd/ridiculous category because there are few other ways to describe what exactly Kurt Busch's beef with teammate Kevin Harvick is.
It all stems from Sunday's Overton's 400 at Chicagoland Speedway. Kyle Busch — Kurt's younger brother — won his fifth race of the season, which ties Harvick for most victories by a single driver this year. Harvick finished third behind runner-up Kyle Larson while Kurt Busch remains winless this year and came in 17th.
So let's break down why Harvick and Kurt Busch are feuding, which all but ensures any team meetings at Stewart-Haas Racing this week will be a tad awkward.
Setting the scene
During the last lap of Stage 2 in the Overton's 400, Busch in the No. 41 Ford and Harvick in the No. 4 Ford were racing side-by-side, fighting for the stage win.
Why is that so important? New last year, NASCAR implemented stage racing, breaking up most events into three sections. The winner of the first and second stages earns one playoff point, while the winner of the third stage (also the race) gets five playoff points. These don't matter much now, but when the 10-race, 16-driver playoffs roll around in September, these midseason playoff points will hand drivers a solid boost against the competition.
So — presumably in Harvick's mind — it didn't matter that going into this weekend, he had accumulated 26 playoff points from race and stage wins — he was docked seven playoff points following violations in his Las Vegas win — and had the most of any driver. The more playoff points drivers accumulate, the greater advantage they have toward winning a championship. It's as simple as that.
How the end of the stage played out
Busch had the lead with Harvick chasing him down. Going into turns three and four, Harvick made a move on Busch on the outside of the track, and the No. 4 car appeared to make brief contact with the wall on its right side and with Busch on the left. Harvick ultimately slid slightly ahead of Busch to win Stage 2 and earn himself one more playoff point.
Following Sunday's race, Harvick has 27 playoff points and is second overall in the driver standings — which are based on regular-season points — while Kurt Busch is seventh in the standings and has two playoff points.
What a finish to Stage 2! @KevinHarvick passes Kurt Busch, and @DaleJr is EXCITED! Watch the end of the @NASCAR race on @NBCSN or stream here: https://t.co/w6xboM31lz pic.twitter.com/fymkY92rRC — NBC Sports (@NBCSports) July 1, 2018
How did Kurt Busch react?
The No. 41 Ford driver was furious with his teammate, claiming he was totally caught off-guard by Harvick racing him hard at the end of a stage.
In a brief, expletive-laced mini-rant over his radio at the end of the stage, Busch didn't hold back, criticizing Harvick.
“Really, really?! That's a teammate right there, everybody. Tune into NBC live, that's what a teammate does. Never expected that from a teammate. Never expected it. Wow.”
How did Kevin Harvick react?
Initially at the end of the stage, Harvick stuck his hand out the window, appearing to wave and give a thumbs up to Busch, who would have been on his left side. The No. 4 Ford driver didn't think much of it.
When the race ended, Harvick had this to say:
“I don't know why we would have a conversation — maybe you can tell me that. But I thought it was a good race there and just got a stage point.”
Before THAT finish, Stage 2️⃣ came down to the wire between the 4 and 41.@KevinHarvick didn't see anything wrong with the way it played out. pic.twitter.com/x7fjEw2sg9 — NASCAR (@NASCAR) July 2, 2018
Why is this ridiculous?
Kurt Busch is not a rookie in the NASCAR Cup Series, and this was not the first time he's been in a tight battle. He is in his 18th full-time season at the top of the sport and was the 2004 Cup Series champion.
He's been around the race track plenty of times to know that no one is going to budge an inch for him — not his teammate, not his brother, not even a rookie who's intimidated by him. Busch claims he didn't expect to have to race against his teammate, and that's a naive mindset appropriate for a newcomer, not a near-two-decade veteran.
Last year, 2017 Cup Series champ Martin Truex Jr. addressed this very subject about his then-teammate and rookie driver Erik Jones and overall race wins, but the same logic applies. Truex said:
“Nobody lets each other win. He's going to win some races. His turn will come. … “That's not how we race. Nobody out there races that way. Nobody is going to give a Cup win up. They're too hard to get.”
These guys are professional athletes who have made it to the top of their discipline, in part, because of their fierce competitive sides. And Busch should know better.
NEW YORK, N.Y. (WPRI) – After two decades, AOL has announced it will be retiring its iconic AIM messenger on Dec. 15.
In a statement on the company's website, Michael Albers, vice president of communications product, thanked the generations of users and said the company is excited to continue expansion into new products and services.
All good things come to an end. On Dec 15, we'll bid farewell to AIM. Thank you to all our users! #AIMemories https://t.co/b6cjR2tSuU pic.twitter.com/V09Fl7EPMx — AIM (@aim) October 6, 2017
“You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists,”Albers said. “AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed.”
Users of the messaging service, much beloved by children of the '90s and middle schoolers alike, are reminiscing about their experience with AIM on Twitter with the hashtag #AIMemories.
Lane Kiffin seems to be an easy target for jokes.
News that Kiffin will leave Alabama before the Crimson Tide play in the College Football Playoff title game set off Twitter fireworks Monday.
A quick summary wouldn't do the best tweets justice, though it would essentially be: The new Florida Atlantic coach and former Alabama offensive coordinator cannot exit a coaching job on his own terms.
Lane Kiffin Achievement Unlocked: Get fired from a job you've already quit — Rodger Sherman (@rodger_sherman) January 2, 2017
Lane Kiffin is the Benjamin Button of coaches. @RAIDERS to @Vol_Football to OC @CrimsonTide_FB to FAU. In 8 yrs he'll be Jr High PE teacher. — Tobin Dreher (@TobinDreher) January 2, 2017
The Lane Kiffin 30 for 30 is going to be epic. — Straight Cash Homey (@scashhomey) January 2, 2017
Lane Kiffin departures:
*Al Davis slide show in Oak
*Press conf circus at UT
*Left at airport at USC
*Booted before nat'l title game at Bama — David Hale (@DavidHaleESPN) January 2, 2017
Lane Kiffin's guide to burning bridges… pic.twitter.com/yFf41z9xZm — David Hale (@DavidHaleESPN) January 2, 2017
Once again, Lane Kiffin proves that he cannot leave ANY job without controversy! Maybe Al Davis was right… — Larry Burnett (@LarryBurnett) January 2, 2017
Lane Kiffin was so close to breaking his streak of awkward exits. https://t.co/gBCFDqjyGo — USA TODAY Sports (@USATODAYsports) January 2, 2017
Lane Kiffin, despite leading an offense to a 14-0 record, is too insufferable for Nick Saban. Let that marinate for a moment. — Dave Zirin (@EdgeofSports) January 2, 2017
Good to see the real #LaneKiffin again 😎 #scorchedEarthPolicy — The Doctor (@TheDoctor303) January 2, 2017
2 kinds of people:
One turns in the 2 weeks,leave on good terms Then the one who cant come back because of the way they left @Lane_Kiffin — @mrGREEN1017🇺🇸 (@mrGREEN1017) January 2, 2017
Remember: No matter how bad you think you are at something you'll never be as bad as Lane Kiffin quitting a job. #lifelessons — Chase Reed (@DaltonChaseReed) January 2, 2017
EL DORADO, Kan. (AP) — A man imprisoned for killing three suburban Kansas City women nearly three decades ago has lost his disciplinary appeal.
The Kansas City Star reports that Kansas Department of Corrections officials disciplined Richard Grissom Jr. for passing a sexually explicit note to a female corrections officer. Grissom is imprisoned at the El Dorado Correctional Facility for killing three young women who disappeared in June 1989.The bodies of Joan Butler, Christine Rusch and Theresa Brown have never been found.
The now 56-year-old admitted to writing the note. But he said the officer had asked him to write it — something she denied.
Grissom was sentenced to serve 30 days in segregation and fined $20. On Friday, a three-judge panel of the Kansas Court of Appeals denied Grissom's appeal of the disciplinary action.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Photo: Greg Williams
By Jon Wiederhorn
Heading into the 2018 GRAMMY nomination season, many expected Ed Sheeran to sweep numerous categories. While he was nominated for two GRAMMYs – Best Pop Solo Performance (“Shape Of You”) and Best Pop Vocal Album (Divide) — Sheeran isn't on the ballot for the biggest awards, including Record of the Year, Album of the Year and Song of the Year.”
Related: Ed Sheeran Trades Beer-Stained Shirt For Niall Horan Hockey Jersey
In a recent interview, Sheeran said he wasn't upset when he found out about the snub; in fact, he believes it was ‘meant to be.'
“There's a very clear reason why that happened and it's bigger than me, like much bigger than me. And like it's just something that, again, it was just meant to be,” he told Billboard. “That is the way that this year was meant to roll out.”
Sheeran added that he has everything going for him, and he has received numerous recent honors and accolades, so why complain?
“You know, I'm not dying. It's not like I'm never gonna be nominated for a Grammy again,” he said. “And I was nominated for two GRAMMYs. This is why everything's meant to be. The week after that, I get an MBE from the palace, I go Number One on Spotify, I go Number One on Billboard. I'm about to have my second ever Billboard Number One. Like, there are so many other things in the mix that counterbalance it.”
“That's just the way I live my life,” he concluded. “When one door closes, another door opens. You'll really, really send yourself mental if you think into things too much, and I'm just so easy-going when it comes to that.”
Friday's jobs report showed sharp wage growth, and the increase could be fueled in part by minimum wage increases in 18 states.
Average hourly wages jumped 9 cents, or 0.3%, to $26.74, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. That means wages have increased 2.9% over the last year — the biggest gain since the end of the Great Recession in June 2009.
The federal minimum wage is $7.25 an hour and hasn't increased since 2009. But many states and municipalities enacted laws to raise the wage this year. In California, the minimum wage went up 50 cents an hour starting Jan. 1 to $11 an hour. In some Bay Area and Silicon Valley cities where income inequality has soared, the minimum wage shot up to $15 an hour.
All told the new wage laws will create an additional $5 billion in annual wages for 4.5 million workers nationwide, according to the Economic Policy Institute, a nonprofit Washington, D.C think tank.
Some private companies have also moved to boost their workers' starting wages recently. Wells Fargo WFC, -2.20% hiked its minimum hourly wage to $15, up from $13.50 in 2017. Wal-Mart WMT, -0.99% will increase its starting hourly pay to $11 in the wake of the new tax law.
Don't miss: Trump's first State of the Union highlights economy — but what's the real state of the American wallet?
Advocates for low-wage workers have led efforts to raise the minimum wage to $15 in several cities, but some economists have argued that raising the minimum wage harms low-skill workers and leads to workers being replaced by artificial intelligence.
Minimum wage increases affect women in particular. Nearly two-thirds of minimum wageworkers in the U.S. are women, according to the National Women's Law Center. A woman with two children working full-time at the federal minimum wage would live near or below the poverty line in nearly every state, according to a 2017 analysis by NWLC.
The best-performing stocks in Australia aren't ones the resource-rich country is known for.
Technology companies have been the biggest gainers in the benchmark S&P/ASX 200 Index over the past year, with the sector up over 28 percent. Leading the pack are software maker Altium Ltd., whose market value has nearly tripled to A$2.9 billion ($2.3 billion), while New Zealand crossover Xero Ltd. and WiseTech Global Ltd. have almost doubled to A$4.8 billion and A$3.1 billion respectively.
Investors are rewarding one of Australia's fastest-growing industries, with profits for tech firms forecast to increase 38 percent this year. That's outpacing the nation's largest sectors -- earnings at the nation's scandal-plagued banks are projected to expand 9 percent while its mining industry, reliant on commodity prices, is expected to grow 31 percent.
“Banking's struggling, mining's been up and down,” said Guy Carson, head of Australian equity strategy at Tamim Asset Management in Sydney. The likes of Altium and WiseTech are “flying under the radar because these companies from the tech sector here, relative to the banking and resources sector, are very small companies.”
Miner BHP Billiton Ltd., Australia's biggest company with a market value of A$149 billion, is worth more than three times as much as the entire S&P/ASX 200 Information Technology Index. The sub-index represents just 2 percent of the benchmark, while financials cover about 36 percent, followed by materials at 18 percent.
The weighting also highlights a contrast with the U.S., where technology stocks, led by Apple Inc., have grown to represent a quarter of the S&P 500. But the Australian industry is growing faster for now.
‘Global Story'
“This is a global story,” Julia Lee, equity strategist at Bell Direct Pty. in Sydney, said about technology stocks. Australian investors are eyeing the sector's success in the U.S. and around the world, and are trying to replicate it at home, she said. Perhaps the best-known Australian tech company is Atlassian Corp. but its shares trade in New York, not Sydney.
Of the 12 tech stocks on the ASX 200, only two are in the red over the past year. However, some have become too expensive, Lee said. As a group, the Australian companies command a valuation of about 25 times forward earnings while their American peers trade at about 19 times.
Blowups
That makes the margin of error thin. WiseTech shares sank 23 percent in one session last month because investors were disappointed the logistics software maker didn't raise earnings projections. Other high-profile blowups have come from GetSwift Ltd. and Big Un Ltd., two stocks that aren't in the benchmark.
Tamim's Carson has been reducing holdings of stocks like Altium because he thinks they've become too expensive. Still, he's not soured on the industry, which represents 28 percent of his A$25 million portfolio.
“We're conscious that some stocks have probably run too hard and may have a pullback, but some of the smaller names we still think have plenty of upsides,” Carson said, pointing at the likes of utility software provider Gentrack Ltd., whose shares have climbed 82 percent in the last 12 months. “Technology is just going to become more and more important.”
Forget CrossFit, Spartan races and electronic stimulation — New York's hardest workouts come courtesy of the humble “glider.”
The discs, made of fabric, plastic or foam and used to slide side-to-side, first emerged during the Jane Fonda era of fitness. Now, New York's coolest trainers use gliders to supercharge classic moves and torch clients' muscles. Tone House incorporates them into its boot-camp-style classes, while bun-busting guru Stephen Pasterino has clients at his studio, P.volve, perform tiny, physical-therapy-inspired movements while using gliders.
“I think the '80s had it right!” says trainer Megan Roup, who uses gliders in her Sculpt Society classes at Project by Equinox, and recently launched her own set ($25 at meganroup.com). She says the discs allow for a wider range of motion, and their slippery nature creates instability, which jolts muscles into action.
“Of course you're going to be using your thigh muscles, your core and your glutes, but those small, stabilizing muscles have to kick in, too,” says Roup, who has clients perform lunges, squats and “windshield-wiper planks” while using her gliders. “Your muscles have to work a little harder.”
Trainer Latoya Julce, who uses gliders when working with clients one-on-one and in the 305 Fitness classes she teaches, says they aren't just for the ultrafit — Julce likes using gliders to train clients of all ages and fitness levels, as the forced instability can help strengthen muscles around the hip and sharpen reflexes. “It's great for preventing a fall,” she says.
But Julce cautions that exercisers need to ease into glider use. Moving too quickly or doing too many reps at a time can lead to pulled muscles.
Here are her suggestions for a modern glider workout.
Knees-to-belly plank
Works core and shoulders
Lower into plank position with hands directly under shoulders and one foot on each glider, hip-distance apart.
Bring feet together and pull knees forward, directly under the belly button.
Hold for one beat, then extend feet back into a plank with feet hip-distance apart.
Repeat for three sets of 10 reps.
Lunge
Works glutes, hamstrings and quads
Stand with feet together and soften both knees.
Extend the left leg directly behind you, with left foot on a glider. Keep right foot on the ground.
Drop down for two beats, until the left knee hovers just above the ground and right knee is bent into a 90-degree angle. Keep the right knee above the ankle — don't let it extend beyond the toes.
Rise back up for two beats, then return to standing with feet together. Repeat for three sets of 10 reps per leg.
Side Lunge
Works glutes, inner thighs, core and quads
Stand with feet together.
With hands clasped in front of the chest, pivot forward so the butt is extended back. Place a glider under the right foot, keeping left foot on the ground.
Squat hips down toward the ground, keeping the left foot and knee pointing forward. Keep the right leg straight, pushing the foot directly out to the side.
Hover to form a 90-degree angle with the left leg, then rise back to standing and bring feet to touch.
Repeat for three sets of 10 reps per leg.
WEST MONROE, La. (WFLA) – An 18-year-old Louisiana man faces charges for disturbing the peace after he allegedly cursed near a senior citizen.
The Ouachita Citizen reports Jared Dylan Smith was arrested on a disorderly conduct charge on April 8.
According to the report, the complaint stated: “While standing next to my 75-year-old complainant, Jared yelled the word ‘f***' and clearly disturbed her peace.”
No witnesses were present at the time.
Smith has reportedly denied the allegation. His bond was set at $200.
Louisiana law defines disturbing the peace as “addressing any offensive, derisive, or annoying words to any other person who is lawfully in any street, or other public place; or call him by any offensive or derisive name, or make any noise or exclamation in his presence and hearing with the intent to deride, offend, or annoy him, or to prevent him from pursuing his lawful business, occupation, or duty.”
If convicted, Smith could be fined up to $100 and may be required to spend up to 90 days in jail.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
A pilot for Southwest Airlines was busted Monday after entering an Albany airport with a loaded firearm in his carry-on bag, officials said.
The pilot was arrested on weapons charges when an X-ray machine at the airport's security checkpoint spotted a .380-caliber handgun loaded with six bullets inside his bag, according to the Transportation Security Administration.
The pilot was taken into custody and charged with criminal possession of a weapon, the TSA said. His name was not released Monday.
The incident was the second time in recent weeks that the TSA has discovered a loaded firearm in a passenger's luggage at Albany International Airport.
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — A budget proposal that puts a passenger train route that passes through Kansas at risk is raising concerns.
The Topeka Capital-Journal reports that President Donald Trump's budget calls for the elimination of federal subsidies for some money-losing long-distance train routes.
Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari said in an email that the final and full budget plan for Amtrak's federal aid hasn't been released.
But he confirmed that among “several services targeted” would be the Southwest Chief, which spans from Chicago to Los Angeles. It has stops in several Kansas towns, including Topeka, Lawrence, Garden City and Hutchinson.
Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins has voiced concern, saying that “infrastructure is vital to Kansas and rural America.” Kansas generates just shy of 50,000 passengers per year for Amtrak.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — On Monday evening, a large crowd filed into the City-County Council Building.
The flock of people wanted to hear Mayor Joe Hogsett's $1.1 billion budget proposal.
“This budget fuels our focus on building trust in the community,” said Mayor Hogsett as he addressed council and an awaiting crowd.
Plans outlined in the five-page document would add 86 IMPD beat officers, while roads, sidewalks and bridges would undergo a $120 dollar face-lift.
During his speech, Hogsett pointed out his budget is not only balanced, but it eliminates an annual budget deficit.
Indy's 49th mayor talked about the savings his staff found by revamping the city government.
Just before concluding his speech, Hogsett made a plea to both Democratic and Republican council members.
“I know that it can happen, I've seen the work we can do when we block out the noise of partnership, and focus on what's best for the city,” said Hogsett.
During Monday night's meeting, council members approved a living wage for city workers, raising the minimum wage to $13 an hour for all full-time city workers.
Workers could see a bump in pay starting in October.
In addition, the council took under consideration a proposal to help Carrier workers. Under the proposed plan, the city would move $1 million to help employees who lost their jobs at the Indianapolis plant.
Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem
Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season'
1:07
Project info
KRYPTOS, Greek for hidden, reveals an “imagined reality” encompassing disconnected scenarios, eluding narration. Themes at the root of humanity, the notion of memory and relationship to the photograph and the viewer are central to the series.
KRYPTOS pivots on the concept that memory is collective, fluid, and a never-ending process. Central to the portfolio are thousands of frames of found vintage film. Subjects and landscapes were curated, reprocessed, re-photographed, and reinterpreted to evoke timeless vignettes. By deliberately selecting deteriorating and damaged images I create a barrier between the moment's materiality and the viewer. Cinematic framing conventions add an additional filter through which we experience and appropriate these storyboards. The heightened use of color, a dark and moody palette,and haunting luminosity are meant to erase the specificity of the time and place and emphasize the timeless and universal nature.
As an unexpected voyeur and collaborator with an unknown filmmaker, I have taken what was most likely private footage - naive art - adding new layers of meaning. KRYPTOS - an alternate exploration of love, life, and death – invites the viewer to stop, gaze, and wonder. To join in the act of voyeurism that is KRYPTOS.
Let's pretend.
You're the coach of a basketball team. A real good team. In fact, a team so exceedingly talented that it sometimes seems bored. Your team especially has a knack for roaring out of the halftime locker room and overwhelming the suddenly pitiable opponent.
Double-digit deficit? No big deal. Hostile arena? Pshaw. Your guys simply flip a switch.
As a coach, is this Superman syndrome concerning to you? By that I mean, the expectation that all your players have to do is cram themselves into a phone booth, emerge with capes and an attitude, and turn into galaxy-beaters?
“I think you would be concerned about that,” said Mark Jackson, who played in the NBA for 17 seasons, coached (the Warriors) for three seasons, and as an analyst for ESPN will be covering the NBA Finals for the 10th time. “I'm sure that Steve Kerr is preaching the same message; that they can't continue to fall into these traps where they find themselves down at halftime to the point where they have to turn it on and play with a sense of urgency and climb back. To their credit, they do have that in their arsenal where they have the ability to make the proper adjustments, not panic and then take care of business.”
That arsenal allowed them to lead the NBA in third quarter scoring this season. It also allowed them to overcome a 17-point first quarter deficit in Game 6 of the Western Conference finals against the Houston Rockets. The Warriors trailed by 10 at the half, and embarrassed the Rockets 64-25 in the second half.
The formula worked again in Game 7, in which the Warriors trailed by 15 points in the second quarter. They trounced Houston 58-38 in the second half.
But the Rockets tugged on Superman's cape in Game 2, outscoring the Warriors 63-55 in the second half. Defense was a problem that night. And the Warriors were unable to flip the switch in Game 4 (shooting 35 percent while being outscored 25-12 in the fourth quarter), and in Game 5 (committing 11 turnovers while being outscored 53-49 in the second half).
The Warriors' come-from-behind proclivity is hardly new to sports. Silky Sullivan was a thoroughbred who specialized in scarcely believable comeback efforts. Check out this race from early 1958. You won't believe your eyes:
American distance runner Dave Wottle was a two-legged Silky Sullivan. He came from far off the pace, taking down two Kenyans and a Soviet to win the gold medal in the 800 meters at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Closer to home, the A's reached the postseason four consecutive years from 2000-03, starting slowly and then — at the 61-game mark — Wottle-ing out of the pack with finishes of 58-42 (overcoming an 18-game deficit), 72-29, 72-29 and 62-39.
That kind of derring-do makes for a great show. Thing is, you can't always script the ending.
Related Articles Why Warriors list Kevin Durant at 6-foot-9 (wink)
Kurtenbach: Why the heavily favored Warriors need to take LeBron and the Cavs seriously in the NBA Finals
Chasing a Dubs Dynasty: Title No. 3 would place Warriors among hallowed NBA company
Warriors-Rockets Game 7 draws crazy-good TV ratings
ESPN's Van Gundy and Jackson pretty certain how Finals will play out “Absolutely it would be a concern,” said Jeff Van Gundy, who in 11 years as an NBA coach got his teams to the playoffs nine times. “The ability to overcome a tough start and as Mark said, with superior talent and shooting and abilities, to figure it out is a credit to Golden State, and I'm sure the leadership of the team, coaches and the best players, are going to try to figure out before the Finals what's plaguing them in some of these starts.”
“What you don't want as a coach and what you don't want as a player is to continue to dig yourselves in those type of holes,” Jackson said, “because at some point, whether it be during that season or four seasons later, whenever, it's going to get you.”
Video
Trump speaks out after a protester was killed in Charlottesville, Virginia.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
If heaven and hell had a baby, it would be Bali.
With its screensaver beaches, tropical climate and prices so low, you feel like you're cheating the system ($27 a night for a three-star hotel, $1 for a fresh fruit smoothie), the Island of the Gods is the closest thing to paradise on earth.
But Bali, despite its natural splendor and affordability, is no Eden. It's to Australians what Cancun is to Americans, what Ibiza is to Europeans. It attracts more than its share of hedonists who come for spring break year-round.
INDONESIAN BOOZE BAN MAY HURT BALI TOURISM
Expand / Contract A vendor sells fruit in a bustling Balinese market. (Taylor Jenson)
In 2015, Bali welcomed 4 million foreign visitors — one traveler per resident. By 2020, Indonesia's Ministry of Tourism aims to host 20 million — an ambitious goal, especially if the country's House of Representatives passes a proposed alcohol ban that could impose sentences of up to 10 years in prison for producing, selling or consuming alcohol. But even if the law passes, the ministry is confident that Bali's appeal will not be diminished. In that regard, it has an impressive track record.
This is the same place that bounced back after deadly terrorist bombings in 2002 and 2005 and weathered a public relations storm in 2015 when two Australians were executed for drug trafficking. The State Department has warned of potential crime related issues for travelers noting that “organized crime remains a problem in Indonesia, most notably drug dealing and trafficking in persons.”
But would an alcohol ban really curb any crime-related incidents? The Islamic groups who support the bill think it will help curb damage incurred from drunken tourists, but the head of the Indonesian Hotel and Restaurant Association, Hariyadai Sukamdani, told The Jakarta Post that “their business will be done” if the bill passes.
But not all foreigners would be turned off by an alcohol-free vacation in paradise.
Taylor Jenson, a 28-year-old photographer from Colorado who returned from a vacation in Bali last month, said an alcohol ban wouldn't affect his decision to return. “Alcohol is definitely a large part of the tourism culture there, but Bali has much more to offer than just partying,” he said. “The people, the food and the waves all outweigh alcohol.”
Jenson said he was never offered drugs or women in Bali, though he says other friends warned him about the proliferation of certain illegal activities.“I expected it to be more sketchy, but I felt safe there at all times,” he said.
THE WORLD'S MOST DANGEROUS PLACES TO SWIM
When Jenson wasn't surfing Bali's world-class waves, he was steering his scooter ($4 a day) along the narrow corridors separating centuries-old rice paddies from new construction in Canggu, a community “where serenity rules,” according to the New York Times. Canggu's recently paved main drag is lined with chic cafes and hip boutiques where travelers can throw back wheat grass shots and buy custom surfboards before slipping off their flip-flops for a $7-an-hour reflexology massage.
Expand / Contract A serene sunset on the beach. (Taylor Jenson)
The dirt side roads offer a glimpse of the rural Balinese lifestyle: daily Hindu offerings at the threshold of humble wood dwellings that lack modern mainstays like air conditioning. The Balinese are accustomed to the heat and humidity, but Western visitors cool down with liquid nitrogen ice cream sundaes at the new age Creamery — an establishment that foreshadows the gentrification that's coming.
If Canggu is Bali's best kept secret, its worst is Ubud, which became a bucket-list contender after it was featured in Elizabeth Gilbert's memoir, “Eat, Pray Love,” which was made into a movie starring A-lister Julia Roberts.
Ubud is a mystical jungle where spirituality rules and towering banyan trees wrap their roots around deserted ancient temples, much like Angkor Wat in Cambodia. The hundreds of crab-eating maquaques who climb on them are considered holy. (They're also opportunistic. In Ubud's Sacred Monkey Forest, they'll pose on the shoulder of any selfie-stick-wielding tourist.)
Yoga may be Ubud's official sport, but its number one spectator sport is dancing — and not the kind found in Kuta's clubs. The Balinese are dramatic storytellers whose history is best told through animated expressions and elaborate costumes.
Every day, travelers fan themselves in outdoor amphitheaters while watching battles between good and evil play out on stage. The dances depict popular Hindu legends who were the first to experience Bali's light and dark sides. (Indonesia has the largest Muslim population in the world, but nearly 90 percent of the Balinese are Hindus, and the island is proud to maintain its religious identity.)
FOR THE LATEST TRAVEL FEATURES FOLLOW FOX LIFESTYLE ON FACEBOOK
There are 33 other provinces to explore besides Bali in Indonesia, which contains more than 17,000 islands and is the largest archipelago in the world. The tourism ministry is eager to introduce travelers to other culturally rich regions of the country, including Banyuwangi, Lombok and Sumatra with their black sand beaches and skyscraping volcanoes, and the rust-colored deserts of Komodo Island, where man-eating lizards roam.
But Bali his an unrivaled ring to it that resonates with travelers looking for a slice of heaven on earth. It occasionally comes with a side of hell, but that could be the price you pay for playing in paradise.
Katie Jackson is a travel writer. When she's not working, she's chasing after a Leonberger named Zeus.
STEUBENVILLE, Ohio — Jefferson County 4-H, Ohio, launched a fundraising campaign to aid their sister county, Jefferson County, Texas, in hurricane relief.
Hurricane Harvey crashed through Texas in late August leaving Jefferson County, just east of Houston, flooded.
Some 4-H families lost little or nothing, while others lost everything they owned, said Starla Garlick, Jefferson County, Texas, 4-H agent.
“I was watching the coverage, and they kept talking about Jefferson County, I thought, it (the fundraiser)would be a great way to connect the kids to the need,” said Janine Yeske, Jefferson County, Ohio, Extension educator.
Yeske has launched a campaign to collect Walmart gifts cards. Each family is being asked to donate a $25 Walmart gift card.
Gift cards were chosen because all impacted families would be able to use them, Yeske said.
Texas
Jefferson County Texas 4-H program is made up of 350 members in 10 clubs with around 35 adult volunteers. Popular projects include food and nutrition, clothing, photography, shooting sports and animal projects.
Many members lost their animals in the flood, said Garlick.
“The fundraiser is just as much for our kids. They need to learn the importance of giving,” said Yeske. “Maybe they will have to give up something, like going out for a meal to give to the kids in Texas.”
Yeske is encouraging parents to talk to their kids about giving.
“If a disaster hit our community, I know that we would appreciate aid from the government, but it would mean so much more from another 4-H member. It ties us together as a 4-H family.”
In just a week's time, Jefferson County 4-H has collected nearly $1,400, and looks forward to growing that number, said Yeske.
Donate
The deadline to submit Walmart gift cards is Nov. 15.
She is also asking members to send a card or note of encouragement with their donation. The donations will be to Texas in time for the holidays.
To contribute to the fundraiser send Walmart gift cards to Jefferson County OSU Extension Office 500 Market St., Steubenville, OH 43952.
LANDOVER, Md. — Somebody forgot to tell the Giants defense the Giants had nothing to play for Sunday afternoon.
The Big Blue D treated this meaningless regular-season finale against the Redskins like a playoff game, holding one of the NFL's most explosive offenses firmly in check and ending Washington's season with a 19-10 victory.
Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie's second interception of Kirk Cousins with 1:27 left sealed the Redskins' fate and was a pleasing capper to another phenomenal defensive performance by the Giants.
“We felt like we had something to play for,” said Rodgers-Cromartie, who triggered a $500,000 personal bonus with his first interception of the game. “We treated this like a playoff game, because we had to go on the road in a hostile environment. It's good to have an experience like that under our belt.”
Washington began the day sixth in the NFL in scoring, third in total offense and second in passing offense but could do nothing until very late against the pumped-up Giants defense — and it still wasn't enough.
The 10 points were a season low for the Redskins, and the Giants held the Redskins to just 282 total yards and 38 rushing yards. It was just the second time all year Washington had been held to fewer than 300 total yards, and the Redskins' rushing total was a season low.
Those numbers were in keeping with a Giants defense that continued to hit its stride in the second half of the season. Not only were the 38 rushing yards the fewest allowed by Big Blue all year, but they also held an opponent under 300 yards for the third time in the past four games.
“That's our mindset: defense wins championships,” said safety Landon Collins, who had a team-high eight tackles and one of the four sacks. “We want to be the best defense in the league, and — boom — we're going to keep running for it.”
The Giants looked like they would hold Washington without an offensive touchdown for the first time all year until Cousins hit Jordan Reed with a 1-yard touchdown pass with 8:13 left in the game, but all that play ended up doing was firing up Spagnuolo's unit even more.
The Giants forced two turnovers after Reed's score, with the biggest one being Rodgers-Cromartie's second pick of Cousins when he stepped in front of Pierre Garcon at the New York 25.
The Giants were particularly merciless with Cousins, harassing him all afternoon and sacking him four times. Three of those sacks were by defensive backs as defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo unleashed the blitz on Washington's veteran quarterback.
Coach Ben McAdoo said all last week that his team would treat this game as if a playoff berth wasn't already wrapped up, and the defense went out and backed up the boss' words from the outset.
The same couldn't be said for Eli Manning and the still-struggling offense, which remained stuck in the mud — a worrisome sign heading into the postseason — and failed to reach the 20-point mark for the fifth consecutive game.
But McAdoo was serious about playing to win on defense, even having banged-up cornerback Janoris Jenkins — still slowed by a back injury — play the entire first half before coming out.
“A physical, hard-nosed win on the road,” McAdoo said. “That's exactly what we needed coming in here.”
This year's NFL season featured two of America's pastimes: football and race, with pre-game protests dividing fans along colour lines and making Sunday afternoons among the most segregated hours in the country.
While some fans would prefer players stick to sports, many black athletes have chosen a different path by protesting, making people uncomfortable.
“The whole purpose of the demonstrations is to get (fans') attention,” Kareem Abdul-Jabbar said in an interview with The Associated Press. “These are the people that ignore the fact that people are being shot dead in the street. They've found ways to ignore it.”
For weeks, some NFL players, most of them African-American, knelt silently on the sidelines as the national anthem played before kickoff. Their goal: to raise awareness about disparities in policing in communities of colour , and about persistent, systemic racism in America.
It was a new approach to an age-old problem.
For generations, black athletes from heavyweight boxer Jack Johnson to tennis champions Venus and Serena Williams to former NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick have protested in ways large and small to highlight injustice, galvanize support and move the country forward. Often met with backlash from fans uninterested in mixing sports and social issues, many have taken stances that have cost them their careers.
The roots of black athlete activism can be traced to the dawn of black freedom. Even after slavery ended, black Americans were barred from full participation in the public sphere: denied the right to vote, access to mass media, or equal housing and schools.
Because they were blocked from entry in most civic institutions for much of the 20th century, black people found public visibility and expression in other arenas — often cultural ones, like music and sports.
Johnson fought — and beat — white boxers at the height of Jim Crow, when blacks were presumed to be inferior, and dated white women, upending the social norms of the day.
When he finally lost, it would be a generation before another black boxer would be allowed to compete at such a level, and the message had been sent to black athletes that disrupting society came with consequences.
“It's because of what happens to him that others know they have to toe the line,” said New York University historian Jeffrey Sammons. “They can't be seen as defiant or opponents of the system . They know they can't succeed without living up to expectations and being humble, unassuming and supportive of the established order.”
Then came along Muhammad Ali, who was not one to toe the line.
Ali was the most visible and influential athlete of his generation when he protested the Vietnam War as racially unjust by refusing to be drafted in 1967, a move that cost him his livelihood, derailing his fighting career for years.
Ali's actions influenced others. Basketball player Abdul-Jabbar boycotted the 1968 Summer Olympics. At the same games, held in Mexico City, American track athletes Tommie Smith and John Carlos held raised fists covered in black leather gloves as the national anthem played after winning gold and bronze medals in the 200-meter race.
Abdul-Jabbar, who at 70 represents a bridge between Ali and Kaepernick, went on to a storied NBA career, but Smith and Carlos returned home to the threat of having their medals taken, and faced difficulty finding coaching jobs.
“It was an international stage that was being used to promote how unified and wonderful the world is, but black Americans at that point were still in a very tough struggle to obtain their rights, both human and political,” Abdul-Jabbar said of the 1968 games. “The fact that (Smith and Carlos) used an international platform to speak for people who usually don't have any power to be heard made it all the more significant.”
Carlos said Mexico City was the only place he could've made such a statement.
“At that time, for me, there was no other vehicle than the Olympic Games,” he recalled. “I felt like the humanitarian issues at that time, as well as the humanitarian issues of today, are more compelling to me than an Olympic medal. I love the Olympics and I love sports, but I love a just cause for humanity even greater.”
It is a sentiment shared by NFL players.
The killing of mostly unarmed black men by mostly white police officers sparked the Black Lives Matter movement, which has again drawn black athletes into the national conversation on race . The sideline protests in the NFL — started in August 2016 by Kaepernick — have been the most prominent display of players' engagement, though black athletes in baseball and basketball have also had smaller displays of activism.
Because sports are such a prominent aspect of American life, they remain an effective way to bring attention to issues of racial injustice.
“This is our inheritance,” said Howard Bryant, senior writer at ESPN and author of the forthcoming book “The Heritage: Black Athletes, A Divided America, and the Politics of Patriotism.”
“You're not allowed to check out,” Bryant said. “This is going to continue until the United States respects the black brain more than the black body. Then sports can go back to what it was supposed to be — just a game.”
Media — and social media in particular — has helped in recruiting athletes to the cause, explained Color of Change Executive Director Rashad Robinson, whose online civil rights organization has joined with athletes in addressing systemic racism and mobilized its membership to boycott the NFL and its corporate sponsors.
Such stands have often come at a cost, even for today's players, who are far more prominent and wealthy than their predecessors. Like players who spoke out before them, they have been met with violence and vitriol, described as unpatriotic, ungrateful and disrespectful.
“The public is used to black guys selling sneakers and making jump shots,” said Bryant. “Do white people want to hear what black people have to say? No, they don't. Does it need to be said? Yes.”
Abdul-Jabbar agreed, tying Ali's fate to Kaepernick's as two athletes who sacrificed their livelihoods at the height of their careers for a greater cause.
“Anybody that knows anything about football will tell you that he is a talented athlete and should be on somebody's team,” Abdul-Jabbar, author of “Becoming Kareem: Growing Up On and Off the Court,” said of Kaepernick. “I think he's being blackballed.”
But with the cost are also benefits. Using the universal language of sports as a platform to discuss race reveals racism and galvanizes support to end it, Robinson said.
“Part of why people are paying attention is because of exactly who they are,” he said. “Throughout time, it has been the people with reputations and something to lose whose risk-taking has helped result in change.”
——
AP Sports Writer Pat Graham in Denver contributed to this report
——
Errin Haines Whack is The Associated Press' national writer on race and ethnicity. Follow her work on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/emarvelous
——
EDITOR'S NOTE: African-American athletes have used their sports platforms for more than 100 years to impact social and political change. As part of AP's coverage plans for Black History Month, we will take a multiplatform look at how many have and continue to engage in activism, from Jack Johnson, to Muhammad Ali to Colin Kaepernick. https://apnews.com/tag/GameChangers
Head of state wants to let the dust settle after campaign
President Sergio Mattarella is ready to allow time for passions to cool after Italy's acrimonious election campaign and will give political leaders until July to break their deadlock, according to a senior state official.
If no working majority can be pieced together from the fragmented parliament elected March 4, Mattarella could trigger another election for the fall, said the official, who was hopeful that a government would be formed.
The official said that Mattarella is keen to ensure that the 2019 budget is approved in the fall and will therefore seek to avoid an election at that time to avoid undermining public finances if the spending plans aren't voted on by parliament.
Luigi Di Maio of the anti-establishment Five-Star Movement and Matteo Salvini of the League have made rival claims to govern, but neither has a parliamentary majority and both are trying to contain tensions within their groups over the best path to choose.
Parliament reconvenes Friday with the election of speakers for both chambers at the top of the agenda.
Starting Talks
Mattarella, 76, a former minister and constitutional judge, will start talks with political leaders in early April and he may need more than one round of consultations before deciding who to nominate to lead the next government. He could also ask one of the new parliamentary speakers to take soundings on whether a majority is possible.
Luigi Di Maio Photographer: Alessia Pierdomenico/Bloomberg
Investors are concerned that Di Maio and Salvini could end up joining forces to exclude mainstream parties from government entirely. In that scenario, the head of state could use his advisory powers to press them to manage state finances responsibly and honor Italy's European commitments, the official said.
Read More: Four Scenarios Offering Escape From Italy's Political Gridlock
Still, the official said that such a result is unlikely because of the differences between the two parties -- Five Star has its base in the depressed south of Italy and wants a universal basic income, while the League is rooted in the rich, industrial north and is pushing for a flat tax.
Matteo Salvini Photographer: Alessia Pierdomenico/Bloomberg
What's more, the League's Salvini has said he would only join up with Five Star with the blessing of his coalition partner Silvio Berlusconi who is pushing for an alliance with the center-left Democratic Party of premier Paolo Gentiloni.
Di Maio, who unveiled a list of ministers even before the election, signaled Monday that he may now be open to sharing out jobs. “We talk about ministers with the president, and about measures with political parties,” Di Maio told a closed-door meeting of Five-Star senators, according to newswire Ansa. Mattarella formally approves ministerial appointees.
As talks drag on, Mattarella may appeal to all parties to form a government that can at least push through the 2019 budget and change the electoral system to give the winners a better chance of forming a majority. The Democratic Party, which has said it will go into opposition after its worst-ever result, could help to form such an administration, the official said.
TIPPECANOE CO., Ind. (WLFI) – An early morning shooting in rural Tippecanoe County has been ruled a homicide.
Tippecanoe Co. Coroner Donna Avolt confirmed it to 24-Hour News 8's sister station News 18.
Police were called to the 4000-block of East 500 South shortly before 1 a.m. Tuesday.
When they arrived, deputies found 47-year-old Donita Elliot had suffered a single gunshot wound.
She was taken to Franciscan Health Lafayette East Hospital by ambulance where she later died of her injuries.
50-year-old Patrick Elliot, Donta's husband, later admitted to the shooting in which he claimed self defense.
Elliot faces a charge of murder.
Sheriff's deputies were on the scene until about noon Tuesday trying to piece together what happened.
“It's a shock. It's a total shock,” said neighbor Wilma Pilotte.
Pilotte and her husband live right around the corner.
They watched everything unfold.
“We were sitting out here last night from 12 to about 2:30 hoping for the best, hoping that we'd see them all drive away and everybody goes back in,” Pilotte said. “We didn't ever know what went on. I didn't hear anything except the cars. I heard one guy say ‘You go ahead and I'll follow you' as they went out with the ambulance.”
She said she never expected something like this to happen in her own backyard.
“We all kind of circle together because we like each other,” said Pilotte. “We don't bother each other but we're all friends. So other than that I don't have much more to say.”
The sheriff's office says it does not believe there is any pending danger to public.
It's accelerating its rollout of the network built for connected sensors and machines
IDG
ATT is accelerating its rollout of LTE-M, an IoT network that's already being used to track shipping containers and pallets, monitor water use and connect fleets to the internet.
The carrier said Tuesday it will have nationwide LTE-M coverage in the U.S. by the middle of this year, six months ahead of schedule. Previously, ATT had said LTE-M would cover the U.S. by year's end.
That means everywhere in the country that ATT has an LTE network, it will also offer LTE-M. By the end of the year, it will have LTE-M across Mexico too, creating a broad coverage area for businesses that operate on both sides of the border.
LTE-M is one of several LPWANs (low-power, wide-area networks) that are emerging to link sensors and other devices to the internet of things. It's not as fast as the LTE that smartphones use, but it's designed to allow for longer battery life, lower cost, smaller parts, and better coverage. LTE-M has a top speed of around 1Mbps (bits per second) upstream and downstream and a range of up to 100 kilometers (62 miles), including better penetration through walls.
ATT is part of a wave of mobile operators considering or rolling out LTE-M. Others include Orange in France and SoftBank in Japan. ATT launched its first commercial trial of LTE-M last October in San Ramon, California, and has since opened another in Columbus, Ohio.
Several companies are already using the network for enterprise and consumer applications, ATT said. They include Capstone Metering, a supplier of wireless water meters; RM2, which makes storage pallets with sensors for monitoring inventory; and PepsiCo, which is using LTE-M to collect usage data from soda fountains. Consumers can dispense their own blends of soda from these fountains, and PepsiCo uses sensors to keep the fountains stocked and learn what blends are popular.
There are already several emerging LPWAN systems from mobile operators and other service providers. The growing LoRaWAN, Sigfox and Ingenu technologies come from outside the traditional mobile industry.
LTE-M and another technology, NB-IoT, are based on LTE and are designed to run over carriers' licensed spectrum. They may be the best options for enterprises concerned about interference and security, Ovum analyst Daryl Schoolar said.
Though alternative LPWAN providers got a head start as these LTE-based standards were developed, mobile operators can roll out the LTE technologies quickly because they often require nothing more than a software upgrade.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Grayson was left on one of these buses for hours Thursday morning. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
PAOLI, IN (WAVE) - Leah Gilliatt said her son's Thursday morning began just like any other day.
Thirteen-year-old Grayson usually gets on a white school bus run by the Paoli Community School. He is a student at Paoli Jr. & Sr. High School.
Grayson is full of energy. He is on the autism spectrum and has difficulty fully communicating. However, that never stops him from being social.
"This is his nature all the time," Gilliatt said. "He's very sweet and everybody loves him."
Grayson also likes to chat. He's constantly saying something. So his mom said it came as a shock when she found out that her son was forgotten on a school bus on Thursday.
"He was still on the bus in his seatbelt," she told us. "So he couldn't get out and he was in there for about two and a half hours before they found him."
Hi mother explained that he would have had trouble piping up even when there was a problem. She said she was also speechless when the school called her to let her know that Grayson didn't show up for the day.
"Words can't describe..." Gilliatt trailed off as she shook her head. "I was very mad at first and then now it's more -- I'm upset."
She said there's always a driver and an aide on the bus, so she's left with several questions.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Celebrating Indiana's rare gem: A full service gas station
+ Survey: football fans would miss the birth of their child to watch their favorite team in the Super Bowl
+ Residents at historic home digging in as museum looks to expand
"How do you miss..." she trailed off again and pointed at Grayson, who was smiling. "I know he doesn't fall asleep. He's too excited, he wants to see everything all the time."
The school told her they will do better. However, for Gilliatt, this was too close of a call. She explained that anything could have happened in those two and a half hours that Grayson was left alone.
"It's a bad feeling when you go to work thinking that your kids are safe and then you find out that they weren't," she told us.
We have reached out to Paoli Community School's superintendent for comment, but the office did not return our calls.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
CUMMINS UNIT, Ark. — The Arkansas Supreme Court ordered the stop of two inmate's executions who were to be put to death Monday night.
The ruling is just latest in a series of legal hurdles that the state has faced since it announced in February its plans to execute eight men in a 10-day span in late April. But prosecutors surmounted a major roadblock earlier Monday when the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals overturned a district court judge's ruling to stay all of the executions.
Inmates Bruce Ward and Don Davis, the first two men scheduled to die, had requested a delay last Wednesday, citing the need to wait for the conclusion of a U.S. Supreme Court case, McWilliams v. Dunn. Oral arguments for that case aren't expected until April 24 and will discuss what rights inmates are allowed for an independent expert to assess their health.
Both inmates' lawyers claim that their clients are too mentally impaired to face capital punishment and were not offered a proper mental health screening, and the state's highest court granted their stay late Monday afternoon.
Related: Arkansas Judge Barred from Ruling on Executions After Showing Up at Protest
“The Arkansas Supreme Court recognized that executing either man, before the [U.S. Supreme] Court answers this question for Mr. McWilliams, would be profoundly arbitrary and unjust,” said Arkansas Assistant Federal Defense Attorney Scott Braden, who is representing Ward.
Nevertheless, the Arkansas Department of Corrections still prepared Monday night for Davis's execution, just in case a sudden court decision were to materialize. The Arkansas Attorney General's office had appealed the decision to the U.S. Supreme Court and hope to receive a ruling before the end of the day.
“When the stay is lifted we will continue our preparations related to carrying out the sentence of death for both Bruce Ward and Don Davis,” said Department of Corrections spokesman Solomon Graves. “However, we obviously we will not begin any activities directly associated with carrying out the sentence until those stays are either lifted or dissolved.”
Davis, who was already moved here to the Cummins Unit — where the lethal injection gurney is located — was even supplied his last meal in preparation for the execution.
Related: Arkansas Executions: First Two Men Scheduled to Die Push for Delay
“Earlier this evening Don Davis did receive his last meal which consisted of fried chicken, rolls, great northern beans and mashed potatoes, fruit punch and strawberry cake for dessert,” Graves said.
Davis' leftover cake was made available to reporters.
When Graves was asked whether he believed the execution would still go through on Monday night, he paused.
“Never say never,” he said. “But we're waiting on the courts before we can proceed.”
There are five more executions scheduled before the end of April. None of them suffer from any legal roadblocks — due to the 8th Circuit dropping stays on all of the inmates and the Arkansas Supreme Court dropping a temporary restraining order on one of the execution drugs.
0:28
UNC Tar Heels leave the court after NCAA tournament upset to Texas A&M
1:23
UNC's Theo Pinson speaks after loss to Texas A&M in NCAA tournament
0:51
Welcome to the summer of hell. That's the branding for Amtrak's track work at Penn Station, which will upset commutes for 210,000 daily riders until September. But it will end up being far more than a summer.
Track work is disruptive enough. But last week, New Jersey Transit and the federal agency that oversees Amtrak's finances dropped a 27-chapter tome (plus seven appendixes) on how they'll build an entire new rail tunnel leading to Penn.
The cost to build the tunnel and fix the old one is now $12.9 billion, up from an original $7.7 billion 2015 estimate. And since the project is only 10 percent designed, the cost will change.
What happens if we don't do this? The future is grim for New Jersey commuters. (Long Island Rail Road commuters will soon-ish have an alternative, when a station on Manhattan's East Side with its own tunnel opens in the next decade.)
The existing tunnel, opened in 1910, is overdue for a complete rebuilding. It's also rotting from Superstorm Sandy damage.
Dried-out salt from the flood is still damaging the tunnel's liner, walls, steel, track, third rail, signals and electrical parts (that's about everything). Last week's report notes that inside walls that protect wiring and cables are cracked, and the steel inside is corroded. (It's safe, though.)
Workers can't take it all apart and replace it while maintaining service. They already severely curtail service during weekends, but it's not enough. “Service disruptions will continue to occur” and “will happen more frequently as the deterioration . . . continues and components fail in an unpredictable manner,” the report warns.
The fastest we'll get a new tunnel is 2026. But there are clues in the report that it'll take longer: The tunnel project is a massive construction project in a part of Manhattan that is already a massive construction site.
The region's planning failures are obvious. The city, dating back to the Bloomberg era, has been building an entire new high-rise neighborhood just southwest of Penn Station.
Amtrak did spend $235 million a few years ago to preserve an underground passageway amid Hudson Yards construction, likely saving us multiple times that amount if they had waited. But that was a small part of the project.
No one ever considered that maybe it was better, faster and cheaper to build the rest of the major infrastructure underneath the area before building a city above it.
So Amtrak has to do “cut and cover” construction smack in the middle of Tenth Avenue just below 34th Street, a far more crowded area than it once was, for a year and a half.
“Cut and cover” is what it sounds like — you cut a hole in the ground, put stuff in it and cover it up.
Planners say Tenth Avenue would stay open, “although temporary lane closures would occur.” Trying to keep it open will inevitably add cost and time.
New Jersey Transit and the feds also want to use 29th Street between 11th Avenue and the West Side Highway as a staging and construction area for seven years — adding 42 trucks and 74 smaller vehicles to the West Side's peak-hour afternoon traffic.
And they'll be doing much of their work near the High Line, near high-rise “luxury” apartment buildings, both built and planned, and near a new office tower.
The household income in the area, the report notes, is $167,634 — people who haven't signed up to live near a permanent construction site. If NJ Transit and Amtrak had built this tunnel 15 years ago — and if the states and New York City actually worked well together — they could've worked almost around the clock, saving years and billions.
see also Amtrak is about to make Penn Station hell with reconstruction Amtrak will overhaul the decrepit rails in and around Penn...
Now, they'll be working in just another dense part of Manhattan, with all the added expense and time that comes with it.
Then there's the problem of getting started. To award construction contracts, the government needs money. Before President Trump took office, New York, New Jersey and the feds roughly agreed that the feds would pay half the cost, and the two states would split the other half.
Trump, though, has revoked the early budget for the project. And the states haven't ironed out critical issues, like who'll be responsible for cost overruns.
New York and New Jersey need a tunnel. But they won't get one for a while — at least a decade, maybe more. Suburban commutes into Manhattan will stay less than heavenly, even as summer turns to winter.
Nicole Gelinas is a contributing editor to the Manhattan Institute's City Journal.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
WASHINGTON — The good news about President Donald Trump's speech in Nashville last night was that he didn't mention Roseanne Barr, which could have made that controversy much, much worse. The bad news? Try all of the false, misleading and dishonest claims he made.
“[There's] never been an administration — and even some of our enemies are admitting it — that has done what we've done in the first year and a half. Think of it”
The tax law has been Trump's only major legislative achievement, and he ranks behind other past presidents in bills signed into law.
“We've created 3.3 million new jobs since Election Day. If we had said that before the election — I'm going to create 3.3 million new jobs — would never have [survived the] onslaught from fake news. Wouldn't have accepted it, said no way you can do that”
While there have indeed been 3.3 million jobs created in the 18 months since Election Day 2016 (Nov. 2016-April 2018), there were 3.9 million jobs created in the 18 months before Election Day (May 2015-Oct. 2016) — when Trump was criticizing the state of the U.S. economy.
“Wages for the first time in many years are finally going up”
That is false; wages also increased during the final years of Obama's presidency, per PolitiFact.
“[Nancy Pelosi] loves MS-13”
Pelosi was objecting to Trump calling undocumented immigrants “animals”; the White House says he was referring to MS-13 in his “animals” remarks. Pelosi never said she loved MS-13.
“So how do you like the fact they had people infiltrating our campaign? Can you imagine? Can you imagine?”
On Fox News last night, Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., said the FBI's use of an informant for the 2016 Trump campaign was appropriate (see below for more).
“Mexico, I don't want to cause a problem. But in the end, Mexico's going to pay for the wall”
Mexico once again said it wasn't paying for Trump's wall. Here's Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto: “President @realDonaldTrump: NO. Mexico will NEVER pay for a wall. Not now, not ever. Sincerely, Mexico (all of us).”
“We passed the largest tax cuts and reform in American history”
By either inflation-adjusted dollars or as a percentage of GDP, the tax legislation Trump signed into law last year ranks well below other tax laws, including those under Reagan or even Obama.
For an even more thorough account on Trump's claims from last night, check out the feed from the Toronto Star's Daniel Dale.
This week, Eminem was randomly hit with the spirit to tell a bizarre story.
According to him, back in 2009/2010 at a MTV awards show, he was changing in his trailer, and right next to him was 50 Cent‘s trailer.
Inside 50 Cents trailer was Top Gun and Batman Forever star Val Kilmer, who supposedly was in full peeping Tom mode.
Through his window, Eminem said he caught Val catching a look at him naked. It's a strange and also kind of hilarious tale if you let Eminem explain it…
Hmmm…
Well, Twitter definitely had something to say about the incident.
Swipe through to check out the hilarious commentary!
Uum, That's Not Creepy: Eminem Remembers When A Famous Actor Watched Him Undress was originally published on globalgrind.com
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
'Shark Tank' judges go gaga for avocado eatery Avocados are so hip these days that even the hard-ass entrepreneurs on ABC's “Shark Tank” were ready to talk shop with Alessandro Biggi, the Modena, Italy-native owner of Avocaderia. His...
NYC's latest real estate boom? Private islands No man is an island. But if he can cough up millions of bucks, he can buy his own near New York City. One of them floats just off Darien,...
Barbara Corcoran hopes to find new pup at Westminster Their 15-year-old Shih Tzu just died, so they will be looking to select a breed they want for their next pet.
'Shark Tank' star Barbara Corcoran sells Park Ave. pad Barbara Corcoran still knows how to sell pricey real estate. The “Shark Tank” star just offloaded her old digs at 1192 Park Ave. for $4.87 million, a tad below its $4.9...
Corcoran tweets inspiration after giving negative feedback on 'Shark Tank' New York real estate maven Barbara Corcoran taketh with one comment, but giveth back with a tweet. When appearing on “Shark Tank,” A Spoonful of Comfort partner Scott Gustafson said...
Barbara Corcoran selling Upper East Side co-op Real estate mogul Barbara Corcoran is selling her Upper East Side home for $4.9 million. The posh Park Avenue pre-war pad is in a classic Rosario Candela co-op and comes...
Real estate bigwig Barbara Corcoran eyes her own island Real estate maven and “Shark Tank” star Barbara Corcoran is looking to expand her empire — specifically, with the purchase of her own $10.99 million private islands. Known as Tavern...
ABC
The original Roseanne ran for nine seasons. The rebooted Roseanne made it 10 episodes before getting the boot, after star Roseanne Barr wrote a racially charged tweet about Obama advisor Valerie Jarret. ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey, who issued a statement condemning Barr's “abhorrent” and “repugnant” Twitter statement, canceled the show, but the non-Barr actors, including John Goodman, Laurie Metcalf, and Sara Gilbert, signed contracts for another 13 episodes. They're going to get paid either way, so EW reports that ABC is considering building a new show around the remaining cast.
Roseanne was created by Roseanne Barr. The characters were conceived by her and Matt Williams. If the sitcom were to continue without the matriarch, the actress would still benefit financially. So a key insider informs EW that discussions will continue today on whether it makes sense to keep the other actors but potentially design a new series around them. (Via)
In other words, ABC can pay Goodman, Metcalf, etc. for doing nothing, or they can put together a new show around some of the most talented comedic actors on television, without the headache of one problematic star (although it's a near-certainty she'll share her feelings on Twitter). A “competing studio” noted to EW that to simply dust a show under the carpet is “not that much money,” but where ABC might take a hit is in advertising.
The show brought in an estimated $45 million of advertising revenue for ABC this year, and the network likely would have collected more than $60 million next season, according to Kantar Media. (Via)
I don't know about you, but I'd watch The Untitled John Goodman and Laurie Metcalf Project, especially if it's actually called The Untitled John Goodman and Laurie Metcalf Project.
(Via Entertainment Weekly)
At 96-years-old, Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh looks dashing in a new portrait commissioned to mark the royal's retirement from public engagements.
The painting, which will be on display at the Museum of National History at Frederiksborg Castle in Denmark in 2018, was done by Australian artist Ralph Heimans earlier this year. The canvas features Philip wearing the sash of the Order of the Elephant, which the royal family's Twitter account describes as "Denmark's highest-ranking honour."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Of the setting of the portrait, the Twitter account revealed, "Windsor Castle holds special significance in regard to The Duke of Edinburgh's ancestry. At the end of the Grand Corridor is the Tapestry Room where His Royal Highness' mother, Princess Alice, and maternal grandmother, Princess Victoria were born."
“Aesthetically, the natural light and heritage backdrop of the grand corridor at Windsor Castle provided a compelling mood," Heimans said of the setting.
"I feel very fortunate to have been given the opportunity to paint Prince Philip and hope the portrait does justice to his unique character," he said.
According to People, the painting also features white marble busts of Princess Alice and Princess Victoria, and the porcelain dinner service Philip and Elizabeth received as a wedding gift from the King and Queen of Denmark in 1947.
Next year, the Museum of National History is holding a retrospective of Heimans' work, and a portion of that exhibition will explore the "historical connections between the Royal Families of Great Britain & Denmark."
Prince Philip is closely related to the royal family of Denmark. In fact, he was born a Prince of Denmark, but gave up the title when he married into the British royal family. His grandfather, George I of Greece was a Danish Prince, and his great-grandfather, Christian IX, served as King of Denmark from 1863 to 1906.
Goodbye W.M.P., White Male Privilege. One of the things my son asked me a while back was would I miss the W.M.P. I didn't remember ever having it, so I figured I wouldn't miss it. Now that I'm my real self, I finally understand about W.M.P. Many things I did before I came out and began living honestly, I now occasionally get asked if I'm doing them for a man.
Just because I now prefer wearing dresses, doesn't mean I've lost all of my previous interests, talents or tasks. Yes, I am married to a beautiful, sexy ciswoman and I love her dearly. We don't need to be rescued, taken care of and are not helpless. My bride raised three children single-highhandedly, worked two jobs and turned out three wonderful human beings. The last thing she needs is rescued. What we both need and have is a loving, caring, equal partnership.
I still need to keep my old house from falling down around our ears. This means frequent, and enjoyable, trips to our favorite stores, Home Depot or Lowes. When we get asked, “What are you building?” We gladly respond with a deck, kitchen remodel, new bath, or any other project. Most of the time, the folks in the orange aprons are quick to help, give advice or assist in loading our cart. Occasionally, mostly from the older male clerks, we'll get asked who's helping us, a husband or brother. We in no uncertain terms let them know we don't need any help.
I went into the auto parts store last fall. I was straight from work, so I had on a dress, low heels and makeup. I walked up to the counter as I had most of my life and asked the guy for an alternator. He said, “If that's not the right one, have your husband return it.” I slowly turned and maybe a bit to loudly exclaimed, “I don't have a husband and I'm not sure my wife has installed one before, so ‘I got this!'” Problem solved.
The other day I was at the grocery store and the young man bagging groceries asked if he could take the bags to my car. I told him he may. He was young, cute and a bit shy. When we got to the parking lot, there sat my Dodge Ram 1500 with the hemi. It's a bit tall, but heels help nicely getting in. He hefted the sacks into the back seat and said, “That's a lot a truck.” I turned to him, looked him in the eye, and said, “I like them big.” My, but that boy could blush! I hiked up my dress and pulled myself up into the driver's seat. He was beating a hasty retreat.
It's been a while since I've had W.M.P. rubbed in my face. Maybe it's because I've had to set a few men straight. Anyway, when I go out, I'm channeling my inner Wonder Woman. I may not have her figure, but I do have her spirit. Fight on, sisters!
Moved to make a comment? Login here and use the comment area below.
Category: Body & Soul
A woman who was sexually assaulted on a train was punched in the face when she slapped the man responsible.
The incident happened on Thursday after the 30-year-old victim boarded the 18:30 Newcastle to Edinburgh Waverley service operated by Virgin East Coast.
She was unable to find a seat on the train and stood next to a group of men she had chatted to before boarding.
During the journey British Transport Police (BTP) said one of the men sexually assaulted her.
In response the woman slapped him and the man retaliated by punching her on the jaw.
A BTP spokesman said: "Detectives are keen to speak with anyone who was on board this train and may have seen what happened.
"Any piece of information, no matter how small, could prove vital to the investigation."
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — The Giants have a new defensive coordinator, James Bettcher, who held that same position with the Cardinals. So, it stands to reason, the Giants will run a similar or near-identical scheme to the one Bettcher used in Arizona.
Asked Friday during an appearance at the Mall of America what he knew about the Cardinals defense, the Giants' Damon Harrison said, “I know absolutely nothing.”
Bettcher's arrival could have a direct effect on Harrison, as the Cardinals used a three-man defensive line, with a traditional nose tackle. That is the job Harrison had his first four NFL seasons with the Jets. With the Giants the past two years, Harrison was part of a four-man defensive line, solidifying his reputation as perhaps the best run-stopping defensive tackle in the league.
“If that's what we have to do, that's what we have to do,'' Harrison said of a possible switch to a 3-4 defensive front. “I just don't have enough information to really talk about those guys. I've done it my whole career. It wouldn't be a problem. I just have to watch some film. I don't know anything. Whatever they need me to do, I'll do it.”
Harrison has yet to speak with new head coach Pat Shurmur, but has had a conversation with Dave Gettleman, the new general manager.
“I think he will get us back on the right track,'' Harrison said. “I like the way he thinks and his vision.''
Gettleman has vowed to prioritize improving the offensive and defensive lines, saying “Big men help you compete.''
Harrison, the biggest of all the Giants, liked the sound of that.
“So hopefully I'll still be around,'' he said.
The Eagles almost made it through the week without supplying any motivational fodder to the Patriots. Almost. Wide receiver Alshon Jeffery, asked what the Eagles would do “if'' they win the Super Bowl, answered, “There ain't no ‘if,' man. When we win on Sunday, ain't no telling what we're going to do. But it's probably going to celebrate, have some fun.''
Jeffery also was of no mind to pay homage to the Patriots' mystique or past success.
“Man, I don't give a damn about all that,'' he said. “That's in the past. We're in the present. It's 2018. It's a new year.''
Eagles DT Timmy Jernigan was a full participant in Friday's practice after missing the previous two days with an illness. The Eagles are remarkably healthy, as RB Jay Ajayi (ankle), CB Ronald Darby (illness), DT Fletcher Cox (calf) and LB Dannell Ellerbe (hamstring) all did everything asked of them in practice.
Coach Doug Pederson said he believes his team is ready.
“I've been around these guys all year and I can tell by the way they practice — the speed, the tempo, assignment sound, the energy level,'' Pederson said. “Things like that lead me to believe because I've seen it all season,” he said. “Now, that doesn't tell you how they're going to play. But it just tells you that they're prepared and ready to go into this game.”
Pederson had a private moment with the Eagles at the end of practice. His message?
“Play loose, have fun, enjoy the moment,” he said. “These opportunities, as you know, don't come around every year. Also, make sure just to reflect on this season, reflect on the journey that got us here. But just play for one another, have fun and enjoy it.”
On October 4 the Wamego Police Department seized two apparent financial card readers – “skimmers” – that were found inside the fuel pumps at two Wamego convenience stores. These were discovered during routine fuel pump inspections at The Last Stop and Red Raider Express. It is unknown how long the skimmers had been inside the pumps. It is important to understand these businesses are victims of this electronic criminal activity and staff is cooperating with the ongoing investigation.
The police department has also taken several reports recently from Wamego residents documenting fraudulent activity on their debit card or credit card accounts, that occurred in other cities.
People are reminded to always keep a close eye on their financial card accounts, but to be especially vigilant if they have purchased fuel at the fuel pumps at either of these stores within the past few weeks. If someone discovers their financial card has been compromised please contact your bank or credit card company, as well as your local law enforcement agency.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
You're emotionally attached to fictional characters istock/BraunSHave you ever become so attached to characters in a book that they start to feel like real people? Books provide such vivid insight into characters' personality and psyche that you might feel like you know them even better than you do your own peers and acquaintances. And if the characters are personally relatable, they can start to feel like actual friends. You may have even experienced a romantic connection to fictional characters (*cough cough* Mr. Darcy). But no judgment here. As fellow bookworms, we get it.
You know exactly when the next book in a series will be released istock/LUHUANFENGAs a true bookworm, you prefer reading a series to individual novels so that you don't have to stop at the last page. However, for you, few fates are worse than reaching the latest book in a series only to have to wait years for the next one's release. When a subsequent book is set to be published, you know exactly when it's hitting shelves (because you've pre-ordered it, naturally), and you've got a mental countdown running in the interim. The suspense completely eats away at you!
You're a sucker for literary gifts istock/MaicaYou may not be materialistic, but if you're a bookworm, you can never resist buying items related to your favorite books regardless of whether or not you actually need them. For example, you wouldn't think twice about purchasing the Library Candles by Paddywax, which have your favorite quotes printed across the front and scents that are inspired by iconic authors. (We swear Ralph Waldo Emerson must have smelled exactly like his cedar and wild fern candle!)
Content continues below ad
You ignore your basic needs when you're deep in a read istock/mallmoBooks are all-consuming for you, and time seems to stand still when you're fully engrossed in the text in front of you. But in fact, hours upon hours have passed, and you've completely forgotten to eat, shower, or get to bed on time. But oh well. For you, any basic needs can wait until you're finished with this chapter. And maybe the next one. Speaking of good books, take this quiz to find out which classic novel you are.
You hate watching movie adaptations istock/RouzesAs a lifelong bibliophile, nothing annoys you quite like movie adaptations of books you've read. After all, you remember all the passages so vividly that you can't help but critique a film's many discrepancies. You'd really rather not watch movie adaptations if you can help it, as they risk deviating from your beloved literary works and not doing them justice. These are movies that might just live up to the books on which they're based.
You prefer the feel of a physical book to an e-book istock/encrierCall us old-fashioned, but we bookworms still resist making the switch to digital texts. There's something about the weight of a hardback in your lap, the sound of turned pages, and feeling the remaining chapters dwindle in your right hand as you power through them. E-books may be more environmentally friendly, but they can't measure up to the sensory experience of physical books we so adore. Check out the best reading apps for budding bookworms.
Content continues below ad
You can recall the details of fictional worlds as if you've been there istock/akinshinDiagon Alley, Middle Earth, Narnia, and District 12—these places aren't just two-dimensional fantasies to you. For a real bookworm, these fictional worlds exist. In fact, you know them so intimately that it can be hard to determine if perhaps you've actually been there.
You can quote your favorite passages verbatim istock/ferrantraiteIf there's one thing someone should never do in front of a bookworm, it's misquote a line from a novel. Whenever it happens, you're quick to correct them. Bookworms have an uncanny memory for text, so if you're of them, you're probably guilty of reciting your favorite lines all the time. And you don't just recite them verbatim; you use the same accent and inflection of the original character. These are the famous quotes from books every woman should read at least once.
Your personal library is a source of pride istock/davelogan Some people collect shoes, others collect purses, or vintage baseball cards, but you collect books. It's plain and simple. Your books are like family to you, and they're a real source of pride. You dream of one day having a floor-to-ceiling wall of books in your home, or even an entire study containing your collection. Whenever you have to downsize or donate your books, parting with them is a genuinely painful experience. Some people collect shoes, others collect purses, or vintage baseball cards, but you collect books. It's plain and simple. Your books are like family to you, and they're a real source of pride. You dream of one day having a floor-to-ceiling wall of books in your home, or even an entire study containing your collection. Whenever you have to downsize or donate your books, parting with them is a genuinely painful experience. The homes of happy people have these things in common
Content continues below ad
You love the smell of new books istock/davelogan Every time you crack open a brand-new book, you lean forward to smell its pages. The scent is not only all too familiar to you, but it also brings you a unique joy. The smell is like being a kid and opening a present on Christmas morning—you feel pure excitement at the prospect of owning a classic. You also know the difference between the smell of old and new books, and you love them both for different reasons. Every time you crack open a brand-new book, you lean forward to smell its pages. The scent is not only all too familiar to you, but it also brings you a unique joy. The smell is like being a kid and opening a present on Christmas morning—you feel pure excitement at the prospect of owning a classic. You also know the difference between the smell of old and new books, and you love them both for different reasons.
You can spend hours wandering the aisles of a bookstore istock/anyaberkut Most people feel a rush of excitement walking into a clothing store, but as a total bookworm, you feel completely at home in bookstores instead. You could spend hours scanning the shelves, running your fingers along the many spines, and seeing what's new in your favorite section. To you, bookstores aren't just comforting safe havens, they make you feel like a kid in a candy store, because you wish you could try them all. Most people feel a rush of excitement walking into a clothing store, but as a total bookworm, you feel completely at home in bookstores instead. You could spend hours scanning the shelves, running your fingers along the many spines, and seeing what's new in your favorite section. To you, bookstores aren't just comforting safe havens, they make you feel like a kid in a candy store, because you wish you could try them all.
You're permanently inspired by fictional characters istock/NicolasMcComber As an avid reader, you've come across a number of protagonists and authors that have permanently changed your life. You're a different (and hopefully better) person for having experienced these people, real or imagined. To pay homage, you feel the need to etch them into your everyday life. Perhaps you've gotten a tattoo of your favorite quote, or named your dog Fitz for F. Scott Fitzgerald. As a bookworm, you see nothing wrong with naming your child after characters like Atticus, Holden, or Rosaline. In fact, you find it commendable. These are the
As an avid reader, you've come across a number of protagonists and authors that have permanently changed your life. You're a different (and hopefully better) person for having experienced these people, real or imagined. To pay homage, you feel the need to etch them into your everyday life. Perhaps you've gotten a tattoo of your favorite quote, or named your dog Fitz for F. Scott Fitzgerald. As a bookworm, you see nothing wrong with naming your child after characters like Atticus, Holden, or Rosaline. In fact, you find it commendable. These are the most iconic books set in every state
Content continues below ad
Tayside entrepreneurs are being urged to get “pitch perfect” at a special workshop this month.
Business support group Elevator will be providing tips and guidance on applying for £150,000 of funding at Dundee University's Dalhousie Building on Wednesday February 22 between 9.45am and noon.
The free event is part of Dundee Enterprise Week, where Elevator will be assisting with applications for the Scottish EDGE Fund, which offers businesses the chance to pitch for up to £150,000 out of a £1.3 million prize fund.
Meanwhile, a Meet The Buyer event will take place at the Best Western Invercarse Hotel on February 21.
Nikki Mearns, operations manager of Business Gateway Dundee, said: “Dundee Business Week provides local entrepreneurs with a unique way to listen to industry experts, build long-lasting business relationships, and gain knowledge that will help their company stay ahead of the competition.
“Our region has a vibrant business community and we hope that business owners will take the opportunity to attend events that have been designed specifically to help them thrive regardless of size, sector or markets.”
By Abby Hassler
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver Country radio DJ, David Mueller is coming to close as the judge heard closing arguments from both parties today.
Related: Judge Drops DJ's Complaint Against Taylor Swift, Closing Arguments Expected Today
“That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue,” Mueller's attorney Gabriel McFarland said.
“Ms. Swift's story never changed. Ever. For four years,” Swift's attorney Douglas Baldridge said. “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?” he asked the jurors.
Baldridge then asked the jury to “return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation.”
The case is now with the jury.
Antonio Cromartie: Why vasectomy hasn't stopped me from having kids After welcoming his 14th child overall this past summer, former Jets cornerback Antonio Cromartie swears he and wife Terricka are now focused on raising their family, not expanding it. “That...
Antonio Cromartie's wife gives birth to his 14th child The former New York Jet said he had a vasectomy in 2011.
Vasectomy doesn't seem to be slowing down Antonio Cromartie Very virile Antonio's welcomed four kids so far with Terricka, who's six months pregnant, plus eight more with seven other women.
Emotional ex-Jets carry Joe McKnight's casket at his funeral NEW ORLEANS — Five former New York Jets teammates were pallbearers at the funeral for football player Joe McKnight, who was shot and killed Dec. 1 during a road-rage incident...
Antonio Cromartie blasts 'embarrassing' Jets game Antonio Cromartie has plenty of time these days to pick NFL teams apart on TV, and he made his opinions known Monday night during the Jets-Colts game. The veteran cornerback,...
Antonio Cromartie's wife: Colts cut him over anthem protest Antonio Cromartie took a knee and put his fist in the air twice during the playing of the national anthem. According to his wife, the Colts owner perceived that raised...
Antonio Cromartie's wife fed up with racist taunts over his unemployment In two days, Antonio Cromartie went from taking a stand to getting stood up — but it was his wife who stood the tallest. The 32-year-old cornerback joined the growing...
Every level of football is strolling down the path toward lunacy How do football teams typically score seven points? A field goal and two safeties, right? “So, why,” asks reader Pat Proietti, “can't ESPN treat us like adults? When updating scores...
How Antonio Cromartie joined Colin Kaepernick movement Antonio Cromartie lifted a fist and squatted to a knee and joined the national movement sweeping across the sports world. The former Jets cornerback was one of four players on...
Not for the first time Ireland have raised expectations of an elusive World Cup breakthrough by delivering Six Nations success just as the tournament comes into view.
Triple Crown, Grand Slam or Championship victories have sent Ireland to the last three World Cups confident of losing the tag as the sole top eight world ranked side never to have progressed beyond the quarter-finals, only to come up short each time.
But after completing a clean sweep of their Six Nations opponents in dominant fashion on Saturday, coach Joe Schmidt can be forgiven for thinking things will be different in Japan in 18 months time.
Ireland are now comfortably ranked second in the world and possess a squad loaded with eye-catching depth, having blooded a number of youngsters over the last seven weeks who do not look the least bit overawed on the international stage.
They have also developed a habit of winning after racking up victory number 12 on the trot with the grand slam-clinching 24-15 defeat of England at Twickenham.
"The way the younger players have come in, and not just fitted in, but wanting to keep getting better," Ireland captain Rory Best, the most senior member of the squad by more than three years at 35, said after the team's victory.
"As long as they keep that mentality and the guys who are a bit more experienced keep that 'I want to keep going forward' mentality, that's all you can ask."
Some of those younger players were among Ireland's standout performers. They unearthed a future captain-in-waiting in 21-year-old lock James Ryan, another world class backrow option in 23-year-old openside Dan Leavy while wing Jacob Stockdale broke the record for the most tries in a championship aged just 21.
Elsewhere the emergence of Andrew Porter, Chris Farrell and Bundee Aki - all Six Nations rookies - means Schmidt can plan a squad for Japan that will be one and two-men deep in a number of positions, notably at prop, second row, backrow and centre.
The lack of that kind of depth proved Ireland's undoing in the 2015 World Cup when they could not recover from losing five frontline starters during a punishing end to the pool stage.
Of Saturday's matchday 23, only six players will be over the age of 30 when the World Cup rolls around and the average age of Ireland's squad for all five games was a little over 26 years.
They remain hugely reliant on the pivotal halfback pairing of Conor Murray and Johnny Sexton but unlike in England, Ireland sign their key men up to central contracts with the national union, meaning they can manage their time at provincial level.
Next up is three tests in Australia in June where a first series victory in almost 40 years would lay down another marker.
"Knowing the group, this is what we wanted but we'll always want more because we're competitive and we're a little bit greedy," Best said.
A United Nations employee was busted for robbing four Manhattan banks — all during his lunch hour, authorities said.
Abdullahi Shuaibu, 53, was picked up by cops Monday and hit with two counts of robbery and two counts of attempted robbery for the crimes committed during his two-month spree.
All four banks are within walking distance of UN headquarters on First Ave. near E. 42nd St., where the Nigeria native works as a journalist for an African news agency, police said.
Authorities were led to the thief after a retired police officer who works at the facility recognized Shuaibu from a surveillance image previously released by the NYPD.
In the first incident, Shuaibu walked into a Santander Bank on Madison Ave. near E. 43rd St. on Feb. 27 and told the teller he had a gun. The bank employee complied and handed Shuaibu an unknown sum of money.
He hit two more banks during the month of March, first striking out at a Bank of America on Third Ave. near E. 47th St. on the 13th. He was successful in robbing a Santander Bank on Third Ave. and E. 63rd St. on the 27th.
During the most recent incident on Monday, Shuaibu walked into an HSBC on Third Ave. and E. 40th St. around 2:30 p.m. and passed a note demanding cash to the teller. The teller did not read the note and asked Shuaibu for identification.
He then instructed the employee to read the note, keeping his hand in his jacket pocket while simulating a gun, police said.
Police arrested him later in the day when he returned to the UN.
Ballparks are famously changing up the food items offered in honor of the postseason, and they concocted some crazy options. But nothing beats the Max Scherzer-inspired M&M's.
The Washington Nationals pitcher's left eye is brown and his right eye is blue – it's called heterochromia iridum – so the team created bags of only brown and blue M&Ms to match. They also have K's printed on them, obviously, with #eyecandy on the bag.
The Nats made playoff M&Ms inspired by Max Scherzer's eyes pic.twitter.com/ypa8O7NYQ0 — Dan Steinberg (@dcsportsbog) October 6, 2017
The Nationals partnered with Mars Inc., the company which produces M&M's, early this summer, SportsBusiness Daily reported.
These M&M's are awesome, but there's a catch. As The Washington Post‘s Dan Steinberg explained, they are not for sale, “but they might surface inside the stadium before a game, or during a game, or even after a game.”
That sounds like Nats fans will just have to be in the right place at the right time when they're given away – or when they mysteriously materialize at the ballpark.
Washington opens its postseason play against the Chicago Cubs in the NLDS on Friday at Nationals Park.
The ugly and tragic events in Charlottesville, Va., which resulted in the death of one 32-year-old woman who was hit by a car, have sparked rallies across the country — and the firing of at least one white nationalist marcher.
Trending hashtags on Twitter — #nazihunter and #goodnightaltright — and accounts like @yesyoureracist are calling on the public to identify people who attended the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville so they can be “brought to justice.” At least one alt-right protester has already been fired by his company for reportedly attending the march; he worked as a cook for the Berkeley, Calif., hot dog chain Top Dog. “I think it's really important as a statement to show that's not tolerated,” one customer told NBC Bay Area.
Experts say employers like Top Dog, who don't agree with views their employees express, have every right to fire those employees without any notice. The protesters in Charlottesville chanted anti-semitic and racist slogans such as “Jew will not replace us” and “blood and soil,” a phrase used by Nazis, as they carried tiki torches and weapons, marching on the University of Virginia's campus. They were opposing the removal of a statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee.
Employees are legally protected from being fired based on discrimination, for their race, color, religion, sex, or national origin, according to the Civil Rights Act of 1964. But the First Amendment, which prohibits the government from interfering in the free exercise of speech and religion, does not protect employees who make statements or donations in favor of causes their employers disagree with from being fired, said Mark Tushnet, a professor of law at Harvard Law School.
But perhaps more surprising: Companies also have the right to terminate anti-protesters who clashed with the white supremacy marchers. Attending a rally — no matter what side you're on — can get you fired. Private sector employees are generally employed at the will of the employer, Tushnet said, and their employers can fire them as they see fit. “That includes disagreement with what they say in public,” he said. (One big caveat: The employer could open itself up to lawsuits if it fires someone in what turns out to be a case of mistaken identity.)
Who is at risk of getting fired all depends on the company. Journalists were warned not to attend the women's march in Washington, D.C. following Trump's inauguration. The editor of The Atlantic, for example, told employees they couldn't do anything that might be perceived as political, except vote. In 2011, two NPR journalists were fired for participating in Occupy Wall Street protests. But if you work for the American Civil Liberties Union? Taking time out to march for a social cause may even burnish your credentials.
Talking about sensitive politics at work, posting on social media, or making donations to a political cause can also be grounds for firing, said Paula Brantner, senior adviser at Workplace Fairness, an employment law nonprofit. Employees sometimes mistakenly think giving a donation to a candidate is private, but it's public record, and can cost you your job “if an employer says I don't want someone who supports this candidate working with me,” she said.
There are exceptions to this rule. Some states including New York, California and the district Washington, D.C., have specific laws that protect employees from being disciplined for their political activities outside of work, said Merrick Rossein, a professor of law and former acting dean of CUNY Law School in New York, but even in those states, employers could argue that employees' views or actions make them unable to do their job well.
And many employees don't even have to attend a rally to be terminated. The author of the now infamous Google memo about diversity was dismissed from his job for saying women are inherently unsuited for jobs in tech, in part because they're prone to being neurotic. “The employer is also perfectly fine to say we don't want people who have those opinions working for our company,” Brantner said. The employee in question, software engineer James Damore, is reportedly exploring legal action against Google.
“I'm not going to be the one to tell people not to participate in rallies or support a candidate,” Brantner added, “but I want people to be aware there are potential consequences.”
A federal judge on Monday ordered LinkedIn Corp. to allow a startup company to scrape data publicly posted by LinkedIn users.
The decision marked a potentially precedent-setting defeat for the Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.50% -owned social-networking site in a case with deep implications for the growing industry of data analytics.
The ruling came in a lawsuit brought by hiQ Labs, a San Francisco company founded in 2012 that mines and analyzes publicly available personal data on LinkedIn to predict whether individual employees are likely to leave their jobs. HiQ sued LinkedIn in June after LinkedIn ordered hiQ to stop accessing its site and accused the startup of violating a federal antihacking law.
On Monday, U.S. District Judge Edward M. Chen in San Francisco granted a preliminary injunction giving hiQ access to LinkedIn, for now. In a 25-page opinion, Judge Chen said the 1986 Computer Fraud and Abuse Act wasn't meant to outlaw the data the collection of online public information.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Merck CEO quits Trump advisory council in ‘stance against intolerance and extremism'
Airlines dial up pampering for business class.
A Canadian Jihadist, a U.S. Pakistani extremist, and an Islamic Filipino money-man walk into Times Square…
(Via NBC) Authorities have cuffed three men in connection with an alleged ISIS-inspired plot to target concerts, landmarks and crowded subways in New York City in 2016, federal prosecutors announced Friday afternoon.
Three men — Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, a 19-year-old Canadian citizen; Talha Haroon, a 19-year-old U.S. citizen based in Pakistan; and Russell Salic, a 37-year-old Philippines citizen — were all arrested on terror-related charges in the alleged plot that would have targeted New York City during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan in 2016, according to Acting U.S. Attorney Joon H. Kim.
El Bahnasawy was detained on May 21, 2016, after he traveled to Cranford, New Jersey, to carry out the attacks; he has since pleaded guilty to multiple terrorism offenses. Haroon had allegedly made plans to travel to New York to join El Bahnasawy and was arrested in Pakistan. Salic, who allegedly wired money to the U.S. to fund the attack, was arrested in his home country.
Attorney information for the three men wasn't immediately available. El Bahnasawy will be sentenced in December and could face life in prison; the other two men could also spend the rest of their lives behind bars, if convicted. (read more)
Feds say they thwarted NYC plot targeting concert venues. https://t.co/bLdqjXpChg — The Associated Press (@AP) October 6, 2017
The Post debates whether a team can justify taking a running back — any running back — with the No. 2 pick in the draft. Why the Giants should, and why they shouldn't:
I won't say the Giants are crazy if they pick Saquon Barkley Thursday night, with the second pick of the NFL draft. I won't accuse Dave Gettleman of malpractice if he takes the Penn State star with the slot the Giants earned on merit by being the second-most-unwatchable team in all football last year.
Gettleman's first order of business in Thursday's draft — his only order of business — is to assemble as much talent as he possibly can. That means everywhere: offense, defense, the lines, the backfields. Saquon Barkley may be as talented a football player as there is on his draft board. Perhaps you can understand why he might ponder pulling the trigger on selecting the Penn State star.
But he shouldn't.
Moreover: He can't.
It would be the wrong move. And the Giants, at this point in their history, can't afford to be wrong: not when it comes to naming a coach (and it says here they picked a good one in Pat Shurmur), not when it comes to naming a GM (and, right now, Gettleman seems like a wise choice there), not when it comes to bolstering their roster (so far, so good, especially with the addition of Nate Solder).
And not when it comes to seizing upon the opportunity to pick second in the draft, especially at a time in franchise history when we are closing in on the denouement (if not the epilogue) of the Eli Manning Era, in a draft rich with quarterback talent, at a time when the NFL has become a place where the first three prerequisites for competing for a championship read thusly:
1. Draft an elite quarterback.
2. Play an elite quarterback.
3. Hand the keys over to an elite quarterback.
Barkley would be a wonderful human highlight film. Anyone who watched him fillet Big Ten defenses knows he is going to be one of those running backs whose skills turn balletic when slowed down by NFL Films, with some brass-heavy orchestration in the background. He will be fun to watch play.
Odell Beckham Jr. is fun to watch play, too.
And it remains a cogent point: the Giants have yet to win a playoff game with OBJ on the roster. And since the Giants are never at all ambiguous when it comes to the corporate mission — “We are in this to win Super Bowls,” co-owner John Mara said, as recently as last month — that seems an especially relevant thing.
Which isn't a commentary on Beckham. At all. He could well be a fundamental part of the next Giants team to make that kind of deep playoff run. But at some point the Giants have to come to terms with the fact Manning will not, that his time was magical, it was forever, but it is almost over. He may have some special Sundays left in that arm; does anyone really believe he has another January in there?
The truth is, if Gettleman does his job properly, he can find a running back elsewhere in the draft that could be just as valuable to the Giants' future as Barkley would be; with rare exception — read: Tom Brady, No. 199 — you aren't going to find a franchise quarterback back there.
This isn't just a new-age platitude, either. It's fact. Since 2008, of the 20 teams that qualified for the Super Bowl not one of them had one of its two top rushers come from a top-10 overall pick they drafted, according to Elias Sports Bureau. Think about that for a second.
Think about this: Of the top seven rushers in the NFL last year, only one — the Rams' Todd Gurley — was a top-10 pick. No. 1 was Kansas City's Kareem Hunt, and he was a third-rounder. So was the league's best rookie, New Orleans' Alvin Kamara. Not incidentally, both the Chiefs and Saints made the playoffs.
The leading rusher on your Super Bowl champion Philadelphia Eagles, LaGarrette Blount? He wasn't drafted at all. The leading rusher on your Super Bowl runner-up New England Patriots, Dion Lewis? He was a fifth-rounder.
On. And on. And on.
So no: Barkley wouldn't be a calamitous choice at all. He'll electrify Sunday afternoons somewhere. He'll be delightful to watch, especially if you have him on your fantasy team. But Dave Gettleman isn't in a fantasy league. He's in the real thing. And if he's wrong, the consequences won't just be the cost of a $100 entry fee.
Long before a back-nine birdie binge, Justin Thomas' Sunday charge at the 99th PGA Championship began with. . . a bogey. After missing the green with his approach shot on the first hole, Thomas bladed a bunker shot into another bunker, blasted out to about 14 feet, and drained the putt to avoid an opening disaster. The make was a sign of things to come -- and a continuance of how Thomas has operated all season.
Thomas went on to claim his first major title, and it was his major edge over the rest of the field in putts longer than 10 feet that made the difference. In addition to that bogey putt on the first hole, Thomas made three other putts from that range on Sunday, a 16-footer for birdie on No. 2, a 36-footer for birdie on No. 9, and the tournament-sealing 15-footer for birdie on No. 17.
Of course, Thomas also made that hanging eight-footer on 10 and that chip-in on 13. Those helped, too, but it was his longer putting that carried him. The 24-year-old didn't have one three-putt for the week at Quail Hollow, and he led the way in the putts-made-over-10-feet stat, converting on 12 of 40 he faced, or an even 30 percent. For comparison, the field averaged making only 13.63 percent of this length of putts.
RELATED: How Justin Thomas almost choked (it's not what you think)
Of Thomas' closest pursuers on the final leader board, Hideki Matsuyama was next-best in the category (fifth overall) at 24.32 percent, making nine of 37. And not surprisingly, Rory McIlroy finished dead last in the tournament on putts of more than 10 feet, converting just one of his 33 attempts for a scant 3.03 percent (He also ranks 173rd for the season).
What may come as a surprise, though, is how well Thomas has performed on putts of this length all season. Although his ball-striking, particularly his pound-for-pound power, garners most of the attention, Thomas, who is T-40th in strokes gained/putting, actually leads the PGA Tour in this stat for at 21.09 percent, just ahead of his pal Rickie Fowler at 20.72 percent. The tour average for the season is 15.37 percent, a number Thomas fell well below last year when he ranked 139th at 13.65 percent.
Thomas' recipe for success during a breakout season that includes three victories in addition to a first major is similar to the one used by another buddy, Jordan Spieth, during his historic 2015 campaign. Spieth led the tour that year by making 20.73 percent of his putts of over 10 feet on his way to winning the Masters, the U.S. Open, and claiming the FedEx Cup and PGA Tour Player of the Year honors. If Thomas is to follow in his friend's footsteps and claim that as well, it will have a lot to do with his increased accuracy from longer range.
RELATED: Why Justin Thomas' girlfriend almost missed his big win
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
The Industrial Internet of Things, or IIoT, connects machines and devices in industries such as transportation, power generation, and healthcare. The potential is high and so are the risks.
Everyone's heard of the IoT – smart thermostats, Internet-connected refrigerators, connected lightbulbs – but there's a subset called industrial IoT that has a much more significant day-to-day impact on businesses, safety and even lives.
The term IIoT refers to the Industrial Internet of Things. In broad strokes, it's the application of instrumentation and connected sensors and other devices to machinery and vehicles in the transport, energy and industrial sectors.
What that means in practice varies widely. One IIoT system could be as simple as a connected rat trap that texts home to say that it's been activated, while another might be as complicated as a fully automated mass production line that tracks maintenance, productivity and even ordering and shipping information across a huge, multi-layered network.
How the industrial internet of things is different from IoT
The industrial internet of things is also referred to as the industrial internet, a term coined by GE, and Internet of Industrial Things. Whatever you call it, the IIoT is different from other IoT applications in that it focuses on connecting machines and devices in industries such as oil and gas, power utilities and healthcare.
IoT includes consumer-level devices such as fitness bands or smart appliances and other applications that don't typically create emergency situations if something goes wrong.
Simply stated, there is more at stake with IIoT deployments where system failures and downtime can result in life-threatening or high-risk situations.
The IIoT brings computers from IT to operational technology, opening up vast possibilities for instrumentation, leading to major efficiency and productivity gains for almost any industrial operation.
Is IIoT its own category?
Technologically, IIoT works on similar principals to any other piece of IoT tech – automated instrumentation and reporting being applied to stuff that didn't have those capabilities before. That said, the scale of it is much different than a simple system that lets you mess with your thermostat on your phone – hundreds, perhaps thousands or even tens and hundreds of thousands of individual endpoints can be present in an IIoT deployment.
What are businesses doing with the industrial IoT?
Instrumentation for production lines can let companies track and analyze their processes on an enormously granular level, asset tracking can give a quick, accessible overview of a huge amount of material, and predictive maintenance can save companies big money by addressing problems before they have a chance to become serious – the number of potential use cases is vast, and growing by the day.
The Industrial IoT Consortium lists these 15 possible uses of IIoT:
Smart factory warehousing applications Predictive and remote maintenance. Freight, goods and transportation monitoring. Connected logistics. Smart metering and smart grid. Smart city applications. Smart farming and livestock monitoring. Industrial security systems Energy consumption optimization Industrial heating, ventilation and air conditioning Manufacturing equipment monitoring. Asset tracking and smart logistics. Ozone, gas and temperature monitoring in industrial environments. Safety and health (conditions) monitoring of workers. Asset performance management
Do you need to implement IIoT differently?
Yes, because IIoT devices can have much longer service lives than consumer gadgetry – Canonical executive vice president of IoT and devices Mike Bell estimates the average at seven to 10 years – so any implementation has to be built to last.
Even beyond the raw scale and longevity involved, the implementation process can be convoluted – the kind of back end necessary to make the most of the data gleaned from instrumentation is a considerable undertaking in and of itself, and has to be undertaken in close coordination with the rest of the enterprise. It requires a dedicated strategy for collecting data from endpoints, storing it in an accessible format – whether in a data center or in the cloud – feeding it to the analysis engine, and having a way to turn insights from that analysis into actionable and timely information.
How does machine-to-machine communication let the IIot talk to everything?
There's a wide range of different formats and technologies that address different parts of the need for machine-to-machine communication among connected devices. Physical layer technology like Sigfox and Zigbee, software layers like Weave and IoTivity - all of it is necessary for a fully functioning IIoT environment, and it all has to be interoperable.
What about IIoTsecurity and other concerns?
Just like consumer IoT, IIoT has a lot of security issues. Recall the Mirai botnet, which leveraged poorly secured security cameras and other gadgets into a huge DDoS weapon.
Beyond the possible use of compromised IIoT devices to create massive botnets, there's also the issue that vulnerabilities can be exploited to allow theft of valuable data already on your network – yet another attack vector.
One thing that might help keep IIoT secure, according to Bell, would be to borrow the increasingly common practice of automatic, silent downloading and patching from the consumer side of IoT. Some companies won't like this, preferring to have absolute control over the software running on their machines, but it could be a big help from a security perspective.
Other factors that IT leaders are concerned about include the following:
Lack of standardization . As an attempt to graft newer technology onto old, there's a huge range of different designs and standards for everything from transmission protocols to ingestion formats. Simply put, if the gizmo that sends operational information about the temperature of a blast furnace isn't made by the same company that makes the network or the data ingestion engine, they might not work together.
. As an attempt to graft newer technology onto old, there's a huge range of different designs and standards for everything from transmission protocols to ingestion formats. Simply put, if the gizmo that sends operational information about the temperature of a blast furnace isn't made by the same company that makes the network or the data ingestion engine, they might not work together. Integration with legacy technology . Lots of older equipment isn't designed to provide data in a format that's legible for modern IIoT tech, so getting a decades-old power station controller to talk to a sophisticated new IIoT infrastructure could require some translation.
. Lots of older equipment isn't designed to provide data in a format that's legible for modern IIoT tech, so getting a decades-old power station controller to talk to a sophisticated new IIoT infrastructure could require some translation. Money . As both of the above points highlight, fully embracing IIoT requires new hardware, new software and a new way of thinking about technology. The idea is to make money, but plenty of people are understandably worried by the up-front costs.
. As both of the above points highlight, fully embracing IIoT requires new hardware, new software and a new way of thinking about technology. The idea is to make money, but plenty of people are understandably worried by the up-front costs. People. Getting the most out of IIoT often requires expertise in machine learning, real-time analytics, and data science - to say nothing of cutting-edge knowledge of networking technology.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Pope Francis greeted some of the participants in the congress
Pope Francis delivered his first-ever address by Facebook Live on Friday - to coincide, aptly, with the end of a week-long event on children and technology.
But as he extolled the importance of protecting children, senior church figures in his own church are mired in abuse scandals.
This was the final day of an almost week-long congress on "child dignity in the digital age".
Hosted by the Centre for Child Protection at the Gregorian University in Rome, it brought together academics, digital companies, and church leaders in was an attempt to focus on the predicament of children online.
It's estimated that there are 3.2 billion users of the internet, of which a quarter (800 million) are children or adolescents.
That's 800 million young people who may be the victims of cyber-bullying, sexting, "sex-tortion", and harassment.
And so the Pope - in conjunction with a special live feed provided by Facebook - took to the stage and offered a fairly raw and uncensored homily on the subject.
What did he say?
From the outset, Pope Francis acknowledged the many benefits that have emerged from digital technology.
"However", he said, "we face a dark side of this new-found world, a world which is enabling a host of social ills that are harming the most vulnerable members of society."
"This is the existential question facing humanity today", he said, and warned: "We have to keep our eyes open and not hide from the unpleasant truth that we would rather not see."
Skip Twitter post by @Pontifex Let us ensure that the Internet is a safe and richly human place for children: a network that does not entrap them but helps them to grow. — Pope Francis (@Pontifex) October 6, 2017 Report
He then went on to describe a litany of abuses that originate online - the solicitation of minors for sex, people trafficking, even the commissioning and live viewing of acts of rape and violence against minors.
He also warned of the dangers of underestimating the impact and harm done to children who may be viewing such horrendous images.
"The progress of neurobiology, psychology and psychiatry have brought to light the profound impact of violent and sexual images on the impressionable minds of children."
Hypocrisy?
Image copyright EPA Image caption Cardinal Pell is accused of historical child sexual abuse, and will face a hearing in March
Earlier on Friday in Melbourne, Cardinal George Pell - treasurer and one of the most senior figures in the Vatican - appeared in court accused of multiple charges of historical child sexual abuse.
In March next year, Cardinal Pell will face a committal hearing to determine whether there is sufficient evidence for him to stand trial.
He has strongly denied any wrongdoing. His lawyer has said the cleric will plead not guilty to all charges.
In addition, a senior diplomat in the Vatican's embassy in Washington DC, Monsignor Carlo Capella, was accused two weeks ago of possessing child pornography.
Canadian police issued a warrant for his arrest, alleging that he had distributed child pornography during a Christmas visit to Ontario last year.
At the very highest levels of the Vatican, Pope Francis has to deal with allegations of child sexual exploitation.
And so, almost inevitably, the charge of hypocrisy has been levelled against him.
I think this is an attempt by Pope Francis to confront an issue that has cast the darkest of clouds over the entire church's ministry. And since he has never been personally accused of such wrongdoing, it probably enables him to speak with confidence about the issue.
Just two weeks ago, speaking to the Pontifical Ministry for the Protection of Minors (a ministry he set up in 2014), he said that the church had "lagged behind" other institutions and had also engaged in the "wrongful practice" of redeploying priests following allegations of abuse, instead of stopping them from continuing in ministry.
He went on to say that "the Church irrevocably and at all levels intends to apply the principle of 'zero tolerance' against the abuse of minors by members of the church."
The challenge for Pope Francis is whether the credibility of his efforts will continue to be undermined by allegations against such senior figures within the Vatican.
Australian businesses are ahead of their global counterparts when it comes to cloud adoption and DevOps, a survey suggests.
When it came to choosing a platform for new business applications, 69 per cent of local respondents said they would choose cloud-based software-as-a-service or platform-as-a-service over on-premise data centres, compared to 52 per cent globally.
The ServiceNow commissioned global study of 1,850 senior managers at large organisations, also found that slightly more Australian IT managers reported they were involved in DevOps than the global average (96 per cent compared to 94 per cent globally).
More than 80 per cent of Australian respondents claimed the rise of DevOps was a major factor driving the move to a cloud-first approach, compared to 76 per cent globally.
Ominous signs
David Oakley, ServiceNow managing director ANZ said that, nevertheless, the Cloud Computing Tipping Point study “uncovered some ominous signs for IT”.
Almost all Australian companies (98 per cent) who now adopted a cloud-first strategy said their current IT staff now lacked the required skill set.
Some 91 per cent felt cloud could be a replacement for a formal IT department at least some of the time.
“IT has traditionally exercised a great deal of control over the computing environment, allowing them to achieve the goals entrusted to them by the enterprise such as security, compliance, performance and reliability. In an agile, bottom-up cloud deployment world driven by DevOps, such control is difficult to achieve. IT will need to develop strategies to achieve enterprise goals from a position of less control,” Oakley said.
The study also noted that the “cloud-sprawl” made it difficult for IT departments to maintain visibility and predict computing costs.
Some 64 per cent of respondents globally said that the shift to cloud-first will make it more difficult to achieve 360-degree visibility and 63 per cent said predicting the cost of computing will suffer as they become cloud-first.
Raised relevancy
More than half (58 per cent) of those surveyed said the cloud shift raised IT's relevancy to the business.
“Amidst the cloud-first shift, there are some ominous signs for IT if there's no change. However we believe this presents a genuine opportunity for visionary IT organisations and teams who can become strategic partners to enterprises during this time of change,” Oakley added.
“For years we've talked about an enterprise shift from traditional data centre computing to cloud computing and this research confirms that business reality has caught up. Looking forward, cloud-first consumption will continue to accelerate at a break-neck speed with Australian organisations leading the way globally."
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Neda M. Guiliacci, 100
SAWYERVILLE (Oct. 6, 2017) – Neda M. Guiliacci, 100, of Sawyerville passed away Tuesday, Oct. 3, 2017, at Heritage Health of Staunton.
She was born July 9, 1917, in Staunton to William and Anna (Lorenzi) Dal Pozzo. She married Sesto Guiliacci on Nov. 11, 1948, in Carlinville; he preceded her in death on Feb. 23, 1993.
Mrs. Guiliacci was a homemaker.
Surviving are her step-daughter-in-law, Judy Andrews of Burbank, Calif.; three step-grandchildren; and several nieces and nephews.
In addition to her parents and husband, she was preceded in death by a brother, John Dal Pozzo; sister, Victoria Bof; and step-sons, Marlan Guiliacci and Ronald Guiliacci.
Friends may call from 10 a.m. until services at 11 a.m., Monday, Oct. 9, at Kravanya Funeral Home in Benld, with Father Michael Haag officiating. Burial will be at Memorial Park Cemetery, Staunton.
Memorials may be made to St. Jude Children's Hospital.
Anyone wishing to send an online condolence may do so at kravanyafuneral.com.
Erin Andrews thought her career was finished — and she still can't forgive the stalker who made her feel that way when he posted nude video of her all over the internet.
Eight years later, her career isn't over. Far from it.
Because Erin Andrews does not back down from a fight.
Andrews — co-host of ABC's "Dancing With the Stars" and the lead sideline reporter for Fox Sports' coverage of the National Football League — said in an interview on NBC's "Sunday Night With Megyn Kelly" that the name Michael David Barrett still "makes me want to throw up and hit him in the face."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Erin Andrews Talks About Trauma of Being Stalked 0:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In December 2009, Barrett pleaded guilty to stalking Andrews at three hotels. He altered the peephole of her hotel room door and secretly videotaped her in the nude; then he posted the video online. At the time, Andrews was a sports reporter for ESPN.
"I was just stunned. I was in shock. I was embarrassed," Andrews told Kelly. "I was freaking out so much that when I called my parents, my dad thought I had been injured in a car accident because I was just screaming bloody murder on the other end."
Barrett was sentenced to 2½ years in prison — not enough time, said Andrews, who believes the criminal justice system should take stalking more seriously.
Erin Andrews, left, and Megyn Kelly in Santa Monica, California. Their interview airs Sunday, June 11, at 7 p.m. ET, 6 p.m. CT and 10 p.m. PT during 'Sunday Night With Megyn Kelly on NBC. Sunday Night With Megyn Kelly
Erin Andrews does not back down from a fight.
Andrews sued Barrett and the companies that owned and managed one of the hotels — mainly, she said, to hold them accountable. Walking into the courtroom in Nashville, Tennessee, she'd tell herself: "I'm going to be the Green Bay Packer offensive line right now. I'm going to walk in like I am going to crush that D-line, and I'm going to go after them."
She won a $55 million judgment in March 2016, a verdict that she eventually settled for an undisclosed sum.
With the trial behind her, Andrews was looking forward to getting back to life as usual. But just months later came a new battle.
Andrews got a text message from her gynecologist. It read: "You need to call me right now."
"I was like, 'Oh, this isn't good,'" Andrews said. Cancer cells had been discovered in her cervix.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Jan. 25: Erin Andrews on Her Secret Cancer Battle 2:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Erin Andrews does not back down from a fight.
She needed surgery right away, but she was determined not to miss any games. She had the procedure and then, despite her doctor's recommendation, flew to Green Bay, Wisconsin, for a ceremony honoring Packers legend Brett Favre.
"Brett Favre is one of my favorite NFL players of all time. I'm not missing this," she said. "This is my life. This is what makes me happy. This is what makes me feel safe."
But then, shortly thereafter, Andrews' doctor called again.
"She said, 'The cancer cells have gone past the margin, and we need to do a hysterectomy.'" That's an operation to remove part or all of the uterus.
"I remember thinking, 'This isn't happening, because I just went through hell a few months ago," Andrews said. "I was like, 'This can't even be real.'"
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Three Things Every Woman Should Know About Cervical Cancer 2:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Erin Andrews does not back down from a fight.
She sought a second opinion and chose to undergo a less invasive procedure.
This time, her doctor told her, "I have really good news." She was cancer free. She didn't have to go through a hysterectomy. Kids are "definitely possible," she said.
And there was one more reason to celebrate at the end of the year. Andrews became engaged to her boyfriend, Jarret Stoll, who retired last year after a long career in the National Hockey League.
Andrews acknowledged that she's been through a year of hell. But "it's made me feel like the vet that's down, maybe, two scores in the Super Bowl that wills his team back."
Erin Andrews does not back down from a fight.
"I'm proud of myself," she said. "I know I try to act really tough, [like] 'I got it, I got it.' But sometimes, you know, you really wonder if you do.
"But when you really sit back, you say, 'OK — but I've handled it.'"
Bayern Munich defender David Alaba will face a late fitness test following a thigh injury
BBC coverage
How to follow: Listen on BBC Radio 5 live and BBC local radio; text commentary on the BBC Sport website
Bayern Munich defender David Alaba will face a late fitness ahead of the first leg of their Champions League semi-final against Real Madrid at the Allianz Arena.
Alaba sat out Bayern's final training session on Tuesday with a thigh strain, but coach Jupp Heynckes says a decision will be made early on Wednesday as to whether he will be in the squad.
Midfielder Corentin Tolisso is also a doubt while Brazilian defender Rafinha is likely to replace Alaba if he fails to make the squad.
On-loan Real Madrid midfielder James Rodriguez could start after being used as a substitute in the 3-0 victory over Hannover on Saturday.
Madrid has no fresh injury concerns.
MATCH PREVIEW
Bayern Munich coach Heynckes helped re-establish Real Madrid's reputation as kings of Europe by winning the Champions League in 1998 after a 32-year drought.
But his memories were not fond ones as he was sacked eight days later when his side finished fourth in the league during his single season in charge.
Now Heynckes' former club stand in the way of his bid to become only the third coach alongside Carlo Ancelotti and Bob Paisley to win Europe's biggest prize three times.
Bayern, who have already won the Budesliga title and the German Cup, are hoping to complete the treble in Heynckes' fourth spell in charge.
But this time Bayern is the underdogs as 12-time champions Real Madrid are looking to win their third successive Champions League trophy under Zinedine Zidane.
"You have to look back to last October," said Heynckes. "We did not think we were going to be champions with five games to spare and to be semi-finalists (in Europe)."
"These are two teams with a great tradition in European football, who play and love attractive football.
"It's a difficult draw for both sides," he added.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a late penalty to win the quarter-final second leg against Juventus
The Bayern coach also played down the threat of Real Madrid top scorer Cristiano Ronaldo, who has scored in all 10 of their European matches this season - taking his tally to 42 goals in all competitions.
He scored five goals over two legs in Madrid's 6-3 aggregate win over Bayern in the 2017 quarter-finals.
"Of course, he's a big topic for us in the game analysis," said Heynckes.
"But don't forget we have Robert Lewandowski, who has scored 39 goals. So you have to ask, how can you stop Lewandowski?
"There are world-class players on both sides."
Madrid coach Zidane said his side were going "to think positively" despite coming under criticism in recent weeks for missing a number of clear goalscoring chances.
"I'm not worried," said Zidane. "It's true that in the last two games we have had chances and we have not taken them but now we are going to have a game on Wednesday away from home.
"We are going to try to score and realise that this is football anything can happen, no matter who is playing on the pitch."
Analysis
German football writer Raphael Honigstein on the BBC Radio 5 live's Euro Leagues Football Show
"Real Madrid are favourites, I think it's a 60-40 situation. But Bavaria will look at the other semi-finalists and think 'they're all there because they upset the odds along the way. Why can't we do it?'
"I think James Rodriguez will play - he didn't start at the weekend at Hannover which I think was a clear indication he will start.
"Bayern have shown very little of the fluidity and out-of-this-world football we've become accustomed to in this spell but they've almost become the Bayern of old - they somehow find a way of winning games.
"The mindset has changed and become more efficient and in the moment. They don't dominate games like the unbelievable football of Guardiola, but they are just as good if not better at making the most out of the key moments.
"They will take some belief from what Juventus have done. Heynckes will never go all out. He'll say 'let's keep it really tight and not concede if possible."
Former Real Madrid boss Jupp Heynckes (left) could become the oldest manager to win the Champions League, at 72
MATCH FACTS
With all the Super Bowl parties happening on Sunday night lots of people will be on the road who normally wouldn't be, including some who shouldn't be.
That's why the Wood County Sheriff's Office will have additional patrols out this weekend through Monday.
Deputies will be paying special attention to violations such as driving under the influence, failure to yield, and speeding.
They say will be a zero tolerance for diving under the influence or seat belt violations.
The increased patrols are being made possible through an Ohio Traffic Safety Office grant.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
WESTFIELD, N.J. — A New Jersey house whose current owners were scared off the property by a creepy letter writer known as “The Watcher” is up for sale again.
Derek and Maria Broaddus bought the Westfield home in 2014, but they didn't move in after receiving the first of four letters from the anonymous stalker. The family tells NJ.com that the letter writer requested information about their children.
The house, which went up for sale on Monday, was previously listed in March 2016.
The Broadduses say they can't live in the house because of the letters, which they say came from someone with a “mentally disturbed fixation” on the home. They say they received the last letter earlier this year.
Westfield police have previously said there's no suspect in the case.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:37 Tax commissioner shows cramped quarters
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:57 Police officer donates bike to help Warner Robins man with his daily commute
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
When Scott Stapf read a story about Puerto Rico's “once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to rethink how it gets electricity,” he had a thought: Could Elon Musk rebuild the country's electricity system with independent solar and battery systems?
So, he posed the question on Twitter probably not expecting to get an answer from the man himself.
But that's exactly what he got:
As Musk says in his tweet, Tesla is familiar with what it takes, though on a smaller scale than the one desperately needed in Puerto Rico. Check out this video of how it works on the Samoan island of Ta'u, from the SolarCity blog:
Late Thursday, Puerto Rico Gov. Ricky Rossello expressed his interest, tweeting “Let's talk” to Musk, saying “PR could be that flagship project.”
Musk has already stepped up in a big way to do his part for Puerto Rico. After the hurricane left the island's grid in shambles, Tesla reportedly sent hundreds of Powerwalls — battery systems designed to store energy — along with employees to install them in an effort to restore power.
Musk also donated $250,000 of his own money to the relief effort.
Tesla shares have gained 66 percent in 2017, while the S&P 500 SPX has gained 14 percent and the Dow Jones Industrial Average has gained 15 percent.
0:51
Trump says any NFL player who sits during anthem is 'son of a bitch' and should be fired
Pauline Hanson and her chief of staff, James Ashby next to the Jabiru plane.
One Nation has just declared a donation of $30,000 worth of use of a plane during the 2016 election, a year since the Australian Electoral Commission (AEC) began investigating why it was not declared as a donation in the first place.
The updated declaration for 2015-2016 donations was made in a form uploaded to the AEC website on Tuesday. It added 243 hours worth of flights made by senator Pauline Hanson's chief of staff James Ashby. This donation to One Nation was estimated to be worth $30,175 based on a $125 hourly rate.
The Jabiru J230 plane was prominent in One Nation's campaigning across Queensland during the 2016 election, and bore the One Nation logo, a picture of Hanson's face and the phrase "fed up". Reports suggest that the plane was later painted over to remove One Nation signage.
The AEC investigation started in March last year, after One Nation's former treasurer Ian Nelson told ABC's Four Corners the plane should be declared, alleging that the purchase of the plane by Ashby was made possible by property developer Bill McNee.
Nelson alleged he was overruled by Hanson and Ashby.
On the Bolt Report in May last year, Hanson said McNee provided the finance for the plane to Ashby for Ashby's business rather than One Nation, but said it was hers to use.
Queensland Labor senator Murray Watt, who wrote to the AEC asking for an investigation last year, said the disclosure just raised more questions.
"It is still not clear who actually owns the plane — James Ashby, One Nation or senator Hanson herself?
"Where did the $100,000 come from to buy to the plane? Was it a gift from senator Hanson's property developer mate, Bill McNee? Was it declared, like all political donations are meant to be?"
In a statement, the AEC said it was "still actively investigating disclosure matters related to the plane. In line with standard practice, the AEC makes no comment regarding matters currently under investigation".
BuzzFeed News has sought comment from One Nation.
BEIJING — North Korea is awaiting another visit by former NBA bad boy Dennis Rodman on Tuesday in what would be his first to the country since President Donald Trump took office.
Wearing sunglasses and a black T-shirt advertising a marijuana cybercurrency, Rodman passed through immigration at Beijing airport, from where he is expected to fly to Pyongyang, the North Korean capital.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed NBA Star Dennis Rodman Heads to North Korea 0:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Rodman has received the red-carpet treatment on each of his past visits but has been roundly criticized for doing so during a time of high tensions between the U.S. and North Korea over its weapons programs.
His entourage included Joseph Terwilliger, a professor who has accompanied Rodman on previous trips to North Korea.
In Tokyo, a visiting senior U.S. official said his government is aware of Rodman's trip and wishes him well.
"Dennis Rodman is a private citizen. We are aware of his visit. We wish him well, but we have issued travel warnings to Americans suggested they not travel to North Korea for their own safety," U.S. Undersecretary of State Thomas Shannon told reporters.
In 2014, Rodman arranged a basketball game with other former NBA players and North Koreans and regaled leader Kim Jong-un with a rendition of "Happy Birthday." On the same trip, he suggested an American missionary was at fault for his own imprisonment in North Korea, remarks for which he later apologized.
A foreign ministry official who spoke to the AP in Pyongyang confirmed Rodman was expected to arrive on Tuesday but could not provide details. He spoke on condition of anonymity because the ministry had not issued a formal statement. CNN reported earlier that Rodman was at the Beijing airport.
Any visit by a high-profile American is a political minefield and Rodman has been criticized for failing to use his influence on leaders who are otherwise isolated diplomatically from the rest of the world.
Former NBA basketball star Dennis Rodman is seen in a security queue at Beijing's International Airport's terminal 2 on Tuesday while en route to North Korea. Wong Maye-E / AP
Americans are regarded as enemies in North Korea since the two countries never signed a peace treaty to formally end the 1950-53 Korean War. Thousands of U.S. troops are based in South Korea, and the Demilitarized Zone between the North and South is one of the most heavily fortified borders in the world.
Rodman's T-shirt advertised potcoin, one of a growing number of cybercurrencies used to buy and sell marijuana in state-regulated markets.
North Korea has been hailed by marijuana news outlets and British tabloids as a pothead paradise and maybe even the next Amsterdam of pot tourism. But the claim that marijuana is legal in North Korea is not true: The penal code lists it as a controlled substance in the same category as cocaine and heroin.
(NBC NEWS) Nearly 300 rabbits were rescued from what police described as unsanitary conditions at a home in Folsom, California Friday.
The animals are in protective custody at the SPCA in Sacramento as evidence in a police investigation.
- Advertisement -
“We currently have 286 rabbits in our care,” said Dawn Foster, a spokeswoman with the Sacramento Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. “And they came to us in two different transports.”
Foster said 54 rabbits were rounded up on Friday afternoon, and 232 more on Friday evening.
The Folsom Police seized the animals because the living conditions were unsanitary and city code allows only two rabbits per household.
“There was definitely a smell,” said Jake Allen-Barfield, who lives next door.
Read more: http://bit.ly/2FWBZUp
HERCULES — As a member of the U.S. Army's elite Philippine Scouts unit, Januario “Janny” Ruiz fought alongside American soldiers in his native Philippines in World War II. He survived the Bataan Death March and six months as a Japanese prisoner of war.
But for decades, he and his fellow Filipino World War II veterans never received the recognition, or benefits, that were bestowed on their American counterparts, despite the fact the Philippines was a U.S. commonwealth at the time and its soldiers U.S. nationals.
The Filipino Veterans of World War II Congressional Gold Medal Act of 2015, signed into law earlier this month by President Barack Obama, seeks to remedy, at least in part, that slight. It will give some 260,000 Filipino and Filipino-American veterans who served during World War II a collective Congressional Gold Medal, the United States' highest civilian honor.
“The gold medal is good; what else are they going to do now?” said Ruiz, a Hercules resident who later served with the U.S. Army in the Korean War, where he earned the Purple Heart and Bronze Star. “It shows that we did something by serving.”
The 98-year-old said he wishes it would have come sooner, while more of his peers were still alive.
Related Articles San Jose: Former rehab center to become house for homeless vets
Trump: Michelle Obama's ‘no hope' comment about the past
Veterans commemorated in national wreath ceremony
Army Corps blocks route of Dakota Access oil pipeline One of those peers who didn't live to be awarded the Congressional Gold Medal was Luis Gaerlan Jr., who died in July 2014 in his San Francisco home. His daughter said the new medal honors him and so many others who defended the United States and didn't necessarily receive the proper respect for their service.
“This medal establishes their place in history,” said Cecilia Gaerlan, executive director of the Berkeley-based Bataan Legacy Historical Society, which works to promote the historical significance of World War II in the Philippines. “Prior to this, it wasn't ever formally recognized.”
An estimated 15,000 Filipino veterans, the youngest about 90, are still alive today. Individual replica copper medals could come in a few years to those soldiers and the family members of those who haven't survived, many of whom live in the Bay Area.
The medal won't completely make up for years of what some Filipino-American activists have called “shameful behavior” and “neglect” since 1946, when two Congressional “Rescission Acts” canceled the benefits and citizenship offered many of the soldiers from the Philippines who fought for what was called the U.S. Army Forces in the Far East. Lawmakers apparently balked at paying benefits of between $1 billion and $3 billion.
Antonio Taguba, a retired two-star general and chairman of the Filipino Veterans Recognition Project, said the Congressional Gold Medal is a “tertiary prize, if you will,” for the Filipino veterans who never got the benefits they had been promised during World War II. But even a consolation prize, he said, is gratefully appreciated.
“After enduring 75 years of injustice and humiliation, our Filipino World War II veterans regained their honor and dignity,” said Taguba, who now lives in Manteca. “Obviously, this is long overdue.”
The seeds of the gold medal were in a 2008 bill introduced by then-U.S. Rep. Tom Udall, now a senator from New Mexico. U.S. Rep. Mike Thompson, D-Napa, was one of six representatives who sponsored the House version of the newest bill, which was approved Nov. 30. Obama signed it into law two weeks later.
“This bill, which is now law, ensures that Filipino veterans from our district and across our country get the recognition they deserve for their service and sacrifice during World War II,” Thompson said in a statement.
The Bay Area is home to a large Filipino-American population — fully one-third of Daly City's population of 104,000 is of Filipino descent, and other notable Filipino-American communities are found in San Francisco, Vallejo, Pittsburg, Hercules and Union City.
Hilarion Ayalin Sr., who fought in the same unit as Janny Ruiz in the Philippines, died in 1993. Hilarion's son, 77-year-old Cip Ayalin, of Hercules, said his father was treated well as a military man. He also knows others weren't, and said the Congressional Gold Medal goes a long way toward restoring a sense of honor with those not suitably honored earlier.
“When (President) Truman canceled the benefits, that was rather unfair,” said Ayalin. “They had not been treated well in terms of compensation.”
It wasn't until 2009 that, as part of a larger stimulus bill, $198 million was appropriated for the approximately 20,000 (at that time) surviving Filipino troops. Those who had become U.S. citizens were to get $15,000 each, and noncitizens $9,000. Ayalin said those one-time payments, while perhaps less than the soldiers deserved, were a meaningful gesture.
For now, the single gold medal will reside at the Smithsonian in Washington, D.C. When, and if, the individual copper medals are made, Taguba envisions at least one Bay Area medal ceremony at some point.
Reading this on your iPhone or iPad? Check out our new Apple News app channel here and click the + at the top of the page to save to your Apple News favorites.
Ed Diokno, of Pittsburg, said his father hardly ever talked about his time in the Philippine Scouts and, later, the U.S. Army in the Philippines. But he saw Melchor Diokno, as president of the Filipino American Political Association and other service organizations, lobby for years for members of Congress to sponsor bills to give other Filipino veterans citizenship.
“I wish my dad could have lived to see this day, but I'm sure somewhere he's smiling, not for himself but for his comrades-in-arms,” said Diokno, adding that the gold medal means a great deal for the soldiers' surviving families, as well.
“We (Filipinos) revere our elders, so any recognition bestowed on the World War II Filipino veterans — in turn — reflects on their descendants, too, and benefits all the Filipinos who immigrated to the U.S. since the war.”
Peter Byrne - Cedarwood Park, Newbridge
Byrne Peter, Cedarwood Park, and late of Ballysax, The Curragh, Died February 13, (suddenly) at his home. Husband of the late Cora, sadly missed by his loving children, Adrian, Caroline, Peter, Fiona, Noel, and Karl, grandchildren Josh, Áine and Peter, sister Betty, brother Jay, brother-in-law, Ted, sister-in-law May, nieces, nephews, extended family, relatives and friends. Reposing at Anderson and Leahy Funeral Home from 6pm on Wednesday with prayers at 7.30pm, and from 4pm on Thursday. Removal Thursday evening at 5.45pm to arrive at Cill Mhuire, Ballymany, for 6.30pm, funeral mass at 10am on Friday morning with burial afterwards to St. Conleth's Cemetery, Newbridge
Sr. Evelyn Courtney - Holy Family Convent, Naas Road, Newbridge
Courtney, Newbridge, and formerly of Ballinacourty, Annascaul, Co. Kerry, February 13, Sr. Evelyn, who died peacefully at Holy Family Convent, Newbridge. Deeply regretted by her sisters Ann, Maureen, Bernie and brother Martin, sister-in-law, brothers-in-law, nieces, nephews, extended family, Holy Family Sisters and caring staff at Convent. Reposing in Convent Chapel on Wednesday, February 15 from 2.30pm. Removal Thursday, February 16 to St. Conleth's Parish Church, Newbridge at 10.45am. for Funeral Mass at 11am. Burial afterwards in St. Conleth's Cemetery, Newbridge
Richie (Richard) Price - Feighcullen, Rathangan
Peacefully surrounded by his loving family. Missed terribly by his loving wife Kay, daughters Triona, Rita, Laura, Katie and his son Richard, sons-in-law, brothers, sisters, extended family and friends. Reposing at his family home from 9am on Thursday morning. Removal on Thursday morning at 10:30am to arrive at the Church of the Holy Trinity, Allen for Requiem Mass at 11am. Cremation at Newlands Cross Crematorium at 2pm. Family flowers only please. Donations, if desired, to Tallaght Hospital. Donations box in church.
Ita (Brigid) Purcell (née Maguire) - Coarse Moor, Straffan
Purcell (née Maguire), Ita (Brigid), Coarse Moor, Straffan, February 14, peacefully in the loving care of the staff of Craddock House Nursing Home, Naas, beloved wife of the late Martin, deeply regretted by her loving sons Shay and Ger, daughters Patricia, Ann and Helen, sons-in-law Kenneth and Tom, daughters-in-law Ita and Mary, brother Tom, sisters Maura and Maeve, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, grandchildren, nephews, nieces, relatives and friends. Reposing at her son Shay's residence in Baronrath, Straffan on Wednesday from 4pm with Rosary at 8pm. Removal on Thursday morning from her house in Coarse Moor at 11.30am to arrive at St. Brigid's Church, Straffan for 12pm Funeral Mass, followed by burial in Straffan Cemetery.
For more recent deaths in Kildare, click here.
Image copyright BBC/AFP Image caption Michael Le (left) and Khong Tam Tanh (right) were found guilty
Three Britons have been sentenced to jail and caning in Singapore for having sex with a drunk and unconscious woman.
Khong Tam Thanh, Vu Thai Son, and Michael Le went on trial this week for raping a woman in a hotel room in the city-state in September.
The three men, who are in their early 20s, later pleaded guilty to reduced charges.
They received sentences of up to six-and-a-half years in jail and eight strokes of the cane.
The men flew in to Singapore last year with a group of friends for a stag party and to attend a music festival.
One of their friends later met the woman, a Malaysian, at a nightclub and she consented to have sex with him at his hotel room.
She later passed out, and the three men then took turns to have sex with her.
The woman woke up while Le was on top of her, and lodged a police report later.
The men were eventually found guilty of aggravated outrage of modesty and wrongful restraint of the woman under reduced charges in an apparent plea deal, reported local media.
The BBC's Karishma Vaswani in Singapore said the three men looked visibly relieved in court after the judge delivered their sentences.
Our correspondent says the case has generated some controversy in Singapore, with some on social media questioning how the Britons were able to get reduced charges.
LITTLE ROCK — The Department of Corrections in Arkansas is gearing up to put at least one man to death on Monday night despite a number of legal hurdles that stand in the way of the state's planned executions.
Bruce Ward and Don Davis's executions were scheduled to begin Monday at 7 p.m. and 8:15 p.m. respectively, but that plan has been put into question as the Arkansas Attorney General's office fights multiple legal challenges — including a judge staying Ward's execution after his lawyer said he was not mentally competent to face capital punishment. Ward is believed to suffer from schizophrenia.
Nevertheless, the state's Department of Corrections said they moved Davis to its Cummins Unit, where the state's death chamber is housed, over the past few days. Davis had filed his own legal challenges about his mental competencies — his lawyer said Davis has an IQ of 70 — but a federal judge rejected his stay request on Easter Sunday.
The pressure is on as one key drug for the state's lethal injection protocol — the controversial sedative midazolam, which has failed in past executions and caused inmates to suffer before dying — is set to expire at the end of the month. The state has no means of replacing the drug in the foreseeable future, essentially stalling executions for an unknown period of time.
Gov. Asa Hutchinson had originally scheduled eight men to die over 10 days, but District Judge Kristine Baker placed a temporary injunction on all of the executions. In a 101-page opinion, she wrote that the midazolam could be unconstitutional, as it might allow for cruel and unusual punishment.
“The threat of irreparable harm to the plaintiffs is significant,” she wrote, “if midazolam does not adequately anesthetize plaintiffs, or if their executions are ‘botched,' they will suffer severe pain before they die.”
In response, the state attorney general's office filed a 27-page motion to quickly vacate the injunction on Saturday to the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals, leaving the court to decide over Easter Sunday and Monday.
RELATED: Damien Echols, Ex-Death Row Inmate, Speaks for the Condemned
The defense answered Monday morning with a new brief, urging the St. Louis-based 8th Circuit to take its time in considering its opinion. Baker, they said, had heard from 17 witnesses and a case that included 1,300 pages of transcripts and 90 exhibits of more than 2,000 pages of documents before she came to a decision.
“Plaintiffs ask the Court to reject the State's request for a rushed analysis of this complex record and instead give calm consideration to these grave issues after full briefing and argument,” the brief stated.
Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge's office responded Monday morning with their own brief that said the inmates' lawyers were taking advantage of the legal system.
“In reality — like this entire proceeding — Appellees' request is nothing more than an attempt to manipulate the judicial process and make it impossible for Arkansas to carry out Appellees' just and lawful sentences,” Rutledge's office wrote.
But Baker's decision isn't the only legal roadblock that the state faces as it looks to execute its first inmate since 2005.
Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen placed a temporary restraining order on the state's ability to use the second drug in its lethal injection protocol — vecuronium bromide.
Pharmaceutical company McKesson Medical-Surgical claimed the Department of Corrections essentially duped them in acquiring the drug, stating that they sold the vecuronium bromide under the pretense that it would be used for health reasons — not an execution.
The state's director of the department of corrections, Wendy Kelly, disputed the charge in testimony on Thursday.
But it was the judge in the pharmaceutical company's case who developed intrigue Friday evening. Soon after Griffen scheduled a hearing for Tuesday morning, he joined a protest of the executions outside the governor's mansion. To depict the inmate's experience on the Arkansas death house gurney, he strapped himself to a cot on the sidewalk outside Hutchinson's home.
Judge Wendell Griffen portrays a prisoner on a gurney during a protest against executions in front of the governor's mansion in Little Rock, Ark. on April 14, 2017. Mitchell McCoy / KARK
The state attorney general's office is now seeking to have him removed from the case and Republican lawmakers want him to leave the bench altogether, stating that he did not act impartially.
“As a public opponent of capital punishment, Judge Griffen should have recused himself from this case,” said the state attorney general's spokesman, Judd Deere.
But for now, that case floats in a new state of legal limbo.
McKesson, the pharmaceutical company, is seeking to drop its lawsuit and vacate the temporary restraining order against its drug after Baker's temporary injunction, but it plans to bring its lawsuit up again if the 8th Circuit dismissed the stay.
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says she developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having her kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer.
She said she was told at the time that the mistake was no one's fault and that “medicine is not an exact science.”
Sharon Marson, who now lives in New Brunswick, attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her, and The Ottawa Hospital. Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them, but her lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because she waited too long to pursue it.
Marson's surgery was in August 2000. For most lawsuits, the claim must be issued within two years. Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015.
She said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “I have been the victim of medical malpractice.” Until then, she said, she was not aware there had been malpractice.
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of her service in the armed forces. Tests done after the exam found a “shadow” on her right kidney and she was referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy.
He ordered a series of tests. Based on those, he concluded she had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and her ureter be surgically removed, to which she agreed.
In August 2000, during a post-op consultation, Leahy told her the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was, in fact, benign and that she had a kidney infection and scarring, not cancer.
“Following my nephrectomy, I was told that the pathology report, much to Dr. Leahy's surprise, was not cancer. I had been misdiagnosed. I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue, for which I had had not one symptom,” she said in a court document.
According to court documents, Marson stated that after surgery she had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “false positive result” for cancer and that “tests can be wrong, but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted.”
He added, “Medicine is not an exact science.”
At the time, she said, several people encouraged her to launch a lawsuit, but she declined.
It was only when she was applying for a disability pension, she said, that she read the entire medical file and was struck by an “inconsistency” between what the doctor told her and her husband after the surgery and what the records said.
At the heart of her concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery, which was negative for cancer. Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening. Marson argued that further testing should have been done, in light of that result, before her kidney was removed.
“He never explained to me that he should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and he maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life.”
In court testimony, Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery. He also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to his diagnosis.
Marson, meanwhile, who had been working as a supply technician, said she left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD.
When she underwent a medical exam as part of her release from the military later in 2000, she talked about the misdiagnoses as part of her reason.
“I now know that, at all material times, I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment.” It was only after receiving treatment for them that she was capable of commencing legal action, she said, which is why she waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings.
“I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state.”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment. The Ottawa Hospital released this statement: “The Court was clear in its decision in this case. The hospital cannot speak on behalf of other parties.”
epayne@postmedia.com
Jonathan Rea will attempt to put his faltering World Superbike title rivals to the sword at Misano in Italy this weekend before the championship enters the summer break.
The Kawasaki rider has clear daylight in the standings following his commanding double in the previous round at Laguna Seca in the USA.
Rea now holds an advantage of 75 points over Ducati's Chaz Davies with five of the 18 rounds remaining.
His dominant lead equates to three race wins and the triple champion is turning the screw in his pursuit of a fourth consecutive world crown, which would see the 31-year-old Ulster rider join Carl Fogarty as the joint most successful riders ever in World Superbikes.
After a holiday with his family, Rea is feeling relaxed and re-energised as he targets his ninth win of the season at the Marco Simoncelli Circuit near Italy's Adriatic Coast.
“Misano is one of my favourite races of the season and this year we planned a holiday before the race with my family, staying on the beach with our motor home,” Rea said.
“It sets the weekend up perfectly as I feel recharged for the last race before the summer break.
“The circuit is pretty straightforward and has a mix of everything.
“Although it's flat, it's still a challenge to find a compromise with set up, so we will work hard on Friday to make sure we can be competitive.
“It's important to strengthen our position in the championship. Our target is to keep working the way we have in the previous races and maximise our potential.”
Rea boasts a strong record at Misano, where he achieved his first World Superbike victory in 2009, going on to win four times in all.
Eugene Laverty, meanwhile, will be eager to build on his maiden podium for the Milwaukee Aprilia team at Laguna Seca.
Laverty finished in third place in race two after starting from pole and has been making big strides with the Italian machine this season, battling back form injury after a crash at the second round in Thailand in March.
Race one is scheduled for 12 noon BST on Saturday, with race two at the same time on Sunday.
Following round nine this weekend, the championship breaks for nine weeks, resuming at Portimao in Portugal from September 14-16.
Before then, an official two-day test will be held in late August.
Vincent Price has been officially installed as Duke University's tenth president.
During a ceremony Thursday evening, Price spoke about his vision for the university, and its place in the community.
“We commonly think of an inauguration as a beginning, and for me and Annette, this does mark the beginning of a new life here as North Carolinians, as part of this vibrant university and wonderful city of Durham,” he said, before adding: “... and the complete conversion of our wardrobe to that luminous shade of blue that marks us forever as Dukies.”
Price began his duties on July 1. He has already made several high-profile decisions, including the removal of a statue of Robert E Lee from the Duke Chapel and setting a $15-an-hour minimum wage for employees on campus.
During his inaugural address, Price spoke about the history of the university and its future in a changing world.
“Let us think of today not so much as a beginning but as another renewal, both a renewed commitment to the values that guided the choices of our predecessors at Duke, and a renewed charge to make bold choices of our own," he said. "Choices that will permit this noble university in the forest to thrive and shape the course of a still-new century.”
Black Lightning
Tuesday, 9 p.m., The CW
‘Black Lightning” star Cress Williams says he's the right guy for the role of a middle-age crusader with a real life. “To just play exactly who I am — a person in his 40s, a family man trying to do all these sizable things — it was tailor-made,” said Williams, 47. He portrays high-school principal Jefferson Pierce, a retired vigilante named Black Lightning, who fights off bad guys with bolts of electricity that shoot out from his hands. Pierce, a divorced father of two daughters, worries about returning to crime-fighting as a gang targets his community. It's the first lead TV role for the actor, who has been on dozens of hits such as “Friday Night Lights,” “Grey's Anatomy,” “ER,” and even “Nash Bridges.”
Williams, a married father of two, spoke with The Post by phone from Atlanta, where the series is filmed.
How big a deal is your first headlining TV gig?
When you're a kid, you go, “I'm gonna be the best actor ever! I'm gonna be a star!” At this point in my career, it's kind of like, “Well, maybe it's not gonna happen.” So, the fact that it's happened is amazingly cool. I was at church and my pastor said, “I see you everywhere [laughs]. We're just so happy for you!” I haven't gotten used to it yet.
What made you think you could play a superhero now?
When I turned 40, I went through a big change in diet and became a huge workout buff just to get healthy. Once I started seeing positive changes, I also recognized this would give me career longevity.
How is it doing the fight scenes?
I've studied boxing, but Black Lightning has a martial-arts background; that's a different skill set. Making that believable is a challenge. I am 47 and have a bad knee. My stunt double Eric [Mbanda] has been doing martial arts since he was 6; he helps to train me. All the fancy kicks he does make me look good.
What sets “Black Lightning” apart from other superhero series?
The family is an aspect we've never seen. I have a friend who's a TV writer and huge comic-book fan. I was really honored when he said, “It's the best superhero show right now. And it's the best family show.”
Pierce's older daughter, Anissa (Nafessa Williams), is starting to develop powers. How will he respond?
Pride and fear. Pride because his genes created it, similar to an athlete who sees their child following in their footsteps. Fear that she's gonna experience the same things he has. It's taken a toll on his life, his family, his body.
Is the setting more realistic than on other series?
It's a fictional city, but rooted in reality that everybody can identify with. The ills of the neighborhood are the ills we see on the news every day.
The racism depicted is hard to watch, like when Pierce gets pulled over and harassed by a white cop in the first episode. Is it important to make viewers uncomfortable?
When I first read [the script], the hair on my neck was standing on end. When my wife and I watched the episode, she said it was still uncomfortable to watch, fully knowing that it's fake. I take that as a win that we have accomplished what we set out to.
— Eric Hegedüs
And here's what else to watch this week:
2018 Winter Olympics: Opening Ceremony
Friday, 8 p.m., NBC
“Today” show veteran Katie Couric returns to the network where Matt Lauer used to work to cover the 23rd Winter Olympic Games from Pyeongchang, South Korea. Couric, who has anchored six Olympics broadcasts, will be in the booth with Mike Tirico. NBCUniversal will also stream the Olympics Opening Ceremony live.
Queer Eye
Wednesday, Netflix
Premiere. A brand-new Fab Five — Antoni Porowski, Bobby Berk, Karamo Brown, Jonathan Van Ness and Tan France — descends upon Atlanta in this new series, sharing grooming tips with men and women.
9-1-1
Wednesday, 9 p.m., Fox
On Valentine's Day, Athena (Angela Bassett) attempts to help a desperate woman. Meanwhile, Bobby (Peter Krause) and Chimney (Kenneth Choi) take on holiday duty. Abby (Connie Britton) and Buck (Oliver Stark) go on a date.
The Assassination of Gianni Versace
Wednesday, 10 p.m., FX
With police trying to determine who murdered Jeff Trail (Finn Wittrock), Andrew Cunanan (Darren Criss) forces his friend David (Cody Fern) to go on the run with him. He tries to escape in Wisconsin.
Victoria
Sunday, 9 p.m., PBS
Learning of the Irish potato famine, the queen (Jenna Coleman) wants to help, but is met with political opposition.
The Blacklist
Wednesday, 8 p.m., NBC
When corpses are discovered in the woods, Red (James Spader, below far right, with Hisham Tawfiq, far left, and Lenny Venito) points the Task Force toward a group that targets people whose actions are amoral, yet fully legal.
Riverdale
Wednesday, 8 p.m., The CW
Betty (Lili Reinhart) turns to Jughead (Cole Sprouse) for help when the consequences of a hasty decision come back to haunt her. Archie (KJ Apa) is forced to make a tough choice when Agent Adams (John Behlmann) takes things one step too far.
AJ McLean offers Aaron Carter help with rehab "I've been down that road, I've come out the other end, you know?" McLean said. "I'm sober today, but at the same time, it's a lot of work. I am...
Backstreet Boys, Florida Georgia Line reunite The two powerhouse acts are teaming up for a "CMT Crossroads" episode airing Aug. 30.
Florida Georgia Line learned to dance from Nick Carter The country music duo teamed up with the Backstreet Boys on the single, "God, Your Mama, and Me."
Share
The eight films in the Fast and Furious franchise have earned more than $5 billion worldwide, so it shouldn't be much of a surprise that studio Universal Pictures has plans to give the series a shot on the small screen. What is surprising, however, is the form that television show is expected to take.
The studio has announced plans to produce a Fast and Furious animated series, with the family-friendly show set to debut on Netflix.
The Fast and Furious series will follow a new character, Tony Toretto, who happens to be the teenage cousin of Dominic Toretto, the character played by franchise star Vin Diesel across seven of the eight films. Recruited by the government to infiltrate an elite racing league, Tony and his friends are tasked with taking down the criminal organization that uses the league as a front for its operations.
DreamWorks released a promotional image from the series to accompany the announcement, and it appears to feature a variation of Dominick's iconic Dodge Charger in the midst of a high-flying race.
Fast and Furious franchise producers Diesel, Neal Moritz, and Chris Morgan are executive producing the animated series, with Tim Hedrick (Voltron Legendary Defender) and Bret Haaland (All Hail King Julien) also serving as executive producers and showrunners.
The show is the first announced project in the next phase of animated shows and family programming developed for Netflix by DreamWorks Animation Television. That deal previously brought Guillermo del Toro's Trollhunters series and the Madagascar spinoff series All Hail King Julien to the streaming video platform, as well as the Spirit: Riding Free series. DreamWorks' animated projects have earned the studio 17 Emmy Awards and 21 nominations.
“The Fast and Furious franchise is a global phenomenon beloved by audiences of all ages, and we can't wait to get started on the new animated series that will capture the action, heart, humor, and global appeal of the feature films,” Melissa Cobb, vice president of Kids and Family at Netflix, said in a statement.
While there is no official timetable for development on the animated series, the next movie to come out of the franchise will be spinoff film Hobbs and Shaw, which follows Dwayne Johnson and Jason Statham's characters from the recent sequels. That film hits theaters July 26, 2019.
The ninth and 10th installments of the Fast and Furious series are scheduled to hit theaters in April 2020 and April 2021, respectively, with the 10th film expected to be the final chapter of the series.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Team Brunel have won two of the last three legs of the Volvo Ocean Race
Team Brunel won leg nine of the Volvo Ocean Race as the round-the-world event stopped in Wales for the first time in its 45-year history.
The Dutch team reached Cardiff four minutes and five seconds ahead of second-place Team AkzoNobel after completing the 3,300 mile transatlantic crossing from Newport, Rhode Island.
They move to within three points of the overall race lead.
Race leaders Dongfeng Race Team finished in third place.
"Winning, of course, is nice to get the bonus point and then a nice fight to beat AkzoNobel in the end as well, so we're a happy team," said Team Brunel skipper Bouwe Bekking.
"But the aim is to keep looking forward. We've closed the gap to Mapfre and Dongfeng and victory remains our main objective."
Image caption Volvo Ocean Race: Sailor Bleddyn Mon enjoys arriving in Wales
The 13th edition of the Volvo Ocean Race began in Alicante, Spain, last October and finishes in the Netherlands next month.
The 10th leg from Cardiff to Gothenburg, Sweden, starts on Sunday, 10 June.
Cardiff is one of 12 host cities around the world, and it marks the first time the race has stopped in the UK since 2006.
The teams
Boat Country Skipper (nationality) AkzoNobel Netherlands Simeon Tienpont (Ned) Dongfeng China Charles Caudrelier (Fra) Mapfre Spain Xabi Fernandez (Spa) Vestas 11th Hour USA/Denmark Charlie Enright (US) Sun Hung Kai/Scallywag Hong Kong David Witt (Aus) Turn The Tide On Plastic United Nations Dee Caffari (GB) Brunel Netherlands Bouwe Bekking (Ned)
The route
Image copyright BBC Sport Image caption The race is more than 45,000 nautical miles long
LONDON: Oil fell on Wednesday after reports showed global supply was rising and US crude inventories were still increasing, raising concerns the market could stay oversupplied for longer than expected.
Brent crude oil fell by 28 cents to $48.44 a barrel by 1330 GMT, while US crude futures were down 29 cents on the day at $46.17.
Crude prices have fallen more than 10 percent since late May, pulled down by heavy global oversupply that has persisted despite a move led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to curb production.
OPEC and other exporters such as Russia have agreed to keep production almost 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) below the levels pumped at the end of last year and not to increase output until the end of the first quarter of 2018.
But adherence to the cuts is under scrutiny and the producer group said this week its output rose by 336,000 bpd in May to 32.14 million bpd.
Oil stocks are near record highs in some parts of the world and producers outside the OPEC deal are increasing output.
Some analysts are not ruling out that a rapid drawdown in inventories could take place.
“Balancing is taking longer. But at some point, investors may be surprised to see that supply and demand is in balance and as soon as global inventories start to normalize and come down to the five-year average, then (they) might start to worry that we might even have a shortage in the market,” ABN Amro chief energy economist Hans van Cleef said.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) said on Wednesday it expected growth in non-OPEC supply to be higher next year than growth in overall global demand.
“For total non-OPEC production, we expect production to grow by 700,000 bpd this year but our first outlook for 2018 makes sobering reading for those producers looking to restrain supply,” the IEA said in its monthly oil market report.
“Indeed, based on our current outlook for 2017 and 2018, incorporating the scenario that OPEC countries continue to comply with their output agreement, stocks might not fall to the desired level until close to the expiry of the agreement in March 2018,” the report said.
“The outlook for oil hinges on the effectiveness of the OPEC cuts relative to the supply increases from US shale,” said William O'Loughlin, an analyst at Australia's Rivkin Securities.
Data from the American Petroleum Institute (API) showed on Tuesday that US crude stocks rose by 2.8 million barrels in the week to June 9 to 511.4 million, compared with expectations for a decrease of 2.7 million barrels.
The oil market needs strong demand to help offset the rapid increase in supply.
Global energy demand grew by 1 percent in 2016, roughly in line with the previous two years, but well below the 10-year average of 1.8 percent, BP said in its benchmark Statistical Review of World Energy on Tuesday.
LONDON: Oil fell on Wednesday after reports showed global supply was rising and US crude inventories were still increasing, raising concerns the market could stay oversupplied for longer than expected.
Brent crude oil fell by 28 cents to $48.44 a barrel by 1330 GMT, while US crude futures were down 29 cents on the day at $46.17.
Crude prices have fallen more than 10 percent since late May, pulled down by heavy global oversupply that has persisted despite a move led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to curb production.
OPEC and other exporters such as Russia have agreed to keep production almost 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) below the levels pumped at the end of last year and not to increase output until the end of the first quarter of 2018.
But adherence to the cuts is under scrutiny and the producer group said this week its output rose by 336,000 bpd in May to 32.14 million bpd.
Oil stocks are near record highs in some parts of the world and producers outside the OPEC deal are increasing output.
Some analysts are not ruling out that a rapid drawdown in inventories could take place.
“Balancing is taking longer. But at some point, investors may be surprised to see that supply and demand is in balance and as soon as global inventories start to normalize and come down to the five-year average, then (they) might start to worry that we might even have a shortage in the market,” ABN Amro chief energy economist Hans van Cleef said.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) said on Wednesday it expected growth in non-OPEC supply to be higher next year than growth in overall global demand.
“For total non-OPEC production, we expect production to grow by 700,000 bpd this year but our first outlook for 2018 makes sobering reading for those producers looking to restrain supply,” the IEA said in its monthly oil market report.
“Indeed, based on our current outlook for 2017 and 2018, incorporating the scenario that OPEC countries continue to comply with their output agreement, stocks might not fall to the desired level until close to the expiry of the agreement in March 2018,” the report said.
“The outlook for oil hinges on the effectiveness of the OPEC cuts relative to the supply increases from US shale,” said William O'Loughlin, an analyst at Australia's Rivkin Securities.
Data from the American Petroleum Institute (API) showed on Tuesday that US crude stocks rose by 2.8 million barrels in the week to June 9 to 511.4 million, compared with expectations for a decrease of 2.7 million barrels.
The oil market needs strong demand to help offset the rapid increase in supply.
Global energy demand grew by 1 percent in 2016, roughly in line with the previous two years, but well below the 10-year average of 1.8 percent, BP said in its benchmark Statistical Review of World Energy on Tuesday.
Springfield Regional Opera Artistic Director Michael Spyres and Music Director Christopher Koch.
It's hard to believe, but Springfield Regional Opera has been in operation for 36 years. And to open their 37th season, SRO is producing an opera I, frankly, never expected them to attempt, but have always wished they could produce: Verdi's Shakespearean masterpiece Otello. But they've found a cast that can sing the work—particularly the problematic title role—and a way to perform it as economically as possible: in a semi-staged concert version, with the orchestra on the stage. And they're only doing one performance: Saturday October 7th at 8:00pm in the Juanita K. Hammons Hall for the Performing Arts on the Missouri State University campus.
Springfield Regional Opera Artistic Director Michael Spyres explains the thinking behind opening their season with such a blockbuster. Acknowledging that an opera such as Otello might seem beyond SRO's reach, he says “If people need to know that ‘big opera' is here, we should do it. Christopher (Koch, SRO's Music Director/Conductor, as well as conductor of the Springfield-Drury Civic Orchestra) were talking about the possibilities of certain pieces, and then we found the right singers. And I said, ‘We've got to do Verdi's Otello'—and Christopher said, ‘We can do it! We can find the orchestra, we can get it all together.' And it's going to be something spectacular that Springfield's never heard.”
“We're so excited about this,” adds Christopher Koch, “not only because it's an amazing piece, and truly one of the masterworks of the opera genre, but we're on the path to bringing a second staged opera back to Springfield. And this”—a semi-staged concert performance of a complete opera—“is sort of the intermediate step in that direction for us.” SRO has had to cut back to one fully-staged opera and one or more concert performances in recent years due to budgetary restraints.
Michael Spyres emphasizes the “community effort” required to present a fully-staged opera production. “And it really takes chorus, orchestra, big amounts of people on the (company's) board (of director).”
“And it's expensive,” I whisper.
“Exactly,” says Spyres. Opera is widely recognized as one of the most expensive art forms to produce. “It's so massive of a production to put on, and you have to have so many working parts. To do an opera of this magnitude, the sets and things like that, it doesn't really make sense unless you have substantial coffers in your pockets. We do have the Juanita K. Hammons Hall, an amazing place that would be perfect for opera. But to do a full-scale opera on this level is just completely out of the question for the next couple of years. But that's our goal.” Springfield Regional Opera's single performance of Otello, while not utilizing full costumes, sets and lighting like a fully-staged production, will offer around 300 people on-stage, including a nearly 90-member Springfield-Drury Civic Orchestra, the Drury University Chorale, the Springfield-Drury Girls' Choir, and the Boys' Choir of Springfield, not to mention all the soloists. “That's the exciting part, but that's also the difficult part about the logistics.”
“A lot of people forget that opera was the original blockbuster entertainment. It was the most spectacular thing you could see. And it still is. It just does it without all the technology. But that means it's incredibly complex and difficult.”
The difficulty of presenting a work like Otello can perhaps be understood when you consider that SRO's production is one of only TWO in all of North America during the 2017-2018 season. (The other is actually taking place the same night, October 7—again in a concert version, interestingly enough—by the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra.) Aside from the scenic and overall personnel demands, it's ridiculously hard to find a tenor whose voice, stage presence and personality are truly up to the heroic demands of the title role. Says SRO Artistic Director Michael Spyres, “There are only two places this season in all of North America that are putting on Otello—and we're one of them. And it's because we actually have the voice for it.
“Limmie Pulliam from Kennett, Missouri is literally one of the greatest voices I've actually ever heard in my life.” (This, from a tenor who himself has been called “one of the greatest singers of his generation!”) “He (Pulliam)'s just come back to singing after a long hiatus, and it's just amazing. I know we're going to hear some audible gasps, like ‘I didn't have that was possible to come out of a voice like that!' That's how I was when I first heard him live—it made me cry in the auditions. He's really an incredible musician.”
Spyres is perhaps most proud of the fact that all the singers in the major roles of Otello, Desdemona and Iago are from the state of Missouri. “And they're some of the best people that I can imagine for these parts.” Baritone Dr. Richard Todd Payne, Associate Professor of Voice at Missouri State University, sings the evil, duplicitous ensign Iago; and Jennifer Forni, who recently joined the voice faculty at Evangel University and has performed in Parsifal and Die Frau ohne Schatten at the Metropolitan Opera, is Desdemona. “We have so much local talent,” says Spyres, “and the great thing is, many of these people are just in the infancy of their international careers. So if you want to come hear some incredible music—and really world-class voices—we actually have them right here, and they will be onstage for you to hear on Saturday. It's just a hair-raising experience hearing them sing.”
Since the orchestra is on the stage with the singers rather than being defined by the size of the theater's orchestra pit, SRO has been able to augment the Springfield-Drury Civic Orchestra to nearly 90 players in order to fulfill Verdi's requirements for Otello, according to Music Director Christopher Koch. “This opera calls for mostly doubled winds—four bassoons; percussion instruments with names like ‘Thunder' and ‘Cannon'!”
Michael Spyres goes into some of the history behind Verdi's adaptation of Shakespeare's Othello with librettist (and fellow composer) Arrigo Boito. “The reason that Verdi wrote his Otello was because of Rossini's Otello that came 50 years before, which was the greatest masterpiece and everybody was so excited about it. Verdi grew up hearing this music, and wanting to compose (his own version). But he didn't want to do it an injustice, and that's why Verdi spent nearly 10 years (working on the score).
In fact, he came out of retirement to produce Otello, says Christopher Koch. It was his second-to-last opera; his last opera was also a Shakespearean adaptation: the comedy Falstaff. “It's ironic that one of the greatest of all Italian opera composers has given us our greatest English literature-based operas.”
I couldn't let Michael Spyres go without having him talk about his latest audio and video recordings to hit the market. “Of the recordings that came out (in the) last year, I had a very obscure opera from Giovanni Mayr called Medea in Corinto, an amazing piece. That one's on DVD and CD. And there's Lobegesang (the Symphony No.2) of Mendelssohn, one of the greatest pieces I've ever gotten to record, because it was with Sir John Eliot Gardiner and the LSO (London Symphony Orchestra) with their label LSO Live. That just came out and it was a dream to do. Also with Decca, it was Dvorak's Stabat Mater. That was particularly an incredible piece because the late Jiri Belohlavek—the conductor for decades of the Prague Philharmonic—this was his last project. It was such a moving experience to be able to work with him on his last major recording, of Dvorak, in Prague with the Prague Philharmonic—and me being one of the soloists. I'm truly living a bizarre dream, because this is everything that I wanted to do.”
His latest CD, “Espoir,” is a solo album for the British firm Opera Rara, a company dedicated to “recovering, discovering, recording and performing the forgotten operatic heritage of the 19th century.” Spyres has participated in numerous productions and recordings for the company, and this is a rare solo recital CD for them. It consists of arias made famous by, and specifically written for, one of the leading French tenors of the 19th century, Gilbert-Louis Duprez. It includes three pieces that have been unperformed since they were first heard 180 years ago. “It's so exciting, because there's still so much good music to be found, new things to explore, and new repertoire for audiences to find out. It's bizarre, coming from a town, Manfield, Missouri, just down the road from Springfield, and hoping and dreaming to fly outside of the United States someday. Now I live around the world all the time”—and dreams of getting back home more often! Spyres has only been back in Springfield seven weeks during 2017. Now that's a busy career for a singer!
Tickets for Springfield Regional Opera's one-time-only performance of Otello are $27 and $37 and available through Missouri State Tix: 836-7678 or www.missouristatetix.com. For more information call Springfield Regional Opera at 863-1960 or visit www.sropera.org.
CASINO
The coalition partner of Japan's ruling political group Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) is pushing for a ¥8,000 ($76) admission fee for Japanese residents when the country opens its first casinos.
Jiji Press reported that Komeito has proposed a mandatory admission fee at par with Singapore's casinos, which currently charge local residents an admission fee of SGD100 (US$76).
Komeito's proposal was higher than the ¥2,000 ($18.84) admission fee that the government suggested in February.
Aside from the proposed admission fee, Komeito has also proposed limiting casino licenses to two or three locations. This suggestion was contrary to LDP's proposal to allow six Japanese cities to host integrated resorts.
Komeito and LDP also differ when it comes to the issue of Japanese casino visitation. Unlike the LDP, the junior coalition partner wants to limit residents' casino visits to no more than three times a week and 10 times per month.
“It's extremely important to gain understanding from a wide range of Japanese people by introducing casino restrictions in the world's best standards,” the Komeito draft said, according to the news outlet.
Both LDP and Komeito have been drafting their respective positions before they deliberate on new rules that will govern Japan's first casinos.
Gambling analysts predict that the biggest deliberation between the two parties will be on the number of licenses.
Whatever the number of city hosts will be, industry executives are certain that casino operators are in for a win-win situation.
Meanwhile, the government hopes to approve the IR Implementation Bill before the current legislative session ends on June 20. The government is also working on separate legislation covering problem gambling mitigation, which many observers believe must be passed prior to the Implementation Bill.
Comments
Freeway Rick Ross is one of the most famous drug dealers in US History. He sat down with Reec to talk about his unbelievable story and how he made $3 million dollars in one day! He also broke down how to convert drug dealers into true businessmen. Check out the interview below…
The Latest Music, Celebrities and Interviews:
Sign Up For Our Newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Romance scams remain a successful tactic for criminals online.
In the flesh, Wayne May (not his real name) is an affable gentleman in his late 40s, softly spoken with a lilting Welsh accent.
When we meet he's casually dressed in jeans and a Batman T-shirt. He works full-time as a carer.
On the net, he's a tireless defender of scam victims and a fearless scam baiter - a person who deliberately contacts scammers, engages with them and then publishes as much information about them as possible in order to warn others.
He regularly receives death threats, and his website, Scam Survivors, is often subjected to attempted DDoS attacks - where a site is maliciously hit with lots of web traffic to try to knock it offline.
But Mr May is determined to continue helping to scam victims in his spare time, and has a team of volunteers in the US, Canada and Europe doing the same.
Image caption "Wayne May" says victims need to accept that they are unlikely to get their money back
Scam Survivors is not an official platform - in the UK victims are encouraged to contact Action Fraud - but the team has dealt with 20,000 cases in the past 12 years, he claims.
According to the Office for National Statistics there were 1.9 million reports of "cyber-related" fraud in the year ending March 2017 in England and Wales. But the report also says that many incidents go unreported.
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission website says nearly AUS$13m (£8m, $10m) has been lost this year to romance fraud alone.
Scamming may be an old trick but it's still an effective one.
Mr May, who does not charge but invites donations on his website, says his website gets up to 10,000 hits a day and the group also receives up to two dozen messages a day from people who are victims of sextortion - when a person is blackmailed after being persuaded to carry out a sex act on webcam, which is then recorded.
"A lot of people, when they come to us are already so far deep into it, they have nowhere to turn," he says.
"They're not stupid, they're just unaware of the scam."
"It's not obvious [that it's a scam] if they've never experienced it before."
He discovered he was "rather good" at baiting romance scammers and found relatives of victims were approaching him to help loved-ones.
"I started dealing more with the victims of the scams rather than the scammers themselves, so my priorities changed then from just having fun to actually helping people."
Many scams are not a particularly sophisticated form of fraud.
"There are constantly new scams coming out, and we need to be aware of those," says Mr May.
"But a lot of the scams aren't high-tech, they simply write messages to people and that's it.
"You might think, 'I'm not going to fall for this scam' but then you'll fall for another one. The scammers will find a chink in your armour."
Image copyright Other Image caption Daniel Perry, 17, died in a fall from the Forth Road Bridge in July 2013 - he was a victim of sextortion
The first thing Mr May has to explain to those who get in touch is that Scam Survivors cannot recover any money the victim has been persuaded to hand it over.
In his experience, the average victim will end up around £1,000 out of pocket, but some will go a lot further - one man who recently made contact with the support group had given more than £500,000 to a male Russian scammer he thought he was in a relationship with.
"We say upfront, we can't get your money back. We can't offer you emotional support. We're not psychiatrists. We're just people who know how scams work and how to deal with them," he says.
Advice for victims
Drop all contact with the scammer.
Don't try to track them down - remember, the scammer has your real details and possibly compromising information about you. It's not worth the risk to continue talking to them, and especially not worth confronting them.
If you sent cash, there's no realistic way to get it back - beware the "recovery scam" where the scammer then claims to be an agency able to get the money back, for a fee.
Contact the police.
Share as many details about the scam as you can to warn others.
To prevent being a victim, his advice is simple: "Google everything."
Search the images you are sent, the messages you receive - often scammers use the same material and the more widely shared it is, the more likely it is to end up on a website dedicated to exposing scams.
If you fear blackmail, Mr May suggests setting up an alert so that you are notified if your name is mentioned online. If, in the case of sextortion, a video is published on the net, you will then know straight away and can report it, as you are likely to be tagged in it.
"Be aware and learn how to search everything," he says.
"If someone sends you a picture or text, search it, try to find out as much as you can. If you're unsure don't send them money."
Image copyright Getty Images
Action Fraud, the UK's national fraud and cyber-crime reporting service, said all scams reported to it are passed on to the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau, which is part of City of London Police.
However, a spokeswoman told the BBC that only around 30% of all fraud cases had "viable lines of inquiry".
"We know that at these levels it is difficult for law enforcement agencies to investigate all these crimes," said a spokeswoman.
"We have to maximise our resources where there is the best chance of a successful investigative outcome."
Professor Alan Woodward, cyber-security expert from Surrey University, said it was still important to keep reporting scams to the national body even if individual justice was not always possible.
"For those contacting Action Fraud UK to report a crime it may appear that little happens, but your information is vital in constructing an accurate picture of where, when and how online scams are occurring," he said.
"It may be that the police are unable to solve your individual crime but by studying the big picture they are able to zero in on the scammers.
"Your report could be vital in completing the overall picture and enable law enforcement to prevent others suffering as you have."
No sympathy
Some people argue that the scammers themselves are also in desperate situations - many of them operate in some of the poorest parts of the world, such as West Africa and the Philippines.
Wayne May has no sympathy.
"These people aren't Robin Hood types," he says.
"If you go online and scam people you have the money to go online, if you can't afford food you can't spend hours in an internet cafe."
He is, however, haunted by one occasion when a woman from the Philippines he was scam-baiting offered to perform on webcam for him. When he declined she then asked if she should involve her sister.
"She called this girl over and she couldn't have been more than nine or 10," he recalls.
"That horrified me. I said, 'Don't do this, not for me, not for anybody. You shouldn't do this'. I couldn't talk to her again after that. I had to completely walk away."
He says he has no idea what happened to her.
"I can't let it affect me too much, otherwise I wouldn't be able to do what I do," he said.
"I've been doing it for almost 12 years now, and if I let every case affect me I'd be a gibbering wreck in the corner."
Common Scams
Romance - when a scammer builds an intense online relationship with someone, then asks for money
Sextortion - when a victim is persuaded to carry out a sex act on webcam which is then videoed and the scammer demands a ransom in return for not publishing the content on the net
Pets - a pet is advertised for sale, and then fees are demanded in order to get the pet to its new owner. The pet does not exist.
Hitman - Someone claims to be a hitman and says that they have been paid to kill you. They then say that if you are prepared to pay more, they will not carry out the threat.
419 - named after section 419 of the Nigerian criminal code - claiming money from another person under false pretence: such as needing assistance to release a large sum of fictional inheritance.
NYON, Switzerland — Real Madrid versus Paris Saint-Germain. Cristiano Ronaldo versus Neymar. Historic achievement versus burning ambition.
Two-time defending Champions League winner Madrid was drawn Monday to play the tournament's standout team in the last 16, made possible because the 12-time champions finished second in their group while PSG won its group.
“They (PSG) are really very strong in every department of the field,” Madrid director Emilio Butragueno said. “But I have to underline, we are the holders and our players, they always rise to the occasion.”
PSG bought Neymar from Barcelona for a record 222 million euro ($262 million) fee in the off-season with a specific aim of winning a first European title. Madrid won six European Cups before PSG was even formed in 1970.
“As I always say, we must be ready to play any team and we will be ready,” PSG president Nasser al-Khelaifi said in a statement on the club's website.
Neymar scored in five straight wins as PSG finished ahead of Bayern Munich in its group, finishing with a competition record of 25 goals in the group stage.
Ronaldo scored in all six of Madrid's matches to set another Champions League record.
Barcelona, which leads the Spanish league unbeaten despite the loss of Neymar, was drawn to face Chelsea in a meeting of recent champions. The English club is one of the few opponents Lionel Messi has failed to score against.
With eight former winners in the lineup, another clash of European champions pits Liverpool against Porto.
Also, it was: Basel vs. Manchester City; Sevilla vs. Manchester United; Juventus vs. Tottenham; Bayern Munich vs. Besiktas; and Shakhtar Donetsk vs. Roma.
The first legs will be played from Feb. 13-21, with the return matches from March 6-14.
The final will be played at the Olympic Stadium in Kyiv, Ukraine, on May 26.
Madrid and PSG met in the group stage two seasons ago when the French team's leader was Zlatan Ibrahimovic. They drew 0-0 in Paris and Madrid won 1-0 at home.
“Since then they have strengthened. They have signed very, very good players,” said Butragueno, whose club lost out to PSG in its pursuit of France forward Kylian Mbappe.
Barcelona and Chelsea will renew a rivalry that has included intense semifinals in 2009 and 2012. Each took a turn to advance at the other team's stadium and go on to win the title.
Tottenham's reward for taking four points from Madrid and topping its group is a pairing with Italian champion Juventus, the Champions League runner-up in two of the past three seasons.
Shakhtar will host Roma in its adopted home city of Kharkiv. Its stadium in Donetsk has been ruled unsafe for games since conflict flared in 2014 between government forces and pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine.
“It's very, very difficult,” said Shakhtar CEO Sergiy Palkin, whose team edged Napoli to advance. “It's a very, very big effort for our club.”
Northwestern's Samuel Brooks (1) sacks American's quarterback Tyree Bibby in the first quarter during American High School vs Northwestern High School football game at Traz Powell Stadium on Saturday, August 27, 2016. Al Diaz adiaz@miamiherald.com
Credit: IDG
Congratulations! To help you promote your win, InfoWorld has supplied the following PR information and usage guidelines.
Note that companies named as an InfoWorld Technology of the Year Award winner may be referenced in press outreach to publicize the awards and InfoWorld's content about the awards. InfoWorld will not disclose proprietary corporate information, but it may highlight information included by your organization in the original InfoWorld Technology of the Year Awards content.
If you would like a physical award, or print or electronic reprints, you can place an order through the YGS Group via phone at (800) 290-5460 x129 or via email at infoworld@theYGSgroup.com. Note that YGS solely determines the cost of the awards' production.
InfoWorld logo usage and guidelines
As an InfoWorld Technology of the Year winner, you have the opportunity to purchase a license for the rights to use the Technology of the Year logo. Please contact your IDG Enterprise sales executive or email Sean Weglage at sweglage@idgenterprise.com.
The InfoWorld Technology of the Year brand is a valuable asset that International Data Group needs to protect. We ask that you help us by properly using the logo in accordance with our guidelines listed below. Accordingly, we ask that your business partners, customers, and other third parties adhere to the guidelines listed below.
Parties given permission to use the InfoWorld Technology of the Year logotype must adhere to the following rules:
The logotype may not be altered in any manner, including size, proportions, colors, elements, type, or in any other respect. You may not animate, morph, or otherwise distort its perspective or dimensional appearance.
The logotype may not be combined with any other graphic or textural elements and may not be used as a design element of any other logo or trademark.
The logotype must be separated from your company name and product names by the space of one logo width or one inch, whichever is greatest.
If you are unsure if your usage is within these guidelines, please contact Lynn Holmlund in IDG Enterprise Marketing.
PR opportunities
Please read the following guidelines carefully before preparing a press release that references InfoWorld and the InfoWorld Technology of the Year rankings.
Obtaining a quote from InfoWorld
If your company wishes to include a quote attributed to an InfoWorld spokesperson, please use the following quote to reinforce InfoWorld Technology of the Year key messages. Modified versions of this quote are subject to approval from InfoWorld. All quotes should be attributed to Doug Dineley, Executive Editor, InfoWorld.
“Information technology has always been about business transformation, but the impact of new tech has never been greater than it is today,” said Doug Dineley, executive editor of InfoWorld Reviews. “The 2018 Technology of the Year Award winners showcase the most innovative tools on the business computing landscape. These are the software development tools, cloud technologies, big data analytics, and machine learning frameworks that are changing the way we do business.”
References to InfoWorld and the InfoWorld Technology of the Year Awards
All communications involving InfoWorld and the InfoWorld Technology of the Year Awards must be consistent with the style and content listed below:
The full feature name is the InfoWorld Technology of the Year Awards.
InfoWorld is always one word, and the “w” is capitalized.
On first reference, list the publication as “IDG's InfoWorld.” InfoWorld as a stand-alone name may be used after the first reference.
If a subsidiary of an organization is included in the rankings, press releases or marketing material should specify that the unit—not the parent organization—received the award. If the parent unit is cited, the name of the subsidiary unit should be more prominent in placement, size, and usage than that of the parent unit.
The following approved InfoWorld corporate boilerplate and short InfoWorld Technology of the Year Awards description may be used, where appropriate, in press releases referencing inclusion in the InfoWorld Technology of the Year feature.
Description of InfoWorld Technology of the Year Awards
Selected by InfoWorld editors and reviewers, the annual awards identify the best and most innovative products on the IT landscape. Winners are drawn from all of the products tested during the past year, with the final selections made by InfoWorld's Reviews staff.
Corporate boilerplate
About InfoWorld InfoWorld is the leading resource for content and tools on modernizing enterprise IT. The InfoWorld Expert Contributor Network provides a unique perspective in the market; our editors provide first-hand experience from testing, deploying, and managing implementation of emerging enterprise technologies. InfoWorld's website (InfoWorld.com) and custom solutions provide a deep dive into specific technologies to help IT decision-makers excel in their roles and provide opportunities for IT vendors to reach this audience. InfoWorld is published by IDG Enterprise, a subsidiary of International Data Group (IDG), the world's leading media, events, and research company. Company information is available at www.idgenterprise.com.
About IDG Enterprise, an International Data Group (IDG) company, brings together the leading editorial brands (CIO, Computerworld, CSO, InfoWorld, ITworld, and Network World) to serve the information needs of our technology and security-focused audiences. As the premier hi-tech B2B media company, we leverage the strengths of our premium owned and operated brands, while simultaneously harnessing their collective reach and audience affinity. We provide market leadership and converged marketing solutions for our customers to engage IT and security decision-makers across our portfolio of award-winning websites, events, magazines, products, and services. IDG's DEMO conferences provide a platform for today's most innovative and eye-opening technologies to publically launch their solutions. Company information is available at www.idgenterprise.com.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
An app pretending to be a popular cryptocurrency-storing wallet site, MyEtherWallet, has soared to the top of the iOS App Store, following a great weekend for Bitcoin as prices soared by 20 percent, exceeding a price of $17,000 per Bitcoin.
The app in question, priced at $5, makes no claims to be the popular website, despite sharing a name, and a quick browse of the creator's past apps only reveals two panda-themed fighting games, and a handful of other apps — none related to Bitcoin or cryptocurrency.
The official MyEtherWallet Twitter account posted an update, urging users not to download the app, and revealed that the app has been reported to Apple.
This is NOT US. We have file reports and emailed and reported. Would appreciate the communities assistance in getting these scamtards out of our lives. PS: We are #Foss4Lyfe https://t.co/SmI8cqNvxA — MyEtherWallet.com (@myetherwallet) December 10, 2017
The importance of a wallet in regard to cryptocurrency is much the same as with real-life currency; a wallet helps to keep your funds safe until you're ready to spend them. Given the enormous value of Bitcoin, and the recent boom, it's worth investors' time to ensure that the wallet service they choose is fully secured and safe, since losing their Bitcoin could cost them thousands of dollars. There's nothing to overtly suggest that MyEtherWallet is not a legitimate wallet service, and the name could well be a coincidence — but Bitcoin-owners would be wise to avoid this particular app for now, especially given the lack of any development history with cryptocurrency.
Bitcoin has been in the news a lot of late, with its currency value continuing to rise. PC videogame retailer Steam recently stopped allowing use of the currency for sales of its games, but the popularity of Bitcoin has continued nonetheless, with investment firms planning to offer Bitcoin-based futures. While many people assume the bubble will burst eventually (and have even gone as far as to set up A.I. programs to predict when it will), investing in Bitcoins is still an option if you're looking for volatile, short-term investment opportunities. We've put together a guide on how to buy your first Bitcoin, and how to get your systems set up. Or if you're willing to invest a whole lot more, you can look into mining your own Bitcoin by setting up your very own mining rig.
Like any cuisine, not all Mexican food is created equal. From carnitas to made-in-front-of-you guacamole, braised pork and every incarnation of taco you can imagine, New York City restaurants put their own spin on established faves. But in a city brimming with choices, which are the best spots to try?
Fortunately for us, Thrillist has published a list of its top Mexican restaurants in the city. Here are 10 of them. You can see Thrillist's full list here.
LOS ANGELES – Jonathan Lewis grabbed his Oscar in La La Land.
In just his third start for New York City FC, the 20-year-old rookie didn't shy away from the lights of Los Angeles, where he bent in a miraculous first career goal to push NYCFC past the LA Galaxy, 2-0, in front of 25,667 at the Stubhub Center on Saturday night.
“He scored one of the nicest goals that we're going to see,” said NYCFC coach Patrick Vieira. “Outside of the goal, I was happy with the way he worked for the team.”
Vieira reminded that Lewis is young and still needs time to develop, but on a night where NYCFC had stage fright, especially in the first half, Lewis looked like an established veteran when he opened his scoring account.
After his shot went over Galaxy goalkeeper Brian Rowe and smacked the crossbar, Lewis seemed so shocked he botched his celebration when he came up slow on the knee slide and rolled over in front of the NYCFC bench.
“I knew I wanted to do a knee slide,” laughed Lewis. “That's been a dream of mine when I scored my first professional goal to do a knee slide. It didn't come off nice though. It was pretty bad actually.”
While Lewis' goal had all the makings of picture perfect, it was goalkeeper Sean Johnson who made an ugly first half look just fine.
Johnson made acrobatic saves left-and-right especially when he punched a blistering effort from outside the box by Galaxy wingback Pele van Anholt in the 39th minute. That save, in retrospect, stalled the Galaxy from grabbing momentum and going on top into halftime.
Johnson said his biggest save was against Galaxy forward Gyasi Zardes when he blocked his blistering shot in the 41st minute.
“I just felt like nothing was going to beat me on the day,” said Johnson on the save. “We didn't know the barrage was coming for the rest of the game after that, but we just locked in at that point.”
With United States head coach Bruce Arena in attendance, Johnson, who finished with five total saves, showed he deserves a look on the national team.
Captain David Villa continued his run of brilliance when he added the insurance goal in the 73rd minute with a left-footed attempt through traffic. Villa, who leads MLS with 18 goals, now has nine goals in his last six matches.
While NYCFC (43 points) celebrated by dancing in the locker room, the escape from LA didn't come without some disappointment. Midfielder Alex Ring and defender Ethan White both picked up yellow cards, which will keep the pair out against the New England Revolution with a yellow card accumulation suspension next Sunday at home.
“It'll give other players to show how good they are and show me that they deserve to play,” said Vieira about the losses.
Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI meets a delegation from Bavaria on the occasion of a party for his 90th birthday, at the Vatican Monday, April 17, 2017. His aide, Monsignor Georg Gaenswein, said Benedict's birthday, which falls on Easter Sunday this year, will be celebrated on Monday in Bavarian style in keeping with the emeritus pontiff's roots. (L'Osservatore Romano/Pool Photo via AP)
Adrienne Bailon can't tell time “P.S. 110, in New York City. I don't think we spent enough time on telling time for me,” she said.
Adrienne Bailon and new husband spending the holidays in NYC If you're hosting her, she'll bring you lottery tickets because that's her go-to host or hostess gift.
Adrienne Bailon and Israel Houghton marry in Paris The couple tied the knot before 70 guests at the Hotel Plaza Athénée.
Is Adrienne Bailon ready to be a stepmom? From the looks of her discussion with fiancé Israel Houghton, the couple hasn't ironed the kinks in their new relationship.
Adrienne Bailon: I never cheated on Rob Kardashian On Sunday's episode of "Rob & Chyna," Kardashian said one of his ex-girlfriends was cheating and “having sex with so many different people.”
Adrienne Bailon engaged to gospel star Israel Houghton The pair, who began dating earlier this year, got engaged in Paris over the weekend.
Rob Kardashian is a serial proposer Insiders say the family doesn't believe Rob's engagement to Blac Chyna will last.
Why big stars are vying for supporting roles on TV shows Forget those big, splashy TV deals, greeted with a “(Fill-in-the-blank) is back!” headline. (And, yes — guilty as charged on the latter.) These days, it seems the best route to...
Rebooted NBC drama doesn't stand out Meh. That's my overall feeling after watching the series premiere of “Ironside,” NBC's rebooted version of its late-'60s series, in which Raymond Burr starred as a wheelchair-bound San Francisco cop...
The Olympic Games return to NBC with a record high 2,400 hours of live coverage airing across the networks and digital platforms of NBCUniversal.
The highly anticipated XXIII Olympic Winter Games kick off from PyeongChang, South Korea on Thursday, Feb. 8, the day before the Opening Ceremony, and will conclude with the Closing Ceremony on Sunday, Feb. 25. The complete schedule of competition and TV listings are available on NBCOlympics.com.
How to watch on TV
NBCUniversal's cable channels will be utilized to distribute nearly 450 hours of Olympics coverage over 18 days of the Games. Here is a comprehensive breakdown of each network's planned coverage:
NBC
NBC will present 176 hours of live coverage, beginning with primetime coverage on Thursday, Feb. 8, at 8 p.m. ET, and concluding with the Closing Ceremony on Sunday, Feb. 25.
NBC's live coverage is broken down into three parts:
Daytime – Coverage will air from 3-5 p.m. ET on weekdays and 3-6 p.m. ET on weekends across all time zones.
Primetime – Coverage will air at 8 p.m. ET each night and 7 p.m. ET on Sundays.
Primetime Plus - Coverage will air during the late-night show window following Primetime
NBCSN
NBCSN will present 369 hours of coverage, including live primetime and 10 days of 24-hour coverage from Feb. 18-25. The PyeongChang Games officially begin on NBCSN on Wednesday Feb. 7 at 11 p.m. ET, with live coverage of mixed doubles curling.
CNBC
CNBC will present 46 hours of coverage, including its curling telecasts beginning Monday, Feb. 12 and concluding Friday, Feb. 23.
USA Network
The USA Network will present 40.5 hours of ice hockey and curling coverage, most of which will air live between 7-9:30 a.m. ET. Coverage begins on Saturday, Feb. 10 with a live presentation of the Women's hockey qualifying round.
Olympic Channel: Home of Team USA
The Olympic Channel: Home of Team USA will complement NBCUniversal's extensive coverage with wall-to-wall 24/7 programming of the Games. Coverage runs from Saturday, Feb. 10 to Saturday, Feb. 24.
How to watch on digital and streaming services
NBCOlympics.com
NBCOlympics.com and the NBC Sports app will combine to present more than 1,800 hours of streaming coverage, including live streaming of all NBC network Primetime broadcasts.
The site will also provide additional Olympic content including exclusive video coverage, extensive video highlights, and three digital-only programs - Gold Zone, Olympic Ice, and Off the Post.
NBC Sports App
The NBC Sports App will present live streamed and on-demand coverage of all competition across all 15 sports and 102 medal events.
Additional Olympic Coverage
Daily Olympic Podcast - The Podium
A new podcast will be released each day beginning Thursday, February 8 at 8 a.m. EST, providing a recap of the previous days' competitions, overnight developments, and a look at the day ahead.
The Podium is available on Apple Podcasts across iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, CarPlay and iTunes on Mac and PC, and other podcast platforms via iOS and Android devices.
Virtual Reality
NBC Olympics will present more than 50 hours of live VR coverage to authenticated users with Windows Mixed Reality headsets, Samsung Gear VR, and both Google Cardboard and Google Daydream, with compatible iOS or Android devices via the NBC Sports VR app.
The Complete VR schedule can be found here.
Janelle Bynum, a state representative from Oregon who is black, said she was going door-to-door to talk with constituents when one of those constituents called the police on her, thinking her actions were "suspicious."
Bynum is running for reelection in November, and posted about the experience to Facebook on Tuesday.
"Big shout out to Officer Campbell who responded professionally to someone who said that I was going door to door and spending a lot of time typing on my cell phone after each house—- aka canvassing and keeping account of what my community cares about!" she wrote.
The incident happened around 5:10 p.m. Tuesday after Bynum had visited nearly 30 homes in Clackamas, Ore., OregonLive reports.
Her reaction when she saw the deputy pull up: "I don't believe this," the publication reports.
She learned through speaking with the deputy that a woman had called police thinking Bynum was casing the neighborhood.
The incident ended in an apology from the concerned resident and a selfie featuring Bynum and the responding officer — both all smiles.
Bynum told OregonLive that she did not know the race of the caller or where the woman lived, but was able to speak with the person on the phone. The woman said she called police out of concern for her neighborhood.
Bynum told the publication that she understood the concern, but wished the resident would have spoken with her directly or through a neighbor, instead of going directly to police.
"When people do things like this, it can be dangerous for people like me," she recalled telling the responding officer.
Portland, Oregon, City Council candidate Loretta Smith, who is friends with Bynum, connected Bynum's experience with a recent incident at Portland State University.
In that incident, police shot and killed Jason Washington, a legally armed black man who witnesses say was trying to break up a fight near the college campus.
"This coming on the heels of the shooting of Jason Washington, I think it's ‘here we go again,'" Smith said. "We're wracked by these racial injustices in our backyard. I know Oregon can do better. I know Portland can do better.”
National outrage has been sparked multiple times in recent weeks over examples of police intervention in non-violent incidents involving minorities — particularly children.
In late June, a neighbor called the cops on a 12-year-old and his summer grass-cutting crew in a Cleveland suburb.
Around the same date, a white woman went viral for appearing to call the police on an 8-year-old black girl selling water without a permit in California.
"We all know that we're not in a society that is perfect, and we have wounded that still need to heal, but at the end of the day, I want to know my kids can walk down the street without fear," Bynum told OregonLive.
Contributing: Sara Roth and John Tierney, KGW-TV
Janelle Bynum, D, District 51
Special to the Statesman Journal
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
LOS ANGELES – Jason Day can't explain the math that makes up the Official World Golf Ranking, but then few cans.
What the Australian has no trouble explaining, however, is what it means to him to be atop that mathematical heap.
“They don't give trophies for it,” smiled Day, who has held the top spot for 51 weeks. “It is more of a pride thing at the end of your career - you want to know how many weeks you were at No. 1. To get there even for one week is pretty special.”
Day initially held the top spot for just a single week in 2015 after winning the BMW Championship, and he retook the No. 1 ranking last March with his victory at the WGC-Dell Match Play and has been there ever since.
Most players grow up dreaming of rolling in the winning putt at Augusta National in April or weathering a summer storm to hoist the claret jug in July, but for Day every potential version of success included his name etched first atop the world ranking.
It has driven him through a difficult adolescence and more injuries than he cares to admit as an adult. Earlier this year he went so far as to say that holding the No. 1 ranking from January to December was the ultimate goal, but that seems certain to be challenged.
There are three players who can leave Los Angeles this week with the No. 1 ranking: Day, Dustin Johnson and Hideki Matsuyama, depending on various scenarios and projections.
Genesis Open: Articles, photos and videos
Although Day's lead in the ranking over No. 2 Rory McIlroy has remained about the same, roughly a half-point, since his victory last May at The Players, other would-be kings like Johnson and Matsuyama have slowly cut into his advantage and set up what could be a volatile spring for the top players.
It's also set up an interesting question for Day, who was slowed late last year by injury.
“My whole goal in life was to get to No. 1 in the world, get to No. 1,” he said Tuesday at the Genesis Open. “Where do you go now, you know what I mean? You've got to keep pushing forward and trying to find a way to stay there.”
There's no doubt Day has learned how to separate what it takes to get to the top of the world ranking, and the motivation that quest generates, from the actual accomplishment. There are, as he said, no trophies doled out to the world No. 1.
But investing that much energy into being the top dog brings a physical and emotional toll and is often out of a player's control. Golf is fickle - sometimes a bad bounce or poor weather draw can cost even the most prepared player a title, and that uncertainty is compounded by the subjective math of the world ranking.
Day's desire to make the most of the math is understandable, endearing even, and considering his play the last few years it's difficult to second-guess. But the world ranking can be an unforgiving accomplice that is often decided by elements outside of a player's control.
Motivation comes in all manner of shapes and sizes, from incremental gains in putting or wedge play to finishes in the game's biggest events. For Day the world ranking has proven to be a compelling source of inspiration, but for how long?
A dad and daughter pole dancing duo, branded “the weirdest thing I have ever seen” by a “Britain's Got Talent” judge, have opened a studio together.
Dave Roberts, 52, and his eldest daughter Hazel, 27, paired up after attending a Halloween party together, and teach a cohort of eager students.
Hazel said that the key to their partnership was “trust.”
Their relationship surprises some pupils but Hazel and Dave focus their classes on the gymnastic skills required rather than sexy dance moves.
Hazel said: “It's a matter of trust.”
“If you can't trust your own dad not to drop you, who can you trust?”
“I've had other people suggest that I work with them, but I think to myself ‘not a chance.'”
“I wouldn't feel so comfortable or safe because they would not know my balance points like my dad does.”
Hazel began pole dancing six years ago, at the same time that Dave was encouraged to attend a class by his ex-girlfriend.
“Completely coincidentally I did a six week course in the last year of college in Ireland and sent him a picture of me doing a Crucifix saying ‘look what I can do,'” Hazel said.
“He sent one back in the same pose saying ‘so can I.'”
The dad of five initially kept his hobby under wraps for fear of being ridiculed by friends and family but when Hazel returned from college they began going to classes together.
They were eventually persuaded to appear on TV talent show “Britain's Got Talent” which resulted in their act being branded too “weird” by judges, in 2015.
Judge David Walliams described it as “the weirdest thing I have ever seen.”
Dave went on to be placed fourth in the world in the Mr. Pole Dance semi-pro category in 2016 and every week has to give his daughter an infusion of white blood cells, to treat medical condition common variable immunodeficiency (CVID).
They are now preparing to open a studio with 14-foot poles, in Tewkesbury, Gloucestershire, a town 100 miles west of London.
Hazel said the most rewarding part of teaching is encouraging people to build up the confidence to discard their jogging bottoms and grip the pole with their bare legs.
Hazel said: “They come in saying they can't wear shorts because they have thunder thighs, but I just tell them that means they will be able to grip the pole better.”
“We start off with moves that secretly build up their core muscles so by the time they come to lift their feet off the floor, they are already stronger than when they came.”
Kate Brown, 30, said: “I was a bit confused when I first heard her call Dave ‘dad,' but they clearly know what they are doing and make me feel very safe.”
“Dave is very strong so he can help with the power stuff and between them, they have a lot of different strengths. They work really well together.”
Tracey Fisher, 35, who started classes two weeks ago, said: “They are brilliant teachers, really, really fit and good at what they do.”
“They make it look so effortless and elegant, but it's far from easy.”
“I was a bit surprised when I found out they were father and daughter but they work really well together so what does it matter?”
Many payday lenders could go out of business if rules made final this week by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau go into effect. But the changes face stiff headwinds from Republicans in Congress.
One new rule would require payday and auto title lenders to determine whether a borrower can afford to repay in full within 30 days. That could thwart a business model that consumer advocates say relies on the rollover of unpaid loans with the accumulation of exorbitant fees and interest rates of 300 percent or more.
The proposed regulations also would limit the number of times a lender can debit a borrower's account without being reauthorized to do so. As The Associated Press writes, "This is because many payday loan borrowers end up over-drafting their bank accounts, which in turn incurs fees" or forces them to close their accounts.
"Too often, borrowers who need quick cash end up trapped in loans they can't afford," CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement. "The rule's common-sense ability-to-repay protections prevent lenders from succeeding by setting up borrowers to fail."
Investopedia writes:
"Payday lenders offer short-term cash loans in exchange for a postdated check, usually dated for your next payday. The amount of the check includes the loan total and a finance charge. For example, you write a check for, say, $115 to receive a $100 loan. Given a two-week loan term, which is fairly standard, the $15 finance charge works out to an APR of nearly 400%, and this assumes you pay back the loan on time."
But a 2014 study by the CFPB found that the vast majority of payday loans are not paid back on time: More than 80 percent are rolled over or followed by another loan within two weeks. The study found that 15 percent of new loans "are followed by a loan sequence at least 10 loans long."
"Payday and car title lenders profit from repeatedly dragging hard-pressed people deeper and deeper into debt, and taking advantage of families when they are financially vulnerable," said Lisa Donner with Americans for Financial Reform. "Curbing the ability to push loans that borrowers clearly cannot repay is a key protection."
However, the Financial Services Association of America, a trade group that represents the $39 billion industry, says the rule would devastate an industry that serves 30 million to 40 million customers a year.
"Taking away their access to this line of credit means many more Americans will be left with no choice but to turn to the unregulated loan industry, overseas and elsewhere, while others will simply bounce checks and suffer under the burden of greater debt," says Ed D'Alessio, the group's executive director.
The CFPB estimates that loan volume for the industry could be cut in half and that many of the 16,000 payday lender stores in 35 states will be forced out of business. Fifteen states have effectively banned such lenders.
Along with finalizing the proposed CFPB rule, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on Thursday lifted restrictions that kept banks from making small-dollar loans, Reuters reports.
The payday rule would not go into effect until 2019 and still could be rolled back by Congress.
The CFPB, created under the Obama-era Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, has been in the cross-hairs of the Trump administration and Republicans lawmakers who say it saddles businesses with excessive red tape.
In February, Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., introduced a bill to cut funding to the CFPB. In June, House Republicans voted overwhelmingly in favor of a bill pushed by Texas GOP Rep. Jeb Hensarling to weaken the bureau and roll back the Dodd-Frank act.
According to an opinion poll published in April by the Pew Charitable Trusts, 70 percent of 1,205 American adults surveyed want more regulation of payday lenders.
Source: Shutterstock/Valeriiaarnaud
EVERY MORNING, TheJournal.ie brings you the stories you need to know as you start your day.
1. #AIR CORPS: A new protected disclosure has been sent to the Minister for Defence detailing a number of ‘verified deaths' of those allegedly affected by the Air Corps chemical scandal.
2. #LAS VEGAS SHOOTING: An arms dealer has become the first person charged in connection with a mass shooting on the Las Vegas strip last October which killed 58.
3. #SCIENTOLOGY: A group linked to the Church of Scientology is distributing a book of ‘commandments' to Dublin's north inner city.
4. #BAD IDEA: Parents giving their children alcohol doesn't lower their chances of developing drink problems later in life, new research suggests.
5. #COURTS: A Dublin teenager who left a cyclist with a hairline fracture after a hit-and-run has avoided jail.
6. #LADY GAGA: The singer has cancelled the remainder of her current European tour, citing ‘severe pain' as the reason.
7. #TEST CASE: A Polish man is fighting his extradition from Ireland citing the alleged corruption of his home country's legal system.
8. #SHARING INFO: The details of all air passengers travelling from Ireland could be sent to Europe and the US under new laws.
9. #THE FINAL STRAW: Here's why Irish pubs and cafés are ditching plastic straws.
"He pushed me down. He tried to shove himself on me. He tried to expose himself. He did all kinds of unpleasant things."
Three months after saying she was "waiting to feel less angry" before speaking publicly about Harvey Weinstein, actor Uma Thurman on Saturday accused the disgraced Hollywood producer of sexually assaulting her in a London hotel room. In an interview with New York Times opinion columnist Maureen Dowd, Thurman said Weinstein "attacked" her and did "all kinds of unpleasant things." “The complicated feeling I have about Harvey is how bad I feel about all the women that were attacked after I was," said Thurman.
In a statement provided to BuzzFeed News, Weinstein's attorney, Ben Brafman, said the producer is "stunned and saddened by what he claims to be false accusations by Uma Thurman." Brafman said that Thurman's comments to the Times "are being carefully examined and investigated before deciding whether any legal action against her would be appropriate." Thurman starred in Pulp Fiction (1994) and Kill Bill: Volume 1 (2003) and Volume 2 (2004), the indie hits directed by Quentin Tarantino and produced by Weinstein.
She said after Pulp Fiction she began to spend more time with Weinstein and his then-wife Eve Chilton. “I knew him pretty well before he attacked me,” she said. “He used to spend hours talking to me about material and complimenting my mind and validating me. It possibly made me overlook warning signs.”
Thurman first described an incident in a Paris hotel room, where Weinstein donned a bathrobe and led her into a steam room.
"I was standing there in my full black leather outfit — boots, pants, jacket. And it was so hot and I said, ‘This is ridiculous, what are you doing?' And he was getting very flustered and mad and he jumped up and ran out,” Thurman told the Times. Shortly after that occasion, Thurman said she was sexually assaulted by Weinstein, again at a meeting in a hotel room, this time at the Savoy Hotel in London: He pushed me down. He tried to shove himself on me. He tried to expose himself. He did all kinds of unpleasant things. But he didn't actually put his back into it and force me. You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard. I was doing anything I could to get the train back on the track. My track. Not his track. The next day, she said Weinstein sent two dozen yellow roses and a note that read, "you have great instincts."
Thurman said she went to meet with Weinstein again at the Savoy to confront him about the attack. She said she told him, "If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career, your reputation, and your family, I promise you."
Thurman told Dowd she doesn't remember what happened next, but a friend, makeup artist Ilona Herman, who was waiting downstairs at the hotel, said when Thurman came downstairs “she was very disheveled and so upset and had this blank look." "Her eyes were crazy and she was totally out of control. I shoveled her into the taxi and we went home to my house. She was really shaking," recalled Herman to the Times, adding that Thurman had told her Weinstein had threatened to ruin her career. When BuzzFeed News asked for further clarification on the incidents, Thurman's spokesperson replied: "The article speaks for itself." In a statement to BuzzFeed News, a Weinstein spokesperson acknowledged he had made "an awkward pass 25 years ago in England after misreading her signals, after a flirtatious exchange in Paris, for which he immediately apologized and deeply regrets."
His spokesperson said "her claims about being physically assaulted are untrue. And this is the first time we have heard those details."
The spokesperson provided BuzzFeed News with six photos of Thurman and Weinstein at various work events in recent years, which they claim "demonstrate a strong relationship" between the two.
Full statement from Harvey Weinstein regarding Uma Thurman's interview with @maureendowd saying Weinstein attacked… https://t.co/QEWihZD2sX
Weinstein's attorney, Ben Brafman, also sent BuzzFeed News a statement calling Thurman's comments "false accusations of attempted physical assault."
Just got a statement from Ben Brafman, Harvey Weinstein's attorney saying that they are carefully examining Uma Thu… https://t.co/XTZUuIw0o8
After the revelations against Weinstein first broke in the New York Times and New Yorker last year, Thurman was interviewed on the red carpet, saying that she was too "angry" to speak out yet.
"I am not a child," Thurman said. "And I have learned that when I've spoken in anger, I usually regret the way I express myself. So, I've been waiting to feel less angry, and when I'm ready, I'll say what I have to say."
Dear #UmaThurman may peace be with you and your soul. We need your strong voice, it truly is commanding https://t.co/Wdom7pBEM4
On Thanksgiving, Thurman also posted a message on Instagram, a still from a scene in Kill Bill: Volume 2 where her character is driving to get revenge on the person who has wronged her.
"Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! (Except you Harvey, and all your wicked conspirators - I'm glad it's going slowly - you don't deserve a bullet)," she wrote.
Her interview with Dowd also touched on her relationship with Tarantino, with Dowd writing that the "animosity between Weinstein and Thurman infected her creative partnership" with the director. “I am one of the reasons that a young girl would walk into his room alone, the way I did," Thurman told the Times. "Quentin used Harvey as the executive producer of Kill Bill, a movie that symbolizes female empowerment. And all these lambs walked into slaughter because they were convinced nobody rises to such a position who would do something illegal to you, but they do.” Thurman told the newspaper that Weinstein apologized about the hotel incidents to her in 2001, after Tarantino noticed Thurman was uncomfortable around the producer and quizzed her on why.
"I just walked away stunned, like ‘OK, well there's my half-assed apology,'” Thurman said.
Thurman also accused Tarantino of putting her life at risk by insisting during Kill Bill filming that she drive a stunt car that she'd been warned wasn't functioning properly. The stunt resulted in a car accident that left her seriously injured, with Thurman saying she still has a "permanently damaged neck" and "screwed-up knees." She said it took Tarantino 15 years to provide her footage of the crash, which was published by the Times. "We were in a terrible fight for years,” she said. “We had to then go through promoting the movies. It was all very thin ice." She also said that Tarantino had spat on her face himself and choked her as part of filming stunts for Kill Bill. The Times said Tarantino did not respond to requests for comment. BuzzFeed News also contacted his lawyers.
Fox, best known as DS James Hathaway, will star as Lord Palmerston
Lewis star Laurence Fox is joining Victoria as the “charismatic and wayward” Foreign Secretary Lord Palmerston – as filming for series three of the ITV historical drama officially begins.
Advertisement
The year is 1848, and it's a “turbulent and uncertain time” for Queen Victoria (Jenna Coleman) and her husband Prince Albert (Tom Hughes).
Tony and Olivier Award nominated actress Kate Fleetwood is also among the new cast as Victoria's “mysterious sister” Feodora, who makes an “unexpected return” into the Queen's life. (And yes, she did exist: the real Princess Feodora of Leiningen was Victoria's beloved elder half-sister who had married a German prince and escaped the confines of Kensington Palace while Victoria was still young.)
Series three will see Victoria under pressure from the government to leave London for her own safety, amid fears of revolution and unrest in London. But the Queen is also facing pressure within the royal marriage.
Creator Daisy Goodwin said: “Victoria and Albert are the most famous couple of the nineteenth century, but underneath the united facade, their relationship is at breaking point and it is a struggle for mastery that neither side can win.”
Speaking after the show was recommissioned, she said: “Series three will start in 1848 which was a hugely dramatic and eventful time for both the royal family and Europe, with revolutions on the continent and uncertainty around the monarchy. Viewers can expect more drama than ever before in the third series.”
Also joining the cast are Lily Travers as the Duchess of Monmouth, as well as the actor and comedian John Sessions as Prime Minister John Russell, who was in power for much of this period.
Advertisement
Nicholas Audsley, David Burnett and Emily Forbes have also been announced for series three – though the details of their characters are still under wraps.
A federal judge ordered 21st Century Fox Inc. to defend a lawsuit by a former Fox News panelist who claimed she was raped by a longtime anchor and that her complaint was ignored by the company.
U.S. District Judge William Pauley in Manhattan on Tuesday narrowed the suit by Scottie Nell Hughes but said it could go forward.
Fox Sued Over Ex-Panelist's Claim She Was Sexually Assaulted
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Republicans who control the Indiana Statehouse say fiscal restraint is in order when they convene in January.
But while they preach frugality ahead of the session that begins Tuesday, they are also planning to ramp up infrastructure spending. And they want to increase taxes to pay for it.
An increase in the gas tax, hiking vehicle registration costs and increasing tobacco taxes are all ideas that have been floated.
GOP leaders say passing a two-year budget for the state and developing a long-term plan to pay for infrastructure improvements are there major goals for this year.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Nick Scholefield
IT services outfit Interactive has appointed former Perpetual GM of technology Nick Scholefield as its first chief information officer.
Scholefield has spent the last four-and-a-half years as general manager, technology at Perpetual Limited. Prior to that, he was delivery manager, software professional services at HP. He also spent 12 years in senior technology roles at BT Financial Group.
Interactive has also appointed former Macquarie Capital exec Belinda Cooney as its chief financial officer. Cooney also serves as an advisory board member at the CSIRO's Data61.
Nick Scholefield said in a statement: I am very happy to be joining a company like Interactive and I look forward to helping our clients adapt and take advantage of the rapid advances in technology, particularly that of multi-cloud.
“I believe my customer and delivery experience will enable both Interactive and our clients to succeed in an increasingly fast-paced business environment.”
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Uber used secret software code-named “Hell” to spy on rival ride-sharing app Lyft, according to a report.
The program was used by Uber between 2014 and early last year to track how many Lyft drivers were available for new rides and where they were, according to the Information, a tech news site.
Under the direction of Uber Chief Executive Travis Kalanick, the ride-sharing giant did so by creating fake Lyft accounts that tricked Lyft's system into revealing not only the location and availability of its drivers in real time, but also the prices they were offering for certain trips.
That, in turn, enabled Uber to identify which of its drivers were also driving for Lyft, and dangle incentives to lure then away from the rival app.
In addition to violating Lyft's terms of service which prohibit “impersonat[ing] any person or entity,” the “Hell” software could expose Uber to civil legal charges including breach of contract, unfair business practices, stealing trade secrets and violating the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, according to the report.
“We are in a competitive industry. However, if true, these allegations are very concerning,” a Lyft spokesperson said.
Uber didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.
Last month, it was reported that Uber used a software program called “Greyball” to circumvent law enforcement in some markets.
Phil Mickelson is a master of delivering a perfect shot from a tough position, and while he had a decent lie in a fairway bunker at TPC Scottsdale's 6th hole Friday, he outdid himself by nearly holing out from 140 yards.
Would you expect anything less from Phil?#QuickHits pic.twitter.com/S2dbs2oI0H — PGA TOUR (@PGATOUR) February 2, 2018
Mickelson made the putt to go 2-under on his round through the opening six holes. After a 70 on Thursday, Mickelson seems likely to make the cut in Phoenix. Daniel Berger took the lead in the clubhouse at 9-under par, but Rickie Fowler is currently surging up the leaderboard in his second round.
She plays like four different people in it and gets caught in a love triangle. It's a very eventful 3 minutes and 53 seconds.
Tyler is a native of Rockford who grew up idolizing the DJs and mixers on B96. In fact, he still has boxes of B96 Street Mixes on cassette recorded straight off the radio from when he was a kid. His radio career started during colleg...
Lionsgate expects to reach millions of fans of the Saw franchise with The Jigsaw Virtual Room, a scalable ad offering an immersive VR experience that is complemented with mobile video.
The announcement by Lionsgate and Unity technologies of the launch of a Virtual Reality advertisement for the theatrical release of Jigsaw, the next film in the blockbuster Saw horror franchise, is a first-of-its-kind when it comes to VR. Built on Unity, the new Jigsaw Virtual Room interactive ad format is created within the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) emerging ad experience guidelines and will surface in VR apps made with Unity.
The Jigsaw Virtual Room is truly an authentic experience, featuring real props from the movie rendered in VR, custom voice-over from Jigsaw-himself, actor Tobin Bell, and even includes shrines to each of the eight films in the Saw franchise. By running the movie trailer in addition to the Virtual Room, Lionsgate will reach millions of fans through this one program.
“The Jigsaw Virtual Room is just the beginning. Now that we've proven broad-reaching, deeply immersive ads are possible, we expect to see this trend continue with formats including VR, AR, 360 mobile video, and playables,” said Julie Shumaker, VP of Advertiser Solutions at Unity. “Brands will have the opportunity to tell their story in a way that elicits emotional, memorable interactions. As the development platform with the highest reach in AR, VR, and mobile games, we are excited to see what marketers will do next.”
“Advertising in VR combines the storytelling power of immersive content with the guaranteed reach of a media buy,” said David Edwards, SVP of Digital Marketing at Lionsgate. “We're thrilled to have worked with Unity on this campaign, bringing Jigsaw into an engaging VR ad experience.”
The Jigsaw Virtual Room will also be distributed naturally within two VR apps: the Samsung Internet for VR app and Spiraloid's Nanite Fulcrum. When Samsung extended its mobile web browser and built a VR web browser for Gear VR users, they made the core app in Unity. As a result, Unity was able to seamlessly integrate the Jigsaw Virtual Room into the Samsung Internet VR app, the first interactive experience to ever appear on its VR browser home screen. The Virtual Room will also appear in Spiraloid's Nanite Fulcrum, which is the next step in the evolution of the graphic novel. Users will be able to enter an exclusive Jigsaw comic book panel where the same heart-pumping ad will live. Nanite Fulcrum will be on the GearVR and also on the Oculus Rift, showcasing the cross-platform benefits of running this ad format on Unity.
Lionsgate will debut the Jigsaw VR ad content within a custom-built experiential ‘Escape Room' installation at New York Comic-Con until October 8, 2017, with an online launch happening later in the month leading into the film's theatrical release this Halloween.
Was This Post Helpful:
Image copyright Google Image caption The road was closed from Brickfields Avenue to Exning village
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two men died in a car crash.
A Volkswagen Golf and a Renault Laguna collided on Exning Road in Newmarket, Suffolk, at about 23:50 BST on Sunday.
A 43-year-old passenger in the Golf and the 20-year-old driver of the Renault died at the scene.
Police said two women, who were in the Golf, remain in Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge, one with serious injuries.
A Suffolk Police spokeswoman said the detained woman, who is 32, had also been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving, possession of a controlled drug and aggravated taking without consent.
The force has appealed for witnesses.
A depraved couple used the proceeds from a sex slave ring they ran to send their daughter to a posh private school, a court heard this week.
Hong Chin and his ex-partner Li Wei Gao were found guilty Thursday of operating a sex-trafficking operation that spanned southern England and Wales for more than two years, raking in nearly $200,000.
Judge Philip Katz described the ring as a “sexual conveyor belt” used to pay for Chin and Gao's daughter's more than $1,800-a-month education at an unidentified school, according to the Telegraph.
The profits were also used to fund an exclusive golf club membership, the BBC reported.
The trio lured as many as 19 women to the UK from China and Korea and advertised their sexual services online.
Chin used bogus information to book 92 hotel rooms between February 2013 and June 2015.
The sex slaves were sent to johns in hotels in Maidstone, Cardiff, Brighton, Gatwick, Eastbourne, Southampton, Woking, Exeter, Guildford, Windsor and Bournemouth.
One woman testified that she was forced to have sex with as many as 10 men a day and give her earnings to the sex ring operators, the BBC said.
Chin had a fake British passport and used fake names like Ricky and Ken. He ran a pit bull dog breeding kennel in Surrey, where Gao lived in a converted barn with their daughter.
Chin's lover Ting Li Lu was also convicted for helping the couple.
Chin, Lu and Gao were found guilty of conspiracy to control prostitution for gain and plotting to traffic for sexual exploitation.
First Read is your briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump loses ground in key character traits: poll 2:20 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump rolls the dice in Georgia election
Democrats always wanted to make tonight's special congressional election in Georgia about President Trump. And he's obliged in the last 24 hours — by tweeting about the contest ("The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal [sic] race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!"), and then by recording a robocall in the contest. "Only you can stop the super liberal Democrats and Nancy Pelosi's group, and in particular, Jon Ossoff. If you don't vote tomorrow, Ossoff will raise your taxes, destroy your healthcare, and flood our country with illegal immigrants," Trump says in the robocall, per NBC's Alex Seitz-Wald.
And while Trump here is trying to gin up Republican turnout — to keep Ossoff below 50% to force a June 20 runoff — his involvement could also further motivate Democrats. It's the same kind of damned-if-you-do-damned-if-you-don't situation Barack Obama frequently faced: You're going to get blamed if you don't get involved and lose, so you might as well help your downballot candidates. But what's remarkable here is that Trump isn't touting a particular Republican (11 are in the field); he's trying to stop one single Democrat — in a congressional district (urban, upscale) that's not necessarily tailor-made for the president. Indeed, Trump again tweeted this morning, "Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed On income tax day, Trump continues to refuse to release his returns 3:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Everything you need to know about tonight's special congressional election in Georgia
So tonight brings us the high-profile special congressional election in Georgia to fill the seat vacated by Republican HHS Secretary Tom Price. If no one gets more than 50% of the vote in this 18-candidate field, the race heads to a June 20 runoff. Here is everything you need to know:
Can Democrat Jon Ossoff get 50%-plus and avoid a runoff? Probably not, but he has a chance. The polls show Ossoff in the low-to mid-40s, but that percentage could grow if Democratic turnout is sky-high compared with GOP turnout. As the New York Times' Nate Cohn has estimated, Hillary Clinton would have won about 57% of the voters who have already voted early in this contest.
Is Ossoff doomed if he can't crack 50% tomorrow? Not necessarily. While Republicans' odds of holding on to this seat increase in a two-person race, the polling — which hasn't been of the greatest quality, mind you -- shows Ossoff running competitively against the top-tier Republicans in a runoff. The nonpartisan Cook Political Report is designating the overall contest as a Toss Up.
How much is the race about Trump? Ossoff has definitely tried to make it about the president. "When President Trump embarrasses our country or acts recklessly, I'll hold him accountable," he has said in one of his ads. "Donald Trump doesn't represent our values," Rep. John Lewis says to the camera in another Ossoff ad.
Republicans, meanwhile, first targeted Ossoff by resurfacing video of him drinking and acting out as Han Solo during his college days. Then they tied him Nancy Pelosi. And then they played the Osama bin Laden card in this video.
Is this district Trump country? No. And this is an important point if Ossoff wins (either on April 18 or June 20). Tom Price got 62% of the vote in this highly educated and affluent Atlanta-area district in 2016, and Mitt Romney took 61% in 2012. But Trump barely beat Hillary Clinton here in 2016, 48%-47%, and that was on his best day of the general election.
Who are the top Republicans? They include former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel (who has been the top Republican in most polls), former state Sen. Dan Moody (who has been endorsed by U.S. Sen. David Perdue), and businessman Bob Gray (whom the Club for Growth is backing).
How much national money is going into this one contest? About $14 million has been spent on advertising in this district by both sides. Ossoff himself raised at least $8.3 million for his run -- an astounding sum for a House candidate — but he has also had to contend with the widely-publicized fact that just 5% of those donations came from his own home state.
What time do polling places close? Polls in Georgia close at 7:00 pm ET. There has been a sizable early vote in this race, and so early vote totals will probably show Ossoff with a significant early lead. The question is whether that holds up when Election Day totals come in.
How predictive are special elections for upcoming midterm elections? They aren't. While an Ossoff win would send shockwaves throughout Congress and open GOP eyes about the current political mood, special elections don't predict how a later midterm cycle will turn out. Indeed, back in 2010, Democrats won a highly contested special election to fill the seat of the late Rep. Jack Murtha (D-PA). But that Democratic victory didn't stop the GOP from its huge midterm victories that year.
Democrats: We're going to block tax reform until Trump releases his taxes
"As procrastinators rushed to file their tax returns by Tuesday, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, emphasized again on Monday that Mr. Trump had no intention of making his public. Democrats have seized on that decision, uniting around a pledge not to cooperate on any rewriting of the tax code unless they know specifically how that revision would benefit the billionaire president and his family," the New York Times writes. "And a growing roster of more than a dozen Republican lawmakers now say Mr. Trump should release them. 'If he doesn't release his returns, it is going to make it much more difficult to get tax reform done,' said Senator Chuck Schumer, the Democratic leader, pointing out that the president has significant conflicts of interest on issues such as taxation of the real estate industry and elimination of the estate tax. 'It's in his own self-interest.'"
Say my name, say my name
Critics are jumping all over Trump's Fox News interview, in which he refers to Kim Jong-un as "these gentlemen" and seems to conflate the North Korean leader with his father, who succeeded his father, Kim Jong-il in 2011. "I don't want to telegraph what I'm doing or what I'm thinking. I'm not like other administrations, where they say we're going to do this in four weeks," Trump told Fox, per The Hill. "It doesn't work that way. We'll see what happens. I hope things work out well. I hope there's going to be peace, but they've been talking with this gentleman for a long time." More Trump: "You read Clinton's book, and he said, 'Oh, we made such a great peace deal,' and it was a joke. You look at different things over the years with President Obama. Everybody has been outplayed." And: "They've all been outplayed by this gentleman."
Let us now praise authoritarian men
This kind of statement never would have been released by George W. Bush, whose administration tried to promote democracy around the world. "President Donald J. Trump spoke today with President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey to congratulate him on his recent referendum victory and to discuss the United States' action in response to the Syrian regime's use of chemical weapons on April 4th," per the White House's readout of Trump's call yesterday with Erdoğan. "President Trump thanked President Erdoğan for supporting this action by the United States, and the leaders agreed on the importance of holding Syrian President Bashar al-Assad accountable." Why that readout is extraordinary: Erdoğan narrowly won a referendum that fundamentally transforms Turkey's democracy. Leonid Bershidsky writes how Turkey's referendum was the latest example of rural areas besting urban ones in a narrowly decided election.
British prime minister calls for snap election
NBC News: "British Prime Minister Theresa May stunned her country Tuesday by calling a for a snap general election to be held in less than two months' time. Her announcement caps a bruising year for the United Kingdom, coming only 10 months after the country's "Brexit" vote to leave the European Union that ushered in May's own leadership. Tuesday's statement delivered outside the prime minister's formal residence came as even more of a surprise because the prime minister has repeatedly ruled out calling an unscheduled election."
Trump's Day
President Trump today heads to Wisconsin, where he makes remarks at 3:20 pm ET. Per NBC's Ali Vitali, Trump will sign an executive order here that the administration is touting as "Buy American, Hire American" The Hire American piece will call on the Departments of Labor, Justice, Homeland Security, and State to take "prompt action" in cracking down on fraud and abuse through the assessing of guest worker programs in the United States.
What were other presidents doing on April 18?
Just days before Prince's accidental and fatal overdose, a doctor prescribed him oxycodone under a friend's name in order to protect the late musicians privacy, an affidavit unsealed on Monday revealed.
One affidavit reveals that Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told authorities he prescribed oxycodone to Kirk Johnson, Prince's longtime friend and estate manager, "for Prince's privacy." Dr. Schulenberg prescribed the drug to Prince six days before his death, on the same day his plane made an emergency landing in Illinois.
Although representatives for Prince originally said he was suffering from the flu, it was subsequently reported that Prince was treated with drugs that combat drug overdoes.
Prince, 57, died on April 21, 2016, after he was found unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park residence in Minnesota. Subsequent toxicology reports revealed that the musician died of an accidental overdose of fentanyl — an extremely potent synthetic opioid primarily used for pain associated with cancer treatment.
The newly released documents — which included multiple affidavits and search warrants — also revealed that prescription medications, particularly other opioids, were found in containers such as vitamin bottles in locations around Prince's home. Some bottles were labeled as though they contained acetaminophen and hydrocodone, and one of these bottles contained fentanyl, "implying it was counterfeit," the Associated Press reported.
Monday's released documents do not reveal where Prince illegally obtained fentanyl, which was not prescribed to Prince or his friend. Oxycodone was not listed as a cause of death by the Midwest Medical Examiner's Office. The released search warrants show that investigators were searching cell phone records of Prince's friend and his emails to determine how the musician got a hold of the powerful drug that led to his accidental death.
Multiple reports since Prince's death show that the late musician was struggling with addiction to painkillers. In fact, the man who found Prince unresponsive in the elevator was sent to start Prince on an emergency treatment regiment for addiction to painkillers.
One search warrant suggests that "witnesses interviewed at the scene" revealed that "Prince recently has a history of going through withdrawals," which was the "result of the abuse of prescription medication."
Traveling down U.S. 331 between Freeport and the interstate can be little slow going due to construction. With single lanes and sudden lane changes, traveling throughout the construction zone can be frustrating for many. But, according to the Walton County Sheriff's Office, as construction lightens up on the highway, motorists seem to be involved in fewer crashes. “I think the fact that we're going slower for construction was causing some frustration. The lane changes and things of that nature and then as soon as they get through they speed up and so I think it's a combination of a lot of traffic in a very tight, congested area. And that's never a recipe for success,” said Walton County Sheriff Michael Adkinson. Sheriff Adkinson says this season they've seen 55 fewer crashes than last year.
“That's a pretty significant drop on 331 and we think that the enforcement and the construction ending in certain areas had had an impact on that,” said Adkinson, “but as we go into construction over the next couple of years, we're going to have to watch that, what the trends are with that.”
For just the fourth time in a decade of testing, the PGA Tour has publicly suspended a player for violating its Anti-Doping Policy.
On Monday, the commissioner's office released the following statement: "The PGA TOUR announced today that Mark Hensby has violated the TOUR Anti-Doping Policy for failing to provide a drug testing sample after notification and has been suspended for a period of one year. He will be eligible to return on Oct. 26, 2018."
Hensby, 46 years old, played most of 2017 on the Web.com Tour. He won the 2004 John Deere Classic, posted consecutive top five finishes at the 2005 Masters and U.S. Open and made over $6.3 million in his career. The Australian entered the week at No. 1623 in the world rankings.
Hensby joins Doug Barron, Bhavik Patel and Scott Stallings as the only players to face disciplinary action for breaking this protocol. (Stallings was a self-reported case, as his medication was for a separate non-performance issue.) Vijay Singh was also banned for violating tour policy, but he later won his appeal.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Political debate is part of how some people determine who they will support in upcoming elections.
Monday, the Ohio Democratic Party announced they had finalized plans for the first of six debates between party primary candidates running in the gubernatorial race.
The first debate will be held September 12, at Martins Ferry high school in Belmont County, Ohio.
“We're picking eastern Ohio for a particular reason; this is a part of the state where so many communities have felt left behind by the current republican leadership in Columbus,” said Ohio Democratic Party Chairman David Peppers.
The party has divided the state into six regions and its goal is to hold a debate in each over the next six months or so.
Candidates Nan Whaley, Betty Sutton, Connie Pillich and Joe Schiavoni have all agreed to the debates and, according to Peppers, are eager to share their message with the voters of Ohio.
“We're excited that we have a set of candidates who are very eager to go out and talk to voters about what they want to do to change the state,” said Peppers. “We view this series of debates as a real opportunity.”
Peppers also blasted the Republican Party for not having debates set up with their candidates, calling the disagreements between candidates over debating a food fight.
Ohio Republican Party spokesman Blaine Kelly responded with this statement:
“I'm glad to see that the Democrats have announced their debate schedule and I look forward to hearing them struggle to explain how raising taxes for a radical single-payer health care system, as well as other failed far-left policies, will help Ohio families. In the meantime, Republicans will continue traveling the state and meeting Ohioans who Democrats have turned their backs on. All of our Republican candidates have expressed interest in negotiating debates, and we look forward to doing so when the time is right.”
When asked if the four candidates that have declared their entry into the gubernatorial race for the Democratic Party would be the only debaters on September 12, Peppers welcomed any other candidates who wanted to join the race to do so.
However, he did mention the party was pleased with the candidates who have already stepped forward and committed the party to a neutral position in terms of support for one candidate over another.
The debates themselves will be live streamed and some of the questions will come from Facebook and Twitter, according to Peppers.
Pepper says the reason behind the live streaming is the number of voters currently outside of Ohio who have a right to vote.
Those voters may want to stay informed on the candidates and their positions.
If you want to get tickets to the first debate, you can text the word DEBATE to 90975 for an alert when tickets become available.
Logistics on the five future debates are still being worked out.
FISHERS, Ind. (WISH) — For the first time in nearly 60 years, central Indiana is getting a new reservoir less than a quarter-mile away from Geist Reservoir.
Citizens Energy Group is hard at work on the “Citizens Reservoir Project,” turning the current Irving Materials Inc. limestone plant just south of 113th Street and Olio Road into a fully functioning water storage reservoir.
Dan Considine, spokesperson for Citizens Energy, says the group purchased the property two years ago and expect the stone excavations to finish in late 2019. He says the quarry has been in operation since 1956, and crews have dug 250 feet into the earth on the 88-acre plot. That's perfect for the city's newest reservoir, he said.
“It's quite a simple solution to a really important issue,” said Considine. “We're essentially going to let a very large quarry fill with water, and we're going to build some pumps that will pump it into Geist, and it'll flow downstream over the dam and into our treatment plant.”
Considine says 60 percent of the water supply for Indianapolis comes from the Central Canal channel, fueled by Fall Creek and the White River. If problems arose in Central Canal or if Indianapolis experienced a serious drought, the city's water supply would take a noticeable hit.
Building an additional reservoir costs around $500 million, Considine says, but simply filling an out-of-use quarry and building pumps will cost from $20-30 million.
“It's a really great cost-effective way to ensure water supply for Indianapolis,” he said. “We're not on Lake Michigan. We're not on Lake Erie. We're not on the Ohio River. … We really have to be smart and really plan well to make sure this area has the water it needs for economic growth and population growth.”
When the quarry is full, Considine says it'll hold about 3.5 billion gallons — half of what Geist Reservoir currently holds, but with a much smaller footprint.
However, that capacity means locals won't be able to enjoy a day out on Citizens Reservoir. It will be fenced in with no boating, swimming or fishing allowed.
“It wouldn't be advisable to have a house with a dock, where at the end of the dock, your water is 250 feet deep,” Considine says. “That wouldn't be wise.”
The reservoir is expected to be complete by 2020.
Drawing attention to the gender pay gap, tennis legend Martina Navratilova told the BBC that John McEnroe was paid at least “ten times more” than she was for commentator duties at Wimbledon.
Navratilova told McEnroe that she is “angry” after learning the news and feels bad for the women who work for BBC on a more regular basis: “It's extremely unfair and it makes me angry for the other women that I think go through this.”
The AP reports:
In a list of the BBC's highest-paid workers published last year, it was revealed that McEnroe earned between 150,000-199,999 pounds ($210,000-280,000) for working at Wimbledon.
Navratilova said she gets paid 15,000 pounds ($21,000).
Navratilova, a nine-time singles champion at the England Club, said she was told by the BBC that she earns a “comparable amount, so … we were not told the truth.”
The BBC said “the two commentators are on different types of contracts and that Martina Navratilova appears less than John McEnroe.”
The AP expanded on that statement: “The corporation said that while Navratilova is paid per appearance, has a fixed volume of work and has no contractual commitment, McEnroe is on call for the entire 13 days of the tournament, has a larger breadth of work — including radio and publicity — and has a contract that means he cannot work for another British broadcaster without the BBC's permission.”
RB Leipzig coach Ralph Hasenhuettl celebrated with Ademola Lookman after the win
Ademola Lookman struck the winner on his debut three days after leaving Everton on loan as RB Leipzig won at Borussia Moenchengladbach.
The 20-year-old moved on deadline day despite Everton manager Sam Allardyce urging him to move on loan in England.
After being on the pitch 11 minutes, Lookman drove into the bottom corner for an 89th-minute winner.
He becomes the first Englishman to score in the Bundesliga since Owen Hargreaves at Bayern Munich in 2005.
Allardyce said Lookman's move to Leipzig was "one of the most unusual situations I've been in", adding the deal was a "big challenge" for the player's development.
The former England manager said he hoped Lookman "proves us all wrong" and in finding the net on debut, his goal delivered Leipzig's first win in three matches, moving them third in the table.
England Under-21 international Lookman joined the Toffees from Charlton for £11m in January 2017 and has made seven Premier League appearances this season, starting one game.
A pro-life advocate in Belfast, Ireland, holds a plastic doll to protest the push to repeal the country's ban on abortion. Charles McQuillan Getty Images
CINCINNATI (AP) – Some on the front lines of the opioid crisis in one of the nation's hardest-hit states would like to hear more about President Donald Trump's plans to fight it.
Trump is headed to Ohio on Monday but is expected to focus on the new tax overhaul.
Newtown, Ohio, Police Chief Tom Synan (SEYE'-nan) says he found Trump's comments on opioids in his State of the Union address to be “much of the same”: strong words without strong actions.
Synan is a law enforcement representative on the Cincinnati-based Hamilton County Heroin Coalition. He wrote a column recently for The Cincinnati Enquirer calling for more urgency in the national response.
But Ohio Fraternal Order of Police leader Jay McDonald says Trump was spot-on about the scope of the problem.
Man Utd complete £31 million signing of Lindelof
Manchester United on Wednesday completed the signing of Swedish international centre-back Victor Lindelof from Benfica for a fee believed to be £31 million (35m euros, $39.6m), the English Premier League side announced.
“I am thrilled to be joining Manchester United,” said the 22-year-old after penning a four-year deal.
“I have enjoyed my time at Benfica enormously and I have learned a lot there. But I'm looking forward to playing in the Premier League at Old Trafford and for Jose Mourinho.”
The post Man Utd complete £31 million signing of Lindelof appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Source: Shutterstock/Kiryakova Anna
A SIX YEAR study in Australia has found that parents giving their children alcohol does not lower alcohol-related risks.
The study published in the Lancet Public Health journal spoke to 1927 teenages and their parents. It founded that there were no benefits or protective effects associated with giving teenagers alcohol when compared to teenagers who were not given alcohol.
Instead, parental provision of alcohol was associated with increased likelihood of teenagers accessing alcohol through other sources, compared to teenagers not given any alcohol.
Researchers say drinking during adolescence is particularly concerning as that is when dependence issues are likely to develop.
The study recruited teenagers and their parents between 2010 and 2011 from secondary schools in Perth, Sydney and Hobart. The teenagers and their parents completed separate questionnaires every year from 2010 to 2016 including information about how teenagers accessed alcohol (from parents, other non-parental sources, or both), binge drinking levels, experience of alcohol-related harm, and alcohol abuse symptoms. In the final two years, teenagers were also asked about symptoms of alcohol dependence and alcohol use disorder that could predict alcohol misuse problems in the future.
At the start of the study, the average age of the teenagers was 12.9 years old and by the end of the study the average age was 17.8 years old. The proportion of teenagers who accessed alcohol from their parents increased as the teenagers aged, from 15% (291/1910) at the start of the study to 57% (916/1618) at the end of the study, while the proportion with no access to alcohol reduced from 81% (1556/1910) teenagers to 21% (341/1618).
At the end of the study, 81% (632/784) of teenagers who accessed alcohol through their parents and others reported binge drinking, compared with 62% (224/361) of those who accessed it via other people only, and 25% (33/132) of teens who were given alcohol by their parents only. Similar trends were seen for alcohol-related harm, and for symptoms of possible future alcohol abuse, dependence and alcohol use disorders.
Professor Richard Mattick, University of New South Wales, Australia said:
“Our study is the first to analyse parental supply of alcohol and its effects in detail in the long term, and finds that it is, in fact, associated with risks when compared to teenagers not given alcohol. This reinforces the fact that alcohol consumption leads to harm, no matter how it is supplied. We advise that parents should avoid supplying alcohol to their teenagers if they wish to reduce their risk of alcohol-related harms.”
The energy sector has been in a world of hurt for about three years running.
Crude-oil prices CLN7, -0.40% were north of $100 a barrel back in mid-2014, but have been cut in half to less than $50 a barrel currently. The pain is hardly new, as crude oil hasn't traded north of $60 a barrel since mid-2015. And things don't look to be getting better soon, as oil is trading within spitting distance of new 52-week lows.
With oil prices softening once more, shares of energy stocks are under serious pressure. Exxon Mobil Corp. XOM, -1.07% and Chevron Corp. CVX, -1.41% are both near 52-week lows after declining around 8% year-to-date compared with 8% gains for the S&P 500 index. Energy ETFs like the Energy Select Sector SPDR XLE, -1.81% and Vanguard Energy ETF VDE, -2.20% are down even more, logging declines of 12% and 14%, respectively, this year.
But as the old saying goes, buying when there is blood in the streets can often be a profitable strategy for aggressive investors.
So is energy still a sector to avoid like the plague … or are there big bargains to be had?
Here are a few arguments on either side of the trade:
7 reasons to buy energy stocks
Support levels are holding: While oil prices have indeed rolled back in the long term, the short-term charts are showing persistent support at current levels of around $45 for West Texas Intermediate crude. Dips in both May and June have retested those lows, but the $45 mark has held up nicely thus far.
Saudi output wanes: Saudi Arabia is the top oil exporter in the world, so recent news that it would cut back on output to Asia by 300,000 barrels per day — a deeper-than-expected rollback — as well as reductions in July exports to the U.S. by as much as 35% are encouraging. That is an important development in cutting down global supply levels and supporting prices.
U.S. inventories are tightening: While the Energy Information Administration reported a surprise increase in supplies two weeks ago, tighter inventories have been the trend. The weekly petroleum status report from the U.S. Energy Information Administration confirmed that, as stockpiles resumed their decline in the most recent report released Wednesday and have shrunk in nine out of the past 10 weeks.
Dollar softens: After a big run for the U.S. dollar after Election Day last year, the greenback has slowly been losing momentum since the start of this year. The U.S. Dollar Index DXY, +0.38% has slumped from a reading of about 103 after Christmas to just 97 despite all the talk of tighter monetary policy and better U.S. economic growth. A weak dollar helps boost commodity prices, and helps create a tailwind for crude oil and energy stocks.
Big dividends: For all the overtures of the Federal Reserve raising rates, a 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.81% still yields a meager 2.2% or so. That makes the nearly 7% yield of oil giant BP PLC BP., -1.04% BP, -1.83% quite compelling even if the stock has slightly underperformed in the past year based on share price alone.
Other entrenched Big Oil names paying juicy yields include Chevron at 4% and Occidental Petroleum Corp. OXY, -1.44% at 5%. If you can stomach the volatility in the short term, the long-term income potential is pretty appealing.
Default risks fade: While energy-sector default rates will remain elevated and the dollar amount of bad debt will increase in 2017 over 2016, fewer of those companies are defaulting, according to a recent Fitch analysis. Demand remains strong for the sector's debt, too, hinting that doomsday scenarios about widespread bankruptcies in the sector haven't happened and aren't likely to soon.
Risk premium potential: Tensions in the Middle East have flared up around Qatar's ties to funding terror, and any economic sanctions or geopolitical unrest in the region could have serious impact on oil in the future. As a result, it may be reasonable to start baking in a risk premium to oil, driving up crude prices absent of supply and demand factors right now.
7 reasons to sell energy stocks
Weak sentiment: Sure, there may be a floor under oil prices. But you'd have to be batty to confuse that with signs that crude will get back to $60 anytime soon, let alone $100 a barrel. Investors have been burned big time over the past few years, and will keep their fingers over the “sell” button thanks to chronically negative sentiment for the better part of three years.
Record U.S. production: In its latest monthly report, the Energy Information Administration said it expects 2018 crude oil output in the U.S. to average just more than 10 million barrels a day, hitting a new record and breaking a record set in 1970. That's not an encouraging sign, given that the past few years of soft oil prices should have sparked some kind of slowdown instead of a continued ramp in output.
Strong global production: Outside the U.S., we learned Tuesday that oil production from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries rose in May thanks to strong output in Libya, Nigeria and Iraq to offset pledges of cuts from other member nations. It does to show that whatever the talk of cutbacks, global oil production is still going strong.
Global supply glut: Regardless of U.S. inventory, the rest of the world is seeing increased stockpiles. Bernstein recently reported that developed nations saw 40 million more barrels of crude oil inventories across the first quarter, showing that the worldwide glut persists even if we have seen recent declines at home.
Read: Blame gasoline for oil's drop to the lowest level of the year
Rig count is up again: For all the talk of correcting supply and demand trends, rig counts remains elevated, and in fact, they hit a two-year high just a few weeks ago. Oil-services company Baker Hughes Inc. BHI, -1.68% last week reported a record 21 straight weeks of increases in rig counts, hinting that whatever the short-term dynamics in price may be, we are seeing plenty of new oilfields come online. That hints at sustained growth in future supplies as rigs begin pumping.
Expensive valuations: You would think all this underperformance would lead to bargains in energy. However, the latest FactSet Earnings Insight plots a forward P/E ratio of 26.2 for the energy sector — well above the 17.7 reading for the S&P 500 SPX, -0.10% at large. That's because the denominator in that equation is earnings, and energy stocks simply aren't making much in the way of profits. Naturally, prices have adjusted downward as a result, but forward earnings estimates show that perhaps prices need to drop even farther based on poor profit outlooks.
Read: This S&P 500 sector has actually gotten cheaper as the stock market trades near records
Risk-off risks: We've seen tech start to stumble, and if the markets continue their recent struggles, you can bet that investors will turn to defensive names to protect their money. That means trouble for growth names in tech as traders go “risk-off,” but it also spells trouble for energy stocks that are anything but stable in the short-term.
Contracts will result in more than a million smart meters being rolled out across Australia and New Zealand
The Clean Energy Finance Corp (CEFC) has pumped $35 million in debt funding into smart meter technology provider intelliHUB.
intelliHUB is a joint venture between Pacific Equity Partners and global smart meter company Landis+Gyr, which is acquiring Acumen, Origin Energy's $267 million smart meter business unit.
The CEFC investment is part of a debt finance package to support the Acumen acquisition and intelliHUB's growth plans. The CEFC is a Government-owned 'green bank' that was established to facilitate increased flows of finance into the clean energy sector.
Acumen has already installed 170,000 smart meters for Origin customers and this is expected to grow as ‘power of choice' reforms are rolled out. These reforms, introduced last December, require all new and replacement electricity meters to use smart technology to give consumers more control over their energy use.
The joint venture has long term contracts with Origin Energy and other retailers that it says will result in the rollout and management of more than a million smart meters across Australia and New Zealand.
This investment is the latest in the grid and storage technology space following equity investments in Greensync, Redback, Relectrify and Thinxtra. The CEFC has also provided finance to Lincoln Gap Wind farm in South Australia, DeGrussa Mine in WA and Kennedy Energy Park in QLD, which all have a battery storage component.
CEFC CEO Ian Learmonth said smart meters give energy consumers better control over their consumption, which is essential for lowering carbon emissions.
“They also give consumers the ability to better understand where and how they can benefit from behind-the-meter solar photovoltaic and energy storage solutions,” he said.
“Electricity is one of the largest sources of emissions for Australia. It's essential that we address this by acting right across the energy market. This includes investing in more renewable energy as well as implementing a range of proven measures to lower day-to-day energy consumption.”
CEFC grid solutions and storage lead, Simon Brooker added that there are around 9 million metering points in the national electricity market and by accelerating their conversion to smarter technologies, consumers will benefit from more meaningful information relating to their energy consumption.
“These customers will be better informed when considering investment in solar and storage solutions by matching system specifications to actual consumption patterns. Through improved data provision, electricity network operators will be able to harness greater insights to enable the smoother operation of the energy grid – facilitating improved integration of renewables and energy storage,” Learmouth said.
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter: @CIO_Australia, Facebook: CIO Australia, or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn: CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter: @ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
A mobile app for pancreatic cancer patients, a data exchange to help beat diabetes, an online health education platform and a secure messaging solution to communicate between aged care homes and GPs are among 15 projects being given early access to existing My Health Records in a government backed ‘test beds' program.
The projects are being run by universities, patient advocacy groups, health tech firms and hospitals between them sharing $8.5 million in funding.
As of last month 5.89 million Australians have registered for a My Health Record, as well as 12,763 healthcare organisations including general practices, hospitals, pharmacies and aged care services. More than 20 million prescription and dispense records have been uploaded. Only consenting My Health Record holders will participate in the trials.
The aim of the initiative is for proposed uses of the Health Records to be “rigorously reviewed and then scaled nationally”.
In one trial Eastern Health in Melbourne, Monash University, Pharmaceutical Society of Australia, Deakin University and the Pharmacy Guild of Australia will develop a program to increase the engagement between discharged patients and their community pharmacist and use My Health Record data to “help patients with their medicines in the transition from hospital to home”.
More than 290 community pharmacies and 5,000 patients will be involved.
“We know when patients leave hospital on new medications they can find it confusing knowing how much to take and when. Every year almost a quarter of a million Australians will be hospitalised from medication errors, which is more than the number hospitalised from car accidents,” a spokesperson for the Australian Digital Health Agency, the system operator of My Health Record, said.
“This program aims to reduce unplanned and early readmission to hospital due to medication errors while utilising evidence based research,” they added.
Avoiding medication errors and adverse reactions, is also a focus of the government backed Digital Health Cooperative Research Centre (CRC) which launched in April.
In another ‘test bed' trial, Darling Downs and West Moreton Primary Health Network is partnering with the University of Queensland and West Moreton Hospital and Health Service to use the My Health Record to develop a coordinated information transfer and patient journey for prisoners released from incarceration. The aim is to ensure former prisoners can maintain and continue their access to healthcare when back in the community.
44 actions by 2022
The government today released its National Digital Health Strategy and an accompanying implementation plan Framework for Action.
The framework outlines 44 activities prioritised for delivery by 2022, covering My Health Record, secure messaging of health information, improving the quality of health data, improving access to medicines information, enhancing models of care, educating healthcare providers on using digital health technologies and ‘driving innovation'.
The top priority for the Australian Digital Health Agency is to ensure the widespread adoption of My Health Record.
Australians will have three months from mid-July to opt out of having a My Health Record automatically created for them. After the opt-out deadline has passed the record cannot be deleted, only made “unavailable” to health providers and individuals, the Department of Health revealed last year.
The decision to shift to an opt-out model in order to boost uptake of the eHealth record followed trials in Queensland and New South Wales. Those trials were staged in the wake of a 2013 review of the system – originally named the Personally Controlled Electronic Health Record (PCEHR) – that concluded the system should shift to an opt-out approach.
The 2017-18 federal budget earmarked $374.2 million over two years for the expansion of the system as it moved away from opt-in.
“My Health Record will help save and protect lives, and it will offer increasing clinical utility in our health system in the future,” said Minister for Health Greg Hunt in a statement today.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
RAMALLAH: The Palestinian Authority decided to release five journalists on Monday after arresting them last week, their lawyer said, a day after political rivals Hamas released a PA-linked reporter.
The five, including from Hamas-linked media, had been arrested in the occupied West Bank on accusations of “leaking sensitive information to enemy groups.”
Three of the five were freed earlier Monday, with the others expected to be released later in the day, the lawyer said.
“The relevant courts decided to free five journalists and all journalists are supposed to be released,” Alaa Freijat, lawyer for the Palestinian Journalists Syndicate, told AFP.
They were held under the PA's new electronic crimes law, which has been criticized by rights groups who say it restricts criticism of officials on social and traditional media, with the potential for jail sentences. One of the journalists worked for the Hamas-affiliated Al-Aqsa TV.
The releases came a day after Hamas freed a journalist in the Gaza Strip from the PA-linked Palestine TV.
Fouad Jarada, 35, was arrested in June by Hamas authorities.
In 2016, Freedom House classified the media environment in the West Bank and Gaza as “not free,” ranking it below Iraq and Zimbabwe and level with Russia.
RAMALLAH: The Palestinian Authority decided to release five journalists on Monday after arresting them last week, their lawyer said, a day after political rivals Hamas released a PA-linked reporter.
The five, including from Hamas-linked media, had been arrested in the occupied West Bank on accusations of “leaking sensitive information to enemy groups.”
Three of the five were freed earlier Monday, with the others expected to be released later in the day, the lawyer said.
“The relevant courts decided to free five journalists and all journalists are supposed to be released,” Alaa Freijat, lawyer for the Palestinian Journalists Syndicate, told AFP.
They were held under the PA's new electronic crimes law, which has been criticized by rights groups who say it restricts criticism of officials on social and traditional media, with the potential for jail sentences. One of the journalists worked for the Hamas-affiliated Al-Aqsa TV.
The releases came a day after Hamas freed a journalist in the Gaza Strip from the PA-linked Palestine TV.
Fouad Jarada, 35, was arrested in June by Hamas authorities.
In 2016, Freedom House classified the media environment in the West Bank and Gaza as “not free,” ranking it below Iraq and Zimbabwe and level with Russia.
Southampton Sack Puel As The Search For New Management Gets Underway
Claude Puel was sacked as Southampton manager on Wednesday after just one season in charge, the English Premier Club announced. 55-year-old Puel, took Southampton to a respectable eighth-place finish in the table and to the League Cup final where they were defeated by Manchester United. “Southampton Football Club can today confirm that it has terminated…
The post Southampton Sack Puel As The Search For New Management Gets Underway appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A multi-million dollar expansion is now open and operating at the Oaks Retirement Village.
The retirement home has opened up a new addition, almost doubling in size from 61 suites to 112 suites.
General manager Andrew McClintock said they've added 25 memory care suites, which are designed for individuals who are living with and managing Alzheimer's disease and dementia.
“It's one of the first ones in the area,” said McClintock of the memory care suites.
The suites are a very unique opportunity for individuals who are perhaps not okay to be at home, and are struggling to stay at home by themselves or are requiring a lot of support from loved ones and families, but are not quite ready for long-term care, McClintock said.
“They are looking for something in the middle, where they want to be highly engaged and happy and enjoying the time that they've got.”
The program is designed around the residents and what their likes and dislikes are, McClintock said.
One of the biggest gaps in the health-care and retirement system is finding places for those who are living with and managing early-stage Alzheimer's disease and dementia. For a lot of families, it puts them in a tough spot in supporting their parents, while at the same time dealing with their own families and careers.
“What we provide is that safe alternative where we are not only providing them with a safe spot but providing them with engaging activities so that they're having fun and enjoying life,” McClintock said.
The memory care suites opened up March 1 and the other new suites opened up on January 1.
McClintock said the expansion led to the hiring of approximately 15 new employees, as there are now about 90 employees at Oaks Retirement Village.
Oaks Retirement Village is owned by local ownership, who McClintock said is very active and hands-on, and is now operated by Extendicare.
McClintock said anyone who wants to take a look at the new addition is welcome to give them a call at 519-627-9292.
After a California Supreme Court decision last month that could drastically affect the gig economy, San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera has issued subpoenas to Uber and Lyft.
Herrera wants to know whether the ride-sharing companies are classifying their drivers as employees or contractors, and is asking for documentation about driver pay, benefits and more. A key part of what he's seeking is “proof that any driver classified as an independent contractor meets all three criteria set by the California Supreme Court,” according to the subpoena issued Tuesday.
The state's high court in its ruling in April adopted the “ABC” standard: A worker can be considered an independent contractor only when a company can show the worker controls his or her work; that the worker's duties go beyond what the business normally does; and when the worker “is customarily engaged in an independently established trade, occupation, or business of the same nature as the work performed for the hiring entity.”
“We don't know whether these ride-hailing companies are breaking the law until they provide the information we seek in these subpoenas,” Herrera said in a statement Tuesday. “We are going to ensure that these companies comply with the Supreme Court's ruling and with San Francisco's laws.”
Get tech news in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the free Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter.
Herrera also issued a subpoena to Rasier, an Uber affiliate.
The San Francisco-based ride-hailing companies have long faced the employee-vs.-contractor question. The California Supreme Court's answer could upend the business models of their industry — the “gig economy” — which depends on low labor costs. Uber and Lyft, which make mobile apps that are used to hail rides, tout their drivers' flexibility to make their own schedules when they defend their classification of drivers as contractors.
Uber and Lyft have not yet returned requests for comment Wednesday.
U.S. equities fell on Wednesday as investors assessed the geopolitical landscape. The dollar hit a session low after President Donald Trump told the Wall Street Journal he thought the currency was "getting too strong."
As the safe-haven trade continued Wednesday, the 2-year yield fell to session lows around 1.22 percent, while the 10-year yield traded below the psychologically key 2.30 percent level.
"Nothing seems to be happening or not happening as fast as people would like it to happen," said Peter Coleman, head trader at Convergex.
Other traditional safe-haven assets rose, building on gains from Tuesday' session. Gold futures for June delivery rose $3.90 to settle at $1,275.50 per barrel, while the dollar hit its lowest level since November against the Japanese yen. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 15.6.
"There's a lot of uncertainty that's really hard to model. That's why you're seeing this give-and-take [in stocks] and the uptick in volatility," said Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist at CFRA Research.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson visited Moscow on Wednesday and received a barrage of criticism from several Russian officials.
Tillerson said in a news conference Wednesday that U.S.-Russia relations are at a "low point" and need to improve. "The world's two foremost nuclear powers cannot have this kind of relationship," Tillerson said.
All that said, stocks have held their ground this week. The three major indexes are just marginally lower for the week.
"We are concerned about Syria and Russia, ... but at the same time we have a very resilient market," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. "That could change if one of these geopolitical hotspots heats up, and there's no way to fully price that in."
Geopolitical tensions have been brewing ahead of a highly anticipated earnings seasons. Earnings are expected to have grown around 10 percent in the first quarter, according to Thomson Reuters. Sales, meanwhile, are expected to have grown the most since 2011.
JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and Citigroup are scheduled to report Thursday morning. Delta Air Lines, meanwhile, posted better-than-expected results, sending its stock higher in the premarket.
Investors were also trying to get a sense of the Trump administration's priorities. President Donald Trump said in an interview with Fox Business on Wednesday he wants to tackle health care reform before implementing new tax policy.
"I have to do healthcare first, I want to do it first to really do it right," Trump said.
Stocks rallied after Trump was elected in part because of the prospects of lower taxes, deregulation and fiscal policy.
"The market has known this for a while. He didn't say anything new," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group. "The question is how far along health care is, because depending on what they get done there, they'll know what kind of tax reform they can get."
Financials were among the worst decliners as U.S. Treasury yields fell. The SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF (KRE) was last trading about 1 percent lower.
The financials led the post-election market rally on promises of pro-growth policies but were trading lower for the year so far on Wednesday.
Boeing and Goldman Sachs had the greatest negative impact on the Dow, which fell more than 50 points below its 50-day moving average, a level it has not closed under since Nov. 7.
The S&P 500 also fell below its 50-day moving average with materials and industrials the worst performers. The index was also on track to close below its 50-day moving average for the first time since Nov. 8.
The Nasdaq composite dropped 0.4 percent.
Crude oil prices struggled for gains and last traded 0.41 percent lower near $53.20 a barrel after the U.S. Energy Information Administration reported a slightly larger-than-expected drawdown of 2.17 million barrels.
Investigators are trying to nail down whether anyone else was in the hotel suite reserved by the Las Vegas gunman during the time he was registered there, multiple senior law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation into the shooting told NBC News.
The investigators are puzzled by two discoveries: First, a charger was found that does not match any of the cell phones that belonged to Stephen Paddock, the man who killed himself inside the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino after sending a barrage of bullets down on a crowd of 22,000 people below.
And second, garage records show that during a period when Paddock's car left the hotel garage, one of his key cards was used to get into his room.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Las Vegas shooting: What drove Stephen Paddock to kill 59 people? 3:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
There are several possible explanations for these anomalies, the investigators say, but they want to get to the bottom of it.
They are also examining his finances. IRS records show that Paddock was a very successful gambler, earning at least $5 million in 2015. Some of that could be from his other investments, but most of it was from gambling, officials say.
Stephen Paddock U.S. Government / via NBC News
Paddock unleashed a barrage of bullets from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Sunday night, killing at least 59 people and injuring about 500 others who were attending a country music festival below.
Related: Vegas Shooter's Girlfriend Says He Would Lie in Bed Moaning, Screaming
It was the worst mass shooting in modern American history, and Assistant Clark County Sheriff Todd Fasulo told reporters Monday night that Stephen Craig Paddock was "solely responsible for this heinous act."
His motive for the attack is still not clear. Multiple senior law enforcement officials told NBC News Paddock, 64, had researched possible attack locations in Boston and Chicago, including the most recent Lollapalooza festival in Chicago, which was held Aug. 3 to Aug. 6 in Grant Park.
The pharmaceuticals weren't working. The 15-year-old boy was having several seizures per day, and his parents were concerned his life was in danger.
So Suzeanna and Matthew Brill, of Macon, Ga., decided in February to let their son try smoking marijuana — and his seizures stopped for 71 days, they say.
But Georgia is not among the states that have legalized medical marijuana, and the Brills' decision led to the boy, David, being taken away from his parents, who face possible fines and jail time after being charged with reckless conduct for giving him the drug.
David has now been in a group home for 30 days, and his seizures have returned. He is separated from the service dog that sniffed out his seizures, and he is able to communicate with his parents only during short visitations and phone calls.
Every day Evangelos and Edith Spanoudakis drag themselves out of bed at 11:30 p.m., drive from Long Island to Queens to pick up supplies and their food cart by 2 a.m., and then cram themselves inside their 3-by-5-foot metal box at 5 a.m. to start slinging bagels and coffee to hungry Midtown hardhats and office workers for the next six hours.
The real feat? After 25 years of doing this grueling daily routine elbow-to-elbow, they're still crazy about each other.
“One day I want to kill him, the next day he wants to kill me, but at the end of the day we always say, ‘I love you,' ” said Edith, 64. “That love is what keeps us from going mad.”
Throughout their days spent standing in the cramped cart at 48th Street and Broadway, both partners make a special effort to pepper each other with kind gestures.
From 4 a.m. to 5 a.m., Evangelos, 66, sets up the cart's morning display of five dozen pastries and brews two gallons of coffee while he lets his wife doze off in their van and read The Post.
“She sleeps less than me during the night, so she deserves it,” he said.
His wife, in return, spends time at the end of the day ordering and sorting pastries, coffee beans, cups and napkins for the following day.
The husband and wife married 41 years adjust their work habits to stay out of each other's way. Evangelos fixes the coffee, while Edith bags the morning pastries and doles out change.
Both love to chat with customers, many of whom are regulars. “They're like my therapists,” said one customer, who works across the street from the cart. “If I look troubled, she can tell and asks me what's wrong, while he cracks a joke and tries to cheer me up.”
‘Everything is fifty-fifty with us. There's no “me” or “he.” It's always “we.” '
Others love the Spanoudakis' sunny dispositions.
“I only buy coffee from them, no one else, because they're always smiling,” said Pilar Carrerra, 33, who works at Fossil at the corner of 48th Street. “They're my absolute favorite.”
Workers at the Morgan Stanley headquarters are their “bread and butter,” said Edith. The couple is so beloved by the bankers at the nearby Morgan Stanley headquarters that a group of them pitched in $3,000 to buy the vendors a trailer hitch to more easily maneuver their cart.
“They're like the parents of the block,” said Levi Gilbert, 50, a customer for 18 years. “They always watch out for us, so we watch out for them.”
Their love story began in an unlikely place: Brownsville, Texas. Edith, then 21, was living there, and Evangelos, then 23, was working as an engine technician aboard a container ship docked at the port there.
The young man from Piraeus, Greece, first saw the Mexican-American Southern belle outside a JCPenney store. A week later, the pair said a tearful goodbye as Evangelos returned to his ship. The pair exchanged dozens of letters over the next several months.
“That one's mine,” Evangelos declared to his Greek sailor buddies, pointing to the stunning brunette before asking her on a date.
They were married in May 1976 — after only three dates — and then moved to Astoria, Queens, in 1977. where Evangelos picked up a job at the Brooklyn Navy Yard and their only son, Dimitrios, was born in 1983.
By 1987, the Navy had decommissioned the yard and work had dwindled. Evangelos was ready for a new career.
“A Greek friend of mine said, ‘Why don't you try the food-cart business?' ” Evangelos said. “It was the best decision I ever made, especially because it meant I got to keep the business in the family.”
Evangelos' first restaurant on wheels was a summer pushcart he bought for $2,700 in 1987 that he parked at Fifth Avenue and 60th Street. Edith joined him in 1993.
But things inside the cart of love aren't always perfect. They sometimes bicker over little things, like how much butter to put on a roll (he says more, she says less) and how to arrange the pastries (she likes the same array every day, he likes to change it up).
“I'm a Scorpio and he's an Aquarius,” said Edith. “Even the stars say we're nothing alike.”
Patience and respect are what get them through the rocky patches.
“If you think you're right all the time, you're doing it wrong,” said Edith. “Everything is fifty-fifty with us. There's no ‘me' or ‘he.' It's always ‘we.' ”
By Fidelis Munyoro
A local textile firm, Qingshang Investments (Pvt) Ltd, misclassified imported goods in underhand dealings, prejudicing the tax collector of millions of dollars, the Zimbabwe Revenue Authority (zimra) has said.
Zimra is locked in a fierce legal battle with Qingshang Investments over non-payment of duty amounting to $2 million.
The case, which exposes massive corruption, spilled into the High Court early this month, with Qingshang Investments suing the tax collector for impounding its goods.
The matter has been set for hearing today at the High Court.
Zimra was sued after it seized Qingshang Investments goods worth $600 000 in November last year, demanding that the textile company meets its statutory obligations.
In its urgent application, Qingshang Investments is seeking an order compelling zimra to release the goods it seized, pending the determination of the case.
The firm claims that the goods on which zimra is demanding tax, had been in the country for more than two years, which rendered them not liable for seizure.
It also denies owing zimra the amount claimed or any amount.
But zimra, which is cited as respondent, in opposing the application, argues that the matter is not urgent.
“Respondent acted lawfully in seizing the goods in question for which incorrect custom duty had been paid,” said zimra acting Commissioner-General Mr Happias Kuzvinzwa in his papers filed in the High Court last week.
“It must be noted that applicant misclassified their goods contrary to the provisions of Section 174 (1) of Customs and Excise Act, which makes such misclassification a criminal offence.”
Zimra is also contesting the legal basis of Qingshang Investment driver Mr Davison Farao to represent the firm at the High Court.
Mr Farao, who deposed an affidavit, claimed to be the company's managing director.
Zimra argues in its papers that Mr Farao has no authority to represent the textile company in the case because there is no board resolution to that effect.
Qingshang, argues Mr Kuzvinzwa, is a juristic person in terms of the law and anyone who seeks to represent the company should be armed with a required board resolution.
Qingshang claims that it has been manufacturing blankets, duvets, batting, sheets and pillows since 2011, but it has since emerged that the company does not have a manufacturing plant.
Poly knitted fabric is currently imported in semi-processed form, hence it undergoes very limited local value addition before transformation into a blanket, which competes with locally manufactured ones. Investigations in the operation of the firm recently established that last week, Qingshang received a container, which was loaded with polyester fabric.
Zimra allegedly carried out a physical inspection and found that the quantity of the fabric was under declared and the price was understated, costing the revenue collector.
The container was seized by zimra.
It is also alleged that another container arrived on January 7 this year and up to date, the container is still held at Bak Port.
The container was found to have been loaded with blanket fabrics, as well as finished blankets, which were not declared. The Herald
NEWPORT–Ever since their move to the Capitol Division, the North Country girls basketball team has thrived, and last year even won their opening round playoff game to advance to the quarterfinals.
This year the team is searching for a little bit more, as they are hoping to make it to the semifinals and get a chance to compete in the final four at UVM's Patrick Gym.
For the full preview, see the Express on 12-12-17.
The Stars stood with the Golden Knights as they honored the victims of the Las Vegas shooting before their game on Friday night in Dallas.
Last Sunday, 58 people were killed and 489 were wounded in a mass shooting at a concert in Vegas. The announcer at American Airlines Center said:
“Tonight, Dallas stands with Vegas and those affected by the horrifying tragedy this past Sunday. Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of the victims of this terrible act. May they find strength and perseverance during this time of grieving.”
We are all with you, Vegas. Every step of the way. #VegasStrong pic.twitter.com/OVqFXpn7we — NHL (@NHL) October 7, 2017
Prior to honoring those affected by the shooting in Vegas, the Stars also took time to remember their graphic designer Promise Hamilton, who was killed by a drunk driver in a car crash this summer, and their play-by-play announcer Dave Strader, who died on Oct. 1 after battling cancer for more than a year.
Players from both teams wore “Vegas Strong” decals on their helmets.
This game was the Golden Knights' debut as the first-ever major pro sports franchise based in Vegas.
LEONARDTOWN, Md. (AP) — Authorities say a military helicopter has crashed in southern Maryland.
Maryland State Police spokesman Sgt. Davaughn Parker said a Black Hawk helicopter crashed in Leonardtown on Monday afternoon. He says state police have sent two medevac helicopters to the scene to assist.
Kevin Bowen, who works in the pro shop of the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown, says he saw the helicopter “flying kind of low” and then “saw it spinning” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another Facebook post or on Twitter for all the latest breaking news
DENVER–Moral victories are hard to come by in the world of sports, but as the Giants proved on their eight-game road trip, actual victories are even tougher to secure.
Yet on the final day of a long month that featured stops in six different road cities, the Giants will take a happy flight home after defeating the Rockies 7-4 and receiving positive updates regarding several key players .
Before taking down Colorado, manager Bruce Bochy announced the Giants will likely activate second baseman Joe Panik, closer Mark Melancon and left fielder Hunter Pence at the start of Friday's homestand. That was enough to put the skipper in a good mood, but a win lifted his spirits a little more.
“The ups and downs that we've had both on the injury side and even playing, we're still in the middle of this thing,” Bochy said. “That's what we hoped to do and we are going to get some guys back. That's going to be a shot in the arm.”
Get San Francisco Giants news in your inbox. Sign up now for the free Giants HQ newsletter.
Though the Giants limped through the month with an injury-riddled starting staff and a porous defense, they achieved an important feat with Wednesday's victory. By salvaging the final game of their three-city trip, the Giants finished five games under .500 for the month of May while actually narrowing their gap in the standings.
Despite ending April 5.5 games behind Arizona, a collapse by the D'Backs and a win in the series finale against Colorado leaves the Giants four games out in the National League West heading into June.
After blasting a pair of home runs in Tuesday's loss, third baseman Evan Longoria pushed the Giants ahead for good in the fifth with a go-ahead triple into the right center field alleyway. Longoria paced the club's offense in the series, tallying a pair of doubles on Monday and driving in six runs over a three-game set.
“That's a veteran for you,” Bochy said of Longoria, who struck out in four other at-bats Wednesday. “He's not letting previous at-bats bother him. Big day yesterday and I know he had the strikeouts tonight but we needed it and he came through.”
The hitter who paced the offense throughout the month was Brandon Crawford and he followed Longoria's triple with an RBI single to record his 42nd hit in May.
The fifth-inning rally rewarded starter Derek Holland, who suffered through a brutal first inning before rebounding with four innings of quality work that gave his club a chance to win.
“We don't have our full roster yet,” Holland said. “Wait for these guys to come back, there's no panic for us. I think everything is going to be fine. The main thing is, the guys that were here, we kept us close.”
Holland became the fourth straight Giants starter to allow multiple first-inning runs, as the left-hander surrendered a pair of singles to open the bottom of the first before serving up a 447-foot moonshot to Rockies third baseman Nolan Arenado.
It was Arenado's 22nd career home run in 91 games against the Giants, and further proof that no pitcher donning the orange and black has devised a repeatable plan for getting him out.
The Giants rallied for a pair of runs in the second as Brandon Crawford scored on a wild pitch and Mac Williamson raced home on a Pablo Sandoval single, but Colorado added to its lead with a run in the bottom of the frame.
While Holland battled early trouble, so did Rockies starter Jon Gray as erratic command proved to be the right-hander's downfall. With the bases loaded and one out in the fourth, Gray walked Gorkys Hernandez and Buster Posey back-to-back to even the score 4-4.
Holland allowed a combined three baserunners over his final two innings of work, but stranded a pair in the bottom of the fifth thanks to a tremendous sliding catch from Hernandez in center field.
“That's my job,” Hernandez said. “That's a part of the game. If I'm not doing anything at the plate, I try to help the team on defense. That's what I do there in center field and anytime I have the chance to grab the ball and make a good play, I'll do it.”
Though he logged just two quality starts in six May outings, Holland was the most consistent starter on a Giants staff that is eagerly awaiting Madison Bumgarner's scheduled return on Tuesday. Because the Giants placed Jeff Samardzija on the disabled list and temporarily moved Ty Blach to the bullpen Wednesday, Holland's spot in the rotation is as solid as any member of the Giants staff.
“The guys that came in, they did what they were supposed to do and they kept us in this race,” Holland said. “With that being said, getting these guys back, it's going to be outstanding.”
It's Monday, which means it's time for coffee! Especially after the weekend U.S. Eventing had. Eight horse trials across the country with national divisions through Advanced as well as FEI and long format competitions. We hope you had a fun weekend with your horses, EN!
#WylieWatch: Track Leslie Wylie in the Mongol Derby!
National Holiday: National V-J Day
U.S. Weekend Action:
GMHA Festival of Eventing CIC & H.T. [Website] [Ride Times] [Live Scores]
Fair Hill H.T. [Website] [Entry Status] [Live Scores]
WindRidge Farm Summer H.T. [Website] [Entry Status] [Live Scores]
Otter Creek Summer H.T. [Website] [Entry Status] [Live Scores]
The Summer Event at Woodside H.T. [Website] [Entry Status/Ride Times/Live Scores]
Area VII Young Rider Benefit H.T. [Entry Status/Ride Times/Live Scores]
Stanton Farms H.T. [Website] [Entry Status] [Ride Times] [Live Scores]
Colorado Horse Park 3DE & H.T. [Website] [Entry Status] [Ride Times] [Live Scores]
Monday News & Notes:
Jonty and Art will miss next weekend's European Eventing Championships. After successfully crowdfunding Art's purchase price of £500,000, Horse Sport Ireland announced that they would not be competing because fundraising interrupted their preparation. [Jonty Evans to Miss European Championships with His Crowed-Funded Eventing Star]
Two horses, three eyes. Anna Pierce is gearing up for AEC where she will compete two horses: Riverking, and her one-eyed wonder, Obiejohn. She says “Jax” is like any other horse, and she often forgets he only has one eye. [Road to AEC: Who Needs 20/20 Vision?]
Did you know being a brand ambassador may compromise your amateur status? GR1306, aka the “amateur rule,” can already be a bit confusing, but add social media in the mix and the waters muddy even more. The Chronicle of the Horse breaks down a few common examples. [From The Magazine: Is My Instagram Feed Compromising My Amateur Status?]
Monday Video: We are so close to the USEA American Eventing Championships. Entries close tomorrow, so if your on the fence time is running out! Get excited:
It's Valentines Day and you would think that means a time for love, right? Well, for some yes and some no.
Some people are just getting over break-ups or just got dumped for Valentine's Day. I know we all have our favorite break-up song that we like to compare to our relationships, so I listed ten below that you may want to throw into your playlist today.
Beyonce- “Irreplaceable”
Beyonce- Lost Your Mind
Mary J. Blige- Not Gone Cry
Jay-Z- Song Cry
Mya- Case Of The Ex
Changing Faces- G.H.E.T.T.O.U.T.
Rihanna- Take A Bow
Keyshia Cole- I should've Cheated
Ashanti Foolish
Method Man & D'Angelo- Break Up To Make Ups
Toni Braxton- Just Be A Man About It
Like Power 107.5 on Facebook to stay updated with the latest breaking, entertainment news and original interviews!
RECENT UPDATES-
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
A Bay Area bakery called Gala Bakery sent the Warriors an amazing cake to congratulate them on their championship. The team shared photos on Wednesday.
This cake is very impressive. It has a bunch of differently designed cakes stacked on top of each other, including Oracle Arena, the trophy, a cake with the player and coach's faces on it, their Strength in Numbers mantra and the official NBA championship hat on the top.
Now I'm wondering if the Bay Area simply has lots of talented bakers or if other teams get these sorts of cakes too and just aren't as good at sharing photos because Steph Curry always gets awesome birthday cakes too.
The Warriors championship parade is on Thursday.
In short: Not fully, but yeah, kinda.
In long: This author believes, quite firmly, that 12 baseball games in a 162-game season represent far too small a sample upon which to draw definitive conclusions. I picked the Blue Jays to win an AL Wild Card before the season, and I myself voiced the Small Sample Size song. If the Blue Jays looked like a good team two weeks ago, 12 games' worth of evidence should not be enough to convince anyone they're a bad team instead.
A slew of Blue Jays have to date far underperformed career norms, and if healthy, guys like Jose Bautista, Russell Martin, Devon Travis, and Steve Pearce should be significantly better moving forward than they have been to date. The club currently ranks dead last in the Majors with a putrid .592 OPS, and even with perennial MVP candidate Josh Donaldson on the shelf due to calf issues, the Blue Jays' offense is better than this.
Season-opening slumps like this one get magnified because they represent the entirety of the Blue Jays' outcomes to date, whereas if the Blue Jays started out well but endured a 2-10 stretch in June, July, or August, we might barely take notice. Last year's San Francisco Giants reached the postseason despite starting the second half 2-11.
Still, these first 12 games of the season most definitely count, and the Blue Jays face an uphill battle over the remaining 150 contests: If we believe their true talent level suggests they're the 87- or 88-win team they appeared to be before the season starts, it'd be silly to pencil them into the postseason at this point. Since those 10 losses are completed and sealed, we have to adjust the expectation: An 88-win team means a winning percentage of .543, and a .543 team would win about 81 games over the remaining 150. That'd leave the Blue Jays at 83-79 for the season and likely short of the wild card.
On top of that, the injury to Donaldson should significantly impact any attempts to project the Blue Jays moving forward. Budding ace Aaron Sanchez also hit the disabled list this weekend, and starter J.A. Happ left Sunday's game with elbow soreness. It's unclear how long any of them will miss — Sanchez, especially, seems like he should return soon — but the trio represented Toronto's WAR leaders in 2016, and any pretty good roster looks quite a bit bleaker without it's three best players.
Though, again, it's still very early, Baseball Prospectus‘ playoff odds report currently gives the Blue Jays only a 10.4% chance of seeing the posteason. They're the longest shot in their division now, and per that site, now look less likely to see October baseball than clubs like the White Sox, Braves and Reds. It's not good.
The Trump administration on Friday slapped tough new economic sanctions on Venezuela aimed at slowing the South American dictatorship's steady slide into totalitarianism.
President Trump signed an executive order that bans US companies and individuals from dealing in new debt and equity issued by the government of Venezuela and its state oil company.
It also prohibits dealings in some existing bonds owned by the Venezuelan public sector, as well as dividend payments to the government of Venezuela, headed by President Nicholas Maduro.
“The Maduro dictatorship continues to deprive the Venezuelan people of food and medicine, imprison the democratically elected opposition, and violently suppress freedom of speech,” spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in a statement.
“The regime's decision to create an illegitimate Constituent Assembly — and most recently to have that body usurp the powers of the democratically elected National Assembly — represents a fundamental break in Venezuela's legitimate constitutional order.”
see also White House slaps Venezuelan president with sanctions WASHINGTON — The Trump administration slapped financial sanctions on Venezuelan...
In a transparent attempt at self-preservation, the Maduro dictatorship rewards and enriches corrupt officials in the government's security apparatus by burdening future generations of Venezuelans with massively expensive debts, the White House said.
“We're seeing the tragedy of tyranny play out before our eyes,” Vice President Mike Pence said after touring South America.
The Treasury Department will still issue general licenses that allow for transactions that would otherwise be prohibited by the executive order. These include provisions allowing for a 30-day wind-down period; financing for most commercial trade, including the export and import of petroleum; transactions only involving Citgo; dealings in select existing Venezuelan debts; and the financing for humanitarian goods to Venezuela, the statement said.
The moves are an effort to deprive Maduro and his cronies the sources of financing that help prop up the authoritarian government.
The administration also called on his government to restore representative democracy, free political prisoners and end repression.
“We continue to stand with the people of Venezuela during these trying times,” Sanders said.
The Atlanta Hawks upset the Spurs on Sunday in a thrilling 114-112 overtime game. The Spurs came within inches of winning in regulation … twice.
With the score tied, San Antonio had the ball with 3.3 seconds remaining in the game. Kawhi Leonard generated enough space to get off a clean fadeaway jumper over Thabo Sefolosha. The shot didn't fall, but it really doesn't get any closer than this:
This shot went in twice before it fell out pic.twitter.com/NEHNpWXN5C — Zach Harper (@talkhoops) January 2, 2017
Leonard's shot went in and out twice before hanging on the rim for what seemed like a full second before it fell off. Imagine the tension in the arena for that moment — it seemed ridiculous.
To make it even more painful for San Antonio, the Spurs ended up losing. They were that close.
NORTH HAVERHILL, N.H. — A 19-year-old New Hampshire man accused of causing or aiding in his roommate's suicide brought a gun, notebook and pen to the scene of his death and instructed his friend on holding the gun at the correct angle to his head, police said in court documents.
Police said Michael Buskey, 19, was found dead of a gunshot wound in the woods near his Plymouth apartment May 8. His death was determined to be a suicide.
Parker Hogan was arraigned Tuesday, WMUR-TV reported . His lawyer entered not guilty pleas on the charge and on charges of falsifying physical evidence.
Police said that Hogan told them Buskey had a court date and didn't want to go to jail. He told them he helped plan Buskey's suicide. They say the two went into the woods near the apartment, where they practiced ways for Buskey to shoot himself.
Hogan left the woods, waited until he heard a gunshot and returned to make sure Buskey was dead, officials said. He removed a phone from Buskey's pocket that had been playing a song on repeat. He brought back the gun and a note Buskey had written to family members. He called police and Buskey's father the next morning.
Police said Hogan posted bail. He's scheduled to appear in court in July.
——
Information from: WMUR-TV, http://wmur.com
Production on Love and Hip-Hop: Atlanta was shut down for a bit on Wednesday after a scary hit-and-run injured a security guard.
The show was set to film in a shopping mall, and the guard was holding a parking spot empty. A customer got angry at that and hit the gas, injuring the guard's leg.
The driver went into a golf store briefly before fleeing. Cops have surveillance footage but haven't made an arrest. (TMZ)
Fasho Thoughts:
Sounds like the guard didn't suffer any debilitating injuries.
This guy must have been really anxious to try out some new pitching wedges or something.
Production crews can act like they own public areas. It's pretty easy to get angry at them.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — If you're planning to take part in a viewing of the solar eclipse next week, you want to make sure you're doing it safely.
Local optometrists said you don't want to take the risk of damaging your eyes.
People in central Indiana will only get to see a partial eclipse, but even that can be dangerous if you don't have the necessary protection.
“Don't think you can get away with it because it can happen to you,” said Dr. Penn Moody, who runs Moody Eyes.
The anticipation is building for people who have been waiting to see the total solar eclipse or partial eclipse in central Indiana. But doctors said you want to do so with caution.
“You want to make sure you get glasses that are designed for this and there are two criteria that NASA came up with one is the code that's on it and two it has to have the address of the manufacturer,” Moody said.
Moody is an optometrist with more than 40 years of experience. He runs a practice on Southpoint Drive in Greenwood.
“I've had a few patients over the years who had eclipse burns on their retina and they don't go away,” he said.
Moody warns the damage can be very serious if you look at the eclipse without protection or wearing the wrong glasses.
“One is the irritation of the cornea or keratosis which is less severe and usually is transient and the other is retinal damage which can be permanent and cause permanent damage and loss of vision,” he explained.
He said don't think you can get away with wearing your everyday sunglasses either.
“One of the things that some people misunderstand is that sunglasses including ultraviolet sunglasses do not work,” he said. “They're not adequate so it has to be a special lens or special protection for that.”
Moody said there's another thing you want to keep in mind when it comes to taking pictures with your cellphone.
The doctor hopes people know “you can't look through a camera taking picture of it.”
He is concerned people using their cellphones to take pictures of the eclipse will think they are protected — and they are not. “One of the issues to me (is that ) people will think, well, if I look through the cellphone, then I'm OK — and you're not because the cellphone will actually focus on it and your retina can cause as even much or more damage.”
For parents who are planning to watch the eclipse with their young children, Moody said you want to pay extra attention to them.
“One of the biggest things for kids you know they don't pay attention all the time,” he said. “You know the parent could be looking and the kids glasses could fall off or something.”
If possible, the doctor recommends doing a practice run with your kids before the big event or let them watch the eclipse first.
“I would suggest if you're going to have children look at it that you don't pay attention to the eclipse and pay attention to the children and then let them go back inside and then you look so you really protect yourself and them,” he said.
Moody Eyes is also offering free glasses for the eclipse next Monday morning at three of its locations: 8936 Southpointe Drive, Greenwood, and two Indianapolis locations at 50 S. Meridian St., Suite 103, and 3909 E. 82nd St.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
When we first covered the Do Not Disturb While Driving feature in iOS 11 (see “iOS 11 to Bring Do Not Disturb While Driving,” 21 August 2017), we said: “We're looking forward to seeing if those horrible distracted driving statistics drop once iOS 11 becomes widespread.” Good news: it looks like they will!
According to a study by EverQuote, makers of the EverDrive safe driving app, 70 percent of EverDrive users kept the Do Not Disturb While Driving feature on, and of those who kept it enabled, phone use while driving dropped by 8 percent.
While that's not a mind-blowing figure, any decrease is notable when you consider that an estimated 92 percent of drivers in the United States use their phones while driving. According to the United States Department of Transportation, distracted driving killed 3450 people in 2016; we're still waiting for the 2017 figures that will show if Do Not Disturb While Driving has reduced accidents.
Read original article
Video
A mother with incurable breast cancer has written a poetry book about her journey with the illness.
Rebekah Simpson, from Whitley Bay in North Tyneside, has secondary breast cancer.
She has written poems to help her deal with the illness and to inspire others.
Her book, Ode to a Titty, is raising funds for local cancer charities.
A man who saw red when a fines enforcement officer turned up at his home has been jailed after a court heard how he attacked him while wielding a pick axe handle.
Martin Pritchard, from Wrexham, admitted assault and possessing the wooden handle as a weapon and received a five-month prison sentence.
Judge Rhys Rowlands, who had been urged at Mold Crown Court to pass a suspended prison sentence, told him it would be “clearly wrong” not to send him straight to prison.
The victim, the judge said, was an individual carrying out his public duty in trying to enforce a court order, but he was attacked by Pritchard using a weapon.
Pritchard, of Ffordd Maelor, Rhosnesni, admitted assaulting Josef Minoli when he showed up at his home to collect outstanding fines, said barrister Karl Sholz, prosecuting.
He was not present initially but was contacted by phone at 12.20pm on April 20.
Pritchard, 35, was shouting and swearing and told the officer to get out of his house or he would do his van over and burn it out.
The victim requested police attendance as Pritchard arrived and continued to be verbally abusive.
He was holding the wooden handle of the pick axe in both hands and shouting at Mr Minoli.
Pritchard pushed the officer to try to remove him from the doorway before using the handle to hit him to his torso.
Mr Minoli fell to the floor and Pritchard raised the handle above his head as if he was going to strike the officer over the head.
But Mr Minoli, still on the phone to the police and fearing for his safety, jumped to his feet to get out of the way. Pritchard left the scene before the police arrived.
The victim had been wearing body armour but feared he could have been seriously hurt.
Interviewed, Pritchard said he was working when he received a call from his stepson saying there was a man at the door demanding money.
He had acted to protect his stepson, who had clearly been visibly upset by the presence of the enforcement officer.
Barrister Maria Massellis, defending, said Pritchard knew immediate custody was justified but added he could be punished in the community. He had lost his temper than his stepson was alone at the property when the officer called.
Pritchard, she said, was a carer for his mother who was ill, was the main breadwinner and had significant family responsibilities.
Judge Rowlands said Pritchard had been fined last year for a public order offence but it had not been paid. The court had to take enforcement action and an officer was sent to his home.
When Pritchard was contacted he was abusive and threatening and warned that if the officer did not leave then he would burn his van.
Pritchard arrived with a second man, shouted at him to leave, went to his vehicle and got a pick axe handle or something similar.
“You hit him to the left side of the body and then to the right,” the judge said.
He raised it a third time, there was a struggle and the second man who was not before the court joined in, jumping on the victim from behind.
Pritchard, in a remarkably arrogant way, started a countdown.
“When you got to zero goodness knows what would have happened to the debt collector,” the judge said.
Judge Rowlands said the victim had to take two days off work.
Sadly it was not out of character for Pritchard who had been before the court on a number of occasions.
The judge said he took into account the fine having been paid later the same day, that the defendant's mother was unwell and that Pritchard helped look after her and her partner's children.
Judge Rowlands said: “I am urged to draw back from an immediate custodial sentence but this was an assault on the victim with a weapon who was carrying out a pubic duty at the time.
“It would be wrong for this court to do anything other than send you to prison today.”
EAST PALO ALTO — When it opened last April, Rich May Field became the city's first all-weather soccer rugby park in the city, named after an East Palo Alto police officer killed in the line of duty 12 years ago.
And, though corporate sponsors and individual donors have contributed $1.6 million for the field, the Rich May Foundation says it needs another $500,000 to $700,000 to keep the park open and complete the project. So, it's reaching out to the community to fill the gap.​
Currently, about 16 teams use the field, with new features added along the way. In February, about 50-foot high field lights were installed, allowing players to use the park an additional two to three hours in the evening.
The field and restrooms are fully operational, but to stay open past June, the city is requiring the foundation to pay for a traffic study, create a driveway and turnaround area in the parking lot, install gates, and add landscaping and other features to reduce glare from the field lights. A memorial garden with a patio built from roughly 250 donor bricks is also planned.
“We are reaching out to ask you to help us, again, in finishing this completely public-funded, noble project — a fitting memorial for a police officer who committed his life to community service and was passionate about helping kids,” reads a foundation statement dated April 20. People interested in donating can do so by visiting www.richmayfoundation.org and clicking on the yellow Donate button.
Tami McMillan, Rich May's sister, said her brother would be proud of the field at 1455 Bay Road, located on St. Francis of Assisi Church property. The church is leasing the land, once used by clubs who used for years as a practice field when it was just a dirt lot. Those same clubs now have a place to host home games, giving the players a sense of pride, McMillan said.
“These youth programs that were playing on this dirt lot with weeds are still playing and now they're playing on a professional field,” she said. “One of the things Rich always did was he had Police Explorers riding with him. He always worked with kids. … After he was killed, the number of East Palo Alto families that came forward to us and said Officer May helped me do this or that, or helped keep my kids out of jail, was truly overwhelming. It's overwhelming knowing that he continues to help the youth in East Palo Alto.”
Soccer teams using the field include Eastside Prep, Phoenix Academy, East Palo Alto Aspire, Elite Athletics and EPA United. Two rugby clubs also use the field: Razorbacks and Razorhawks. Frank Merrill, May's stepfather, said roughly 1,000 youths are using the field on a regular basis. Additional sports groups wishing to rent the field, can fill out a request form at www.richmaymemorialfield.com.
The idea for the sports field came soon after May was shot to death while responding to a call near the intersection of University and Cooley avenues on Jan. 7, 2006.
Larry Goode, a St. Francis of Assisi pastor who performed last rites on May at the scene of his death, thought the patch of dirt next to the church parking lot could be used for kids' activities as a way to honor May. Goode, who was frustrated over multiple shootings of parishioners that occurred around the same time as May's death, wanted to help create a safe space for youths.
May's killer Alberto Alvarez received the death penalty in 2010. During his trial the defense blamed the killing and Alvarez's prior criminal history on a lack of activities, including sports, when he was growing up.
“The defense came up with this incredible amount of crap,” said Merrill, who is the foundation's president and Razorbacks advisor. “I felt like I can't do a lot about certain things, but I can do something about the lack of athletic opportunities.”
One popular strategy for investors with cash destined for stocks is to employ dollar-cost averaging, or dividing their cash into segments and converting each into stocks according to a predetermined schedule.
Both logic and simulations indicate that investors are more likely to increase their wealth with investing all at once than with dollar-cost averaging. Moreover, risk reduction cannot be a rational reason for the persistence of this strategy.
Why, then, do investors engage in dollar-cost averaging? Framing, loss-aversion, pride, and regret — all cognitive and emotional factors —- are central to this.
Consider an investor with $2,000 in cash he has chosen to invest in stocks because stocks are likely to yield higher long-term wealth than cash, even though they can also inflict losses. Loss-aversion might deter our investor from buying stocks altogether if his aversion to potential short-term losses inflicted by stocks during the coming day or week exceeds his desire for high expected long-term gains.
Dollar-cost averaging overcomes loss-aversion in a frame that highlights gains and obscures losses.
Our investor divides his $2,000 cash into two segments of $1,000 each, investing one segment in shares of a stock today and committing to invest the second segment in shares of that stock on a specific day next month. He buys 20 shares today at $50 per share. Imagine that the price of shares declined subsequently to $12.50 and he buys 80 shares next month.
Framed the rational way, as in standard finance, our investor started with $2,000 in cash and now, a month later, owns 100 shares worth $12.50 each for a total of $1,250, implying a $750 loss. Framed the normal way, as proponents of dollar-cost averaging do, our investor bought 100 shares at an average cost of $20 per share, while the average price per share on the two dates, $50 and $12.50, was $31.25, implying an $11.25 per-share gain. Indeed, framed the normal way, our investor sees gains in all circumstances except when stock prices never change.
Normal investors anticipate the emotional benefits of pride and emotional costs of regret when they make choices, knowing that the emotional costs of regret at losses exceed the emotional benefits of pride at gains of equal dollar amounts. Those with $500,000 in cash, for example, might be inclined to keep it rather than buy stocks and suffer the emotional costs of regret that accompanies losses relative to the $500,000 cash reference point, if stock prices plunge soon after. Those with $500,000 in stocks might be equally inclined to keep them rather than sell for cash and suffer the emotional costs of regret that accompanies opportunity losses relative to the $500,000 stock reference point, if stock prices zoom soon after.
Investors mitigate their anticipated emotional costs of regret when they convert only one part of their cash into shares of stock today. This way they can console themselves if share prices plunge during the coming month and even enjoy the emotional benefits of pride by the thought that they can now buy shares at lower prices with the other parts of their cash.
Similarly, investors mitigate their anticipated emotional costs of regret when they convert only one part their stocks into cash today. This way they can console themselves if share prices zoom during the coming month and even enjoy the emotional benefits of pride by the thought that they can now sell the remaining shares at higher prices.
Risk reduction is regularly offered as a rationale for dollar-cost averaging, but this rationale cannot hold for two reasons. First, suppose that a 60-year old uses this strategy to convert a $500,000 cash inheritance into stocks during the following five years. At 65, all that money is in stocks. If he couldn't bear the risk of stocks at 60, it is unlikely that he can bear it at 65.
Second, a prominent feature of dollar-cost averaging is that it is recommended with equal force to investors with cash who consider converting it into stocks and investors with stocks who consider converting them into cash. Suppose that a 60-year old received a $500,000 inheritance in stocks. He reduces his risk most by selling all his stocks for cash immediately. He bears greater risk during a five-year period in which he sells stocks gradually.
Converting cash into stocks or stocks into cash gradually is useful for normal investors who are otherwise frozen into the current position by anticipated regret. Advice to convert cash into stocks or stock into cash all at once is like advice to jump into a pool. Some investors freeze rather than jump. Advising such investors to wade into the pool gradually is better than watching them stand frozen at the edge of the pool.
Meir Statman, the Glenn Klimek Professor of Finance at Santa Clara University, is the author of “Finance for Normal People: How Investors and Markets Behave” (Oxford University Press), from which this article is adapted.
$462 Payment For Fighter Jets: House of Reps Mulls Buhari's Impeachment – Nigeria Today
$462 Payment For Fighter Jets: House of Reps Mulls Buhari's Impeachment
Nigeria Today
President Muhammadu Buhari's decision to buy $462 million worth of fighter jets for the military without recourse to the National Assembly has been deemed an “impeachable offence” by the House of Representatives. The House members were left infuriated …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The dollar's climb to a three-month high on the back of advancing Treasury yields is failing to shake some strategists' conviction that the U.S. currency is bound to head lower.
While the Bloomberg Dollar Index has gained about 2 percent in the past week, Nomura Holdings Inc. expects the upswing to be short-lived, according to a note from strategist Bilal Hafeez.
The main reason is that the bank sees rising commodity prices as the trigger for higher U.S. yields, driven primarily by trade tensions and geopolitical worries, rather than global demand. He also points to weakness in risk-sensitive U.S. markets such as equities and credit at the same time the dollar has been strengthening.
“The dollar is rallying in a negative environment,” according to Hafeez. Although this could continue for weeks, “it doesn't suggest a turn in the medium-term dollar downtrend.”
Nomura recommends selling the dollar against the yen to hold onto a core short position.
The Bloomberg dollar index has pared its 2018 loss to about 1.5 percent, following a decline of around 8.5 percent in 2017. It slipped 0.1 percent Tuesday even as the U.S. 10-year yield briefly exceeded 3 percent for the first time since 2014. The euro and pound were among the currencies gaining, while the yen led declines.
Scotiabank strategists Shaun Osborne and Eric Theoret also remain downbeat on the U.S. currency.
“Despite the USD's rebound in the past few days, we remain bearish on the broader outlook for the currency,” they said in a note Tuesday. While they recognize some risk for the bearish view because of a buildup in short bets against the greenback, dollar gains “should remain relatively limited in scale and duration.”
Curious just how far your dollar goes in San Jose? We've rounded up the latest rental listings via rental site Zumper to get a sense of what to expect when it comes to hunting down a place in San Jose if you're on a budget of $2,300 per month. (Note: prices and availability are subject to change.)\
335 Bonita Ave., San Jose (Photos courtesy of Zumper)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
14 Bonita Ave.
Listed at $2,300 per month, this 625-square-foot one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment is located at 335 Bonita Ave., downtown San Jose
The building offers outdoor space and assigned parking. The unit has air conditioning and central heating, carpeted floors, wooden cabinetry, stainless steel appliances and in-unit laundry. Pets are not allowed.
Walk Score indicates that this location is car-dependent, is fairly bikeable and offers many nearby public transportation options.
See the complete listing here.
14 Castlecrest Drive , San Jose (Photos courtesy of Zumper)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
14 Castlecrest Drive
Next, there's this one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment located at 14 Castlecrest Drive. It's listed for $2,250 per month.
The unit has carpeting, generous closet space, new countertops, a dishwasher, in-unit laundry and a patio. Garage parking and storage space is available in the building. Pets are not allowed.
Walk Score indicates that the surrounding area is very walkable, is relatively bikeable and offers many nearby public transportation options.
See the complete listing here.
5723 Via Monte Drive , San Jose (Photos courtesy of Zumper)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
5723 Via Monte Drive
Bill and Gayle Cook, the co-founders of medical-device maker Cook Group, passed ownership of the company to their son, Carl, to avoid estate taxes before Bill Cook's death in 2011,...
The Boys In Blue had their work cut out for them this week! Check out the latest edition of the Wellesley Police Blotter here. Listen live 5:40 on Fridays
Follow Gregg Daniels, Fast Freddy, & Amanda Giles on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Call us in studio anytime to share your story 617-931-1234, or email Gregg at gdaniels@mix1041.com. Listen to us weekday afternoons from 2pm-7pm on Mix 104.1 and on the Radio.com app.
Project info
The merged photos discover myself in a series of self-portraits witch captures the surreal poetry of reality. That is why the beings which I represent here seem to float in an atmosphere of fantasy and strangeness. These portraits show me as in a dream and wave together notions of female identity and evidence of everyday live. So – while working - I tried to follow personal paths, as well as wanderings and dreams and I need to feel what I photograph.
I shooted the portraits with the self-timer of my camera and then I merged it with other images. With this technique, I could control the process of creating the new single frame. I am always interested in creativity and pushing my artwork further.
Dear Amy: My boyfriend and I have been on/off for the last five years.
During the time we were apart, he had another girlfriend. I didn't know about her. He and I maintained a “friends with benefits” relationship during our breaks.
After I became pregnant with his child, I found out that they were very serious. I learned that she was pregnant, too. Our sons were born nine days apart.
They are no longer together, and he and I are trying to work things out, but I can't seem to let their relationship go.
I know that Facebook isn't “life,” but it bothers me that their entire relationship was broadcast on FB, but he won't even acknowledge us as being in a relationship.
He has never posted a picture of us or of our son.
He says he's ashamed of himself (not of me), but I can't help but feel like he's not being truthful. I think he's ashamed of me.
He tells me all the time: “You're not her,” which makes me feel like he wishes he wasn't with me. He says I'm being insecure, and that he's never going to care about Facebook.
I just don't get why he could care about his Facebook status when he was with her, but not with me?
Am I being stupid?
— Worried
Dear Worried: When you ask me if you're being “stupid,” you run the risk of supplying me with a descriptor I'd rather not apply to a woman with a young child. However, this whole situation is unfortunate — because Rome is burning and you're worried about your Facebook status.
I do agree that this status is a sign of where your guy's priorities are, and while I'm not inclined to side with him, I do appreciate his embarrassment over fathering two babies (days apart) with two different women. Yes, he should feel embarrassed. He deceived both women (I imagine), and now his ability to be a good parent to both of his sons is compromised because one baby's mother is insecure and threatened by the other. This impedes his ability to be present in his sons' lives.
Your guy is not in charge of Facebook. You should post whatever photos you want the world to see. When people start to realize that your partner has two sons the same age with different women, he (and you) will face some questions.
Please understand that parenthood will not magically change your guy's character. You should get all of your legal, custodial and financial ducks in a row regarding the child, encourage this man to be a good father to both of his children, but understand that he may not intend to lead a monogamous life.
Dear Amy: My “adult” 23-year-old son is home for the holidays.
He leads a more liberal lifestyle than my husband and me, and suffice it to say not only do our politics not match up, but neither do our hygiene practices.
To be blunt, his BO is killing us! I didn't raise him this way and I absolutely can't stand it.
I just can't embrace not showering daily and not using a daily dose of antiperspirant.
How do you address an awkward and difficult topic with a person who is also awkward and difficult?
— Mother of the Smelly Kid
Dear Mother: I assume you have heard the term “adulting.” This is a recently minted verb to describe the process that people in their 20s are now undertaking to finally exit their lengthy childhoods. Adulting refers to assuming some life skills, such as doing dishes, paying bills, and — yes, cleaning oneself.
I'm assuming that you did teach your son these skills, but your fear of mentioning this now indicates that you are actually afraid to relate to him both as a parent and as a fellow adult.
(This doesn't have anything to do with your politics — or his — by the way.)
Tell your son, “We love having you home. But you've got to wash yourself — and your clothes — while you're here. Let me show you how to use the washer, and let's put in a load.”
Dear Readers: My own life is probably a lot like yours. I've experienced poverty, prosperity, marriage, divorce, remarriage, step-parenting, caretaking, loss and grief. If you've ever been curious about the life behind the advice column, I hope you'll consider picking up my memoir, “Strangers Tend to Tell Me Things: A Memoir of Love, Loss, and Coming Home.” (2017, Hachette).
NEWS: Experts from more than 30 EHF member federations gather in Vienna at the beginning of next week to discuss strategies and ideas to further develop women's handball
Workshop to strengthen women's handball network
A first-of-its-kind women's handball workshop will take place in Vienna on 9/10 October.
The EHF's Women's Handball Board has brought together experts from more than 30 member federations with the aim of exchanging ideas, inputs and strategies to further develop women's handball.
The programme features several best-practice presentations on Monday as well as working groups and a panel discussion on Tuesday.
Former Slovenia head coach and EHF Lecturer Marta Bon will give her insights on women's youth handball and the mentoring of young players.
Austrian Wolfgang Stockinger, the Head of Career Development for KADA, talks about preparing handball players for their post-career and dual career options.
Former Dutch international and EHF Lecturer Monique Tijsterman and Bente Aksnes, Vice President of the Norwegian Handball Federation, present best-practice examples from the Dutch and the Norwegian Handball Federation.
Tijsterman will lay emphasis on the Dutch Handball Academy, a programme which began in 2006 and eventually resulted in silver medals for the women's national team at the World Championship 2015 and the EHF EURO 2016.
Aksnes will present the Norwegian federation's approach to women's handball and women in handball; out of 128,000 players in Norway, two-thirds are female.
The workshop continues on Tuesday with working groups on topics such as the promotion of women's handball and the strengthening of the women's EHF top competitions, i.e. the EHF EURO and the EHF Champions League.
A panel discussion on women's handball in the future concludes the workshop.
Selected findings of the workshop as well as statements from the panel discussion's participants will be available on eurohandball.com and the EHF's social media channels afterwards.
TEXT:
Josh Homme of 'Queens of the Stone Age' (Photo Credit: USA Today)
On Saturday night, Queens of the Stone Age frontman Josh Homme kicked photographer Chelsea Lauren while “in a state of being lost in performance.”
On Sunday, Homme apologized on QOTSA's social media accounts.
“I don't have any excuse or reason … I was a total d**k … I'm truly sorry, and I hope you're okay.” He continues, “I've made a lot of mistakes in my life, and last night was definitely one of them.”
View the full apology below:
Prior to Homme's apology, Lauren posted the following:
©2017 Entercom 2017 All rights reserved.
Montanans earning minimum wage will see rate increase to $8.30 per hour next year
MONTANA – Governor Steve Bullock today announced Montanans earning minimum wage will see the rate increase to $8.30 per hour beginning Jan. 1, 2018.
“People who work full time for a living shouldn't be living in poverty. This modest increase in minimum wage means more Montana workers will have a little extra money in their pockets,” said Governor Bullock. “This economic boost will help hard-working Montana families make ends meet and ensure they aren't falling behind.”
In 2017, the industry with the largest number of workers earning minimum wage was the accommodations and food industry followed by the retail trade industry. Combined Food and Preparation Workers, Waiters and Waitresses, Cashiers, Bartenders, and Retail Salespersons are occupations with large numbers of minimum wageworkers.
39-3-409 MCA requires the Department of Labor & Industry to adjust the Montana minimum wage for inflation using the CPI-U. An estimated 3,900 workers, or approximately 0.9 percent of the workforce, receive minimum wage.
The minimum wage is determined by taking the current minimum wage of $8.15 and increasing it by the CPI-U increase from August of 2016 to August 2017. The CPI-U increased by 1.939% over the year ending August 2017. To keep the minimum wage at the same purchasing power as the prior year, the wage should increase by $0.158 per hour. The resulting wage is $8.308 and statute specifies that the wage must be rounded to the nearest 5 cents.
Information relating to Montana's minimum wage may be downloaded from the Department of Labor & Industry website at erd.dli.mt.gov.
Patriots won't be able to 'finish' off Eagles Eagles (+4 ½) over Patriots / Over 48 (Super Bowl LII, US Bank Stadium, Minneapolis) There has been a stream of high-value opportunities available to the discerning handicapper in the...
Eagles will be saving grace for this struggling NFL bettor After 20 weeks of prognostication pain, there's one last chance to extricate this column from the Pit of Misery. So here goes: Philly Dilly! This selection isn't a reflection on...
Pederson, Foles will give Patriots and Belichick all they can handle The Wildcat returns for his 21st season in The Post. Including the 1997-2016 Bettor's Guide, Cat's record in print stands at 573-479 (54.5 percent) against the spread. Eagles (+4¹/₂) over...
All signs point to the Eagles The North Star from Northcoast Sports Service joins The Post's college and NFL bettor's guides for 2017. Go to ncsports.com to view a sample of the Power Sweep newsletter. Eagles...
Home underdog Eagles have tools to upend Vikings EAGLES (+3) over Vikings (Under 38½): Off a stellar regular season, Minnesota is now a road favorite to reach their fifth Super Bowl, in their effort to gain a measure...
Tom Coughlin kryptonite won't stop the Patriots this time Tom Coughlin has been labeled the Patriots' Kryptonite thanks to his stunning victories over Tom Brady and Bill Belichick in Super Bowls XLII and XLVI as Giants coach. Now Coughlin,...
Mike Zimmer's magic ends here: Take the Eagles The Wildcat returns for his 21st season in The Post. Including the 1997-2016 Bettor's Guide, Cat's record in print stands at 573-479 (54.5 percent) against the spread. EAGLES (+3) over...
Patriots-Jaguars won't be a shootout The North Star from Northcoast Sports Service joins The Post's college and NFL bettor's guides for 2017. Go to ncsports.com to view a sample of the Power Sweep newsletter. Jaguars/PATRIOTS...
All signs point to Steelers STEELERS (-7) over Jaguars (Over 41½): The opening third of Pittsburgh's season was prime early-season Steelers … taking good teams seriously (the Vikings and Ravens), while sliding by the Browns...
From Bryan Hulbert
TULSA, Okla. (April 23, 2018) – It has been 20 years since the Lucas Oil American Sprint Car Series presented by Sawblade.com turned laps in Kentucky, but that all changes this Friday, April 27 as the series debuts at the three-eighths-mile Paducah International Raceway.
Joining the former Thunder Ridge Speedway in Prestonsburg, Ky. the series last trip through the “Bluegrass State” saw Oklahoma's Daryn Pittman winning on May 29, 1998, with Kansas native, Garry Lee Maier picking up the win on May 30, 1998.
The only appearance of Sprint Cars on the 2018 Paducah International Raceway slate, the driver leading the way into this Friday's showdown is Sammy Swindell.
Pacing the Lucas Oil American Sprint Car Series presented by Sawblade.com standings by 23 makers over two-time and defending series champion, Sam Hafertepe, Jr., the driver of the Hills Racing Team No. 15h last visited the three-eighths-mile oval in 2013 with the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series.
Johnny Herrera in third turned laps at Paducah in 1998 with an 11th place finish in the famed Casey's General Stores No. 47. Currently trailing the top spot by 35 points, Herrera sits only 10 markers ahead of Washington's Seth Bergman while Blake Hahn completes the top-five in tour standings.
Friday, April 27 at Paducah International Raceway opens at 5:00 P.M. with Hot Laps at 7:00 P.M. (CT). Admission for adults is $20 with kids 10 and under admitted into the grandstands for $10. Paducah International Raceway is located at 4445 Shemwell Ln. in Paducah, Ky. More information the facility can be found online at http://www.paducahracing.com or by calling (731) 434-9832.
For other news, notes, and information on the American Sprint Car Series, from the National Tour to any of the Regional Tours that make up the over 150 across the ASCS Nation in 2018, log onto http://www.ascsracing.com, follow-on Facebook, on Instagram, and on Twitter (@LucasOilASCS).
Quick Reference
Who: Lucas Oil American Sprint Car Series presented Sawblade.com
Where: Paducah International Raceway (Paducah, KY)
When: Friday, April 27, 2018
Pit Gate: 5:00 P.M. (CT)
Grandstands: 5:00 P.M.
Driver's Meeting: 5:45 P.M.
On Track: 7:00 P.M.
Muffler Rule: Open Headers
Track Contact Information:
Address: 4445 Shemwell Lane, Paducah, KY. 42003
Phone: (731) 434-9832
Email: philmkt41@aol.com
Online: http://www.paducahracing.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paducahracing?ref=ts&fref=ts
Twitter: http://twitter.com/paducahracing
2018 ASCS National Driver Points (Top 15): 1. Sammy Swindell 399; 2. Sam Hafertepe, Jr. 376; 3. Johnny Herrera 364; 4. Seth Bergman 354; 5. Blake Hahn 345; 6. Danny Jennings 330; 7. Wayne Johnson 326; 8. Roger Crockett 325; 9. Jamie Ball 319; 10. Scott Bogucki 319; 11. Skylar Gee 37; 12. Robbie Price 314; 13. Harli White 309; 14. Matt Covington 305; 15. Tony Bruce, Jr. 295;
Stephen Ward has penned a fresh two-year deal with Burnley to cap a few days to remember for the 31-year-old defender.
The Dubliner cracked home a terrific volley at Stamford Bridge to help the Clarets to a shock 3-2 win against Chelsea on Saturday, and was named in Martin O'Neill's provisional Republic of Ireland squad for the September World Cup qualifiers with Georgia and Serbia.
Now he's committed to the Turf Moor club with a contract extension that will keep him there until the summer of 2019, with the option of another year.
"I'm delighted to have signed," he told the club's website.
"It's just great to be part of a club like this at the minute and hopefully we can have another successful season."
Ward joined Burnley three years ago from Wolves - via Brighton, who he played with for a year on loan - suffering relegation from the Premier League in an injury-disrupted first campaign.
However he helped Sean Dyche's side earn promotion the following season and played a big part in a successful return to the top flight.
Ward's international team-mate Kevin Long signed a new three-year contract with Burnley two weeks ago.
Long, who joined the club from Cork City in January 2010, made his first Premier League start in the 2-2 draw against West Brom in May, which guaranteed the Clarets another season with the big boys.
Welcome to FTW Explains, a guide to catching up on and better understanding stuff going on in the world. You may have noticed that baseball fans have been talking about Atlanta Braves prospect Ronald Acuna getting sent to the minors and wanted to catch up. We're here to help.
Who is Ronald Acuna?
Ronald Acuna is the Braves' 20-year-old outfield prospect from Venezuela who turned heads last season with his stunning ascension up the Braves' minor-league system. He is now the top prospect in all baseball, according to Baseball America and the No. 2 prospect by MLB.com.
How good is he?
Like any prospect, it's tough to say for certain until he gets actual big-league seasoning, but by all indication, Acuna has the potential to be a generational superstar. This spring, he has been the Braves' best player by far with a .432 average, ridiculous 1.392 OPS and five home runs. He's arguably had the best spring training out of any player in baseball. It's spring, sure, but there's no denying this sort of power.
Braves 20 year old phenom Ronald Acuna hits this ball straight out of the stadium. pic.twitter.com/vGXSJhCYS3 — Donkey Hack (@DonkeyHack) March 18, 2018
(And of course the announcer gets on Acuna for admiring a home run that was hit clear out of a stadium. Acuna is fun).
Holy (expletive). And the Braves sent him down?
Correct. On Monday, the Braves officially reassigned Acuna to their minor-league camp, meaning that Acuna will start the season in Triple-A Gwinnett. This was an expected move, but it still drew criticism from MLB fans.
The Braves are manipulating Ronald Acuña's service time. That doesn't necessarily involve violating an MLB rule, but the Braves sent him down to game his service time. https://t.co/BrU9ltCk0o — Ben Badler (@BenBadler) March 20, 2018
Exhibit A on why the @Braves have been a joke for the last decade. — Obi-Wan (@ObiWan_Phil) March 19, 2018
And the Braves will miss the Wild Card by 3 games. — Patrick J. Williams (@patr1ckw) March 19, 2018
I hope uber prospects like Kris Bryant and Ronald Acuna refuse to sign contracts with the teams that screwed them during their rookie seasons over service time as soon as they're out from under their control. Just one star needed to do it for teams to stop pulling this nonsense. — Ivan Alexander (@IvanAle07782732) March 19, 2018
But why?
Glad you asked. The answer is simple: control.
If the Braves had Acuna on the opening day roster — though he's clearly ready — Atlanta would relinquish an extra year of contractual control. By keeping Acuna in the minors until at least April 13, the Braves delay Acuna's free agency by a year. It's a move solely motivated by economics and not necessarily Acuna's big-league readiness. The Cubs, for example, did the same with Kris Bryant.
It's not a popular tactic from a fan standpoint, but Braves general manager Alex Anthopoulos said he's prepared to handle the criticism.
Via AJC:
“That's part of the game. You're going to get criticized in these jobs no matter what you do,” Anthopoulos said after the announcement that Acuna was reassigned to minor league camp. “One way or the other, we have to do what feels right, what's the right path and right development path for the player. In the long run, that's what's going to carry the day.”
When can we expect to see Acuna in the majors?
Technically, the earliest the Braves will promote Acuna and secure that extra year would be April 13. Atlanta is on the road for a weekend series against the Cubs. The Braves return to Atlanta for a seven-game homestand on April 16. They would likely prefer to have Acuna make his big-league debut in front of a home crowd to maximize the buzz.
You can read more from USA TODAY Sports.
An argument in favour of the parking meters
Dear Editor,
I am old enough to remember when there was a decision in the late 1940's or early 1950's to make a number of streets in the city of Georgetown one-way streets. There was a great uproar and opposition by citizens to this move by the powers that be. An order was made to rescind the decision in part. All the two-way streets identified were eventually re-designated one-way streets. They remain so to this day.
I also recall when the GTT head office was being built in upper Brickdam to replace the aging edifice of Mc Inroy Building, Dr Cheddi Jagan in a critique described the new structure as ‘Cadillac-styled.' Today the decision to install parking meters has in the main engendered mostly illogical bias against it. It is being opposed with the normal bias and preference which attend a number of issues to bring discipline and regulation in Guyana.
Citizens were preoccupied with other priorities and failed to assimilate the information disseminated in various forms, media or otherwise about the advent of the parking meter system. They took it in their stride without seriously addressing or questioning the areas where the meters were to be installed or the exorbitant fee charged. Mr. Editor, over the last two decades, tens of thousands of cars have been imported into Guyana and these have thousands of owners countrywide. Apart from the hinterland tracks available to all terrain vehicles, there has been no increase of paved roadways and parking space in the country and cities including the capital Georgetown. There is no carpooling of passenger space in cars coming into the city.
The cessation of the railway service has removed the single largest mass transit capability which previously existed. Everyone wants a vehicle, which is easily sourced both for convenience and as a signal of upward mobility. The minibus passenger load is limited and their ever increasing numbers occupy large spaces on the limited hard surface roadway routes. The surfeit of the vehicles vying for this limited space is quickly creating gridlock. It also extends the time of travel for a commute.
The traffic woe which necessitated the widening of the East Bank Demerara corridor from Houston to the Stadium and is now being extended to Diamond will be realised further up the road in the not too distant future. The parking meters issue has arisen because there is a sharp demand for access to a minimum of parking and travel space by a variety of vehicles. There are the owners who are prepared to park for as long as they desire either because ‘they got there first' or that there is no cost attached as to how long they are parked.
Mr. Editor, serious thought must be given as to how and where those vehicle owners who have boycotted the parking meter positions are finding alternative parking and are getting about. Where are they parking? Are they using public transport? How urgently do we need a larger mass transit bus capability system in the city and suburbs with a revised route and scheduling network?
There must be a paying parking meter in the business sections of the city at a nominal rate for vehicles to share the limited parking space available. New businesses will have to make provision for customer parking to preclude the need for them to pay for parking in public spaces except when absolutely necessary.
Finally, Mr. Editor, with the continued rate of added vehicles on the roads the possibility of road rage erupting because of the paucity of public parking space is sure to raise its ugly head. It is imperative that tenders be invited to provide for larger mass road transit; comfortable and passenger friendly transport medium. The minibus transport is not cast in stone.
Aubrey M Alexander
The pound gained Tuesday after the U.K.'s Theresa May called a surprise general election that she says is necessary to strengthen Brexit negotiations.
The pound recovered from an initial drop that accompanied news of a special, but initially unknown, announcement.
“This uncertainty has caused a reaction in the sterling,” said Jameel Ahmad, vice president of market research at FXTM in a note. May had repeatedly denied she would call a snap election before the next planned vote in 2020.
Ultimately, the prime minister announced plans for an early general election on June 8 because other parties in parliament are opposed to the Conservative-led government's Brexit plans.
The pound GBPUSD, +0.8914% hit $1.2583 as details emerged. It dropped to $1.2530 after trading as high as $1.2608 earlier on Tuesday. Against the euro, the pound GBPEUR, +0.5337% traded at €1.1870; it had dropped to €1.1748.
“We want a deep and special partnership between a strong and successful European Union and a United Kingdom that is free to chart its own way in the world,” May said. “Our opponents believe that because the Government's majority is so small, our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course. They are wrong,” she added.
May's Conservative party currently has a parliamentary majority of 17. Since taking office last summer, the prime minister has consistently ruled out a snap election. As recently as last month, her office said an early vote was off the table and there wasn't going to be an election until the planned ballot in 2020.
“May wants to show that she has the ultimate power on this and she would like to sail the Brexit ship in a way that she likes to do,” said Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst with Think Markets. “The process of general election would strengthen her hand.”
“Sterling ... recovered all the losses while she was making her speech,” he said. “The downward move confirmed that the there is a big support at 1.2550.”
The dollar, meanwhile, slipped against leading rivals but was generally stabilizing from the deeper losses of recent sessions. The ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, -0.32% slipped less than 0.1% at 100.23.
Dollar-yen USDJPY, -0.11% traded at ¥108.94 compared to ¥108.91 late Monday in New York. The euro EURUSD, +0.3664% was buying $1.0669 compared to $1.0644 late Monday in New York.
A program that hosts armed police in local high schools will be debated Thursday at the Toronto Police Services Board meeting. Police and schools first collaborated on the controversial School Resource Officer (SRO) program in 2008. Toronto's version of the program suffers from several challenges, especially regarding community consent, useful program data, and risks to racialized and undocumented students. Here are seven things you need to know about police in Toronto's schools.
1. Police and schools launched Toronto's SRO program without notice or public consultation. In the summer of 2008, Police and school boards announced their intention to put police officers in Toronto's schools. According to the Toronto District School Board then-director John Campbell, the program's goal was to “enable officers to get to know students better, and for students to get to know officers better.” Neither the TDSB, its Catholic school counterpart, the TCDSB, nor the Toronto Police Services Board held public consultations on putting police in schools.
It also isn't clear why students who are disproportionately targeted by police in their communities would feel comfortable with the SRO program. Many community groups argue that students whose history with police has been negative are especially intimidated by the presence of armed police in their schools. They point to examples of excessive police force against Black students, such as an incident in September when two Peel Regional Police officers handcuffed a six year old Black girl by her ankles and wrists inside of a Mississauga classroom.
4. Public officials have almost no reliable stats about Toronto's SRO program. Toronto police have conducted two internal reviews of the SRO program, most recently in 2011. The reports are based almost exclusively on surveys to students, administrators and SRO officers themselves about perceptions of safety. The latest report states that while most students felt safe in schools, “the results of the student surveys in May 2009 and again in May 2011 found that overall student perception of safety did not improve.” The same report tracks violent incidents in and around schools with and SRO. In the 2007 to 2008 school year — before the implementation of the SRO program — police documented 129 incidents of a serious nature in these areas, including aggravated assault, assault causing bodily harm, robbery, and weapons offences. In the 2010 to 2011 school year, police documented 120 incidents in the same areas. Police have offered no evidence linking the presence of officers in schools to criminal activity.
5. Racialized students are already facing disproportionate discipline in Toronto Schools. Data from the Toronto District School Board, the largest board in Canada, consistently shows that Black and Indigenous students are more likely to be suspended from school. For example, in 2007 Black students made up only 12 percent of the TDSB's population, but were involved in over 31 percent of suspensions. Most recently, Faculty of Education professor Carl James published a York University study showing that 48% of all TDSB expulsions are of Black students, despite the fact that only 13% of student enrolled at the board are Black. TAVIS officers, who already have a history of profiling Black youth in the city, are now patrolling many of the schools with large populations of Black students. The police and TDSB have never disclosed how many interactions between police and students have resulted in arrests and criminal charges, nor have they isolated such statistics based on race. 6. Schools have a duty to protect undocumented students, but police do not One of the most serious community concerns about the presence of police in schools is their interaction with undocumented students. Ontario's Education Act states that children must have access to education regardless of the immigration status of their parents. The TDSB's 2007 “don't ask, don't tell” policy says school staff will not ask students or families their immigration status, and will not disclose that status to immigration officials if they learn of it. By contrast, Toronto police have explicitly rejected the “don't tell” aspect of interactions with undocumented people. The police claim it is their duty to report information about undocumented people to the Canadian Border Services Agency. In 2011, Toronto Police announced that all SROs would begin meeting with a weekly information-sharing group that included border service officials. Border service agents have apprehended children in Toronto schools, and have even held children in custody until their parents surrendered. During two separate incidents in 2006, border agents apprehended four children from Toronto schools.
7. Fewer than half of Toronto's high schools have a school resource officer Only 45 of the TDSB's 100 high schools employ a school resource officer. The lack of prior public consultation makes it difficult to know how the TDSB decided which schools should host the SRO program. While it is easy to assume that police would be deployed in schools with high rates of violence or misconduct, Toronto police have explicitly denied these factors affected the decision.
“The schools in Toronto were chosen, not because they had problems of violence, but because the principals and trustees were committed to making the program work,” says the 2008 Toronto Police Services annual report. A map of the 45 TDSB schools with an SRO shows high concentrations of schools in north Etobicoke and North York, areas of the city with relatively high numbers of Black residents. Since the TDSB does not publicly provide data about the racial makeup of individual schools, it is difficult to know the specific ethno-racial populations of the schools with SROs.
Desmond Cole is a freelance journalist and activist in Toronto. He detailed his personal experiences with carding in a feature for Toronto Life, and has been an outspoken critic of the practice.
Desmond Cole is a freelance journalist and activist in Toronto. Contact Desmond Cole at lauren.strapagiel+desmondcole@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
First Read is your briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed White House moves toward release of controversial Russia memo 3:20 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
WASHINGTON — Not only is President Trump soon expected to approve release of that controversial memo alleging surveillance abuses, he's also now publicly attacking the top Justice and FBI leaders — including, we assume, the very people he nominated to serve in his administration.
“The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!” Trump tweeted this morning.
The question everyone needs to be asking themselves this morning is: What is the bigger story — the Russia investigation itself, or the investigative practices that went into it?
Conservative Wall Street Journal columnist Kimberley Strassel, who appears to have a heads-up on what's in the memo, argues in favor of the investigative practices being the bigger story. And read her today to understand where the White House and Trump allies will likely say when the memo comes out:
“Did the FBI have cause to open a full-blown counterintelligence probe into an active presidential campaign?”
“If the FBI obtained permission from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to monitor Trump aide Carter Page based on information from the Christopher Steele dossier, that in itself is a monumental scandal. It means the FBI used a document commissioned by one presidential campaign as a justification to spy on another.”
“The FBI may argue it had good cause to look into Mr. Page. But if months of wiretaps didn't turn up anything (and surely we'd have heard if they did), the FBI also had a duty to cease such a liberty-busting intrusion.”
On the other hand, here is what we already know about the Russia investigation:
The U.S. intelligence community concluded that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election – to help Trump's campaign and hurt Hillary Clinton's. It included the hacking and release (via WikiLeaks) of Democratic emails.
Trump actively campaigned on the WikiLeaks disclosures in the final month of the presidential election. "Boy, I love reading those WikiLeaks," he said on Nov. 4, 2016.
In June of 2016, Donald Trump Jr., Jared Kushner, and Paul Manafort met with a Kremlin-connected lawyer at Trump Tower — after Trump Jr. was told by publicist Rob Goldstone that Russia had dirt on Hillary Clinton. (“This is obviously very high level and sensitive information but is part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump.”)
A month earlier, in May of 2016, Trump campaign adviser George Papadopoulos told Australia's top diplomat — during a night of heavy drinking — that Russia had dirt on Clinton. (Two months later, “when leaked Democratic emails began appearing online, Australian officials passed the information about Mr. Papadopoulos to their American counterparts,” the New York Times writes.)
In the final months of the 2016 election, Donald Trump Jr. was exchanging direct messages with WikiLeaks, the Atlantic reported. ("'Hiya, it'd be great if you guys could comment on/push this story,' WikiLeaks suggested, attaching a quote from then-Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton about wanting to 'just drone' WikiLeaks founder, Julian Assange. 'Already did that earlier today,' Trump Jr. responded an hour-and-a-half later. 'It's amazing what she can get away with.'")
Trump fired FBI Director James Comey, and told NBC's Lester Holt it was because of Russia. ("When I decided to [fire Comey], I said to myself, I said you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story.")
And in less than a year, the Mueller probe has resulted in the guilty pleas (for lying to the FBI) of Papadopoulos and former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn. And it has produced two indictments — of former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and campaign aide Rick Gates.
So ask yourself: What's the bigger story — the Russia investigation or the investigative practices?
And what's the bigger distraction?
Re-upping: The Nunes memo is about surveillance on Carter Page, so here's his story
We wrote this yesterday, but it bears repeating again:
Here's the reason why House Intel Committee Chairman Devin Nunes and the Trump White House want to release the memo: They believe “it makes the case that F.B.I. and Justice Department officials acted inappropriately when they sought the highly classified warrant in October 2016 on the campaign adviser, Carter Page,” the New York Times writes. As Nunes said yesterday, “[I]t's clear that top officials used unverified information” — we assume he's talking about the Steele dossier — “in a court document to fuel a counter-intelligence investigation during an American political campaign.”
In other words, Trump and Nunes apparently want to argue: The FBI used a Democratic-funded dossier to get a wiretap on a Trump campaign official during the 2016 campaign. And therefore, the entire Russia investigation is suspect.
The 2016 dossier claims that Page “met with Russians and discussed quid-pro-quo deals relating to sanctions and Russia's interference in the election,” PolitiFact recounts.
But back in 2015, the U.S. government already knew that Page had passed documents to a Russian intelligence operative two years earlier. Buzzfeed: “A former campaign adviser for Donald Trump met with and passed documents to a Russian intelligence operative in New York City in 2013. The adviser, Carter Page, met with a Russian intelligence operative named Victor Podobnyy, who was later charged by the US government alongside two others for acting as unregistered agents of a foreign government. The charges, filed in January 2015, came after federal investigators busted a Russian spy ring that was seeking information on US sanctions as well as efforts to develop alternative energy. Page is an energy consultant.”
“A court filing by the US government contains a transcript of a recorded conversation in which Podobnyy speaks with one of the other men busted in the spy ring, Igor Sporyshev, about trying to recruit someone identified as ‘Male-1.' BuzzFeed News has confirmed that ‘Male-1' is Page.”
The central question to ask: Was the Steele dossier the only evidence supplied to get surveillance on Carter Page? Or was there other evidence, too?
NBC/WSJ poll: The percentage of Americans who say they closely follow pro football is down — and the drop has come from Trump's base
As one of us writes, “Just days before the Super Bowl, 48 percent of Americans say they'd encourage a child who wanted to play football to play a different sport due to concerns about concussions — up 8 points since the same question was asked four years ago, according to the latest national NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll.”
Also in the survey, “49 percent say they follow the NFL closely, down 9 points since 2014. By contrast, 51 percent say they don't follow it closely, which is up 9 points from four years ago. The biggest declines in close followers have come from demographic groups making up key parts of President Donald Trump's political base; Trump has criticized NFL players for taking a knee in protest at racial inequality before games. Those demographic groups include men ages 18-49 (a drop of 24 points), men without college degrees (-23 points) and white men (-22 points).”
“By contrast, there has been almost no change among African-Americans (59 percent of whom say they closely follow pro football, versus 58 percent in 2014); Latinos (53 percent are close followers now, versus 51 percent four years ago); or women (47 percent now, same as in 2014).”
The US Congress, facing a Friday midnight deadline, toiled on Monday to finish writing a $1.2 trillion bill to fund the federal government through Sept. 30, as several thorny issues lingered, including funding President Donald Trump's border wall.
A range of other hot-button initiatives was also slowing the unveiling of legislation that the Republican-controlled House of Representatives had aimed to make public late on Monday.
Republican lawmakers exiting a private meeting with House Speaker Paul Ryan said, for example, that there still was no decision on whether a couple of narrows, gun control-related measures could be inserted into the massive spending bill.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Image copyright Diversidad Sin Fronteras
Human rights campaigners have accused the US of "institutional murder" after a transgender immigrant died in US custody while seeking asylum.
Roxana Hernandez, 33, was being held by immigration authorities in New Mexico when she fell ill.
The US says the Honduran, who was HIV positive, is the sixth person to die in an immigrant detention facility in the past eight months.
She had travelled in a migrant caravan disparaged by President Donald Trump.
Friends say Ms Hernandez had fled violence, hate and stigma in Central America.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Caravan migrants stuck at US-Mexico border
"She saw in the United States the opportunity to start a new life free of abuse, risk and threats," said a statement issued by a coalition of immigrants' rights groups.
After applying for asylum at the US border, Ms Hernandez was detained for deportation, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency said, citing previous convictions in Texas for theft, prostitution and illegally entering the country.
According to ICE, Ms Hernandez was "processed as an expedited removal" when she applied for admission at the San Ysidro port of entry in California on 9 May.
Six days later, on 15 May, she was transferred to the Cibola County Correctional Center in Milan, New Mexico.
Two days after that, on 17 May, she was admitted to Cibola General Hospital "with symptoms of pneumonia, dehydration and complications associated with HIV".
She died early in the morning of 25 May having been transferred to Lovelace Medical Center in Albuquerque by air ambulance.
The preliminary cause of death was given as "cardiac arrest." A post-mortem examination is to be carried out.
"Roxy died due to medical negligence by US immigration authorities," said the three immigrant groups - Pueblo Sin Frontereas, Al Otro Lada and Diversidad Sin Fronteras - adding: "In other words, she was murdered."
Image copyright AFP Image caption The migrants began their gruelling trek north in southern Mexico on 25 March
The campaigners released a statement from a fellow detainee, who wanted to be known only as Stacy, alleging that her friend had fallen ill when she was locked up for five days in a notoriously cold holding cell known as an ice box.
Stacy claimed that Ms Hernandez was refused access to a doctor despite coughing, vomiting and suffering from diarrhoea and severe pain all over her body.
"The ICE officials yelled at her" because she was sick, Stacy was quoted as saying. "She didn't get medical care until she arrived at Cibola."
According to the organisers, Ms Hernandez was one of at least 267 members of the migrant caravan, including 23 transgender people, who crossed the border into California to apply for asylum.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The migrant caravan Trump keeps referencing
The immigrants' rights groups are calling for dignified and humane treatment for all asylum seekers, medical care sensitive to the needs of transgender people and those with HIV, and the closure of all immigration detention centres.
ICE said Ms Hernandez was the sixth detainee to die in its custody since 1 October 2017.
In a statement the agency said "the appropriate" authorities had been notified about the death along with the consulate of Honduras in Houston, Texas, which, ICE said, would attempt to notify her next of kin.
Stacy said she feared she would be next.
"Because of what happened, I feel bad and am afraid that the same could happen to me, since I have HIV," her statement concluded.
Earlier this month, a 20-year old indigenous Guatemalan woman, Gomez Gonzalez, was shot dead in Texas by a US border patrol officer who said a group of migrants rushed towards him.
More on Trump and immigration
Why it matters to you The live-action X-Men universe is in a good place thanks to the success of Deadpool and Logan, and now it's chasing an Oscar nominee for the sequel to X-Men: Apocalypse.
The year 2018 is going to be a big one for the X-Men cinematic universe, which just added some additional star power to one of the year's most-anticipated mutant movies.
Two-time Academy Award nominee Jessica Chastain (The Help, Zero Dark Thirty) is reportedly in talks to play the primary villain in X-Men: Dark Phoenix, the sequel to 2016's X-Men: Apocalypse. Chastain (pictured) is expected to play Lilandra, the leader of the alien empire known as the Shi'ar.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, Chastain is in early talks for the role, which would have her join returning cast members James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender, Jennifer Lawrence, Nicholas Hoult, Sophie Turner, Alexandra Shipp, Tye Sheridan, and Kodi Smit-McPhee in the project.
Additionally, Deadline reports that veteran franchise writer and producer Simon Kinberg will make his directorial debut with Dark Phoenix. Kinberg has served as a writer or producer (and often both) on every installment of the X-Men series since 2006's X-Men: The Last Stand, and has been one of the primary architects of the live-action X-Men universe over the last decade.
Chastain's rumored role — and the title of the film — indicate that the movie will borrow heavily from the “Dark Phoenix Saga” story arc from Marvel Comics' X-Men continuity. The film is expected to be set in the '90s and feature Chastain's character on a mission to find and eradicate the powerful entity known as the Phoenix Force, only to discover it within Jean Grey — the telepathic, telekinetic mutant played by Turner in Apocalypse.
In Marvel Comics lore, the Phoenix Force inhabited Jean Grey and enhanced her abilities exponentially, only to eventually corrupt her and put the entire world — and the greater galaxy, for that matter — in danger.
X-Men: Dark Phoenix is currently scheduled to hit theaters November 2, 2018. It will follow two other X-Men films arriving in theaters that year, with director Josh Boone's New Mutants premiering April 13 and the Deadpool sequel scheduled for June 1.
Claims to be first Australian health insurer to use AI tech in this way
NIB Health Funds has launched an intelligent chatbot to help customers with health insurance enquiries.
Dubbed ‘nibby' the bot provides simple responses to queries and can point customers to the appropriate sales channel or claims consultant as questioning becomes more complex.
Initially launched on the ‘Contact Us' section of the website, nibby will soon expand its domain and pop up to offer guidance when customers are self-serving online.
“As our newest member of the customer service team, nibby allows customers to access the information they need at a time that suits them, without having to wait for a consultant,” said NIB's chief information officer, Brendan Mills.
“It's been designed to respond intelligently to our customers meaning it can have a conversation and will be able to handle simple customer service queries.”
Mills said NIB was the first Australian health insurer to introduce artificial intelligence technology for this purpose.
Nibby leverages Amazon Web Services', and utilises a completely serverless architectural approach, Mills told CIO Australia.
Amazon Lex provides the core chatbot functionality which is supplemented by AWS Lambda for integration and fulfilment, AWS Cognito for authentication and AWS S3 for static hosting.
“As nibby builds its knowledge bank it will be able to respond to an infinite number of customer enquiries, supplementing existing employees and freeing them up to deal with more complex issues,” Mills said. “It's an investment that allows us to harness digital technology to grow our business and customer service capability, while maintaining our high level of customer service around the clock.”
NIB worked with Melbourne based technology services firm DiUS to stand up the chatbot within four weeks.
“Thanks to our partnership we have been able to build nibby in a faster, more agile way, which has reduced the operational complexity and the cost of running and managing the chatbot,” Mills added.
NIB is now exploring the use of artificial intelligence beyond customer service, Mills said.
Nibby
“We're also looking to use AI to improve operational efficiencies and augment our existing teams for smarter decision making in areas such as customer retention, claims and fraud detection,” he added.
Investments had been made in conversational interfaces by 28 per cent CIOs in the region, according to a recent Gartner survey.
There are a growing number of chatbot roll-outs in Australia across a range of sectors; including at UBank, NAB, Domino's Pizza, the Australian Taxation Office, IP Australia and Jetstar, to name but a few.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
The prescription drug Narcan saved Shannon Long from an opioid overdose. Here, she kneels with her daughter Hope at Woodstock Seventh Day Adventist church on Feb. 4, 2017.
This article was originally published at The Conversation. The publication contributed the article to Live Science's Expert Voices: Op-Ed & Insights.
Drug overdose deaths, once rare, are now the leading cause of accidental death in the U.S., surpassing peak annual deaths caused by motor vehicle accidents, guns and HIV infection.
As a former public health official, clinician and researcher, I've been engaged in efforts to control the opioid addiction epidemic for the past 15 years.
The data show that the situation is dire and getting worse. Until opioids are prescribed more cautiously and until effective opioid addiction treatment becomes easier to access, overdose deaths will likely remain at record high levels.
Opioids are drugs that stimulate the brain's opiate receptors. Some are made from opium and some are completely synthetic. In the U.S., the most commonly prescribed opioids are hydrocodone and oxycodone, which are classified as semi-synthetic because they are synthesized from opium. Heroin is also a semi-synthetic opioid. The effects of hydrocodone and oxycodone on the brain are indistinguishable from the effects produced by heroin.
Opioids are essential medicines for palliative care. They are also helpful when used for a couple of days after major surgery or a serious accident. Unfortunately, the bulk of the opioid prescriptions in the U.S. are for common conditions, like back pain.
In these cases, opioids are more likely to harm patients than help them because the risks of long-term use, such as addiction, outweigh potential benefit. Opioids have not been proven effective for daily, long-term use. Evidence suggests that chronic use of opioids can even make pain worse, a phenomenon called hyperalgesia.
Over the last two decades, as prescriptions for opioids began to soar, rates of addiction and overdose deaths increased in parallel.
The increase in opioid prescription was fueled by a multifaceted campaign underwritten by pharmaceutical companies. Doctors heard from their professional societies, their hospitals and even from state medical boards that patients were suffering needlessly because of an overblown fear of addiction.
The campaign minimized opioid risks and exaggerated the benefits of using opioids over the long term for chronic pain. Several states and counties have recently filed lawsuits against opioid manufacturers for the role they played in causing the opioid addiction epidemic by misleading the medical community.
Until 2011, most opioid overdose deaths involved prescription opioids. Then prescription opioid overdose deaths leveled off, while overdose deaths involving heroin began to soar.
Why did this happen? A common misconception is that so-called "drug abusers" suddenly switched from prescription opioids to heroin due to a federal government "crackdown" on painkillers.
There is a kernel of truth in this narrative. It's true that the vast majority of people who started using heroin after 1995 switched from prescription opioids because heroin was easier to obtain. But heroin use among young whites has been increasing since before 2011. From the beginning of the opioid crisis, young adults who became addicted to prescription opioids would switch to heroin, a less expensive option.
As young people switched to heroin, the heroin supply also became more dangerous. This caused the sharp increase in heroin overdose deaths in 2011. Increasingly, fentanyl, a potent and inexpensive synthetic opioid, was mixed with heroin or sold as heroin.
Until 2013, medical examiners didn't routinely test heroin overdose victims for the presence of fentanyl, but once they did, an alarming trend appeared. Preliminary data indicate that, in 2016, deaths involving fentanyl surpassed deaths involving prescription opioids and heroin.
There's another reason not to believe the narrative about a "crackdown" on painkillers leading to a sudden shift to heroin: There hasn't been a crackdown on prescription opioids. Despite some slowdown, the medical community continues to overprescribe opioids.
In fact, U.S. per capita opioid consumption is much higher than other developed nations. Our oxycodone consumption has started to decline, but it remains much higher than oxycodone consumption in Europe.
To bring the opioid addiction epidemic under control, the medical community must be more cautious about prescribing opioids. Federal and state governments also have to ensure that the millions of Americans now suffering from opioid addiction can access effective addiction treatment.
Buprenorphine and methadone maintenance – also known as medication-assisted treatment – are preferred treatments for opioid addiction. When patients with addiction take these medications, they are able to function and have an improved quality of life. These treatments also reduce the risk of overdose death and injection-related infectious diseases.
Buprenorphine is safer than methadone and other opioids, so it can be prescribed from a doctor's office. Methadone maintenance is administered under supervision in clinics that patients visit daily.
Unfortunately, many patients are unable to access these treatments. Despite a sharp rise in opioid addiction over the past decade, there has been only a slight increase in referrals for medication-assisted treatment in state-licensed drug treatment programs. Patients who are able to obtain treatment with buprenorphine must often visit private practice physicians who don't accept commercial insurance or Medicaid.
Until effective treatment for opioid addiction is easier to access than opioid painkillers, heroin or fentanyl, opioid overdose deaths are likely to remain at record high levels.
Andrew Kolodny, Co-Director of Opioid Policy Research, Brandeis University
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
Cops bust suspect trying to cook meth inside a White Castle This suspect was cooking up more than sliders. One person was taken into custody after Indiana State Police reportedly discovered a suspected “one pot” methamphetamine lab inside a Hobart White...
Ambulette driver arrested for hitting pedestrian The driver of a private ambulette was arrested for hitting a pedestrian as she was crossing the street in Queens on Friday, leaving her in critical condition. The 57-year-old woman...
Artie Lange's sentencing hearing postponed for rehab stay The troubled comedian was expected in court Friday but remains in rehab.
Three men charged in Minnesota mosque bombing Three men from a rural Illinois community were arrested Tuesday and charged in the 2017 bombing of a mosque outside Minneapolis and the attempted bombing of an Illinois abortion clinic,...
Teacher's screen saver allegedly showed porn in class An English teacher in Texas was arrested after authorities said pornographic pictures popped up on his laptop screen saver during class. William Perkins, a teacher at Chapel Hill High School...
Teacher's assistant pleads guilty to selling thousands of oxy pills A teacher's assistant in a New Jersey elementary school has pleaded guilty to selling tens of thousands of oxycodone pills for almost seven years — some on school grounds, officials...
Video shows corrections officer punching handcuffed man in the head A California correctional officer faces charges after allegedly hitting a handcuffed man in an assault that officials say was recorded on surveillance video. Prosecutors on Tuesday released footage that shows...
Man accused of dousing girlfriend, baby with lighter fluid LAWRENCE, Mass. — Police say a Massachusetts man doused his girlfriend and their 1-year-old baby with lighter fluid and threatened to light them on fire. A judge ordered 37-year-old William...
Georgia Rep. John Lewis turned down an invitation to attend the opening of The Mississippi Civil Rights Museum on Saturday as a triggered response to Trump's “attendance and his hurtful policies [being] an insult to the people portrayed” in the museum, he said in a release.
“After careful consideration and conversations with church leaders, elected officials, civil rights activists, and many citizens of our congressional districts, we have decided not to attend or participate in the opening of the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum,” Lewis said in a joint statement with U.S. Rep Bennie Thompson, Mississippi's only Democrat in Congress.
Civil rights icon U.S. Rep. John Lewis says he won't speak at opening of Miss. civil rights museum if President Trump attends. https://t.co/QAnvGsBXXP — The Associated Press (@AP) December 7, 2017
Lewis continued: “The struggles represented in this museum exemplify the truth of what really happened in Mississippi. President Trump's disparaging comments about women, the disabled, immigrants, and National Football League players disrespect the efforts of Fannie Lou Hamer, Aaron Henry, Medgar Evers, Robert Clark, James Chaney, Andrew Goodman, Michael Schwerner, and countless others who have given their all for Mississippi to be a better place.”
Reps. Bennie Thompson and John Lewis statement on not attending opening of Mississippi Civil Rights Museum: “President Trump's attendance and his hurtful policies are an insult to the people portrayed in this civil rights museum." pic.twitter.com/8S3kK6Oecg — NBC News (@NBCNews) December 7, 2017
The announcement of Trump's appearance at the long-planned opening has soured the spirit of the ground-breaking event for many Black politicians and organizations. What was supposed to be a racially unifying moment marking Mississippi's bicentennial of admission into the union has already come under scrutiny with Republican Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant extending an invite to Trump.
Members of the NAACP have also denounced the president's visit and urged a cancellation due to “his divisive record on civil rights issues,” The Associated Press reported.
Lewis, a civil rights icon, was being eyed as one of the main speakers at the opening. Myrlie Evers, the widow of assassinated Mississippi NAACP leader Medgar Evers, will speak at the event and have some words for the president. address Trump's visit.
“If God gives me the breath and the strength, I will address his attendance when I stand to speak,” Evers told The New York Times.
The Mississippi Civil Rights Museum, primarily focused on Black history from 1945 to 1976, confronts the fight against segregation and bigotry as well as the horrifying backlash against abolitionism. Displays of slave chains, Ku Klux Klan robes, gruesome photos of lynchings and firebombings will be featured.
Lewis encouraged Americans to go to the museum, especially poignant for people of color.
“After President Trump departs,” he said, “we encourage all Mississippians and Americans to visit this historic civil rights museum.”
SOURCE: The Associated Press, The New York Times
SEE ALSO:
WATCH: Civil Rights Exhibit Brings Rep. John Lewis To Tears
Rep. John Lewis Pens Searing Letter To His Younger Self and It Is Epic
Replaces Trish Leahey who left earlier this year to join the National Gallery of Australia
Peter Conn
The Australian Research Council (ARC) has named its new chief information officer as Peter Conn.
Conn has been acting CIO – promoted from director of operations for the ARC's ICT Services Branch – following the departure of Trish Leahey earlier this year.
Leahey spent five years with the ARC, before she left the organisation in August to take up the role of inaugural CIO at the National Gallery of Australia
Conn is responsible for all ICT services for the ARC including the provision of a suite of web applications for ARC clients — such as its Research Management System (RMS) and System to Evaluate the Excellence (SEER). He'll also provide support for ARC's corporate applications, desktop, IT security and infrastructure services, the council said.
Conn joined the ARC in March 2014, from the Department of Finance.
“During his career in ICT he has held a broad range of roles in government and the private sector, contributing his skills and expertise to the delivery of ICT infrastructure and application projects as well as playing a critical role in Service Delivery Reform,” the ARC said in a statement today.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Miami Marlins starting pitcher Jose Urena works against a San Diego Padres batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull) Gregory Bull AP
French President François Hollande said he would on Monday visit French troops fighting Islamic state armed group jihadists in Iraq.
In the last New Year message of his presidency, Hollande said: “We are not yet finished with the scourge of terrorism. We must continue to fight it abroad – that's the reason for our military operations in Mali, Syria and Iraq, where I will travel the day after tomorrow to greet our troops.”
France has around 500 troops fighting alongside coalition forces in Iraq, backed by Rafale fighter jets.
The French President stressed that the fight against terrorism was also domestic, citing efforts to foil attempted attacks, closely watching “dangerous individuals” and fighting against radical extremism.
“I know that you are worried about the terrorist threat which has not diminished as shown by what happened in Berlin,” where a Tunisian jihadist smashed a truck into a Christmas market on December 19, killing 11 people and also shooting dead the lorry's registered driver.
Hollande paid tribute to those killed in terror attacks in France this year, including the 86 mown down in the Bastille Day attack in Nice and smaller-scale attacks on a priest and two police officers.
This was Hollande's last New Year appearance after he announced earlier this month he would not stand for re-election in presidential polls next year.
- AFP
FSU football got a signature win over Michigan in the Orange Bowl Friday night. We look back at the top impact players for the ‘Noles.
It was a collective effort from the ‘Noles team to beat Michigan as touchdown underdogs on Friday night. Most people thought it would be a low scoring game with two defenses shutting the opposing offenses down.
That happened in spurts as FSU shut down Michigan's offense virtually 80 percent of the game. Michigan's defense has a spurt early in the second half where they contained FSU's offense.
However, it was the explosive plays of the FSU offense and the aggressive sure tackling of the FSU defense that sealed the win for the ‘Noles.
We take a look at the top five impact players for FSU against Michigan.
Ro'Derrick Hoskins
The FSU football linebackers played arguably their best game of the season against Michigan. They attacked the line of scrimmage and were good in coverage.
It's the type of play we expected all season from Ro'Derrick Hoskins who played well when called upon in 2015 when Terrance Smith was injured.
Here's a prime example of Hoskins not being indecisive and attacking the ball carrier while fighting through a block.
Hoskins finished the game second on the team with eight tackles (six solo) and two tackles for loss.
A.J. Westbrook
A.J. Westbrook had a tough go of it early on in the season, but has certainly played well in the later part of the season.
Westbrook is just a sophomore, and also finished the game with eight tackles (six solo) and .5 tackle for loss. He also defended a big pass in a critical part of the game where Michigan was trying to seize momentum.
Westbrook also made this play below:
It looked like he was shot out of a cannon as he identified the run and came downhill to blast the ball carrier. That's what we like, laying that wood out there young fella!
Nyqwan Murray
Nyqwan Murray made one of the most bonehead plays when he went to field Michigan's first punt of the game. He should have been at his 10-yard line and let the ball go over his head instead of running back and trying to catch it.
He fumbled and Michigan got the ball on the ‘Noles one-yard line. However, the FSU football defense bailed him out, holding Michigan to a field goal.
Murray had amnesia and atoned for his miscue with the play below which was a huge play in the game.
This play forced Michigan to defend vertically, and gave Dalvin Cook breathing room to work his magic. Murray also had the game winning catch over Michigan's All-American cornerback seen below:
Murray finished the game with those two receptions for 104 yards and two touchdowns.
Dalvin Cook
What can we say about the greatest running back in FSU football history? It's third and 22 deep in your own territory and Dalvin Cook does this:
The speed to hit the hole and the power to break arm tackles is Dalvin Cook personified. He finished the game with 145 yards on 20 carries with one touchdown and three receptions for 62 yards.
Matthew Thomas
I can't tell you how happy I am to type this part of this piece. It seemed like everything Matthew Thomas has gone through in the past couple of years, he took those frustrations out on Michigan's offense Friday night.
He finished the game with an incredible 15 tackles (9 solo) and 3.5 tackles for loss. In fact, this play below might have been the biggest play in the game early on:
Thomas making that play allowed the FSU defense room to breathe a bit and ultimately kept them to a field goal.
He has announced that he's coming back for his senior season, and if FSU gets anything close to this type of consistency the defense will be filthy.
Conclusion
This was a great overall team effort. The FSU defense played lights out. The FSU offense made some great plays against a very good defense.
Jimbo Fisher was aggressive in parts of the game which was a welcome site.
The future certainly is bright in Tallhassee with the defense keeping Derrick Nnadi and Matthew Thomas. All-American safety Derwin James will be back next season after getting hurt in the second game of the season.
Deondre Francois will have a year of valuable experience under his belt where he faced a slew of very good defenses in 2016.
Dalvin Cook will go in the first round of the NFL draft. However, five-star running back Cam Akers is enrolling at FSU next week and he could be farther along at this point than Cook was coming out of high school.
Yep, the hype may have been a year early. Does that remind you of anything? The 2012 team and then what transpired the next year?
More from Chop Chat
This article originally appeared on
