The Encinitas Historical Society, along with the Encinitas Arts, Culture and Ecology Alliance, held its first gathering June 11 of all those who attended, taught or worked at the former Pacific View School located in Historic Encinitas. Alumni, former employees, volunteers, contributors and donors were invited to celebrate Pacific View School's history, and focus on its new future.
The event included family-friendly activities, music from the 1950s and 1960s, refreshments from a variety of food trucks, old-fashioned games and more.
A special recognition was given to all who have passed through the former elementary school corridors.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
UNITED KINGDOM 12.11.2017 Courtesy Video Natochannel
On any NATO mission throughout the world, the Allied Rapid Reaction Corps is ready to deploy. It's comprised of 1,600 troops from 23 nations and has the ability to lead up to 160,000 soldiers on the ground. Annual exercise ARRCADE FUSION tests their readiness.
The Allied Rapid Reaction Corps, or ARRC, is the high-readiness Land Component Command or Corps HQ for NATO, an operationally effective HQ capable of deploying worldwide on short notice.
Tom Herman has a few things on his mind other than football.
On Monday, Texas' head coach took to the podium a day before his team is set to kick-off spring practice.
First, he addressed the recent bombings in the city of Austin. Over the course of the last month, a total of four bombs have detonated. Two citizens have been killed, while two more were seriously injured in an explosion on Sunday night.
“I would like to say that our thoughts and prayers are with the people effected in our great city in the attacks that have occurred,” Herman told reporters at a press conference on Monday. “I know law enforcement is working around the clock to figure out what the heck is going on.”
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
In addition, Herman passed along his condolences to the family of former UT head baseball coach Augie Garrido. Last week, Garrido passed away at the age of 79. He is the all-time winningest coach in college baseball history, and led Texas to two national championships.
“It was also a very sad day last week with the passing of Augie Garrido,” Herman told the media. “He was a mentor, he was more than a coach. He was a friend, a mentor, a game-changer, really, in the sport of college baseball. He'll definitely be missed here.”
Here are the initial fantasy football quarterback rankings for the 2017 NFL season. These rankings are based on team projections, which rely on history (how teams who have performed similarly have done a year later), the quarterback's past production and trends, age, and adjustments for personnel changes/injuries.
Aaron Rodgers holds down the top spot. If he stays healthy, he is the closest thing to a lock for 30+ TDs (he's thrown for 31+ in 5 of the last 6 and missed 7 games in the other). Relative to some of the other top quarterbacks, he's still closer to his prime. And he was ridiculous over the second half of last year after a slow start.
Tom Brady is the consensus #2 pick, but further down in my rankings. This is because of concerns over his age (you might have heard he turned 40). Brady looks to be on top of his game still, and the team has surrounded him with weapons. He should be productive if healthy. But we've seen plenty of top quarterbacks in their late 30's look like MVP's one year and then get hurt or drop off dramatically within a calendar year (Favre, Manning, Young). I don't drop him too far but that's why he is a tad below others in my rankings.
These rankings will be updated throughout the preseason. We await injury updates on some starters to know whether they will be ready to go (Luck, Flacco) and there are five situations where the starter is not solidified yet (HOU, DEN, CLE, CHI, NYJ). Here are the rankings:
#1 Aaron Rodgers, GB
#2 Matt Ryan, ATL
#3 Drew Brees, NO
#4 Russell Wilson, SEA
#5 Tom Brady, NE
#6 Andrew Luck, IND
#7 Cam Newton, CAR
#8 Jameis Winston, TB
#9 Marcus Mariota, TEN
#10 Ben Roethlisberger, PIT
#11 Derek Carr, OAK
#12 Kirk Cousins, WAS
#13 Philip Rivers, SD
#14 Matthew Stafford, DET
#15 Dak Prescott, DAL
#16 Andy Dalton, CIN
#17 Eli Manning, NYG
#18 Tyrod Taylor, BUF
#19 Carson Palmer, ARI
#20 Carson Wentz, PHI
#21 Blake Bortles, JAC
#22 Alex Smith, KC
#23 Jay Cutler, MIA
#24 Jared Goff, LAR
#25 Joe Flacco, BAL
#26 Deshaun Watson, HOU
#27 Trevor Siemian, DEN
#28 Sam Bradford, MIN
#29 Brian Hoyer, SF
#30 Deshone Kizer, CLE
#31 Mitchell Trubisky, CHI
#32 Jimmy Garoppolo, NE
Related History of Quarterbacks Traded for First Round Picks
#33 Paxton Lynch, DEN
#34 Josh McCown, NYJ
#35 Tom Savage, HOU
#36 Mike Glennon, CHI
#37 Patrick Mahomes, KC
#38 Brock Osweiler, CLE
#39 Cody Kessler, CLE
#40 Christian Hackenberg, NYJ
Related Ezekiel Elliott and Using Win Probability to Assess Fantasy Football Draft Stock
Former BC Premier Dave Barrett has died at the age of 87.
The well-known and charismatic politician led the province from 1972 to 1975 as the first NDP member to win the position.
The Vancouver native captained the BC's orange party for 15 years before taking on an Member of Parliament (MP) job with the Federal NDP for Esquimalt-Juan de Fuca on Vancouver Island.
He held the job from 1988 to 1993.
He was also appointed to the Order of Canada in 2005 for his political legacy.
Barrett dies after losing a long battle with Alzheimer's.
Cosmetic surgeon Doctor Yannis Alexandrides, is a leading figure within the world of skincare. His full spectrum antioxidant 111Skin Radiant Beauty Dose supplements are based on the tablets taken by astronauts to prevent ageing in space. MOJEH caught up with Doctor Alexandrides who told us all about the foundations of healthy skin.
Do you believe healthy skin starts from inside the body?
As a doctor, my interest has always been how the body functions, what interferes with these processes, and how I can fix any issues. As with any organ, the functionality and state of skin is heavily affected by what we put into our body, for example a lack of hydration makes skin appear dull and increases dark under eye circles. It's important to ensure that your body is receiving its recommended daily allowance of vitamins, minerals and antioxidants through a well-balanced, varied diet, and supported with supplements.
What led you to launch the 111Skin Radiant Skin Beauty Dose?
Even though I'm a surgeon, my ethos is prevention. I wanted to develop supplements that can be taken as a protective and reparative measure against aggressors which cause cells to go into oxidative stress – the biggest cause of ageing internally and externally.
In your opinion are ingestible beauty products the most effective way to healthy skin?
Truly healthy skin is created on the inside, not the out. A lot of skincare products tend to look after the top layers of skin and, while they have a positive effect on the appearance, the benefits are superficial and temporary. In order for skin to maintain its own health, it needs to be nurtured by ingredients that will take care of the deeper layers and improve cellular function. Ingestible beauty products such as supplements are an effective way of delivering key skin-enhancing ingredients to the deeper layers of skin where they can be utilised properly by cells.
What are the key ingredients one should look for when purchasing ingestible beauty products?
As skin gets older or is exposed to environmental aggressors, it produces free radicals which make cells malfunction – so antioxidants are a key ingredient to look for. In 111SKIN Radiant Skin Beauty Dose we have gone one step further and included NAC Y2, which enhances intracellular production of master antioxidant Glutathione within skin; providing it with the best environment for healing itself.
What effects can we expect the 111Skin Radiant Skin Beauty Dose to have on our skin?
With its full spectrum antioxidant and vitamin content, 111SKIN Radiant Beauty Dose works to increase skin's own natural reparative processes; the complexion will be completely rejuvenated with a radiant glow, and the often-neglected skin on the body will be smoothed and refined. An additional benefit is to nails and hair, which are both part of our skin; hair will be shinier, and nails will be stronger.
TORONTO — The Latest on the incident in which a van plowed down a Toronto sidewalk, killing and injuring several people (all times local):
9:25 a.m.
The president of Invesco Canada says one of the financial company's employees was among those killed in when a van plowed into pedestrians in Toronto.
Peter Intraligi says the company's "thoughts and prayers" were with "all those impacted by this tragic event."
The company had earlier issued a statement saying two of its employees were affected.
A new statement from Intraligi says "I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to her injuries." He added: "Out of respect for her and her family, we will not be providing any further comments."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
___
8:55 a.m.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says authorities see no national security element in the seeming attack on pedestrians in Canada's largest city.
A pharmaceutical behemoth is the current subject of controversy after a product recall due to a packaging error. On Tuesday, pharmaceutical company Allergan issued a recall for its birth control product — an almost dizzying 170,000 Taytulla packs — after a physician alerted them to the wrong order of the pills. The packs have been in circulation since August and will expire in May 2019.
Normally, a typical Taytulla pack will consist of 24 pink-colored pills with hormones in the beginning of the birth control treatment. These pills are then followed by four maroon-colored placebo capsules without hormones at the end. In the case of the recent recall, the order was reversed with the placebo capsules first and the pink-colored pills later — and this could lead to unplanned pregnancies, according to a statement from Allergan.
In a statement released on its website on Tuesday, a spokesperson for the company said, "As a result of this packaging error, oral contraceptive capsules, that are taken out of sequence, may place the user at risk for contraceptive failure and unintended pregnancy. The reversing of the order may not be apparent to either new users or previous users of the product, increasing the likelihood of taking the capsules out of order."
The spokesperson added, "If patients have concerns regarding the possibility of an unintended pregnancy they should consult their physician."
Here are two photos to explain just how how mind-boggling the Allergan packaging error is. On the left, you'll see an incorrectly-packaged Taytulla pack and on the right, you'll see correctly-packaged Taytulla pack with the four placebo capsules at the very end.
It's a packaging error with possible medical repercussions. The first 24 days of the Taytulla birth control treatment is, normally, supposed to carry ethinyl estradiol in the first 24 pills. These are the pink-colored pills shown above.
The last four capsules don't have any hormones in them, are colored maroon, and supposed to function as placebos. The order here is critical as the first 24 days are supposed carry ethinyl estradiol for minimizing the likelihood of pregnancy.
In their company statement, Allergan's spokesperson also said, "Allergan is notifying customers by recall letter and is arranging for return of all recalled sample pack product with the lot [numbered] 5620706 [with an expiration date of] May 2019. Consumers who have the sample pack product with the associated lot number should notify their physician to arrange a return."
The company may have also taken a financial hit after the announcement related to its product recall. CBS News reported that on Tuesday, shares for publicly-traded Allergan had tanked by 2 percent. The spokesperson for Allergan stated that the company recalled the Taytulla packets with the knowledge of the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
So far, according to the Wall Street Journal, there have been no reports of unplanned pregnancies as a result of the company's packaging error. Still, Allergan's product recall has elicited a variety of reactions, from horror to incredulity on social media, and even a few instances of wry humor. One Twitter user joked, "So, I guess if we see a jump in babies named Taytulla we will know why." BuzzFeed's Lauren Strapagiel mused that it's not exactly a bad name, if you think about it.
If you were one of the people to use the Taytulla packs and experienced an issue, Allergan advises reporting the problem to the FDA's MedWatch Adverse Event Reporting Program. You can do it through email or regular mail. And if you want to directly speak with a Allergan representative, it won't hurt to call 1-800-678-1605.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — The starting pitching that abandoned the RailRiders at the end of their homestand earlier in the week came to Louisville with something to prove.
In two nights at Louisville Slugger Field, it has shown quite a rebound.
David Hale and two relievers combined on a two-hitter, and a pair of solo homers in the second inning were all the RailRiders needed in a 3-1 victory over slumping Louisville on Wednesday night.
A night after lefty Josh Rogers stymied the Bats in his return to his home area, Hale spun his best game since returning to the RailRiders rotation. Over 6⅓ innings, he allowed only those two hits, walking two and striking out three, making yet another powerful RailRiders inning stand.
On Tuesday, the RailRiders had a pair of innings in which they hit two solo homers. They didn't wait long to get another out of the way Wednesday.
Mike Ford hit the fourth pitch of the second inning from rehabbing Reds starter Anthony DeSclafani high and deep over the right field wall to open the scoring. Two batters later, suddenly red-hot Billy McKinney continued his surge against the Bats by hitting a 1-2 offering from DeSclafani over the boards in right-center for a 2-0 edge.
McKinney had three hits, falling a single short of the cycle, and his leadoff triple in the ninth gave the RailRiders a big insurance run against reliever Kevin Quackenbush. He ran home on L.J. Mazzilli's sacrifice fly, and the two-run lead might have seemed like a much bigger hill for the Bats to climb the way they've struggled against RailRiders pitching.
At the very least, they managed to group their two hits against Hale together. In the fourth inning, Rosell Herrera ripped a double to right. D.J. Peterson's two-out single brought him home to cut the lead to 2-1. But from there, any chance the Bats had got snuffed out by Hale and the bullpen.
In the eighth inning, right-hander Raynel Espinal walked Chadwick Tromp with one out, then plunked Blake Trahan to put the tying and go-ahead runs on base. But Espinal settled down, getting former RailRiders outfielder Mason Williams to fly out harmlessly and Herrera to ground out. Right-hander Joe Harvey worked around a two-out walk in the ninth to pick up his first save with the RailRiders.
Contact the writer:
sports@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9125
@RailRidersTT on Twitter
Wednesday, May 30, 2018
BOLZANO, ITALY—Scientists have examined a full-body computed tomography scan of Ötzi the Iceman for evidence of his heart health, according to a report in Live Science. Ötzi is the name given to the man whose naturally mummified, 5,300-year-old remains were discovered frozen in the Alps by hikers in 1991. Previous studies have determined that Ötzi may have suffered from bad teeth and knees, propensity to ulcers, and perhaps even Lyme disease, before he likely died around the age of 46 from a blow to the head and an arrow wound in his shoulder. The new study has revealed three calcifications in the region of his heart. Scientists say these hardened plaques put him at an increased risk of a heart attack. He also had calcifications around his carotid artery, and in the arteries at the base of his skull, which could have increased his risk of stroke. An earlier study had found that Ötzi carried a genetic predisposition for atherosclerosis, or a narrowing of the arteries from fatty deposits. Patrizia Pernter, a radiologist at the Central Hospital in Bozen-Bolzano and a member of the research team, said this was probably the most important factor in Ötzi's heart disease, since he was fit and didn't smoke tobacco. For more, go to “Ötzi's Sartorial Splendor.”
Creating a Google form is an added skill that everyone needs to pick up. It doesn't cost much, just a little of your time and some discipline. This is quickly becoming one of the most widely used internet tools.
This started in 2008 as Google sheets and it could also do the very basics. Enable you to add a form to spreadsheets, format and see responses in different sheets too. This evolved to become a standalone app in 2016. This new version including new features, templates and forms, which could all be managed in one place (form) quickly.
READ ALSO: How to create an app without coding
Google forms are used to manage event registrations, quickly create opinion polls and conduct surveys. It also helps to analyse your surveys and summarise results. Data collected can also be saved directly to a spreadsheet for easier access.
play Overview of google forms
COST INVOLVED IN CREATING GOOGLE FORMS
Google forms do not require any fee. The charges which you might incur would be from your service provider.
READ ALSO: Learn how to create a verified PayPal account in Ghana
DURATION FOR CREATING GOOGLE FORMS
Google forms take a minimum of 10mins to accomplish.
TOOLS NEEDED WHEN CREATING GOOGLE FORMS
Smartphone
Computer (desktop, laptop or tablet)
play Google form (event registration)
SUPPLIES NEEDED WHEN CREATING GOOGLE FORMS
G Suite account (Google account)
Internet service
STEPS INVOLVED IN CREATING A GOOGLE FORM
Creating a form is a simple process. To make it easier we would section it into three parts
READ ALSO: Is ghanafx.com good for you or you should stay away?
Part 1: Form creation
First visit either forms.google.com or drive.google.com
If you chose forms.google.com, click on the blank page and choose a template
If you are using drive.google.com, click New. A pop up menu would drop.
Select ‘More', then click Google forms from the side menu.
The second step is to provide the name of your form: Locate the top left corner. Click on the ‘template form name' (i.e. if you are using a template) or ‘Untitled form' (for a black page) and enter a new name.
You may choose to add additional information to your form. This could be a description ( done below the form name) or change the background theme and colour (click ‘colour palette' and choose)
play Creating google form
Part 2: Customize your form (Add questions)
Templates already have some questions provides already. All you need to do is edit to suit your purposes. This would be further demonstrated in Part 3. Follow these steps to add questions to your blank file.
READ ALSO: How to apply for a US visa in Ghana
Click on ‘Untitled question' and enter your question. This would prompt suggestions based on your question. You can make changes to your question type. Add response options required/ mandatory questions Click ‘Add question' to add a new question. Click ‘Duplicate to add a copy of the existing copy.
play Google form (adding questions)
Part 3: Customize your form (Edit questions)
Select a question, and apply these changes if you want.
If your questions have not appeared in the order that you want, you can drag to rearrange it. Delete questions easily To add a description or shuffle through your answer order, click ‘More'. To access settings Add images to your questions and answers here. Also add your videos (YouTube) here.
play Google form (edit questions)
Your form is now complete and ready to be sent out. But you can also preview and make changes to settings pertaining to your form.
These are some of the changes which are available in settings;
Limit people to response/fill the form only once.
The option where respondent's email addresses are collected.
Limit the audience/ respondents of your form.
Allow respondents to change their answers after submitting them.
Allow others to see a summary of the responses.
Effect a response receipt.
Please to not forget to after changes. Click ‘Save' to effect this.
ARLINGTON, Texas — Rangers reliever Tony Barnette has gone on the 10-day disabled list with a right shoulder strain a day after leaving a game in the middle of a batter.
Barnette had an MRI on Wednesday, though the team didn't immediately reveal or know the results of the exam.
Working the eighth inning in a 5-3 loss to the Houston Astros on Tuesday night, his second inning of the game, Barnette felt something different in his shoulder on his first pitch to Marwin Gonzalez. Barnette (2-0) threw two more pitches before exiting the game.
Texas recalled right-hander Chris Martin from Triple-A Round Rock. Martin was optioned to the minors on Tuesday, but was able to come back before 10 days by replacing a player on the DL.
The number of ladies playing at the Coffs Harbour Golf Club have increased thanks to an introductory program the club is forging ahead with.
The number of ladies playing at the Coffs Harbour Golf Club have increased thanks to an introductory program the club is forging ahead with. Brad Greenshields
AFTER a successful first year in 2017, Coffs Harbour Golf Club is starting up another series of ladies' beginner Golf Workshops.
Last year 20 women undertook the program, with 17 of them now a part of the club's regular ladies' competitions and social functions.
The chance to join them begins at 10am on Tuesday with an information session and morning tea.
Head professional Matt Allan said his workshops were perfect for women who really wanted to play but didn't have the confidence yet to join in competitions.
"When you start out, particularly for the ladies, it can be a bit intimidating as it's not just the swing but there's also learning the rules and etiquette as well," Allan said.
"We make the introduction to golf in a fun environment with a group of ladies who are usually all at the same level.
"What we've found with the first group is that it's such a social thing. A lot of the ladies are now going out together socially as well as playing together a couple of times a week."
Allan added Tuesday's morning tea would allow interested women the opportunity to ask questions and give them a chance to dip their toe in the water.
Those who can't attend can phone the pro shop on 6652 3244.
The workshops will be held every Tuesday from either 8.30-10am or 10.30am-noon in three six-week stages throughout the year.
A new spot to score ramen and more has opened its doors. The newcomer to Fulton Market, called Ramen-san , is located at 219 N. Green St.In addition to offering bowls on the menu at its River North flagship, the new location gives customers a few new ramen options -- including the Spicy Yuzu, with smoked chicken thigh, enoki mushroom and molen egg; and the Katsu Curry, with a fried pork cutlet and soft-boiled egg.The rest of the menu is littered with favorites, all served with wavy noodles, like tonkotsu ramen with chashu pork and molten egg in the traditional tonkotsu broth; Imperial Shio, which features a vegetarian broth with molten egg, tofu and nori; and the Sumo Bowl, with chashu pork, wontons and a spicy crushed egg. Diners can customize their bowls by throwing in some add-ons, like buttered corn or fried chicken.A selection of raw dishes, buns, chicken wings and dumplings is also available. Or, stop by the credit-card only establishment after 10 p.m. for the Late Night Fried Rice.So far, Ramen-san has earned one five-star review on Yelp.Jordan R., who was the first Yelper to review the new spot on May 24, said, "Cool new ramen spot in Fulton Market. We started with the fried chicken bun and it was incredible. The bread is super soft, and the chicken wasn't too fried. The sauce on it was really good."Head on over to check it out: Ramen-san is open from 4 p.m.-midnight on Sunday-Thursday, and 4 p.m.-1 a.m. on Friday and Saturday.
Ahoy me hearties! Are your kids pirate-mad? Budding buccaneers have everything they could wish for in a pirate-themed weekend for all the family.
Cromford Mills is the place to be on August 19 and 20 if you want to meet pirates, their parrots and have a day of swashbuckling adventure on the high seas. Look for buried treasure on Skeleton Island, hold a parrot, set sail aboard the Jolly Roger and make a pirate or mermaid peg doll or your own pirate's hat, take part in pirate-themed games which all the family can enjoy or enjoy a pirate boat trip (Saturday only, departing 11am and 2pm). Why not enter into the spirit of the weekend and dress up as a pirate to be entered into a prize draw? There will be face painting, a model railway exhibition (11am to 4pm), Arkwright Spinsters (Sunday only, 11am to 4pm) and guided tours. The fun runs from 10am to 5pm.
For more details, visit www.cromfordmills.org.uk
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Raheem Sterling claims Manchester City are being “butchered” by the Premier League's hatchet men.
And he fears the vicious tackles could cost someone their World Cup place.
Sterling's fellow wide-man Leroy Sané is is out for up to two months because of a horror tackle by Cardiff's Joe Bennett in the FA Cup last weekend, while Brahim Diaz was lucky to escape injury after another shocker in midweek by Matt Phillips of West Brom.
“I think the referees and officials need to cut these tackles out because as you can see, some of the players are getting butchered out there and it's sad to see,” said the England forward.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“I find it a bit unfair at times.
I feel that we haven't been protected enough in certain situations. I think some of the challenges have been awful.”
The World Cup starts in June, and Sterling is worried one of these horrific tackles could cost someone their chance of going to Russia.
“It's not what I expect to see in a top-flight football match — especially when teams are losing and just go out to kick players,” he said. “I don't think that's right.
(Image: PA Wire)
(Image: AFP/Getty)
“I do think we need to cut down on that because we've got a World Cup at the end of the season and majority of the players in the top flight, and in our team, will be playing in it.
“It would be sad to see someone miss the tournament due to a silly tackle and someone gets away with it.
“These tackles can happen, but it can't be every game where we're getting two players coming in with injuries.”
A group of paedophile hunters have been forced to issue an apology after they confronted a suspected paedophile and live streamed it on social media - only to later realise the man was innocent.
Protecting the Innocent approached the man on his doorstep in Leeds recently and accused him of contacting the group's 'decoys', who pose as underage girls online.
They live streamed the confrontation on social media and then passed their suspicions on to police.
West Yorkshire Police ask paedophile hunting groups to cease activities
The group's Facebook page has over 26,000 followers.
However, they have now admitted the 'sting' was a mistake and that the victim was not the same man who had been sending messages to the decoys.
Leeds paedophile hunters forced to defend tactics
They posted a statement on their Facebook page, which is open to the public.
"Mr ______ was pending police investigation after our sting. As we further investigated ourselves we discovered in fact we had stung the wrong person. Mr ______ who was shown on camera is NOT the man contacting us and other decoys as we suspected. We are now in process of contacting the police, his family and all other known associated people that came forward to clear this man's name.
"From all of us at Protecting the Innocent - if we can assist in any way please do not hesitate to contact us. No amount of apologies will fix what has happened and we cannot turn back time. However we will continue to clear your name.
"We profusely apologise for all inconvenience and distress caused during this time, and if we can assist you in any way please let us know and we will work with you to right this horrible wrong."
Watch dramatic moment man is snared by paedophile group
West Yorkshire Police have in the past raised concerns about the activities of vigilante groups, whose actions can often jeopardise court cases. A statement from the force read:
"We would always encourage members of the public to report any illegal activity relating to child sexual exploitation which they come across online.
"While the force does of course share concerns regarding the internet activity of potential child abusers and the danger they present, it must be stressed that the activity that ‘paedophile hunter' related groups seek to engage in, is the responsibility of law enforcement agencies.
"West Yorkshire Police fully investigates all allegations of child sexual exploitation and has dedicated, specialist safeguarding officers in all our policing districts.
We urge members of such 'exposure' groups not to carry out this activity and instead to report suspected offences in West Yorkshire to the force via 101 or the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111."
Reports can also be made online to CEOP at https://ceop.police.uk/safety-centre/
OSAGE COUNTY – Law enforcement authorities in Osage County are investigating a case of illegal hunting, trespassing case and asking the public for help to identify suspects.
Just before 11:30 a.m. Saturday Kansas Game Wardens received a report of two shots fired from a newer white extended cab or crew cab Chevy pickup on Vassar Street just north of 229th Street in Osage County.
The pickup left the scene after the shots were fired then shortly after a car returned and a subject was dropped off and they ran into the field where the turkey was shot.
The subject was not able to recover the turkey and he wasn't seen again.
Wardens recovered Tom turkey and two spent shotgun shells at the scene.
Anyone who can help our wardens identify the suspects in this case are asked to call Operation Game Thief at (877) 426-3843. You can remain anonymous.
None
Kids in cars sized just right for them made their way down Commerce Street for the annual Smyrna-Clayton July 4th Parade. John Jankowski
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ikea is recalling some of its cooking equipment over fears that it could kill.
The Swedish furniture company is urging its customers not to use one of its gas hobs because it could be pumping too much carbon monoxide into homes.
It has announced there is a fault with the Eldslaga hob and told its customers to stop using the "rapid burner" found in the top right corner on versions bought before January 1 this year.
The recall is just a "precautionary measure" and the company says there have not been any incidents relating to the fault so far.
(Image: IKEA)
It also said there was no increased risk to fire or explosion.
The hob is sold in 21 other countries in Europe announcement comes after an investigation by the Belgian market surveillance authorities.
The hob was found to release emission of carbon monoxide which were above European Union limit levels.
(Image: IKEA)
It says to repair the fault a home visit by a service technician is needed but that it is free of charge.
The company statement said: "Due to a human error at the supplier the wrong gas injector was installed resulting in CO emissions above European Union nrequirements.
"CO is a poisonous gas that has no smell or taste.
(Image: IKEA)
"Symptoms of carbon monoxide poisoning can include headache, nausea, dizziness, tiredness, stomach pain and can in very extreme cases lead to death."
Ikea said while the rapid burner should not be used, the other burners are safe to use.
They have asked customers to call 0203 645 0010 to book a time for a repair.
It also apologised for "any inconvenience this may cause".
Now that the dust has settled from the July 1st free agent frenzy, the NHL is entering its slow season. The Montreal Canadiens entered the free agent period with hopes of adding a centre or two to make the team competitive after a disastrous season. Unfortunately, Habs general manager Marc Bergevin was dealt a dose of a reality in free agency. Unable to attract any marquee free agents, the Canadiens and Marc Bergevin were forced into a rebuild.
Rebuilding was never the plan. The hope for some was to land the big fish, John Tavares. There were some that even hoped they could bring in Paul Stastny to bridge the gap until some of the Habs prospects are ready to make the NHL jump. Bergevin and the Canadiens found themselves on the outside looking in after Tavares and Stastny wouldn't even negotiate with them. The Canadiens had also been linked to a Ryan O'Reilly trade. Those negotiations fell apart, and the Buffalo Sabres traded him to St. Louis. All hopes of a quick turnaround were dashed.
Bergevin then turned his attention to what he does best, acquiring depth. He signed several players on July 1st, however, most of them are bound for the AHL. Players of note brought in were Tomas Plekanec and Xavier Ouellet. The Canadiens are, as of right now, going into the 2018-19 NHL season with essentially the same roster as last year. Expectations are at an all-time low.
Embrace The Rebuild
So with Marc Bergevin striking out with the big free agents, he was almost forced to go the rebuild route. The first sign was a deal he made with the Winnipeg Jets. Bergevin used his sizable cap space to take on the contract of Steve Mason while also acquiring Joel Armia and some draft picks. This is the type of move Bergevin should be looking to make throughout the season. Looking to acquire prospects or draft picks in exchange cap relief. Its a tried and tested method of stockpiling future assets. Rebuilds can be painful and the Habs faithful will need to be patient.
The Elephant In The Room
While the Canadiens now seem to be in a rebuild (no matter what Bergevin wants to call it) there is something that can throw these plans out of whack. Carey Price and Shea Weber. These two players are good enough to cover up a lot of warts on this team. Price had a disastrous 2017-18 season. It was probably the major reason for the Canadiens struggles last year. Still, if Price regains his Vezina Trophy form, he will keep the Habs in most games. Habs fans have seen how Price can carry the Canadiens to the playoffs and even a division title. Along with a healthy Shea Weber, the Canadiens could find themselves in a middling position or even fighting for the playoffs.
A playoff push is exciting, but most will acknowledge that the Canadiens are far from being a legitimate contender. A playoff push, unfortunately, is probably the worst thing for this team in a rebuild. With Price and Weber in the fold, the Canadiens might be too competitive for their own good.
The OTHER Elephant In The Room
Canadiens captain Max Pacioretty has been the subject of trade rumours for the better part of six months. Still, as of July 4th (Happy Birthday USA), he is still on the Canadiens roster. The Habs seemed resigned to trading Pacioretty, who has one year left on his current contract (and is due a healthy raise starting in 2019-20). Still, the longer this drags out, the worse it will be for the Habs. Last year was very difficult for Pacioretty. He seemed to lose his scoring touch, posting his worst season since 2010-11. On top of that, a knee injury sidelined him for the final six weeks of the season. After not being moved at the trade deadline, he admitted that all the rumours were affecting him.
The Habs need to move on if that is what they are resigned to doing. If this situation drags on into the season it will become a huge distraction. If it ends up effecting Pacioretty's play then it will impact his value on the trade market. This is one move Marc Bergevin needs to nail.
Nice Drafting
Based on what the experts think the Canadiens have had two very good drafts. The team has stockpiled prospects to what was a very shallow prospect pool. Where the Canadiens have very little in the way of centre prospects the team now has an abundance of prospects down the middle. Last year, Ryan Poehling, and Joni Ikonen were drafted, 2014 draftee Jake Evans had another strong season at Notre Dame and was signed. The Canadiens also inked 2016 draftee Lukas Vejdemo and added undrafted free agent Alexandre Alain. At this year's draft, the Canadiens decided to invest heavily in the position selecting six centres. Most notably third overall pick Jesperi Kotkaniemi.
While things right now are looking positive, time for a small dose of reality. While the Canadiens are being applauded for their drafts the past two seasons, the reality is this. Of the 18 players selected in the past two drafts chances are the Habs should expect four or five to develop into everyday NHL players. That's not to say some won't develop into top-flight players, but not every player is going to reach their potential. In fact, most won't. It's just the harsh reality of drafting.
No Short Cuts
These two drafts are steps in the right direction for sure, but it's not enough to be the whole process. If we look at other teams that went down the rebuild route, their core was built up over several drafts. The Pittsburgh Penguins can trace the routes of their Cup's back to the 2000 NHL draft, where they selected Brooks Orpik in the first round. However, the real core of their team was selected between 2003 to 2006 where they took Marc-Andre Fleury, Evgeni Malkin, Sidney Crosby and Jordan Staal in successive drafts.
The Chicago Blackhawks success can be traced back to the 2002 draft where they selected Duncan Keith in the second round. In 2003 the Blackhawks excelled with Brent Seabrook in the first, Corey Crawford in the second and Dustin Byfuglien in the eighth round. in 2004, the Hawks had 17 picks and picked Dave Bolland and Bryan Bickell in the second and Troy Brouwer in the seventh. Then in 2006 and 2007, the Blackhawks picked Jonathan Toews and Patrick Kane.
It would be foolish for the Canadiens to think that after two solid drafts that the future is set. If this rebuild is serious, then the Habs need to stockpile as many draft picks and prospects as they can. It takes several years of building to become a contender. And while by all accounts its a good start, it can't be over.
Take Advantage
The notion of rebuilding is hard for some to fathom. Watching your team struggle can be very difficult. If the Habs are honest about their new transparency, then they should just tell the media and fans that the pain is coming. It will be easier to take than receiving mixed messages from the team. While the team is stocked with young players, for this to be a true rebuild, they would need to move on from their cornerstones Price and Weber. Right now, that doesn't seem to be something that's on the table, so this might never be a ‘true' rebuild.
The plan might have been to sign Tavares. His refusal to even consider the Habs should be taken seriously by the owner and general manager. And while it stings now, it could be a blessing in disguise. The Habs have never really gone through a rebuild. Going through this summer rejection might just be the slap in the face the franchise needs to realize the lore of the CH is not what it used to be. This organizational hubris has clouded the judgement of many general managers.
The Habs need to take advantage of this rejection and look to improve themselves. It's going to take some time. It's going to be hard to watch at times. But it is short-term pain for long-term gain. The only question is this: Can the people running the Habs pull this rebuild off?
Main Photo via Getty Images.
Related
View the original article on Last Word On Hockey: Montreal Canadiens, Marc Bergevin Forced Into Rebuild
BOISE, Idaho — Chandler Hutchison scored 21 points, Justinian Jessup added 18 more and Boise State held on in overtime Saturday night for a 93-91 win over UNLV.
Boise State (19-4, 9-2 Mountain West Conference) held UNLV scoreless for nearly three minutes in overtime, jumping out to an 88-82 lead behind Christian Sengfelder's layup and 2-for-2 shooting from the line by Marcus Dickinson and Hutchison, but had to scramble down the stretch as the Rebels closed in over the final two minutes.
Brandon McCoy's 3-pointer with 25 seconds left cut the gap to 90-89 and UNLV (16-7, 5-5) again pulled to within a point on a pair of free throws from Jordan Johnson with six seconds to go. Jessup then went 1 for 2 from the line to set the final score and McCoy missed a layup at the other end as time expired.
Lexus Williams and Dickinson got 12 apiece and Sengfelder had 10 to help the Broncos get the season sweep. Hutchison also dished out eight of Boise State's 17 assists.
NATIONAL
In the May 2, 2017 file photo, a TV screen shows images of US President Donald Trump, left, and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a news program at the Seoul Railway Station in Seoul, South Korea. Tensions between the United States and North Korea tend to flare up suddenly and then fade away almost as quickly, but the latest escalation won`t likely go away quite so easily.(AP)
Joint Chief Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford, center, departs following a news conference at US Army Garrison Yongsan, Seoul, South Korea, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. The top US military officer told his counterparts in South Korea on Monday that the US is ready to use the "full range" of its military capabilities to defend itself and its allies from any North Korean provocation. (AP)
North Korea said Tuesday that leader Kim Jong-un was briefed on his military's plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam as part of an effort to create “enveloping fire” near the US military hub in the Pacific.The comments, while typically belligerent, are significant because they appeared to signal a path to defuse a deepening crisis with Washington over a weapons program that is seen as having the ability to be able to send a nuclear missile to the US mainland.During an inspection of the army's Strategic Forces, Kim praised the military for drawing up a “close and careful plan” and said he would watch the “foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees” a little more before deciding whether to give an order for the missile test, the North's official Korean Central News Agency said.Kim said North Korea will conduct the planned missile launches if the “Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean Peninsula and its vicinity” and that the United States should “think reasonably and judge property” to avoid shame, the news agency said.Lobbing missiles toward Guam would be a deeply provocative act from the US perspective. US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the United Sates would take out any such missile seen to be heading for American soil and declared any such North Korean attack could lead to war.Kim's comments, however, with their conditional tone, seemed to hold out the possibility that friction could ease if the United States made some sort of gesture that Pyongyang considered a move to back away from previous “extremely dangerous reckless actions.”The United States and South Korea plan next week, however, to start annual defensive military drills that the North claims are preparation for invasion.On Monday, Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford held a series of meetings with senior South Korean military and political officials and the local media. He also made comments that appeared to be an attempt to ease anxiety over tit-for-tat threats between President Donald Trump and North Korea while also showing a willingness to back up Trump's warnings if need be.Dunford, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said the United States wants to peacefully resolve tensions with North Korea. But Washington is also ready to use the “full range” of its military capabilities in case of provocation, Dunford said.Dunford is visiting South Korea, Japan and China after a week in which Trump declared the US military “locked and loaded” and said he was ready to unleash “fire and fury” if North Korea continued to threaten the United States.The Korean People's Army's Strategic Forces said last week that it would finalize by mid-August a plan to fire four intermediate ballistic missiles near Guam, which is about 3,200 kilometers (2,000 miles) from Pyongyang, and send it to Kim for his approval.The North Korean plans to fire near Guam are based on the Hwasong-12, a new intermediate range missile the country successfully flight-tested for the first time in May. The liquid-fuel missile is designed to be fired from road mobile launchers and has been previously described by North Korea as built for attacking Alaska and Hawaii.The North followed the May launch with two flight tests of its Hwasong-14 ICBM last month. Analysts said that a wide swath of the continental United States, including Los Angeles and Chicago, could be within reach of those missiles, once perfected.The latest Korea Central News Agency report said Kim ordered his military to be prepared to launch the missiles toward Guam at any time. If the “planned fire of power demonstration” is carried out because of US recklessness, Kim said it will be “the most delightful historic moment when the Hwasong artillerymen will wring the windpipes of the Yankees and point daggers at their necks,” the news agency reported.North Korea is angry about new United Nations sanctions over its expanding nuclear weapons and missile program and annual military drills between Washington and Seoul beginning later this month that Pyongyang condemns as invasion rehearsals.Kim said that the United States must “make a proper option first and show it through action, as it committed provocations after introducing huge nuclear strategic equipment into the vicinity of the peninsula” and that it “should stop at once arrogant provocations” against North Korea, the Korean Central News Agency said.Trump has declared the US military “locked and loaded” and said he was ready to unleash “fire and fury” if North Korea continued to threaten the United States.South Korean President Moon on Monday called for a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff, saying that “there must not be another war on the Korean Peninsula,” according to his office.In a meeting with top aides at the presidential Blue House, Moon said South Korea would work to safeguard peace on the peninsula in cooperation with the United States and other countries. Moon said North Korea must stop issuing menacing statements and provocations. (AP)
The publication last week of the list of presidential staffers for 2017 submitted to Parliament has revived the intense public debate over the size of government. The 2017 list shows a total of 998 persons employed at the Presidency. The Ghana Center for Democratic Development (CDD-Ghana) has taken due cognizance of the fact that the published list covers both civil/public servants and presidential appointees serving under various designations at the Presidency. Nonetheless, the Center finds the trend towards locating or attaching a large number of workers and staffers to the presidency deeply worrying.
The Center is especially disappointed at the President's decision to continue this trend of overstaffing at the Presidency, given the public concerns raised over his appointment last year of 110 Ministers and Deputy Ministers. CDD-Ghana is also disappointed that neither the Council of State nor Parliament has seen fit to rein in this growing indifference of successive administrations to the fiscal cost of a super-sized presidential staff and retinue. Although the role of the Council of State in the staffing of the Presidency is, under the applicable statute, only consultative, the point of inserting the Council in the process is presumably to enable it counsel the President in its staffing decisions, including, we would expect, in the size, where it appears excessive.
Similarly, the point of statutorily requiring the President to submit a list of the employees at the Presidency to the Parliament on an annual basis is not merely for the sake of informing Parliament but to enable Parliament, on the basis of that information, to raise any appropriate questions and concerns it might have over staffing with the Presidency. This is an especially important role for Parliament, as staffing numbers have direct fiscal implications.
CDD-Ghana finds unpersuasive the defense that the listed presidential office personnel all play different and necessary roles at the Presidency. In the case of the civil service personnel, it is not clear why many of the agencies for which they presumably work must be located at the Presidency.
A good number is functionally best situated within one or the other existing Ministry or Department. In some other cases, it is not at all clear why those agencies must continue to exist. With regard to the political staffers, one notices from the list a large number of personnel with vaguely defined and unclear roles as well as many instances of a duplication of roles. Not only does this tend to undermine efficiency and discipline in the running of the Presidency, it also undermines the credibility of the President's pledge to protect the public purse by ensuring judicious use of scarce state resources.
With the President championing a ‘Ghana Beyond Aid' agenda, a vision many Ghanaians appear to have embraced, there is widespread expectation that the Presidency would lead the way toward that noble goal by signaling through its conduct an end to profligacy and an exceptional commitment to economy in the expenditure of public resources.
CDD-Ghana is equally unpersuaded by the argument that the size of the President's political staff is justified because the President has a big agenda to push through. We do not believe that the size of a party's or president's election manifesto must necessarily determine the size of its government. Such a proposition, if accepted, would lead us down an untenable path, as parties and presidential candidates would be motivated to outdo one another in a “manifesto war” and, then, once elected, proceed to justify their super-sized staffs as necessary to prosecute their grand manifestos.
CDD-Ghana believes that, for effective governance and long-term development, including continuity in implementation of government programs and programmes, what the country needs, and what successive governments must invest in, is not more and more short-lived partisan appointees at the Presidency but a strong, capable, well-staffed, efficient, and disciplined civil service, at both the national and subnational levels. Omitting to rebuild the capacity of our weak civil service and choosing, instead, to place reliance on party cadres is not in the ultimate best interest of the country, as it over-politicizes the business of government and demoralizes and further weakens the capacity of the public administration.
In light of the foregoing, CDD-Ghana urges:
- Parliament, in the immediate term, to review the list submitted by the Presidency and demand additional information and clarity as to the precise roles and duties of the many political personnel listed with uninformative and vague job titles as well as require a disclosure of the salaries and emoluments attached to the listed positions. In the medium to long term, Parliament must review the Presidential Office Act, along with the Civil Service Act (as amended), with a view to depopulating the Presidency of the many needless agencies that currently fall within its organogram.
- The Council of State to take its consultative role seriously and counsel the President appropriately concerning overstaffing at the Presidency, including the associated fiscal costs and the unfavourable perception it creates of profligacy in the conduct of the business of government at the seat of the Presidency.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Malika Haqq was missing from tonight's final - despite the rest of her ex-housemates being present.
However host Emma Willis insisted that she would be turning up - eventually - as she revealed the reason why.
This evening, India Willoughby , Rachel Johnson, Maggie Oliver , Andrew Brady, Jonny Mitchell , Daniel O'Reilly, Genuwine, Ashley James and Amanda Barrie had all turned up to watch the winner crowned.
Yet the Kardashians star was "running on LA time" and was being fashionably late.
Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has been the largest investor in the SoftBank Vision Fund, contributing almost half of the money Son has been raising to accelerate his dealmaking around the world. Photo: Reuters
Tokyo: Billionaire Masayoshi Son may be getting closer to achieving his dream of making SoftBank Group Corp. the world's biggest investor in technologies. The reason has to do with the main patron of Son's $100 billion investment plan, Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
The Saudi prince has been the largest investor in the SoftBank Vision Fund, contributing almost half of the money Son has been raising to accelerate his dealmaking around the world. And since November, Prince Mohammed has been at the centre of an unprecedented purge of officials and political rivals in the oil-rich nation, leading to a consolidation of his power.
A stronger Prince Mohammed could mean steady flows of Saudi money into the fund, which allows SoftBank to make investments without adding to its heavy debt load and offering the potential for those investments to generate revenues to pay down the burden. At the same time, any unforeseen reversal in the prince's fortunes may raise questions about the sustainability of his investments.
“Saudi Arabia has money to invest, meaning that it has the potential to sponsor the second, third Vision Fund,” said BNP Paribas SA's chief credit analyst Mana Nakazora, who added that having a more influential Prince Mohammed increases that possibility. Saudi Arabia has committed $45 billion to the fund, making it the largest investor.
Increase influence
With the Vision Fund, SoftBank's billionaire founder Son is looking to increase his influence as a tech investor, wagering on the future of artificial intelligence, connected devices, and the integration of computers and humans. The fund has raised at least $93 billion so far. In addition to the Saudi money, it had gathered $28 billion of SoftBank's own money plus an additional $20 billion from other investors.
“I think you have to be aware that the guy who is winning in Saudi today is Mr. Son's friend who desperately wants the Vision Fund to help diversify Saudi Arabia's economic future” away from oil, said Richard Kaye, a portfolio adviser at a Japan unit of Comgest Global Investors S.A.S., which holds around $165 million of SoftBank shares.
Mitsuhiro Kurano, a SoftBank spokesman, declined to comment on the Saudi events and potential effect on SoftBank investments.
Prince Mohammed, in a statement when the Vision Fund was announced in October 2016, noted “the long history, established industry relationships and strong investment performance” of SoftBank and its founder.
SoftBank plans to invest as much as $25 billion in a new megacity the Saudi prince is building on the Red Sea coast and the state-controlled Saudi Electricity Co., people familiar with the matter said last month.
Chinese finance
Elsewhere, the fund is looking into investing in businesses owned by Chinese insurer Ping An Insurance (Group) Co., including Lufax, China's largest online-financing company, and another business that offers AI-powered services for financial companies, other people with knowledge of the deals said last week. The fund has also agreed to invest $450 million in Compass, which is building an Internet-based real estate platform, the New York-based company announced.
For bond investors, the fund may offer peace of mind. SoftBank now has ammunition to undertake deal making for some time without adding much to its liabilities, said Nakazora at BNP Paribas.
The company's interest-bearing debt totaled 14.7 trillion yen ($130 billion) in the quarter ended September, according to its earnings data. S&P Global Ratings has a junk rating on SoftBank in part because of its “heavy debt burden and heightened financial leverage” amid big acquisitions and investment, the rating firm said in September.
Some Japanese brokerages and investors have recently begun asking Japan Credit Rating Agency about whether the crackdown in Saudi Arabia could hit the firm's creditworthiness, said chief analyst Akihisa Motonishi. JCR rates SoftBank as A-, four levels above junk.
“Because a lot is happening in the country, people are naturally wondering whether there is any risk to SoftBank,” he said. If SoftBank's initial fund investment ends up tripling in value, “that would be positive for their credit” because the firm could use it to pay down its debt, Motonishi said.
Saudi security forces arrested princes, ministers and former top officials on 4 November, in a development that analysts said would help Prince Mohammed consolidate his power. Son, in a news conference two days later, was unfazed.
“Because the fund is affiliated with the inner circle of the Saudi government, there will be no impact at all,” Son said.
While the collapse of merger talks in November between SoftBank's US wireless unit Sprint Corp. and T-Mobile US Inc. dented gains in the Japanese company's shares, they remain up 22% so far this year.
Walking away
A risk for SoftBank is the possibility of the Saudis walking away from the fund, Motonishi said. It would be especially negative for the firm's credit if it began to borrow to fill in the hole, a scenario that he called very unlikely.
Even if the Saudis withdrew, other investors would likely jump in on expectations that the fund would generate high returns, said Yoshihiro Nakatani, senior fund manager at Asahi Life Asset Management Co. in Tokyo. “I've been hearing that there are many who want to invest in the Vision Fund” if there is room, he said. SoftBank said earlier this year that it had delivered a 44 percent rate of return over the preceding 18 years on its investments in internet companies.
Saudi ties
Son isn't the only one in Japan wooing Saudi Arabia. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and King Salman have been trying to strengthen bilateral cooperation through a package of initiatives announced in March. Japan wants to export more to Saudi Arabia in addition to buying its oil, whereas the Middle Eastern nation wants cutting-edge Japanese technologies to reduce its reliance on oil.
Japanese firms including Toyota Motor Corp., synthetic fibres maker Toyobo Co. and engineering service provider JFE Engineering Corp. have exchanged memorandums of cooperation with the Saudis, according to Japan's ministry of economy, trade and industry. Bloomberg
Aetna And Humana Call Off Merger After Court Decision
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jessica Hill/AP Jessica Hill/AP
Health insurance companies Aetna and Humana have called off their planned merger, citing a federal court ruling last month that blocked the deal.
"While we continue to believe that a combined company would create greater value for health care consumers through improved affordability and quality, the current environment makes it too challenging to continue pursuing the transaction," Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini said in a statement.
Aetna announced it would pay Humana a $1 billion fee for backing out of the agreement. Humana announced about $370 million of that would be paid as taxes.
In January, a federal judge ruled against Aetna's proposed acquisition of Humana in a victory for former President Obama's Justice Department, which sued Aetna last year.
As we reported:
"The suit alleged that the merger would hurt competition in the health care market, leading to higher prices for consumers and fewer services for Medicare patients. "U.S. District Judge John Bates found that to be the case, writing in his decision that, 'the merger of Aetna and Humana would be likely to substantially lessen competition in markets for individual Medicare Advantage plans and health insurance sold on the public exchanges' in 364 counties. "Medicare Advantage plans are privately run but reimbursed by Medicare."
In his decision, Judge Bates also spent considerable time discussing the motive behind Aetna's decision to withdraw its insurance plans from 17 counties where Aetna and Humana both sold plans on the public exchanges.
As NPR's Scott Hensley reported, a letter leaked to reporters last summer indicated Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini had tied his company's decisions about participating in the exchanges to the Justice Department's decision on the merger.
Bates rejected Aetna's claim that it had withdrawn its insurance plans for business reasons, writing that, "Aetna tried to leverage its participation in the exchanges for favorable treatment from DOJ regarding the proposed merger."
That leveraging clearly didn't work — the DOJ sued Aetna and, with Bates's ruling and today's announcement, decisively won.
The termination of the Aetna-Humana deal comes less than a week after another federal judge blocked a proposed merger between health insurance companies Anthem and Cigna.
On Feb. 8, U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson ruled that the Justice Department's opposition to the Anthem-Cigna deal was well-founded, and that the merger would reduce competition in the health insurance market and raise prices, as we reported.
Anthem said it was appealing the decision, The Wall Street Journal reported.
TWEED Byron Local Aboriginal Land Council is "gobsmacked" after Tweed Shire Council ignored their concerns about not participating in the Crown Lands Negotiation Program.
While a rescission motion has been submitted, council last month voted 4-3 in favour of not working alongside Crown Lands during its Land Negotiation Program currently underway across the state, which would have potentially allowed a possible land transfer into the care of Tweed council.
During Thursday's council meeting, Tweed Byron LALC CEO Leweena Williams said she was surprised they had not been consulted ahead of council's decision to not work with Crown Lands in acquiring more land for the region.
"We're a bit gobsmacked as to council's decision," Ms Williams said.
"There are social and economic benefits that can be designed from this program. We feel that there was no discussion with Tweed Byron LALC. Our relationship (with council) is 20 plus years and this decision is a bit contradictory, especially after we've just signed up to the reconciliation plan."
While Ms Williams accepted councillors' apologies, council's executive manager of people, communication and governance Suzanne Richmond warned council of the repercussions of not participating in the program.
In response to a question by Cr Pryce Allsop about the impact of council not making any future acquisitions from Crown Lands, Ms Richmond said some of the projects that would be impacted included the new coastal cycleway at Kingscliff, the leasing of Les Burger Fields, the plan of management at Jack Evans Boat Harbour, securing land for the Pottsville Men's Shed and the Tiny Homes project.
"Not participating the Crown Lands Negotiation process has meant that Tweed's land negotiation requests have been re-prioritised below other councils who can more efficiently participate in the process and resolve their Crown Land issues in a bulk process in consultation with Crown Lands and their respective Land Councils," she said.
She said another project that could be impacted by this decision was the potential costs associated with relocating the Banora Point SES, after its lease expired in February 2019.
"Council could have used the Crown Lands negotiation review process to secure the Banora Point site at nil cost and resolved the long term tenure of the SES site at Banora Point," she said.
"It represents the single greatest monetary cost in Council's decision not to participate in the Crown Lands Negotiation process."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
CLASS A District 2/11 Subregional Quarterfinals Monday, May 21
No. 1 Forest City (10-3), bye
No. 5 MMI Prep 5, No. 4 Lincoln Leadership 2
No. 3 Nativity 13, No. 6 Notre Dame-East Stroudsburg 1, 5 innings
No. 2 Tri-Valley (14-6), bye
Semifinals Thursday, May 24
No. 2 Tri-Valley 7, No. 3 Nativity 0
District 2 Championship Subregional Semifinal Tuesday, May 29
MMI Prep 3, Forest City 0
Subregional Championship Wednesday's score
No. 2 Tri-Valley 9, No. 5 MMI Prep 2
●
CLASS AA
Championship Wednesday's score
No. 6 Northwest Area 7, No. 1 Old Forge 4
●
CLASS 3A
Championship Tuesday, May 29
No. 1 Lakeland 4, No. 3 Mid Valley 3
●
CLASS 4A
Championship Wednesday's score At PNC Field, Moosic
No. 2 Valley View vs. No. 1 Dallas, late
●
CLASS 5A Championship Sunday, May 27
No. 1 North Pocono 4, No. 2 Crestwood 2
●
CLASS 6A Quarterfinals Semifinals Wednesday, May 23
No. 3 Hazleton Area 6, No. 2 Delaware Valley 3
Thursday, May 24
No. 1 Williamsport 14, No. 4 West Scranton 2, 5 innings
Championship Monday, May 28
No. 1 Williamsport 4, No. 3 Hazleton Area 3
District 2 Championship Friday, June 1 At Pitttston Area
West Scranton vs. Hazleton Area, 4:30 p.m.
Adaptation is a fundamental environmental thought. It means evolution or evolving.
It implies that nature changes and lives and dies. It means that nature is more like an organism than a thing.
Following Pope Francis, many of us have come to argue that all nature is alive and in a kind of ecological harmony/disharmony with itself.
It is unfair to think of nature as all peace when it also involves disruption. Many of us don't go all the way to the Gaia hypothesis, which imagines that the Earth itself is living and breathing, but we get pretty close.
With St. Paul, we imagine that the body is a holy temple — both a thing and a not-thing, both a subject and an object, both matter and spirit.
We also call church buildings “temples” or “sanctuaries.”
Congregations of all kinds around the country have gone into a new and rapidly accelerating phase.
Our declining memberships have met their match in increasing costs for our buildings. More often, they are just too big for us, resembling nothing more than a tiny turtle in a big shell.
The increased pace in the closing of church buildings has become extraordinary in many towns and cities across the country.
The temples finally have met their match in the buildings. Membership decline has met its match in empty shells for the spirit and the people. Matter and spirit are richly related.
In his 1998 book The Second Coming of the Church, faith researcher George Barna wrote, “Escaping death after entering the decline phase is very difficult — and the longer it stays mired in decline, the less likely renewal becomes.
“The only suitable course of action is for the church to embark on an intentional campaign designed to introduce radical reinvigoration (new vision from God, or the integration of a new core congregation).” Continue reading
Donna Schaper is senior minister of Judson Memorial Church in New York City.
News category: Opinion.
Cleveland TFi 2135 putters: All you need to know!
Cleveland TFi 2135 putters: All you need to know!
Mizuno's new MP-18 range has been designed to find the artist in every player. With three distinct iron models and a new Fli-Hi to choose from, there is greater scope than ever before for better players to mix and match models to create the perfect set for their need.
Grain Flow Forged in the brand's exclusive Hiroshima plant and refined by Mizuno's renowned master craftsmen in YORO Japan, the MP-18shave been inspired by every great player to ‘pure' a Mizuno iron since 1933.
Check out the video to hear our thoughts on these stunning irons.
Read More -> Mizuno unveils new S18 wedges and CLK hybrids
Neymar urged to stop acting, win titles to get FIFA award
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 165 // 04 Jul 2018, 18:46 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
MOSCOW (AP) — After a decade of duopoly, the FIFA-run vote to crown soccer's best player finally seems open to third parties after Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo left the World Cup early.
Neymar must help Brazil lift the trophy next week if he wants to join the greats, according to the World Cup winner who first took home FIFA's top individual award.
Cutting out the play-acting would also help Neymar win votes, 1990 World Cup winner Lothar Matthaeus said Wednesday.
"We need players like Neymar," said the former West Germany captain, who won the inaugural FIFA world player award in 1991. "But not with this acting what he was doing now in each game."
A debate about Neymar faking injury and overreacting to tackles is polarizing opinion between European outrage and Brazilian defense.
Former England forward Alan Shearer called Neymar's behavior "absolutely pathetic" in a British broadcast Monday. Neymar's theatrics distracted from Brazil's 2-0 win over Mexico that took the five-time champion into the quarterfinals.
"The criticism is nonsense," Brazil great Ronaldo told reporters Wednesday. "I am against all these opinions you mentioned. I don't think referees have been protecting him enough."
Ronaldo, a three-time winner of FIFA's best player award, and Matthaeus spoke at a briefing about the individual accolade that Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have won five times each in the past decade.
With Portugal and Argentina both leaving Russia in the round of 16, the award seems open for a new winner to emerge.
"Sure, Neymar — when he will win the World Cup," said Matthaeus. "You have to win titles with your team."
Ronaldo and Messi arrived in Russia after Real Madrid won a third straight Champions League title and Barcelona won La Liga. Neymar's absence since February with a foot injury was barely a blip for Paris Saint-Germain's procession to win the French league.
"It's easy to win the title in France," Matthaeus said. "For me, Neymar this season, he did not show until now he can be the best."
The German great picked out another PSG star, Kylian Mbappe of France, England captain Harry Kane and Croatia captain Luka Modric as potential candidates for the FIFA award when voting opens July 23.
The winner announced in London on Sept. 24 is judged by a vote by national team coaches and captains, plus media from FIFA's 211 member countries, and fans voting online. It is separate from the Golden Ball given to the World Cup's best player.
Ronaldo singled out Neymar as a potential winner — noting that he himself won the FIFA award after an injury-hit season that peaked with Brazil's World Cup title. Ronaldo's eight goals in Japan and South Korea included both in the final, a 2-0 win over Germany.
"The results for Neymar with the national team are incredible and he's still not at his best," Ronaldo said.
Matthaeus suggested an 11th year of Messi-Ronaldo dominance is likely.
"I give them maybe one or two years more," he said, "then there will come a change for this award."
SMITH CENTER – Wendell W. Peterson, age 82, passed away on Friday August 11, 2017 at the Smith County Memorial Hospital in Smith Center. Wendell was born the son of Arlie & Anna (Noble) Peterson on May 29, 1935 in Smith County, KS.
He was a 1953 graduate of Smith Center High School. He was a proud Redmen through and through, being senior team captain of football, played basketball and ran track. He was elected student body president and was in stucco all four years being president his senior year. Wendell was an eagle scout as a young man. He was also a member of the United Methodist Church in Smith Center, KS. He attended Kansas State University until 1955 when he came home to help his father at Peterson motors and his mother at The Dairy Center and Pete's Restaurant. He married Alice Watson in 1955, they later divorced. He later married Jonette Losh in 1988. The restaurant closed in July of 1970, later that year Arlwin Manufacturing was opened and he continued to work in the family business until his retirement in 2014.
He was preceded in death by his parents Arlie & Anna; a brother Gayle; mother in law Dorothy Rody; son in law Mark Howard; and mother of his children Alice (Watson) Nedrow.
Wendell is survived by his wife Jonette of the home; a son Steve (Marcia) of Lebanon, KS; 3 daughters Vicki Howard of Salina, KS, Cindy Chambers of Olathe, KS and Kim Peterson of Atlanta, GA; three stepsons Neil (Brenda) Losh of Concordia, KS, Dr. Troy (Jayna) Losh of Wichita, KS and Dr. Todd (Toni) Losh of Wichita, KS; a stepmother Coleen Peterson of Smith Center, KS; 8 grandchildren, Anthony (Sherelle) Peterson of Lebanon, KS, Ashley Boerner (Ben) of Los Angeles, CA, Stephanie (Chris) Combes of Atlanta, GA, Joe Reinert of Salina, KS, Jamie Chambers of Olathe, KS, Jason Chambers of Olathe, KS, Ischa & Blaze Losh of Wichita, KS ; 9-step grandchildren, Foster, Hayden & Emma Losh of Concordia, KS, Brandon Losh of Cherryvale, KS, Holly Losh of Independence, KS, Heather & Dallas Poe of Altamont, KS, Christopher Howard of Wichita, KS, Dillon Urban of South Carolina and 9 great grandchildren.
Click HERE for service details.
Service members with Norwegian Home Guard arrive at Camp Ripley, Minnesota, to begin the 44th United States/Norway Reciprocal Troop Exchange on Feb. 10, 2017. The Norwegian service members will work with Minnesota National Guard service members to learn how the U.S. Army and Air Force train and about American culture. (Photo by Sgt. Sebastian Nemec, Minnesota National Guard Public Affairs)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.10.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 21:03 Photo ID: 3165515 VIRIN: 170210-Z-OX391-028 Resolution: 4800x2738 Size: 2.94 MB Location: MN, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, U.S.-Norway reciprocal Troop Exchange 2017 [Image 1 of 18], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
This week I wanted to talk about turmeric. That's the bright yellow spice that is used in many Indian dishes. Having said that, it doesn't seem to be exclusive to Indian cuisine, it seems to be everywhere these days. Perhaps, it's just me and my radar which is fine tuned to spot spices. Well, I am Parveen The Spice Queen, after all, so it is in keeping with my job.
Turmeric has been used for centuries by many eastern cultures for its flavour, colour and most importantly its healing properties. Fresh turmeric looks similar to fresh root ginger but it's not easy to find, however turmeric powder is just as good. It is a very mild spice with a peppery flavour and an earthy aroma. Turmeric is said to be a natural anti-inflammatory as it contains curcumin.
Although there is no hard evidence as to how beneficial it actually is - it is widely used by Asian herbalists and housewives to help heal both internally and externally. It can be applied topically as a paste or ingested in many forms including capsules. I, myself am a real fan of it and have personally benefitted from taking it. Ten years ago, I was diagnosed with a tumour, I was quite ill and had to undergo four operations within a year. When my mum came to visit me, she insisted on making me turmeric milk. It actually doesn't taste as bad as you think and to make it more palatable, I like to add a little honey.
Adding turmeric changes the colour of the milk turns a beautiful golden colour, hence sometimes it is referred to as the “Golden Milk.”
OK, I know that was a little heavy, so let's lighten the tone, and speaking of tone, I saw an advert for a new turmeric skin serum that improves skin tone, but surely that would discolour it and not enhance it? Perhaps, that's what Donald Trump uses as a few weeks ago I heard a comedian describe him as “a tupe wearing turmeric-faced old bleep bleep bleep”.
Ok, back to some recipes now. In terms of eating and drinking it, I have also seen recipes for turmeric lattes and teas and a few weeks ago I was talking to a horse breeder who gives his horses turmeric water after a race as it acts an anti-inflammatory - so as you can see, it's not just my spice radar - it does seem to have many uses; a word of warning though, it can stain.
Turmeric Milk
Heat up 200ml of milk, that could be whole or semi skimmed. Add ½ tsp of honey and ¼ tsp of turmeric, stir well and sip as required.
Vegan Alternative
Use soya and coconut milk and add sugar instead of honey
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A sick slave master family has been compared to brutal Bosnian warlords after slashing vulnerable workers with knives and smashing an employee's teeth in.
Reverend Jeremy Cullimore, who helped free runaway slaves, says the notorious Rooney family are as bad as the warlords he met during his Army service in Bosnia.
He said one man held captive for more than 20 years had his teeth smashed out with a concrete block by one member of the Rooney family, was hit in the head with a rake and sign a contract which was 'life binding'.
Rev Cullimore has spoken out after 11 members of the notorious Rooney family were convicted of modern slavery and fraud offences.
(Image: Lincolnshire Live WS)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Operating from sites in Lincolnshire, they targeted victims who were homeless , had learning disabilities or complex drug and alcohol issues.
The 11 gang-members enjoyed holidays to Barbados and cosmetic surgery and even shelled out on a Manchester United soccer school, earned off the backs of their workers.
Gang members also revelled in luxurious holidays to Australia, Egypt and Mexico, high-performance BMWs, spa days and cosmetic surgery.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
The slavery ring was smashed following police raids on traveller sites in Drinsey Nook and Washingborough in 2014, resulting in convictions last week.
Rev Cullimore told Lincolnshire Live that over 2014 and 2015 six escaped slaves were given refuge from the Rooneys through the BeAttitude project at St Mary-le-Wigford Church, along with more than a dozen others who had casual contact with the family and were desperate to severe ties.
He said: "We passed people to the Salvation Army and encouraged victims to talk to the police.
"We operated a day centre at the church and staff from the Nomad Trust would have to come over to escort people from us to the night shelter in Monks Road because the Rooneys' white vans would be waiting in the street. It was like escorting schoolchildren on a trip."
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
He added: "I was shocked at just how violent and evil the Rooneys were. They would go around with Stanley knives and slash people, and stage fights in the camps in order to attack people they had taken a dislike to.
"I'm an ex-Army intelligence officer and I spent some time working with warlords in Bosnia in a liaison capacity.
"There was one guy over there who would get his rocks off by tying people to logs and putting them through a saw mill.
"I would say the Rooneys are as bad as any of the people I came across in Bosnia."
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
The Rev Cullimore added: "One of the things we did for the victims, who were a combination of English and people from overseas, was to restore their paperwork.
"They had had their passports stolen or taken from them and were living in awful accommodation and if you're a stranger in another country that's a hard situation to get out of.
"The victims are not people who would ordinarily speak to the police but with a bit of encouragement they did just that and the police actually listened to them.
(Image: Rex Features)
"I cannot praise Lincolnshire Police enough. They worked very hard with vulnerable victims in getting hold of the information to convict, and that must have taken a lot of time and money."
The Rev Cullimore said the Rooneys were not the only ones involved in modern slavery around Lincoln and he says people are still at risk of exploitation.
He said: "I was aware of another gang in Lincoln that has had its wings clipped as well. Particularly vulnerable are eastern European migrants because they come over here on their own.
"In the old days before they joined the EU, they would come over on a visa to work contracted hours.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
"Now they are paid by the hour they work, so if the weather changes and they can't work on the land for instance, as happened in the bad winter of 2010/11, things can get difficult for them."
Chief Superintendent Nikki Mayo, Senior Investigating Officer for Operation Pottery, which secured the convictions of 11 members of the Rooney family, said: "Modern slavery is a cruel and extremely demoralising crime and it's important that people understand that it isn't just forced labour – victims can be sexually exploited, or forced into committing crimes.
"Although it is often vulnerable people who are targeted, this can happen to anyone. If you believe someone is being exploited please call 101."
How to spot the signs of modern slavery Signs of slavery are often hidden, making it even harder to recognise victims around us. While not exhaustive, here is a list of some common signs which you can be aware of: Physical appearance : victims may show signs of physical or psychological abuse. They may look malnourished or unkempt, or appear withdrawn. Isolation : victims may rarely be allowed to travel on their own or seem under the control and influence of others. They may rarely interact or appear unfamiliar with their neighbourhood or where they work
: victims may rarely be allowed to travel on their own or seem under the control and influence of others. They may rarely interact or appear unfamiliar with their neighbourhood or where they work Poor living conditions : victims may be living in dirty, cramped or overcrowded accommodation, and / or living and working at the same address
: victims may be living in dirty, cramped or overcrowded accommodation, and / or living and working at the same address Few or no personal effects : victims may have no identification documents, have few personal possessions. They may always wear the same clothes. What clothes they do wear may not be suitable for their work
: victims may have no identification documents, have few personal possessions. They may always wear the same clothes. What clothes they do wear may not be suitable for their work Restricted freedom of movement : victims have little opportunity for free movement and may have had their travel documents retained.
: victims have little opportunity for free movement and may have had their travel documents retained. Unusual travel times : they may be dropped off / collected for work on a regular basis either very early or late at night.
: they may be dropped off / collected for work on a regular basis either very early or late at night. Reluctant to seek help : victims may avoid eye contact, appear frightened or hesitant to talk to strangers. They may fear law enforcers for many reasons, such as not knowing who to trust or where to get help, fear of deportation, fear of violence to them or their family.
If you think a person is in immediate danger, call 999.
If you suspect slavery is happening and there is no immediate threat to life, you can report it by calling the Modern Slavery Helpline 0800 0121 700.
More than 100,000 people, most of them civilians, were killed in the Bosnian war between Bosnia's Serbs, Muslim Bosniaks and Croats between 1992 and 1995.
It is believed that around 20,000 women were raped.
Bosnian Serb forces commanded by General Ratko Mladic killed around 8,000 Muslim men and boys after the U.N.-protected enclave fell in their hands in July 1995.
Mladic is now on trial for genocide at the United Nations tribunal in The Hague.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A problem countless parents face – kids spending too much time on cellphones and tablets, watching YouTube and texting friends. Some experts warn parents should keep children away from cell phones until at least eighth grade.
Doctor Sonny Saggar visits KPLR 11 News at Noon to discuss the ‘Wait Until 8th' pledge.
1. What is the 'Wait Until 8th' pledge?
The wait until 8th pledge was started by a group of parents and it is designed to empower all other parents to rally together to delay giving children a smartphone until at least 8th grade. By banding together, this will decrease the pressure felt by kids and parents alike over the kids having a smartphone.
Smartphones are distracting, dangerous and detrimental for children yet are widespread in elementary and middle school because of unrealistic social pressure and expectations to have one.
Parents feel powerless in this uphill battle and need community support to help delay the ever-evolving presence of the smartphone in the classroom, social arena and family dinner table. Let`s band together to wait until at least eighth grade before children are allowed to have a smartphone.
Parents are divided and conquered with the “but all my friends have one” and “you're so mean - no other mom/dad is like you” and words like that. United we stand, however.
Every major carrier makes a basic phone that just calls and texts without a data plan if you believe your child will need to get in touch with you before 8th grade. The wait until 8th pledge is encouraging parents to delay the smartphone. If you would like your child to have a basic phone that just calls and texts, you still can sign the pledge! The basic phone avoids many of the distractions and dangers of the smartphone.
Childhood is too short to waste on a smartphone.
2. Are smartphones addictive? Can you really compare them to drug abuse?
New research shows dependence on your smartphone may produce some of the same addictive brain responses similar to alcohol, drug and gambling addictions.
Smartphones are like slot machines in your children`s pocket constantly persuading them to crave more. The tech industry intentionally designs smartphone apps and social media for people to use for long periods of time because this is how they make their money.
3. Are smartphones an academic distraction?
Elementary and middle school years establish the foundation for your child's academic success. Children learn how to productively manage time, projects and homework.
Introducing a constant distraction with a smartphone is paving a path for academic mediocrity. Studies show that after a child receives a smartphone the child`s grades are likely to suffer. Another study found that children who attend schools with smartphone bans did better on tests.
4. Do smartphones impair sleep?
Studies show that the use of smartphones and other portable devices with screens affects the quantity and quality of sleep in children and teens. Adolescents are likely restless because they anticipate receiving texts and social media messages from friends, which affects their nighttime routine. Some children even wake up in the middle of the night to check texts or social media. Sleep disturbance in childhood is known to have adverse effects on health, including poor diet, obesity, weakened immune system, stunted growth, and mental health issues.
5. Can smartphones interfere with relationships?
Many parents regret allowing their child to have a smartphone because they have experienced the way the smartphone is destructive to relationships. The parent child relationship suffers. Children are often inattentive with the constant distraction the phone brings. Face to face relationships dwindle as children shift their time and energy to investing in their online 'friendships.'
6. Can smartphones actually increase the risk for anxiety and depression?
Children are not emotionally equipped to navigate tricky social media waters at such an early age. Viewing someone else`s highlight reel on social media often leads youth to think they are missing out or are not enough compared with their peers. Research shows that the more time someone uses social media the more likely they are to be depressed.
In addition, when children overuse technology, the constant stimulation of the brain causes the hormone cortisol to rise. Too much cortisol can inhibit a child from feeling calm. The loss of tranquility can lead to serious anxiety orders.
7. Do smartphones put your child at risk for cyber-bullying?
Bullying is no longer limited to the playground or locker room. Bullies seek to harm children through social media and texts often making retreat for the victim impossible. The most common medium used for cyberbullying is the phone. Nearly 43% of children have been bullied online. Only one in 10 victims will inform a parent or trusted adult of their abuse.
8. Do smartphones expose children to sexual content?
Smartphones have enabled children to view pornography anywhere. Pornography marketers intentionally target youth online to lure them to dangerous images and videos. One study showed that 42% of online youth users have been exposed to online pornography. Of those, 66% reported unwanted exposure to pornography often through online ads.
Not only are children viewing sexual content with their phones but they are creating it as well. More and more children are 'sexting' (sending sexual text messages and or explicit images). Also, various apps open the doors to sexual predators seeking to track, groom and harm our children.
9. Do technology executives ban smartphones for their own children, while promoting them to everyone else?
According to a New York Times piece, many technology executives wait until their child is 14 before they allow them to have a phone. While these teenagers can make calls and text, they are not given a data plan until 16. If leaders of digital giants like Google, eBay, Apple, and Yahoo are delaying the smartphone then should this not give us pause? Executives that flourish on the success of technology are protecting their own children from the smartphone.
Should we not do the same? You can start now by taking the pledge to wait at least until 8th grade here at waituntil8th.org.
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says she developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having her kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer.
She said she was told at the time that the mistake was no one's fault and that “medicine is not an exact science.”
Sharon Marson, who now lives in New Brunswick, attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her, and The Ottawa Hospital. Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them, but her lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because she waited too long to pursue it.
Marson's surgery was in August 2000. For most lawsuits, the claim must be issued within two years. Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015.
She said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “I have been the victim of medical malpractice.” Until then, she said, she was not aware there had been malpractice.
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of her service in the armed forces. Tests done after the exam found a “shadow” on her right kidney and she was referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy.
He ordered a series of tests. Based on those, he concluded she had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and her ureter be surgically removed, to which she agreed.
In August 2000, during a post-op consultation, Leahy told her the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was, in fact, benign and that she had a kidney infection and scarring, not cancer.
“Following my nephrectomy, I was told that the pathology report, much to Dr. Leahy's surprise, was not cancer. I had been misdiagnosed. I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue, for which I had had not one symptom,” she said in a court document.
According to court documents, Marson stated that after surgery she had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “false positive result” for cancer and that “tests can be wrong, but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted.”
He added, “Medicine is not an exact science.”
At the time, she said, several people encouraged her to launch a lawsuit, but she declined.
It was only when she was applying for a disability pension, she said, that she read the entire medical file and was struck by an “inconsistency” between what the doctor told her and her husband after the surgery and what the records said.
At the heart of her concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery, which was negative for cancer. Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening. Marson argued that further testing should have been done, in light of that result, before her kidney was removed.
“He never explained to me that he should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and he maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life.”
In court testimony, Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery. He also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to his diagnosis.
Marson, meanwhile, who had been working as a supply technician, said she left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD.
When she underwent a medical exam as part of her release from the military later in 2000, she talked about the misdiagnoses as part of her reason.
“I now know that, at all material times, I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment.” It was only after receiving treatment for them that she was capable of commencing legal action, she said, which is why she waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings.
“I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state.”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment. The Ottawa Hospital released this statement: “The Court was clear in its decision in this case. The hospital cannot speak on behalf of other parties.”
epayne@postmedia.com
(Yonhap)
President Moon Jae-in's approval rating continued to suffer a slight drop last week, a poll showed Monday, amid growing concerns of an armed conflict sparked by North Korea's missile threats.In a poll conducted by Realmeter, 71.8 percent of 2,542 voters surveyed said they approved of the president's management of state affairs, down 0.7 percentage point from a week earlier.The weekly survey was held Monday through Friday. The survey had a confidence level of 95 percent, with a margin of error of 1.9 percentage points.The latest reading also marked the second consecutive week of decline.The continued fall apparently follows North Korea's repeated missile threats, with the latest threat involving the US-controlled island of Guam that has prompted heated reactions from US President Donald Trump.The US leader warned the communist state will be met with "fire and fury" should it continue to make threats against the United States, sparking concerns of a conflict on the Korean Peninsula.Earlier reports noted South Korea's market capitalization plunged 4.4 percent or by $67.7 billion in just three days last week, amid an apparent exodus of foreign investors.While Moon's approval rating shrank, the number of people who disapprove of the president's management of state affairs increased 0.4 percentage point to 21.3 percent.The ruling Democratic Party's approval rating slipped 0.8 percentage point to 49.8 percent, dipping below the 50 percent mark for the first time in 12 weeks.The main opposition Liberty Korea Party, on the other hand, enjoyed a 0.4 percentage point rise to 16.9 percent, marking the second consecutive week of gain.The progressive Justice Party and the splinter conservative Bareun Party saw their approval ratings increase 0.8 percentage point and 0.4 percentage point, respectively, to 6.5 percent and 6.2 percent.The liberal People's Party scored the lowest 5.4 percent, down 1.5 percentage points from a week earlier. (Yonhap)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The man found dead at the popular landmark Cheddar Gorge near Bristol has been named by the coroner.
Emergency services were called on Wednesday, April 18 after the body of a man was discovered.
The man has now been named as 44-year-old Matthew Henry West, Somerset Live reports.
Paramedics, fire crews as well as the police and coastguard were all called after the body of a man was discovered last week.
(Image: Patrick J L Davies)
The area where the body was found is known as landslip quarry, according to its owner, the National Trust.
(Image: Patrick J L Davies)
The senior coroner for Somerset, Tony Williams, confirmed the 44-year-old found dead at the Somerset beauty spot resort was found on a ledge about 30 feet up from road level.
(Image: Patrick J L Davies)
An interim post-mortem report has confirmed Mr West died from multiple injuries. An inquest is set to be opened into his death which is not being treated as suspicious.
(Image: Patrick J L Davies)
Avon and Somerset Constabulary were called to Cheddar Gorge at 12.06pm on April 18 to reports of a body on a ledge at the side of the Gorge.
A cordon was put in place while they carried out investigations.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
He held it together as he reminisced about the Busby Babes and how great they would have become had tragedy not cut them down in their prime.
But when he recalled the coffins of his Manchester United team-mates returning to Old Trafford, the glint in Wilf McGuinness 's eyes was replaced by an aching sadness as he fought back tears.
“Even now, it's very difficult,” said McGuinness, reflecting on the Munich air disaster of 1958, which claimed the lives of eight United players and 23 people in total.
McGuinness, 20 at the time, missed the trip because he was injured, having travelled abroad with Sir Matt Busby's United squad on all of their previous European Cup ties that season.
“I was very fortunate to be injured, because I'd been on every trip, and it will never, ever stay out of mind,” recalled McGuinness, ahead of Tuesday's 60th anniversary of the crash.
(Image: Popperfoto)
“It's the No.1 thing that's in my mind - those wonderful lads. The worst experience ever was the plane crash, when players died and some never played again.
“Thinking about how great they were will always stay in my mind. They were extra special and so young when they died.
“They would have been the best-ever United team and they would have won everything.
“The sad thing is there wasn't enough film or footage of them. The fans of today missed them.
“Those players who died were magnificent, some of the best players the club has ever had.
“It was a terrible, terrible time. It was like being in a fog when it happened.
“You think of the ones that went. You don't think of yourself escaping or not going on the trip.
“I'd been on every trip, as a reserve, really, because Eddie Colman and Duncan Edwards were the wing-halves, who were ahead of me.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
“They were magnificent players. Eddie was a Salford lad, a great player and my best pal.
“But Duncan was the best player, strong, with legs like tree trunks. He could hit long balls and short balls – he had everything.”
United were back playing 10 days after the tragedy, a team made up largely of reserve and youth team players beating Sheffield Wednesday 3-0 in an FA Cup tie.
“Some clubs would have gone under,” said McGuinness. “But we had a great youth team and had to bring some of those young lads through early, and bring in some players on loan.”
The tragedy took a huge toll on those who survived it, including United great Sir Bobby Charlton, with the coping mechanism back then simply not to talk about what had happened.
There were no grief counsellors to help them through the trauma and McGuinness admitted the tragedy was off-limits when those players who had survived returned to the fold.
(Image: Popperfoto)
“Obviously we didn't talk about it with them,” said McGuinness, who attended every funeral of his team-mates who died in Munich. “It was mentioned, but only when it had to be
“There must have been many a tear shed, but not openly. They had to carry on. What else could they do?
“Bobby was always a quiet lad, but it knocked him for six. He was a long time ago, but I think about it and I wasn't even on the plane.
“So imagine what they were thinking, the ones who survived?”
Winning the European Cup in 1968, a decade later, provided some form of closure for United, finally laying their hands on the trophy the Busby Babes had set out to win before tragedy struck.
“That helped tremendously and we did think of the players we'd lost,” said McGuinness, by then a member of United's coaching staff after injury forced him to retire at just 22.
“We thought ‘this is for them', not for us. It was special. They made Manchester United, those lads who died that terrible day.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Bristol woman who has worked as a "grid girl" for Formula 1 and ring girl at boxing matches has called the decision to drop them from F1 "crazy".
The debate around the appropriateness and relevance of scantily-clad women at sporting events in an age of supposed gender equality has been raging since Formula 1 bosses followed the Professional Darts Corporation's axing of their 'walk-on girls' a week before, in an attempt to make the sport more "compatible" with family viewing.
Some players and women who work in the roles have hit out at the move, even setting up petitions to have the decision overturned.
Among those protesting is Isabella Worlock, from Withywood, who wants to prevent other sporting associations from following suit.
In an interview with the Bristol Post, the 'grid girl' called it "crazy", and saying it is putting women like her out of a job.
"I am more than a little upset to hear the news that Formula 1 will no longer be allowing grid girls, the world has gone mad," said Isabella, who has worked at the Monaco Grand Prix in the past.
"And I've been hearing that they could potentially ban ring girls as well," said added. "It is putting us out of a job and a hobby that we completely enjoy."
Boxing promoter and Matchroom chief Eddie Hearn has told fans that the boxing industry has no plans to follow in the footsteps of darts or F1 racing in banning their 'ring-card girls'.
However, many have felt the need to speak up in defence of the practice, including model Kelly Brook, despite arguments that it is sexist and perpetuates the objectification of women.
Isabella said she had made a career out of modelling at various sporting and hospitality events since the age of 17 and now, at the age of 21, believes the sports industry is heading in the wrong direction.
“It has been tradition for years and years,” she said. “It just seems like we are going backward in time, it's like women can't be looked at and appreciated anymore."
Isabella said that, in her experience, women in her industry enjoy their job and are well looked-after, well respected and are given life-changing opportunities.
(Image: Prestige Promotions)
“This empowers girls - they love it, they love the cameras and people asking for photos," she said.
“Women have always been looked at as sexual icons and I don't see what is bad about that, that's just my opinion.
“A lot of feminists will completely disagree but we are females and it has always been the case.
"Just because women are showing a bit of belly, leg or cleavage I don't think that's a big deal, it just comes with the job."
Some of the debate after the F1 and darts bans has centred on whether the move takes away a woman's right to do and work as they please.
Isabella still works doing a variety of modelling jobs and hospitality in Bristol and around the world but said she is more and more often coming up against people who view her role negatively.
“I was working at Ashton Gate on the weekend just doing hospitality and holding the doors open for guests. One man stopped me and said 'why are you doing that, are you happy?' I said, of course I'm happy.
"I have made life-long friends doing what I do," she said. "People just wouldn't want to see a man holding a door."
"It's going to come to the point where men can't even wolf-whistle without people going crazy."
White Knoll Breaks Losing Streak, Beats River Bluff 14-10
White Knoll traveled to the Swamp looking to bounce back from three straight losses. The Timberwolves didn't take the lead until the fourth quarter, but held it for the 14-10 win over River Bluff. White Knoll improves to 4-3 on the season and the Gators fall to 2-5.
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we're following for today. 5/29/18 Wochit
Buy Photo Delaware State Police troopers and the department's Forensics Unit investigate what neighbors say was a murder-suicide Tuesday afternoon in the 4000 unit block of Arthursville Road in Hartly. (Photo: Jerry Smith/The News Journal)Buy Photo
Police have released the names of the elderly couple found dead inside their Hartly home Tuesday afternoon.
John James, 87, and his wife, Mary James, 81, died in a suspected murder-suicide, said Melissa Jaffe of Delaware State Police.
Police responded at 11:30 a.m. Tuesday to the 4000 block of Arthursville Road for a check on welfare call, Jaffe said. Officers arrived to find the couple deceased.
The cause and manner of deaths are still to be determined, Jaffe said. The bodies have been turned over to the Division of Forensic Science to undergo autopsies.
Patrol cars and forensic vehicles blocked a view of the home from bystanders Tuesday, but no crime scene tape surrounded it. The bodies could be seen being loaded into the vehicle.
Buy Photo Neighbors across the street from a house in the 4000 unit block of Arthursville Road in Hartly watch as the Delaware State Police conduct an investigation. (Photo: Jerry Smith/The News Journal)
Neighbors congregated in driveways Tuesday as the police investigation continued. They said an elderly couple lived in the house.
Brian McGinnis, 45, said he knew the couple as "good people," but the man suffered from dementia.
"He didn't know who you were when you talked to him," McGinnis said Tuesday, adding that he wasn't surprised by the day's events.
Keith DeFrancesco, 59, has lived across the street from the couple for 27 years and found the couple living there to be nice.
"I am shocked," DeFrancesco said. "Over the years, we would shoot the breeze together."
Buy Photo Two stretchers sit outside a house in the 4000 unit block of Arthursville Road in Hartly on Tuesday afternoon. (Photo: Jerry Smith/The News Journal)
On Wednesday, passersby stopped on Arthursville Road to see where the incident happened. One woman who wouldn't give her name said she often had coffee with Mary James and that she was a very pleasant woman.
Other neighbors walking by the house speculated on what happened, but DSP has been tight-lipped about the cause of death for each.
One neighbor who just found out about the incident on Wednesday said she didn't know the couple but that it was "tragic."
This story will be updated as new information is provided.
Reach Jerry Smith at jsmith17@delawareonline.com. Follow him on Twitter at @JerrySmithTNJ.
DELAWARE NEWS
Surprise: Woman gives birth outside of Dewey Beach hotel
Newark Police: Man fired gun during fight near University of Delaware campus
Vince's Sports Center to remain open as deal with Lidl falls apart
​​​​​​​
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/05/30/hartly-victims-suspected-murder-suicide-identified/656641002/
Russian Journalist Said To Be Killed Shows Up At News Conference Very Much Alive
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sergei Supinsky/AFP/Getty Images Sergei Supinsky/AFP/Getty Images
Updated at 11:32 a.m. ET
The Russian journalist who was said to have been killed yesterday in Kiev, Ukraine, turned up very much alive at a news conference today.
Громадське Телебачення YouTube
In a wild turn of events streamed live, Arkady Babchenko was introduced to applause and gasps from the reporters in attendance.
"I'm still alive," Babchenko said, apologizing to friends and family who believed that he was dead, The Associated Press reports.
"Special apologies to my wife," he said, according to the BBC, though it's not clear what his wife knew.
On Tuesday, Kiev police told reporters that Babchenko had been shot multiple times in the back at his apartment and had died from his injuries. His wife was said to have found him bleeding from his wounds. Police said Babchenko had been targeted for his work.
The head of the Ukrainian Security Service, Vasyl Gritsak, said on Wednesday that his agency faked Babchenko's death in order to set up a sting operation to catch those who were trying to kill him, according to the AP:
"Before ushering Babchenko into the room, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who had been recruited and paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the killing. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn hired an acquaintance who had fought in the separatist war in eastern Ukraine as the gunman."
Babchenko had moved to Kiev in the fall after fleeing Russia, where he was a prominent war correspondent who in recent years had become fiercely critical of the Kremlin.
Writing last year in The Guardian, Babchenko described how a Facebook post he'd written about the Russian bombing of civilians in Aleppo, Syria, was deemed insufficiently patriotic and led to a systematic campaign against him. In Kiev, he has been a television host on a Crimean Tatar network.
In 2016, investigative journalist Pavel Sheremet was killed when a bomb exploded his car. The case is unsolved.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Visitors sit on a tour bus in Tumon, Guam Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Tourists haven`t been deterred from visiting the tropical island of Guam even though the US territory has been the target of threats from North Korea during a week of angry words exchanged by Pyongyang and Washington. (AP)
HAGATNA, Guam -— Tourists haven't been deterred from visiting the tropical island of Guam even though the US territory has been the target of threats from North Korea during a week of angry words exchanged by Pyongyang and Washington.Chiho Tsuchiya of Japan heard the news, but she decided to come anyway with her husband and two children. “I feel Japan and Korea also can get danger from North Korea, so staying home is the same,” said the 40-year-old.Won Hyung-jin, an official from Modetour, a large South Korean travel agency, said several customers called with concerns, but they weren't worried enough to pay cancellation fees for their trips.“It seems North Korea racks up tension once or twice every year, and travelers have become insensitive about it,” Won said. His company has sent about 5,000 travelers to Guam a month this year, mostly on package tours.The US territory has a population of 160,000, but it attracted 1.5 million visitors last year. One-third of Guam's jobs are in the tourism industry.Guam is a key outpost for the US military, which uses it as a base for bombers and submarines.The island's sandy beaches and aquamarine waters make it a popular getaway for travelers from Japan and South Korea. Guam is only about three hours by plane from major cities in both countries.The number of South Korean travelers in particular has been growing lately because five low-cost airlines started flying to Guam from South Korea, said Antonio Muna, the vice president of Guam Visitors Bureau. This helped boost arrival figures to a 20-year high in July, Muna said.The threats came in a week in which longstanding tensions between the countries risked abruptly boiling over. New United Nations sanctions condemning the North's rapidly developing nuclear program drew fresh ire and threats from Pyongyang. President Donald Trump responded by vowing to rain down “fire and fury” if challenged. The North then threatened to lob missiles near Guam.Kenji Kikuchi, 39, arrived from Japan last week and planned to leave Tuesday as scheduled. He was aware of the threat from reading the local newspaper and was a little worried. But he said North Korea's missiles would fall in the water not on Guam. His 8-year-old son and 4-year-old daughter weren't concerned.“They talk about it, but they don't care about it. So they like the sea and the pool,” he said.The Guam Visitors Bureau has heard reports of cancellations, but Muna said it doesn't yet have any concrete figures on how many took place. Officials are still expecting a strong August, Muna said.“Japan and Korea make over 90 percent of our arrivals. And they're much closer to North Korea than Guam is,” Muna said.The agency has been relaying assurances from the governor and defense officials that Guam is protected and safe, he said.Trump told Guam's Republican governor the global attention would send more tourists to the island.“You're going to go up like tenfold with the expenditure of no money,” he told Gov. Eddie Calvo in a telephone conversation Calvo posted Sunday on Facebook. Trump said he'd been watching scenes of Guam on the news, and “it just looks like a beautiful place.”At a news conference Monday, Calvo said that Guam is in a “normal state of readiness and its business as usual.”There is “no change in security threat levels.”He told the reporters that “we are defended and will be protected.”(AP)
BY MADDIE TOPLIFF
When prospective students receive informational brochures from Drake University, one of the most promoted aspects of campus is the lively and colorful Painted Street, which dawns on the sidewalk just north of Cowles Library. However, for students visiting campus last week, the beloved Drake landmark seemed to have vanished from view.
On April 12, a handful of Student Activities Board (SAB) students volunteered part of their afternoon in order to cover Painted Street in white in preparation for the annual street painting that occurred on Friday.
“White-washing” is a less-publicized Drake tradition but is vital to the overall success of Relays week. Each year, the street becomes a blank canvas, giving 56 student organizations the chance to show off their group for a calendar year by painting a sidewalk square that corresponds with the selected Relays theme.
Last year's theme was “Like Never Before,” and some SAB members like Joanna Drake and Relays committee co-chair Meghan Mulligan were sad to see the squares of 2017 disappear.
“I'm a little biased, but the Delta Gamma square was hard to paint over,” Mulligan said. “But I didn't let anyone else paint over it; I wanted to paint over it.”
Drake was especially attached to the Lambda Kappa Sigma pharmacy fraternity square that featured a detailed depiction of Peter Pan flying near London's Big Ben.
“It was really awesome, I was just like ‘No! We should probably just keep it!'” she said.
Apart from the slight sentimental hardship, Drake said that it was a physical challenge to cover up the old paint.
“It was hard, actually, because you would try to paint over it and get it done, but it kept chipping, so it wouldn't let you paint over (the street),” she said with a laugh.
Although it was hard to let go of the past designs, Drake sees an importance behind starting fresh each year.
“People that are in the club change every year, so it shows the growth of the club,” Drake said. “Maybe they have new members, so they can feel included.”
The 2018 Relays theme is “Life in the Fast Lane,” and Mulligan was the mastermind behind it. She could not wait to see how organizations incorporated the theme into their designs, especially because it is not the easiest theme for every organization to utilize.
When Drake hears the phrase “Life in the Fast Lane,” she thinks of either the Eagles' 1976 song or cars from the “Fast and Furious” series, with flames emblazoned on the sides.
As far as being relevant to the campus, the theme could be a comment on the busy culture that Drake students tend to partake in.
“Everyone at Drake is so busy – their lives are on 10,000 speed-wise … and even though we have a lot on our plates, we still have time for fun,” Drake said.
White-washing and Painted Street are only the beginning of a full week of Relays events put on by SAB and Drake Athletics.
KINGSTON, Ont. — Police say a man officers found covered in blood and windshield washer fluid told a gas station attendant to call 911 before he began a violent outburst.
It's alleged the man went to the Kingston, Ont., gas station around 3 a.m. on Tuesday, began kicking the door and told the attendant to call 911.
Police say he then allegedly started throwing jugs of washer fluid, smashing them off the store and ground.
Police say the man, covered in blood, sweat and washer fluid, was smashing another container when officers arrived.
QUETTA: At least six policemen were martyred and seven other injured in a suiside attack on a police van at airport road in Quetta, on Tuesday, AajNews reported.
According to ISPR, in another incident two suicide bombers were killed who were trying to attack Frontier Corps (FC) check post before they could explode their vests, in Mian Ghundi area of Quetta.
Eight FC personnel were wounded in the exchange of firining.
The security forces have cordoned off the blast area and further investigations are underway.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESTERFIELD, MO (KPLR) - Older drivers are encouraged to take part in a safety course designed to keep them and others safe on the road.
The course, hosted by the American Association of Retired Persons, will be held at the Chesterfield Police Department Wednesday, April 19 from 9 am to 1 pm.
Chesterfield Police Sgt. Keith Rider said as drivers get older, their driving skills and familiarity with the road can change.
“Some people had their last driving test, maybe 50 years ago,” he said. “A lot has changed, over that time, from what's inside the car. Just from a manual to an automatic transmission. All the different computer devices, that are involved in cars now. And the roads have changed, yes.”
Sgt. Rider said the most common problem associated with older drivers is confusion over foot pedals.
“The most serious crashes we have had involving elderly drivers has been mistaking the brake for the gas, or the gas for the brake,” he said.
In February, a driver who was parking outside a Great Clips Salon made that mistake, stepping on the gas pedal. The car plowed into the salon. No one at the salon was injured.
Participants do not have to be AARP members to participate.
Those individuals who graduate from the course may be eligible for a discount from their auto insurance carrier.
The fee for AARP members is $15. Non-members may attend for $20.
Reservations are required and can be made by calling (636) 537–3000 or email Officer Chadwick Meyer at cmeyer@chesterfield.mo.us.
A woman was sexually assaulted in an apartment in the 500-block of West Oakdale Avenue.
A 46-year-old man was charged Tuesday in the sexual assault and robbery of a woman in her home in Chicago's Lakeview neighborhood.Alexander Carter, of the 200-block of West 74th Street, was arrested after police said he was identified as the person who attacked the 23-year-old victim.Police said she met Carter at a bar Saturday night. He allegedly sexually assaulted her in her apartment in the 500-block of West Oakdale Avenue around 12:01 a.m. Sunday. After the assault, police said he stole some of her things, including her cell phone, and ran.The woman was transported to the hospital for treatment, where her condition stabilized.Carter was charged with aggravated criminal sexual assault and aggravated robbery indicating her was armed, both felonies. He was also charged with theft of lost or mislaid property and reckless conduct, both misdemeanors.He is due in Bond Court Tuesday.
It might seem like a long ways away, but the 75th annual Golden Globes, hosted by Seth Meyers, will air in only a few short weeks on Jan. 7, 2018 on NBC. Now that we're a month away from the action, the nominations are rolling in, and they're certainly something to be excited about.
The nominees were announced Monday morning in two waves, with the second set revealed during NBC's Today show.
Did your favorites make the cut? See the nominees below to find out.
RELATED: Our Top 10 Best Dressed Women at the 2017 Golden Globes: Do You Agree?
Best Motion Picture – Drama
Call Me By Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I, Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Motion Picture – Animated
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Coco
Ferdinand
Loving Vincent
Best Motion Picture – Foreign Language
A Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama
Jessica Chastain, Molly's Game
Sally Hawkins, The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Meryl Streep, The Post
Michelle Williams, All the Money in the World
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Timothée Chalamet, Call Me By Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis, Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks, The Post
Gary Oldman, The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, Esq.
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Judi Dench, Victoria & Abdul
Helen Mirren, The Leisure Seeker
Margot Robbie, I, Tonya
Saoirse Ronan, Lady Bird
Emma Stone, Battle of the Sexes
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Steve Carell, Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort, Baby Driver
James Franco, The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman, The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya, Get Out
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige, Mudbound
Hong Chau, Downsizing
Allison Janney, I, Tonya
Laurie Metcalf, Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer, The Shape of Water
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe, The Florida Project
Armie Hammer, Call Me By Your Name
Richard Jenkins, The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer, All the Money in the World
Sam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Director – Motion Picture
Guillermo del Toro, The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Christopher Nolan, Dunkirk
Ridley Scott, All the Money in the World
Steven Spielberg, The Post
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture
The Shape of Water
Lady Bird
The Post
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Molly's Game
Best Original Score – Motion Picture
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The Shape of Water
Phantom Thread
The Post
Dunkirk
Best Original Song – Motion Picture
“Home,” Ferdinand
“Mighty River,” Mudbound
“Remember Me,” Coco
“The Star,” The Star
“This Is Me,” The Greatest Showman
Best Television Series – Drama
The Crown
Game of Thrones
The Handmaid's Tale
Stranger Things
This Is Us
Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Blackish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud: Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake: China Girl
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Jessica Biel, The Sinner
Nicole Kidman, Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange, Feud: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon, Feud: Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon, Big Little Lies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Robert De Niro, The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law, The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan, Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor, Fargo
Geoffrey Rush, Genius
Best Performance by an Actress In A Television Series – Drama
Caitriona Balfe, Outlander
Claire Foy, The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Deuce
Katherine Langford, 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale
Best Performance by an Actor In A Television Series – Drama
Jason Bateman, Ozark
Sterling K. Brown, This Is Us
Freddie Highmore, The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk, Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber, Ray Donovan
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Pamela Adlon, Better Things
Alison Brie, GLOW
Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae, Insecure
Frankie Shaw, SMILF
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Anthony Anderson, Blackish
Aziz Ansari, Master of None
Kevin Bacon, I Love Dick
William H. Macy, Shameless
Eric McCormack, Will & Grace
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Laura Dern, Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd, The Handmaid's Tale
Chrissy Metz, This Is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer, The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley, Big Little Lies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
David Harbour, Stranger Things
Alfred Molina, Feud: Bette and Joan
Christian Slater, Mr. Robot
Alexander Skarsgard, Big Little Lies
David Thewlis, Fargo
NATIONAL
Kim Hak-ui (Yonhap)
Former Vice Justice Minister Kim Hak-ui is likely to be reinvestigated on sex crime charges, of which he had been cleared in 2013, as the Justice Ministry views the previous decision as an apparent misjudgment.A special independent panel at the Ministry of Justice looking into past rulings recommended Tuesday a probe into Kim's case in which he was accused of multiple charges, including rape, bribery and narcotics use. The committee, which was established by the Moon Jae-in administration in December, has been reviewing past cases to see if there had been any irregularities in reaching a verdict.In 2013, police at the time suspected Kim, who resigned over the scandal soon after his appointment as vice minister in March 2013, of having received sexual services in return for business favors.According to the investigators, local construction contractor Yoon Joong-cheon had provided high-ranking figures, including Kim, with sexual services at his vacation home in Wonju, Gangwon Province, between 2006 and 2008. The case was made public at the same time that video footage appearing to show intimate encounters between Kim and others at a vacation house went viral.Months into the case, however, the prosecution cleared Kim of the alleged crimes in November 2013, citing lack of evidence.In last week's episode of MBC's “PD Notepad,” a victim who claimed to have been at the scene in the video clip was interviewed.The victims said the Kim and Yoon forced themselves on them, and added that they threatened to release the video if the victims did not follow their orders.Kim currently heads his own law firm.The independent panel also advised a prosecution inquiry team to review three more past cases that may have been mishandled due to the prosecution's abuse of power.The 12 cases recommended for reinvestigation include a suspected forgery case, in which a North Korean man was charged with espionage on evidence offered by the state spy agency in 2013. The evidence from the National Intelligence Service turned out to have been concocted.By Jo He-rim (herim@heraldcorp.com)
How to stay safe from shark attacks this summer
﻿﻿
ABC News- As you hit the beach for some fun in the sun over the Fourth of July, remember to be mindful of sharks.
Each year there are anywhere between 70 to 100 shark attacks worldwide, resulting in about five to 15 deaths, according to the Florida Museum of Natural History at the University of Florida.
The most unprovoked shark attacks last year were in the U.S., the museum said. Within the U.S., most shark attacks occur in Florida.
Here are some tips for how to stay safe according to former Green Beret and survival expert Terry Schappert.
Stay calm
If you see a shark, don't thrash or scream, Schappert told ABC News in 2015. Just turn around, get out of the water and tell everyone else to get out, he said.
Sharks pick up vibrations and smells, but they can't see you most of the time, Schappert said.
“The more you flail around … [the sharks] are very attracted to that,” Schappert said.
Have a plan
Every beach-goer should have an evacuation plan, which includes knowing where the closest hospital is, Schappert said.
“Just think in your head, what would happen … if someone you love just got bit? What now?” he said. “Don't be paranoid, but have a procedure. Think about how you'd get out of the water, then think about … the chain of what would happen next.”
“Try not to freak out,” Schappert added. “But know it's a possibility.”
Know first-aid
Most shark bites are on the limbs, according to Schappert, and when a shark's mouth hits a swimmer's arm or leg, “it's bound to sever an artery.”
“Shark bites are not smooth — they're jagged — which makes the wound worse,” he said. And the more jagged the wound, the more it will bleed, so it's important to know first-aid.
“The best thing you can do for that person is to stop the bleeding,” Schappert said, which, if the victim is a bit on a limb, means applying a tourniquet.
A great white shark is seen here in this undated stock photo. STOCK PHOTO/Shutterstock
Two male great white sharks swim off of Isla de Guadalupe, Mexico in this undated stock photo. STOCK PHOTO/Getty Images
Warning signs are placed along the beach to warn swimmers and surfers of recent shark sightings in San Clemente, Calif., May 23, 2017. Reuters via Newscom, FILE
Schappert took ABC News' Matt Gutman swimming in shark-infested waters near the Bahamas in 2014.
To properly learn how to fend off sharks, Gutman pulled on 15 pounds of chain mail armour, and then put clothes on top to simulate real people's finding themselves stuck in shark-infested waters after a plane or a boat crash.
Gutman and Schappert then did what experts say not to do: flapping around in waters where sharks were feeding, wearing regular clothing.
While they were in the water, Schappert's advice to Gutman was to:
Slow down your movements
Fast movements give off the signal of prey, he said. Also conserving energy is key to survival in the above scenario.
Team up
If there are two people in the water, Schappert recommended treading water back to limit the spheres of control by half, to 180 degrees each.
Fight back
If the sharks begin attacking, fight them off, Schappert said.
He recommended striking the sharks using quick, downward punching motions.
“All you can do is fight and let them know, ‘I am not going down easy,'” Schappert told Gutman.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ric Flair's management have called on fans to pray for the hospital-bound WWE legend, sparking fears his life could be in danger.
It emerged on Monday morning that the 68-year-old had been admitted to deal with "tough medical issues".
CEO of his management team, Melinda Morris Zanoni, took to social media to call for support for the stricken star.
She wrote: "Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair? If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues."
Zanoni had revealed on Sunday that Flair was in hospital for "routine monitoring".
"Yes, Ric in hosp 4routine monitoring. No reason2panic. Yes,many thx2his fiancé&hospstaff. No excuses Ric wld want u2go out 2nite NaturBoy style!"
Flair wrote in his book, Ric Flair: To Be the Man, about his battle with alcohol-related heart issues, with early reports suggesting he is struggling with a similar condition.
For those who like to plan early for St. Patrick's Day, tickets are on sale now for a 2019 holiday show in Northampton.
The Red Hot Chili Pipers will play the Academy of Music in Northampton on March 11, 2019. Tickets are available online through aomtheatre.com or by calling (413) 584-9032 ext.105.
The Red Hot Chili Pipers are a 9-piece rock band consisting of pipers, guitarists, keyboards and drummers who combine arena rock anthems with an authentic Celtic flair.
They are the self-proclaimed "Most Famous Bagpipe Band on the Planet."
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Girl Scout cookie ad, The Tribune,Feb 3, 1968
Feb. 3, 1968
Carbondale Marine helps evacuate city in S. Vietnam
Marine Capt. James Coolican, a native of Carbondale, was placed in charge of the evacuation operations of the city of Hue, South Vietnam.
In a dispatch from UPI, Coolican was quoted as saying that over the previous two days, 100 men, both dead and wounded, were evacuated from Hue.
The North Vietnamese began attacking Hue on Jan. 31 as part of the Tet Offensive.
Coolican was the son of Mrs. Joseph Coolican of Pike Street in Carbondale.
State aids school libraries
The Scranton School District was notified it would receive $33,212.87 from the state Department of Public Instruction for use in the district's elementary school libraries.
The allotment was to be spent on the purchase of books and audio-visual materials for the libraries.
Girl Scout cookies on sale
Local troops of Girl Scouts sold cookies on five floors of the Globe Store in Scranton. A box of cookies cost 50 cents, and available flavors were vanilla, assorted sandwich, chocolate mint, peanut butter and almond.
Movies playing locally
“Valley of the Dolls” at the West Side, “The Ballad of Josie” at the Center Theatre, “Walt Disney's The Happiest Millionaire” at the Comerford, and “The Good, The Bad and The Ugly” at the Strand.
BRIAN FULTON, library manager, oversees The Times-Tribune's expansive digital and paper archives and is an authority on local history. Contact Brian at bfulton@timesshamrock.com or 570-348-9140.
Nokia 3310's advert will make you feel old...
Meet Cassie, the 'ostrich' robot that could soon
Google's new doodle is an INTERACTIVE GAME
Snake is back! Have a look at the revamped iPhone
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nokia could bring back one of its most beloved handsets over 16 years after it was first launched, according to a new report.
The Nokia 3310, released in 2000, sold 126 million units worldwide, making it the world's best-selling mobile phone.
It achieved cult status due to its impressively long battery life, durability, and the addictive game Snake II.
Now HMD Global, the Finnish company with the exclusive rights to market the Nokia brand, is reportedly planning to release a revamped version of the classic phone.
(Photo: Hull Daily Mail)
A person briefed on the company's plans told VentureBeat that HMD Global would unveil the handset at Mobile World Congress (MWC), the world's biggest mobile trade show, which takes place in Barcelona at the end of February.
The new 3310 is expected to cost €59 (£50) - significantly less than its original price of £129.
News of the possible release has been met with a mixed response, with many expressing excitement over the return of a "beloved friend":
However, others are sceptical that such a basic device will be able to survive in the age of the smartphone:
As well as the revamped 3310, HMD Global is also expected to unveil three new Android phones at MWC - the Nokia 3, 5, and 6.
All of these are thought to be fairly low-cost smartphones, aimed at the Chinese and Indian markets.
Several times during the day and sometimes at night, 77-year-old Jeong-Suk Cha has to put her 48-year-old son Alex in a sling.
She's a shade under five feet tall, slight, maybe 120 pounds. He's about 180 pounds and must be moved carefully.
Like countless other Ontario residents — so many a $100-million class-action suit has just been launched against the province — Jeong-Suk often has to work alone.
First she glides a lift over top of Alex, places colour-coded straps around his body, and pushes the button that lifts the straps and sling.
She then pushes him: to bed, from bed; to the toilet, from the toilet; to a lounge chair, from a lounge chair, to his wheelchair, from his wheelchair.
He spends a lot of his time in his motorized wheelchair, and when he slumps a bit too far, his mother has to reach from behind and pull him up. That recently gave her a four-month stint of bruised ribs.
“I used to say, only age is a number,” says Jeong Suk, her English slightly broken inside a soft Korean accent.
“But now,” she says about her struggles, “the age is right.”
Someone has to stay with Alex 24 hours a day, and despite considerable help from his sister Jin Cha, friend Michael Kerr, and personal support workers, the bulk of the work has fallen to the elderly Korean woman.
“I always talk to him now, ‘Before I die you have to . . .'” Jeong-Suk says but cannot finish because her face bows in tears.
Alex Cha, 48, is lowered to his bed by his mom, Jeong Cha, 78, and guided by his sister, Jin Cha, at their north London condominium on Tuesday, April 11, 2017. (MIKE HENSEN, The London Free Press)
Alex, who has cerebral palsy and spinal cord damage, is on a wait list for a bed in a residential care facility.
Only in the most superficial ways can it be called a wait list. Or perhaps a wait list in the deepest of ways.
Those who run agencies supporting severely physically disabled adults call it the 50-year wait list. If there are 50 people on the list, chances are you're waiting 50 years to get the support you need.
Years of frustration over waiting for services has boiled over recently, with calls for change in the Ontario legislature and a week ago, a class-action lawsuit filed by Toronto law firm Koskie Minsky.
The lawsuit seeks $100 million in damages for negligence, claiming the Ontario government denies services to developmentally disabled adults through wait lists administered in an “ad hoc, inconsistent and unreasonable manner.”
The inconsistency is apparent in the South West Local Health Integration Network that oversees provincial health-care spending in a region stretching from Tobermory to Lake Erie, and Newbury to Stratford.
If you're a senior or an adult with moderate physical disabilities, you qualify for a personal support worker. Even in this category, there are 296 people in the local LHIN waiting for help.
If you're between 18 and 21 with medically complex needs, you qualify for one of 12 beds available across the entire region.
If you're an adult, not a youth or yet a senior, you have even dimmer prospects.
Officials with the South West LHIN acknowledge they don't have a handle on the number of medically complex or developmentally delayed adults seeking residential care or how many spaces are available.
“The South West LHIN began working with our partners in 2014 to develop a more comprehensive assisted living model that could support people with more complex medical needs or fragility to live in the community. This type of model is far more intensive and requires 24/7 on-site staff with specialized training,” Michael Barrett said in a written response to questions.
“We do not yet have the fulsome monthly reports available to us to give us more detailed information on the number of referrals, client characteristics or wait list data.”
Last year, Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dube released a report critical of Ontario's care of developmentally disabled adults including those with cerebral palsy. At the time, there were 9,700 people waiting for residential care across the province.
In the South West LHIN, London's Participation House has 40 spaces available, and 60 to 90 on the waiting list.
That's where Alex would like to go.
The brief outline of Alex's story first came to light three weeks ago when London West New Democrat MPP Peggy Sattler held a news conference at Participation House, then raised the issue in the legislature. Health Minister Dr. Eric Hoskins promised to look into the matter, but acknowledged Ontario's disabled residents need more help.
At the news conference, Alex's sister and tireless advocate, Jin Cha, spoke for an allotted two minutes.
She invited The Free Press to take a closer look at the family's challenges, in an effort to push for the province to provide more housing for adults with complex physical disabilities, like her brother.
“Alex has a sharp brain but he's trapped in that body,” she says in interviews at the condo he shares with their mother.
Born with cerebral palsy, Alex was an active person for a long time. But he fell in 2004 while brushing his teeth, and suffered neurological and spinal cord damage.
He spent the summer in Parkwood Institute and after, Jin moved to the family house for a while to help her widowed mother look after him. They put a stair glide, porch lift and grab bars in the home to help.
They also put Alex on a wait list for a bed at Participation House.
Over the next 13 years, Alex suffered more falls, including one in 2015 that put him back in Parkwood and left him with a loose bone pinching on his spinal cord, the loss of almost all mobility, and the threat of one more fall killing him.
The family sold their home, and moved Alex and his mother into a condo apartment.
Jin lives in the same building, with her nephew, whom she persuaded to join in the family round-the-clock care.
“We do try to focus on the positive,” Jin says in a visit marked by laughter as well as tears. She often takes a break from telling the story to put a hand on her brother, tease him and confirm with him what she's saying.
The doctors, the personal support workers, the people she's been hounding at the LHIN are all kind, she says.
But looking after Alex takes a lot of work. Jin is the organizer. She has created a binder with 69 pages of photographs showing each step of his daily exercises. Another binder for personal support workers contains five sections, toileting (with 64 photographs and instructions), extra clothes to show where they are kept, getting him out of bed (37 photographs with instructions), washing routine (23 pages) and breakfast (five pages).
“He cannot direct his own care. He can't verbally tell someone something.”
A full-time teacher, Jin figures she spends an average of two hours each day organizing personal support worker schedules, doctor's appointments, regular blood tests and other chores. She's the one who makes sure he continues to get the assessments to stay on the wait list.
Alex is allowed a personal support worker for 90 hours a month, although Jin has fought hard enough to get that bumped up to 140 until the end of April.
The only time her mother can get out of the house or take a break on weekdays is during a four-hour personal support worker visit. On Sundays, she rushes to church and back while the family helps.
The rest of the days, suffering from arthritis herself, Jeong-Suk has to do Alex's physio and massages, wash his clothes — sometime soiled — make his meals, brush his teeth, turn him so he doesn't get bed sores, scratch him when he's itchy, shower him and on and on.
“I can't get her recharged. She doesn't know what that is,” Jin says.
As her mother ages, Jin has stepped up efforts to get Alex into residential care.
“We are a private family, but we can't keep quiet anymore. We don't have a voice.”
She has prepared packages of information for the LHIN and The Free Press, including his discharge documents from Parkwood.
“Client should receive total assistance for AM and PM routine (bathing, dressing, grooming, toileting) and feeding.”
The alternative offered to men and women like Alex is long-term care, with seniors.
Alex is not a senior. He spends hours online at night communicating with others.
“He has a sharp brain. Everything works. He tells really bad jokes but he thinks he's funny,” Jin says, turning to smile at him and tap his knee.
When he was told he had to live in a seniors' home, Alex wanted to talk to the family doctor.
Jin starts to cry when she explains why.
“What he's saying is he would rather die than go into a nursing home. It's a death sentence. It's like I'm choosing my mom's life over his.”
In the package prepared for the LHIN is a note from Alex, typed out slowly with the index finger of his one good hand, his right, on his computer.
The thought of going to long-term care: “I rather die if I have to go there. I really need help.”
But the note contains humour as well.
“My family members can't take care of me because they got to work & to be honest their patience is nothing writing home about sometimes.”
In a short visit at his home, Alex's humour often breaks through his damaged body.
It's a sign of the life inside that his family wants to keep alive.
“It's not your fault,” Jin says after detailing the strain on the family. “I'm just trying to be a voice for you.”
Alex tries to say something. I love you, perhaps.
“We'd come and visit you every day,” Jin promises.
Alex roars in laughter, reacting the same way every adult would at that thought.
“Oh God,” he says.
rrichmond@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RandyRatLFPress
Chairman of Parliament's Standing Committee on Public Accounts Themba Godi has called on the Treasury to be more "strident in its condemnation of the Steinhoff scandal than it has been" and called for investigations by SARS‚ the Reserve Bank and the Financial Services Board.
In a statement released on Monday‚ Godi said Scopa called for "accountability" in the Steinhoff corruption scandal‚ and "urgent‚ firm and decisive action to deal with the wrongdoers".
He said Scopa would call Steinhoff executives‚ the PIC‚ the Hawks‚ the South African Revenue Service‚ and the South African Reserve Bank to account in the new year.
"South Africa's reputation is in the gutter because of political and corporate corruption. All progressive and patriotic South Africans must put a stop to these acts‚" Godi said.
John Cena is 41. He's every bit as hated as he is loved. But he's the face of the WWE, he makes millions off his acting career and he's the number one wish-granter of all time for the Make-A-Wish Foundation!!! So listen up, know who you're hating on!!!
Check out John's first ever appearance for the WWE on June 22, 2002!!!
On Tuesday evening, a federal court judge's DACA ruling called out the Trump administration for failing to provide an acceptable reason for ending the program. DACA, or the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, allows undocumented who came to the United States as children to receive renewable reprieves from deportation — and authorization to work in the United States. Back in September, the Trump administration announced it would be ending DACA and characterized the program as unconstitutional. The new ruling, however, means the government will have to keep it alive, unless it can provide a better reason over the next 90 days for canceling it.
As Politico reported, U.S. District Court Judge John Bates ruled that the legal explanation for ending DACA that was provided by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) was not sufficient to justify eradicating the program. As Bates wrote in his opinion (as reported by Politico), "DACA's rescission was arbitrary and capricious because the Department failed adequately to explain its conclusion that the program was unlawful."
Bates is now the third federal judge who has rejected the Trump administration's legal justification for ending DACA. While the administration technically ended the DACA program in March, the government has continued to renew applications for existing DACA recipients, as required by court orders.
According to The Hill, the first two federal judges ruled that DACA must only continue (in the form of offering renewals for existing recipients) until the litigation involving the program wraps up. However, Bates ruled that DACA must not only continue, but that the program must also accept new applicants — something which was not mandated by previous rulings. However, Bates' ruling is stayed for 90 days — the length of time which he has given the Trump administration to improve its legal arguments in the case.
As the Chicago Tribune explained, if the government does not provide a sufficient legal explanation for ending the program within 90 days, then Bates' ruling will go into effect and the “DHS must accept and process new as well as renewal DACA applications.”
As CNN explained, in announcing an end to DACA back in September, the Trump administration had framed the program as illegal. The administration had essentially argued that it was preemptively shutting the program down, before it would inevitably be shut down by the court system. However, as CNN pointed out, thus far no court has found that DACA is unconstitutional. Moreover, DACA proponents assert that Tuesday's ruling further emphasizes that there is no legal issue with the program.
Indeed, Ali Noorani, the executive director of the National Immigration Forum, expressed these sentiments to the New York Times on Tuesday, saying:
This decision verifies the Trump administration failed to prove the DACA program is illegal ... Either President Trump finds another way to end the program, tossing hundreds of thousands of young people into deportation proceedings, or he works with Republicans and Democrats to find a legislative solution that secures our border and ensures Dreamers continue contributing to our economy.
As WRAL reported, around 700,000 individuals have signed up for DACA since it was implemented in 2012. A poll conducted in January of 2018 showed that the vast majority of Americans support those protected by the DACA program. Indeed, the CBS poll revealed that almost 9 in 10 respondents said they believe that Dreamers (the word often used to described DACA recipients) should be allowed to remain in the U.S. if they meet particular requirements, like attending school or working.
The Trump administration has not yet commented publicly on the most recent court ruling. Many, especially Dreamers, will undoubtedly be anxiously waiting to see if and when the government offers new arguments in the case — and whether or not Bates' decision fully reviving the program will actually take effect.
Tropical Storm Nate was gathering force in the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea on Friday as it made its way toward the U.S. Gulf Coast, which was bracing for a potential direct hit Sunday.
The storm has already unleashed heavy rain and flooding over parts of Central America, where several people have died.
In Nicaragua, the death toll reached at least 11 on Thursday, while thousands of people had to evacuate their homes and several others were reported missing, according to Vice President Rosario Murillo. Nate follows nearly two weeks of heavy rain that has saturated the ground there, reports The Associated Press, and Murillo said that the recent rainfall is not part of Nate's storm system.
In Costa Rica, officials blamed the storm for at least seven deaths, AP says. Schools across the country were suspended Thursday because of heavy rainfall.
In Honduras, two young people drowned in a swollen river, while in neighboring El Salvador a man was killed in a mudslide, reports Reuters.
The National Hurricane Center said Nate was located off the coast of Honduras on Friday morning and headed north northwestward at 14 mph. It had maximum sustained winds of around 45 mph, but forecasters said the winds would pick up over the next couple of days and were expected to reach hurricane force by the time Nate reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico.
A hurricane watch was in effect Friday for parts of Louisiana, including New Orleans, while parts of Mississippi and Alabama were under a tropical storm watch.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency Thursday in anticipation of Nate's arrival and is asking President Trump to declare "a pre-landfall state of emergency."
At a briefing Edwards said Louisiana is expected to take a direct hit early Sunday morning, but parts of the state could feel the force of the winds by Saturday evening. Edwards said rainfall could reach six inches in some areas, with storm surge of up to six feet.
It has been a devastating hurricane season, and Nate is an unwelcome reminder that it is not over yet; the season continues until the end of November.
Louisiana National Guard soldiers have already been helping with recovery efforts in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria's aftermath. Now more than 1,000 state guardsmen have been mobilized ahead of Nate, some in New Orleans to monitor drainage pumps, which have already undergone damage.
"We don't anticipate that this is going to cause devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps or the electrical generation down there to pump out that water," Edwards said. But he added, "I'm not going to tell you I am not concerned."
Brian Bowen: ‘They took the game away from me.' Brian Bowen, speaking at the NBA combine, talks about the allegations at Louisville and what this past year has been like. Andrew Ramspacher ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Brian Bowen, speaking at the NBA combine, talks about the allegations at Louisville and what this past year has been like. Andrew Ramspacher
Sunday night, Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown put on a clinic for how to play the position. Brown dissected the Baltimore Ravens defense and was the catalyst to the team's comeback victory. With every huge game he has, he separates himself from the rest of the pack among NFL wide receivers.
But is being the best player at his position and the best player on a team loaded with offensive talent make you a legitimate MVP candidate?
Brown currently leads the NFL in receptions (99) and receiving yards (1,509) and has pitched in nine receiving touchdowns as well. But a case could be made he's not the most valuable guy on the Steelers.
But I want to hear it from you. Should Brown be in the MVP discussion? Cris Collinsworth brought it up during the television broadcast Sunday night after one of Brown's ridiculous catches. A case could be made that minus Brown this team doesn't make the playoffs but it's not hard to make that same case for Ben Roethlisberger or Le'Veon Bell.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Steelers Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
President Sooronbai Jeenbekov signed a decree appointing Farid Niyazov the head of the Presidential Administration, releasing him from his previous post. The Information Policy Department of the Presidential Administration reported.
By another decree, Almazbek Usenov was dismissed from this post in accordance with the notice of resignation.
Farid Niyazov was previously appointed Advisor to the President of Kyrgyzstan. After retiring from the post of the head of the Presidential Administration, he served as a full-time Adviser to the head of state.
Special prosecutors on Wednesday formally arrested a former university president over allegations she gave admission and grading favors to the daughter of President Park Geun-hye's close friend who is at the center of an influence-peddling scandal.
The Seoul Central District Court issued an arrest warrant for Choi Kyung-hee, who headed Ewha Womans University in Seoul from 2014 to 2016, on charges of obstruction of duty for allegedly giving undue favors to Chung Yoo-ra, the daughter of Choi soon-sil.
Choi Kyung-hee, a former president of Ewha Womans University, leaves the Seoul Central District Court on Feb. 14, 2017, after a hearing on the legality of her detention. The court issued a warrant to formally arrest her the next day on charges of giving undue favors to the daughter of President Park Geun-hye's close friend. (Yonhap)
The court, which rejected to issue a writ against her last month, acknowledged the need to arrest her this time "based on evidence that have been additionally provided."A number of other professors at the school have been indicted on suspicions of collaborating with the former chief in helping Chung. Prosecutors suspect that the school in return gained government support in various programs.The former university chief Choi has been flatly denying the allegations against her.The scandal, involving a number of other corruption allegations, led to President Park's impeachment in December. The Constitutional Court is reviewing whether to oust her or reinstate her. (Yonhap)
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) – Kansas freshman Josh Jackson has announced he will enter the NBA draft.
Jackson, who released a statement on Monday, was the Big 12 Newcomer of the Year after averaging 16.3 points and 7.4 rebounds per game. He helped the Jayhawks to a 31-5 record and a berth in the NCAA Tournament's Elite Eight.
The 6-foot-8 Jackson has signed with former NBA player B.J. Armstrong of Wasserman Media Group.
Jackson arrived at Kansas after a stellar prep career in Detroit and Napa, California. He says in the statement that after “consulting with my family, I have decided to enter the 2017 NBA Draft and pursue my dream of playing professional basketball.”
He added that he was thankful for “all of the support I have received from my coaches and teammates at Kansas.”
President Trump and his embattled former attorney appear to be drifting apart: As of July 4th, Michael Cohen's Twitter bio doesn't reference Trump at all anymore. While Cohen used to identify himself on the social media service as "Personal attorney to President Donald J. Trump," his bio is now completely blank.
The contents of the Twitter bio of a lawyer who used to represent the president may seem insignificant. But the change comes amidst reports that Cohen, who facilitated a $130,000 payment from Trump to adult film star Stormy Daniels during the campaign, has become increasingly isolated and distant from his former boss, which could potentially affect the ongoing federal investigation of Trump and his campaign.
The Daily Beast reported Tuesday that Trump and Cohen are no longer on speaking terms, and that Cohen "fears being discarded entirely" by the president. Cohen, whose office was raided by the FBI in April, has reportedly become afraid of serving jail time, and according to the Beast, some people in Trump's circle fear Cohen may turn on the president and cooperate with federal investigators. It's still unclear what crimes Cohen believes he hypothetically could go to jail for, or what damaging information about Trump he might hypothetically have that federal investigators would be interested in.
Nevertheless, Trump and Cohen's relationship appears to be very different than it was even a year ago. In September 2017, Cohen proclaimed Vanity Fair that he would "take a bullet" for the president; in a Monday interview with ABC News, however, he said he prioritizes both his family and the country over Trump.
“My wife, my daughter and my son have my first loyalty and always will,” Cohen told George Stephanopoulos. “I put family and country first.” When Stephanopoulos asked Cohen about the prospect of "having to choose between protecting the president and protecting your family," Cohen reiterated that his family is his "first priority." Stephanopoulos said in his report that Cohen didn't once mention Trump during the interview.
During that same interview, Cohen refused to criticize Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into the president, condemned Russian interference in the 2016 election and said that he doesn't like the term "witch hunt" — which, of course, is one of Trump's go-to terms for describing Mueller's investigation. Cohen even had kind words for the FBI, and praised the law enforcement officers who raided his office in April for conducting themselves professionally.
"I don't agree with those who demonize or vilify the FBI. I respect the FBI as an institution, as well as their agents," Cohen told ABC News. "When they searched my hotel room and my home, it was obviously upsetting to me and my family. Nonetheless, the agents were respectful, courteous and professional. I thanked them for their service and as they left, we shook hands."
More to come...
He's wanted out several outstanding warrants and he's the subject of this week's #WantedWednesday.
Midland Police are asking for your help finding 42-year-old Dennis Lee Beebe.
>>>Slideshow: Mid-Michigan mugshots<<<
Beebe is 5'7” and weighs around 165 pounds.
He has five outstanding warrants out of Midland County with various original charges including fraud and larceny from a building.
If you have any information on his whereabouts, call the Midland Police Department at (989) 839-4713.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
This Sept. 7, 2016 photo provided by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety shows a Tesla Model S before crash safety testing. (Yonhap - AP)
Major US electric carmaker Tesla is expected to hit the Korean auto market this May after completing the registration process with the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport.The ministry said Wednesday that the registration for Tesla as a manufacturer has been finalized. The company said it will begin sales from May.Tesla first submitted for the certification in December last year.According to the ministry, directly-run service centers will be in charge of the vehicle's core functions such as charging and autonomous driving, while supplementary services such as for exterior repairs will be handled by subcontractors.Industry insiders are anticipating Tesla's upcoming launch in Korea to be a major game-changer in the country's rapidly expanding eco-friendly car market led by Hyundai Motor's Kia Niro and Hyundai's Grandeur, Sonata and Ionic hybrid models.Korea saw a significant boom in sales of green cars last year. Roughly 6,215 units of Korean-made hybrid cars were sold in June -- up 140 percent from the previous month.Despite still lagging behind the Chinese, US and European markets, the domestic hybrid and electric market sold a total of 68,774 cars last year, compared to 41,956 in 2015. The increase marked the highest proportional rise worldwide.Joining Tesla in its entry to the local auto market is Chinese EV powerhouse company BYD. It was reported that BYD has also applied for registration at Korea's Transport Ministry.According to the ministry, BYD is expected to receive the green light sometime next week.Sometimes referred to as the Tesla of China, BYD has propelled itself to the position of the world's No. 1 EV maker, selling more than 60,000 electric vehicles last year, surpassing that of Tesla and Japanese automaker Nissan.The company established its local corporate body, BYD Korea Co., last October.By Julie Jackson ( juliejackson@heraldcorp.com
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Scottish singer Susan Boyle' s companies have more than £2.2million in the bank, new figures have revealed.
The star's accounts show that the four firms which handle income from her music and merchandising are cashing in.
Her main company Duil Limited, which channels income from sales of her records, generated £1.46million in the last year.
Two other firms which she controls, Speur Limited and Speur Business, which handle TV appearances and live performances, had combined profits of £661,719.
A fourth firm called Speur Films, which was set up amid plans for a Hollywood movie of her life, made £145,388 according to the accounts filed at Companies House.
SuBo was made a director and owner of all the shares in her firms in 2011.
Her companies were set up in 2009, and were previously run by her niece Kirsty Foy and showbiz accountant Ossie Kilkenny.
The 55-year-old from Blackburn, West Lothian, came to fame on Britain's Got Talent in 2009 with her performance of I Dreamed A Dream.
She has since released seven albums and sold over 20 million records.
(Photo: Sunday Mirror)
In 2009, she paid £65,000 to buy the three-bedroom former council house in Blackburn, where she grew up.
The following year, she bought a five-bedroom £300,000 new-build detached villa at the other end of the small town, which she calls The Posh House.
However, she couldn't settle there, and moved back home. She recently said her only extravagances were a £300 fur coat and the occasional bottle of Chanel No 5 from duty-free shops.
Financial experts said the cash held in the accounts would not represent the full value of the star's wealth.
A source said: “She will be receiving money through other means than her companies and the amount of money in these accounts could only be a fraction of her total net worth.
“Susan has been made a director of the companies and is the ultimate controlling party, giving her the final say on all aspects of her financial affairs.”
Susan's company names both use Scottish Gaelic words. Duil means ‘hope' while Speur is Gaelic for ‘sky'.
Last month Susan said she hopes to tour in Australia or America this year after shedding two stones on a diet and exercise regime.
Jax Taylor is the oldest cast member on Vanderpump Rules (Lisa and Ken notwithstanding), and in Season 6, it's seems like he's thinking about moving on. Nearing 40, which isn't old in the grand scheme of things but practically ancient for a reality television star, Jax wants more out of his life. And more could have arrived in the March 19 episode of Vanderpump Rules by way of an ice-skating rink. Is Jax leaving Vanderpump Rules? A new gig could be bringing him closer to home.
Jax is a bartender at SUR, and he's not a very good one at that. There's a whole segment of the March 19 episode that highlights how bad a bartender Jax is, complete with old footage of him making terrible drinks, remaking those drinks, and having customers give up because they can't be bothered to send it back one more time. Also, remember when Jax dropped glass in the ice bin and it shattered everywhere? Good times. In any case, Jax (thanks to his Reiki instructor) has a new lease on life, and he is triumphant in the fact that he's been offered a new job! Out of nowhere! It's in Florida, and it would involve him moving to Tampa to do social media and marketing for a hockey team in Florida. And this hockey thing isn't out of the blue, because Jax has loved hockey his whole life. He's even posted some #tbts of his hockey days on Instagram.
Needless to say, Brittany isn't thrilled about all of this, because Jax is calling it a done deal and he never asked her if she would pick up her life again for him. Also, as Kristen points out, Jax can't spell, so who hired him to do social media? Having a lot of followers doesn't make you a genius at social media marketing. Brittany, though, probably shouldn't have been so worried, because this job wasn't happening in the first place. If Brittany and Jax have moved to Florida and were waiting to announce it until the episode, well, they did a wonderful job in hiding it, because there is nothing about Florida or hockey on any of their social media accounts.
I'm not saying that Jax would never leave Los Angeles or Vanderpump Rules, but for now, it seems like Jax and Brittany are staying put. The only plausible reason that Jax would move to Florida right now is to be closer to his family — his father passed away at the end of 2017, and it would make sense if Jax would choose to move near his family home in Florida.
A move could actually do Jax some good. He talked to his Reiki master about how much anxiety he has in his friend group, making me think that Los Angeles is just not the place for him. And there are several friends in his social circle who seem pretty sick of him, too — at the end of the most recent episode, the group was on a trip to Mexico, enjoying their tequila when things started to bubble up over Jax's announcement that he could be moving to Florida. Jax snapped at Brittany, and every woman at the table rose up to shame Jax.
We've reached the “mad as hell and not gonna take it anymore” era of womanhood in society in general, but Stassi, Lala, Scheana, Kristen, and the rest of the gang are sick of Jax (and other men) treating them (and Brittany) poorly and then not being allowed to speak up about it. Jax is constantly disrespectful to Brittany, so much so that Lala and company just had to get up and walk away from Jax, all the while with Tom Sandoval telling them not to yell at his friend. Actually, most of the Vanderpump Rules cast could use a change of scenery — it would probably cut down on the Jekyll-and-Hyde nature that so many (including Jax) flaunt. Jax may say what he wants, but for the time being, he and Brittany seem firmly planted on Vanderpump Rules. They're not going anywhere.
Brett Eldredge has a new album coming out in August….What do ya think of his first single?
Ben Andress of Blacktop Records is taking music to another level in Tillsonburg with the creation of Forge Fest.
On Saturday, July 28, Forge Fest will see 30-plus bands play in a multi-venue music, comedy and arts festival. It starts at the Oxford Parkette, the fountain on the corner of Broadway and Oxford Street, with an acoustic set of five or six artists. Sammy Krenshaw's, across the street, will host seven or eight bands on the main floor, and approximately 15 upstairs. Boston Pizza and The Copper Mug will have six acts each. Broadway Laundry Mat will provide a fifth 'intimate' environment.
"Everything's super close," said Andress. "Different genres at the same time, so it's probably not going to be two bands people want to see playing at the same time. I've booked it very strategically, how it's laid out. They don't all start at the same time, and they don't all overlap. So you could go see 15 minutes of a band here and if there were two bands that you wanted to see at the same time, you could walk two minutes to the next place and watch 15 minutes of the next band. Everything's so close you're not really going to miss anything."
Andress says it will be possible to see every band play if you really wanted to. Or you could just pick one place and stay the whole night.
"You could do laundry the whole night and watch bands there," laughed Andress, who has actually played in a laundromat before, but noted, "it's a first in Tillsonburg."
Participants purchase a $20 (in advance) wrist band to watch any number of acts on the 28th.
"It works out to less than $1 per act, which is kind of nice," said Andress, noting they had between 70-80 band applications, which make up about 40 per cent of the festival's lineup.
"With this festival we tried to balance out the stage (with female representation) so there's Cursed Arrows, female-fronted Small Stresses and Candy Hangover, Black Hearts of Tobacco Country has a female member. And there are a couple female comics - we tried to balance it out."
Music genres include alternative rock, punk rock, singer-songwriter acoustic, and even ska, said Andress.
"Pretty much everything except for country and hip hop really. Not that we wanted to exclude country or hip hop, I wouldn't be against having them... the idea is to have everyone included."
The concept was not original, said Andress, who was inspired by St. Catharine's SCENE Fest, featuring bands from all genres since 1995.
"I think I was still in high school, Grade 12, and that summer I ended up being a volunteer as a videographer through Bedlam Society. It was just kind of awesome to be able to jump between 15 different venues and see a bunch of bands. A lot of bands that I still listen to, I probably found out randomly hearing them at SCENE Fest. And pretty much every year since then, I've missed a couple because of other music commitments, I've either had bands in my label participate in it or I've been there myself just hanging out."
But Forge Fest is unique to Tillsonburg.
"Our downtown core is very small, but there are a lot of different spaces. The idea, the first year, is to keep it small, see if it works, see how much people are into it. See if we can make some money to donate to a cool cause."
If this year's inaugural Forge Fest is a success, Andress would like to see it expand in 2019 north on Broadway all the way to Kelsey's at Bridge Street.
"All the way down the strip. That's kind of the idea, see where it goes."
It's an ambitious project, but one that Andress, who has brought in dozens of entertainment acts in the past year alone, was willing to tackle.
The success of any music festival, he said, is dependent on the lineup and dependent on whatever else is going on that same day.
"It's like going to buy a lottery ticket and scratching it, you don't what's going to be underneath," Andress laughed.
"If you have a solid lineup, it doesn't matter what happens. People are going to be there," he said, recalling a line from Wayne's World 2, 'if you book them they will come.'
Every show is not a 'Woodstock' but Andress is confident with the 30-plus bands and comedians for Forge Fest, they will draw a healthy crowd on July 28th.
The lineup includes Single Mothers, Eamon McGrath, John Wozniak of Marcy Playground, Cursed Arrows, Kill Surf City, Dboy, Averages... and many more.
Locals include Jaclyn VanHappen, The Paisley Stares, Small Town Leeches, Elias the Band, Black Hearts of Tobacco Country, Pete Klassen, and Dan Price.
"Single Mothers is from London, Eamon McGrath is from Toronto, Cursed Arrows are from Brantford, Kill Surf City is from Fort Wayne, Indiana, and Small Stresses are from Detroit, but even then the Midwest, it's pretty close."
Brian O'Gorman will headline the comedy stage.
In May, Hometown Brewery, a Forge Fest sponsor, and Boston Pizza hosted a Welcome Home Pub Crawl in Tillsonburg.
"You'd spend one hour at a venue, then an hour at the next venue, and so on," said Andress. "It's kind of the same idea, but with Forge Fest you can make your own schedule. You can do it with friends or you can do it independent, you don't have to follow the pack.
"But it's a similar idea and it sort of jump-started the (Forge Fest) idea. When they did that I wondered, if a lot of people are going to come out for a pub crawl... I wonder if enough people will come out for a music festival? So it was that, and the whole Niagara Music Scene that inspired it."
Proceeds from the 2018 Forge Fest will be donated to Canadian Mental Health Association Oxford, which helps offer programs and services to people experiencing mental health issues in the community.
Wristbands ($20) are available in advance in Tillsonburg at Bell Store, Petro Canada, Sammy Krenshaw's, or Grooves Records (London), Long & McQuade (Woodstock), or online at www.ticketscene.ca/events/2401/.
For the full lineup, schedule, and ticket information, see the Forge Fest website at www.forgefest.ca, follow-on Twitter @forgefest1 and Facebook @theforgefest.
cabbott@postmedia.com
DURHAM, N.C. (AP) -- Protesters in North Carolina toppled a nearly century-old statue of a Confederate soldier Monday at a rally against racism.
Activists in Durham brought a ladder up to the statue and used a rope to pull down the Confederate Soldiers Monument that was dedicated in 1924. A diverse crowd of dozens cheered as the statue of a soldier holding a rifle fell to the ground in front of an old courthouse building that now houses local government offices.
Seconds after the monument fell, protesters began kicking the crumpled bronze monument.
"I was a little bit shocked people could come here and come together like that," said Isaiah Wallace, who is black.
Wallace said he watched as others toppled the statue. He hopes other Confederate symbols elsewhere will follow.
"I feel like this is going to send shockwaves through the country and hopefully they can bring down other racist symbols," he said.
The Durham protest was in response to a white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend. Authorities say one woman was killed Saturday after one of the white nationalists drove his car into a group of peaceful counter-protesters.
Although the violence in Virginia has prompted fresh talk by government officials about bringing down symbols of the Confederacy around the South, North Carolina has a law protecting them. The 2015 law prevents removing such monuments on public property without permission from state officials.
In response to the statue in Durham being torn down, Democratic North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper tweeted: "The racism and deadly violence in Charlottesville is unacceptable but there is a better way to remove these monuments."
After the statue fell, several dozen protesters congregated on the street in front of the old courthouse. Some took pictures standing or sitting on the toppled soldier, in front of a pedestal inscribed with the words "In Memory of the Boys Who Wore The Gray." Police cruisers blocked off the street, and officers looked on -- some filming. As it got dark, rally participants began to peacefully disperse.
Robin Williamson, who works downtown, arrived in the area about an hour after the statue came down. Williamson, who is black, said he can sympathize with people who are upset with the state of racial discourse in the country.
"People feel that with Donald Trump as leader, racists can be vocal," he said.
He said that while Confederate monuments have been defaced in other cities, it was surprising to see an entire statue brought down by protesters.
"This is a little bit more intense because they took the whole statue down," he said.
By JONATHAN DREW, Associated Press.
8:25 p.m.
Reigning U.S. Open champion Sloane Stephens did not waste any time reaching the third round of the French Open, and her clinical display impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe.
Stephens, who did not play in Paris last year because of a foot injury, advanced at the clay-court Grand Slam with a 6-2, 6-2 win over qualifier Magdalena Frech.
"Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament," McEnroe tweeted after Stephens wrapped up her match in a little bit more than one hour.
Stephens had 17 winners to 13 unforced errors and did not face a break point.
___
7:55 p.m.
Caroline Wozniacki dropped just 25 points in her lopsided 6-1, 6-0 win over qualifier and Roland Garros debutant Georgina Garcia Perez of Spain, as the second-ranked Dane easily advanced to the third round of the French Open.
Wozniacki delivered a ruthless performance on Court Philippe Chatrier, limiting her mistakes to eight unforced errors. She did not face a break point and completed the win in 51 minutes. She put on a similar display in her opening match, hitting only 13 unforced errors in a straight-set victory.
Wozniacki won her first Grand Slam trophy at the Australian Open this year and can return to the No. 1 ranking held by Simona Halep by winning the title in Paris.
___
7:30 p.m.
The French Open is Sam Querrey's least successful Grand Slam tournament and the American bowed out early again as this year's No. 12 seed.
He was beaten 1-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-1 by Gilles Simon of France in the second round.
Querrey hadn't even won a single match at Roland Garros since 2014 until beating Frances Tiafoe in the first round.
Querrey has been as far as the third round in Paris just once in 12 appearances.
___
6:50 p.m.
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmmmm. Seen that before, haven't we? Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — perhaps thanking his legs for carrying him to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when he led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
He double-faulted. Then he tried an underhand serve — not his first of the match, either — and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favourite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play him and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break — and was down a broken racket, too — before eventually collecting himself and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled his best showing at Roland Garros; he also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something he never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost his eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning her first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
A look at what's happening all around the majors Saturday:
___
KRYPTONITE
Justin Turner and the major league-best Dodgers try to solve nemesis Robbie Ray (15-5, 2.89 ERA, 218 Ks) in Game 2 of the NL Division Series at 9:08 p.m. EDT. Ray dominated the Dodgers during the regular season, going 3-0 in five starts with a 2.27 ERA and a whopping 53 strikeouts in 31 2/3 innings. He even went 5 for 12 (.417) at the plate with two RBIs. But the left-hander threw 34 pitches over 2 1/3 innings in relief Wednesday during Arizona's wild-card win over Colorado, so it will be interesting to see how fresh he looks. Los Angeles counters with lefty Rich Hill (12-8, 3.32), who had a 2.77 ERA at home this year. He was 0-3 with a 5.03 ERA in four starts against the Diamondbacks overall.
ARMS RACE
After a well-pitched opener, it's a matchup of veteran left-handers in Game 2 of the NL Division Series between the Cubs and Nationals at 5:38 p.m. EDT. Jon Lester (13-8) starts for the defending World Series champions against Gio Gonzalez (15-9) and Washington after two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer was pushed back to Game 3 because he tweaked his right hamstring in his last regular-season outing. Gonzalez said he had been preparing to pitch Monday at Wrigley Field until he was told Wednesday to get ready for Game 2. Lester won his final two starts, allowing one run over 11 innings, after compiling an 8.22 ERA in his previous five games.
TAKE A BREAK
Boston's pitchers get a breather after being battered around by the Astros in the first two games of their ALDS, and nearly all the arms need a rest in the Yankees-Indians series following Friday's extra-innings showdown. Houston leads its best-of-five matchup 2-0 after a pair of 8-2 wins, including a three-homer outburst from Jose Altuve on Thursday and long balls from Carlos Correa and George Springer on Friday. The Red Sox and Game 3 starter Doug Fister will plot for Houston during a workout at Fenway Park before that series resumes Sunday. New York and Cleveland will get a practice day at Yankee Stadium.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Richard E. Elliott Sr. 80, of Southington passed away peacefully on Christmas Day 2016 at St. Mary's.Hospital. He was the beloved husband of 54 years and soulmate of the late Sylvia (DelSanto) Elliott.
He was born in Forestville, Connecticut on January 19, 1936 the son of the late Ernest and Victoria (Wall) Elliott. He was a veteran and Corporal in the US Marine Corps, served as Communications Expert, and was an Expert Sharpshooter and Marksman award recipient. He owned the D&D Market in Plainville, CT for over 35 years and later enjoyed working with his son David at Sort of Unique, Inc. and Wanho Manufacturing Co. until his recent retirement.
He is survived by his children Ann Marie Elliott Breitenecker and her husband Rudiger of Southington and NYC, Richard E. Elliott Jr., David R. Elliott and wife Kathryn all of Southington, his wonderful grandchildren Erica, Kristen, Taylor, Matthew Elliott and his adopted grand-dog Sadie. He leaves a brother Paul Elliott and Terri of Forestville and predeceased brother Francis Elliott. He also leaves his brothers-in-law sisters-in-law, and several nieces and nephews who he loved and enjoyed seeing often. He is also survived by Joseph and Dolores LaPorte, his dearest friends for over 65 years, but who's counting?
He was a devout Catholic parishioner and served on the original building committee of St. Dominic Church. Richard was an avid golfer, recipient of a hole in one at The Southington Country Club (but who really saw it?), past President of the Southington Northern Little League and past Vice President of the Southington Senior League. He was a passionate and dedicated family man who loved his country, baseball (world's #1 Indians fan), gardening and cooking for his family and did so often. Most of all, he was known around town as the nicest kind hearted person, a true gentleman to all he encountered. He will be dearly missed.
Special thanks to Dr. Joseph Bowman and the wonderful, caring individuals at the Leever Clinic and the myriad of Doctors and Nurses that helped him.
Funeral services will be held on Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016 at 9:15 am from the DellaVecchia Funeral Home, 211 N. Main St. to St. Dominic Church at 10 am. Burial with military honors will be at St. Thomas Cemetery. Calling hours will be on Friday from 4-7 pm.
For online condolences please visit, www.dellavecchiafh.com
EL CENTRO — Caltrans sent out a press release informing the community of construction crews beginning major work on a new seven-mile segment of the Interstate 8 (I-8) Update Project in Imperial County from just west of Ogilby Road to west of State Route 186 (SR-186).
Eastbound and westbound I-8 through Segment 5 of the project will be reduced to one lane in each direction. Speed will be reduced in the work zone. Traffic flow is expected to slow and motorists are advised to allow additional travel time to reach their destinations.
According to the press release the I-8 Update is a major pavement rehabilitation project consisting of five segments that will construct Continuously Reinforced Concrete Pavement (CRCP) for more than 48 miles on Interstate 8 in Imperial County. The work will result in a long-lasting superior roadway, capable of withstanding the heaviest traffic loads. Construction began in 2016 and will be completed by 2019. Two segments have been completed and the final segment will begin work in 2017.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) “isn't just a progressive icon, she's a merchandising industry unto herself,” Politico reports.
“The presidential prospect is at the center of a sprawling business built around her appeal to liberals across the country — a reminder of the unabashed devotion she inspires on the left and the footprint she'll cast in the 2020 Democratic primary.”
The Dos And Don'ts Of Sneakers
All The Dos And Don'ts Of Choosing (And Styling) The Perfect Sneakers
It's almost springtime.
For some of you, that means spring break. It means flowers are gonna bloom soon. It means new love and Easter and green grass and birds chirping.
You know what it means to me?
Sneakers.
I live in Canada, where I can wear sneakers 6 months out of the year if I'm lucky. So around this time every year I start planning my fair-weather footwear 'cuz I can't f*cking wait to wear something other than boots.
It's a double-edged sword, though, because I always buy shit in February that I can't wear til May, so it sits in my closet (a.k.a. sneaker mausoleum) taunting me for months. It's good to get a jump on things and get your looks sorted early, but don't fall to the temptation to wear your brand new white sneakers on a slushy March day.
RELATED: Can This Stain Repellent Really Protect Your Favorite Sneakers? We Tried It Out
Of course, if you live somewhere that actually has nice weather, you can apply what you read here immediately. But for my Northern boys, keep this one under your hat until you can actually see the sidewalks under all that precipitation.
HOWEVER:
As easy as sneakers are to wear, as versatile as they may be, there are still a lot of ways to fuck ‘em up. There are a whole lot of ugly kicks out there, and just as many ugly ways to wear nice kicks.
So as you prepare for your spring/summer vibes this year, take a few precautions. Ride with me, and I'll show you what to do and, more importantly, what NOT to do when wearing sneakers.
DO: Get A Rotation Going
The quickest and easiest way to completely destroy a nice pair of sneakers is by wearing them every day.
I know, I know, you just got new J's and you wanna wear ‘em everywhere you go. But if you do yourself a favor and get a couple extra pairs, and all of your shoes will last 3 times as long or more.
Cycle ‘em out and keep ‘em fresh.
DON'T: Wear Great Sneakers With Bad Jeans
So many outfits have been ruined over the years by a horrific trend known to insiders as “NTDenim,” or Nike Talk Denim. The moniker gets its name from the old Nike Talk forums, where hardcore sneaker collectors would post pics of their shoe collections. Too often, you'd see an absolutely incredible pair of sneakers completely outshadowed by a horrific denim apocalypse.
RELATED: Here's The Trick To Buying The Perfect Pair Of Jeans Every Single Time
Wear your sneakers with something more fitted and flattering to complete the look.
DO: Experiment
Some people like high tops. Some people like lows. Some silhouettes work great on certain folks and horrible on others. It's just the way of the universe.
What can you do about it? Try a whole bunch of different shit and see what works. This is a good general rule for fashion, or even for life TBH. I encourage you to try a whole bunch of shit in all areas of your life and see what sticks.
But sneaker-wise? If you're new to the game, try a high and lowtop of the same shoe and see which you like better.
Here's a good starting point:
Stock Up: Nike Air Force 1 Low, $89.99 at Footlocker.com
Stock Up: Nike Air Force 1 Mid, $94.99 at Footlocker.com
Stock Up: Nike Air Force 1 High, $99.99 at Footlocker.com
DON'T: Wear Skate Shoes If You Don't Skateboard
Generally speaking, skateboarding shoes are horrible. There are a few exceptions, of course - Janoskis, pretty much every Vans model, certain SB Dunks, etc. But overall, the puffy-tongued-swollen-marshmallow-Jabba-the-Hutt-looking-ass silhouettes of most skate shoes just is NOT flattering. They make you look like an 8 year old from 1996 who just got his first issue of Thrasher Mag.
If you must wear ‘em, opt for a slimmer, more modern silhouette like a Vans Old Skool or a Stefan Janoski.
Stock Up: Vans Old Skool, From $26.00 at Amazon.com
Stock Up: Stefan Janoski, $85.00 at Nike.com
DO: Pinroll Your Jeans For A Clean Look With Lowtops
We talked about ruining your sneaker look with floppy jeans. But how can that be avoided without wearing spray-on skinny jeans or, god forbid, jogger pants?
Here's the secret: pinrolling.
This is how all those sneaker dudes on Instagram get their jeans to stack so perfectly above their kicks, showing just a tiny sliver of ankle without looking like pedal pushers.
This was a gamechanger for me when I figured it out, and it saved more than a few pairs of my jeans from the trash heap. Turn any jeans into perfect ones with this technique.
BTW, if your pinroll comes undone at the club, I think the law states that you have to kill yourself immediately.
DON'T: Stick to just one brand.
A lot of guys are Nike stans or Jordan stans or adidas stans, and won't wear anything else. Brand loyalty in this day and age is honestly pretty dumb - those brands don't give a flying F about you, so why should you care about them?
So what I mean is, if you've always been a Jordan guy but see an adidas pair you like, why not wear ‘em? There's no good reason. Nobody's gonna be like, “I thought you only wore J's? What gives?”
So change it up. Try a few different things and see what you like. Or even try some weird shit that nobody wears, like Diadora or Babolat.
My current rotation has adidas, Nike, Jordan, Asics, New Balance and a few others all thrown in the mix.
DO: Splurge A Little Bit — For The Right Pair
You probably already know the difference in comfort and durability between a $20 pair of Walmart shoes and a decent $80-100 pair.
But do you know the difference between an $80 pair and a $200 pair?
There's a reason certain shoes cost a lot of money.
It's ‘cause they're really, really nice.
A good $200 pair of shoes is gonna be a new level of comfort if you're used to Vans or Converse. And they'll last a whole lot longer, too.
That said, there is definitely a point of diminishing return - IMO, shoes don't really get any better past the $250-300 mark.
But your feet are important. So treat ‘em with the respect they deserve and put something nice on your paws.
Get you some Air Max to learn what real comfort is all about.
Stock Up: Nike Air Max 2017, $190.00 at Nike.com
DON'T: Fall Victim To Hype
Hyped or collectible shoes are often just regular old shoes.
Yeezys, probably the most coveted shoe on the planet right now, are just made-in-China adidas sneakers.
They're not handmade, they're not produced in a fine Italian factory, there's not even any premium leather.
They're just regular old sneakers.
Of course, if you love the look and have $1000 to spare, by all means pick up a pair of Yeezys on the reseller market.
But if you're just looking for a nice, comfy shoe, there are a million other options out there.
Pure Boosts, for example, have the same Boost technology that makes Yeezys so damn comfortable, except they cost $130 instead of $350, and they're actually in stock. And they look great, too.
Stock Up: Pure Boosts, $140.00 at Adidas.com
Related Reading
You'll Be Ditching Your Sneakers As Soon As You See These Cool Slip-Ons
What Your Choice Of Footwear Says About You To Women (Yes, They Notice)​
AskMen may receive a portion of sales revenue if you click one of the above links and buy a product or service. The links were placed independently by our Commerce team and did not influence the editorial content.
Young giraffe makes brief escape at Indiana zoo
FORT WAYNE, Ind. –Workers at the Fort Wayne zoo needed a couple hours to get an escaped giraffe back into its enclosure.
The 7-month-old female giraffe got loose Monday from the African Journey exhibit at the Fort Wayne Children's Zoo. Zoo spokeswoman Bonnie Kemp says the giraffe didn't get off the property.
Staffers were able to corral the giraffe in a fenced parking lot in a non-public area of the zoo. Zookeepers worked on calming the animal before returning it to the enclosure. It wasn't immediately clear how the youngest in the zoo's nine-giraffe herd escaped.
The zoo just opened to the public for the season on Saturday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There's nothing quite like the noise of a busy soft play centre.
And there's nothing quite like the feeling of seeing your small child disappear over the brow of a colourful padded block, or up a rope ladder out of sight, and then watching them being immediately followed by some faster, larger child.
Scary stuff.
But as the weather turns and autumn sets in, they can be the indoors answer for parents of children with energy to burn.
If you fancy a visit to softplay, these come tried and tested by parents and children.
Curve Motion, Bury
The biggest softplay in East Anglia, it's suitable for 12 and under.
It boasts a sports arena, ball cannon battle zone, climbing wall, snake slides and ladders, hang tough and a disco zone.
The under-five area includes a ball pool, wavy slides and crawl tubes.
A separate baby zone provides a safe stimulating area for those not yet walking.
Compete on the four-lane racing slide or, if you're brave enough, face the six-metre vertical drop slide.
Socks must be worn at all times.
AND there's a rollerskating rink.
Visit Curve Motion, Lark Valley Business Park, Lamdin Road, Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk IP32 6LJ
Tree Tops, Witchford, Ely
This is a state of the art indoor softplay just outside of Ely city centre.
With easy parking available, there's an area available to hire too and visitors describe the centre as "bright, airy and clean with nice food".
One mum commented: "Parents can sit at tables in the middle and easily see the whole area so the atmosphere is it's slightly less frantic than some other places".
Visit Tree Tops, Unit 12, Lancaster Way, Witchford, Ely CB6 3NW.
Cheeky Monkeys, Fulbourn
Whether they are whizzing down slides, climbing across rope bridges, squeezing through rollers, wriggling through chimney stacks, driving the outdoor play combine and tractors, exploring the house, digging in the sandpit, jumping on the sputnik, playing football or just relaxing in the ball pit (PHEW) Cheeky Monkeys is a wonderland of indoor and outdoor activities.
Relax in the lounge area with a coffee, homemade cake, magazine, overlooking 50 acres of farmland and rest assured that the children are enjoying themselves in a clean and safe environment.
Trees and parasols provide shaded areas for when you want to relax outside in the summer.
Cheeky Monkeys, Babraham Road, Fulbourn, Cambridge CB21 5HR.
Whale of a Time, Barhill
For the crawlers and toddlers (0-4 years) there's a double level separate playframe comprising of a bridge, slide, ball boggler, ball pond, soft shapes, rockers, games and building blocks.
For the big boys and girls (4-10 years) multi level state of the art challenging and stimulating playframe comprising of a two, four metre high slide, trampoline cage, dizzy disc, sky glide and another ball pond.
And outdoors?
There's a large tower playframe with slides and swings, a variety of sit-on pedal tractors and a generous partly shaded seating area for up to 60 people to eat or simply relax.
Head to Whale of a Time, Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill, Cambridge, CB23 8EL
Xtreme360 Tramopolene Park, Eaton Socon
Not really a softplay but more of an EXTREME trampolening park where you'd never take your toddler, right?
Wrong!
Xtreme Toddlers is a two hour session from 10am-12pm where little ones can have the run of the park, supervised by a parent or legal guardian, at their own pace, without the fear of older kids or adults getting in their way.
The two hour session is plenty of time to have a good bounce and then you can all relax in the mezzanine café afterwards.
Visit Xtreme360, Little End Road, Eaton Socon, St Neots, Cambridgeshire, PE19 8JH.
Bury Lane Fun Barn, A10 near Royston
Bury Lane Fun Barn is a purpose-built, farm themed Fun Barn that your kids will love.
With a high cow print and fun curly slides, large dedicated toddlers' area, soft ball shooter game and other farm-themed fun attractions it has the largest and most innovative play equipment for miles.
It's heated in cold winter months and fully air conditioned in hot weather so always a comfortable environment.
Plus there's it's attached to a fantastic Farm Shop selling fresh farm foods and gifts, and a large restaurant with homemade cakes and delicious hot food.
Visit Bury Lane, A10 Bypass, Melbourn, Royston SG8 6DF.
Giggle and Wiggle, Caxton
Cambridgeshire's newest soft play and party venue is based on the site of the former Kart track in Caxton.
One mum commented: "This is still quite new so really clean, plus they have great coffee and cake!"
Visit Giggle and Wiggle.
Spotted Giraffe, Linton
The Spotted Giraffe is run and owned by local parents Michelle and Cathy.
And their experience of taking their own children to indoor play areas over the years, has meant, when they opened the business in 2011, they knew exactly what parents and children were looking for.
The Spotted Giraffe is clean, bright, light and airy with a selection of great food, healthy snacks and delicious cakes and coffee all at affordable prices.
Exciting play equipment combined with free wi-fi and freshly ground coffee for the grown-ups make this place a winner.
Visit Spotted Giraffe, Unit 12c and d, The Grip Industrial Estate, Linton, Cambridge CB21 4XN.
Wacky Warehouse, Huntingdon
Just reopening on October 6 after a refurbishment, Wacky Warehouse is a fun softplay for kids, with tables for grown ups.
Plus it's attached to Hartford Mill, which always helps if all that softplay has made you hungry for some lunch (or thirsty for a large glass of wine).
Visit Wacky Warehouse, 1 Hartford Marina, Huntingdon Road, Huntingdon PE28 2AA.
Though it's quite the overused adjective now when describing HBO's Game Of Thrones, there's no denying that the fantasy series is epic. Besides the epic battles, dragons and betrayal on Game Of Thrones, the costuming is also pretty epic. The show's costume design has been widely recognized and has earned GOT some of its many Emmy awards. Alfie Allen, the actor who plays Theon Greyjoy (formerly known as Reek formerly known as Theon), faces quite the transformation when suiting up for his Westerosi scenes. . You would hardly recognize him IRL, though; because what Theon Greyjoy looks like out of costume is the polar opposite of Allen.
Theon is one of the show's most polarizing characters, having done some very bad things and gone through some very bad things. At the end of the day, he's a really serious, really sad dude, and his somber armor and generally defeated look reflect that. But Alfie Allen couldn't be more different than his tragic character.
For one, Allen is pretty scruffily adorable, charming and well-dressed. Whereas Theon is usually covered in dirt or icy cold water, dressed in drab, depressing heavy armor, and very, very rarely smiles. Allen is as carefree and buoyant as Theon is not—one delightful example: the actor brought his puppy Abby to the Game Of Thones panel at Comic-Con in July 2017, and she was the highlight, even more than all the Season 7 spoilers. Allen cradled Abby like a tiny baby and the crowd went wild. A direwolf she certainly is not.
Kevin Winter/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Alfie and Abby: a match made in heaven, don't you think? Abby was, apparently, very well-behaved during the panel and very cute. If Allen was trying to endear himself to Theon haters, nothing works better than a tiny puppy.
Allen is also very stylish, much unlike Theon, though fashion opportunities don't really befall his character. Allen always looks tip top on the red carpet and in photoshoots, like his wardrobe for a profile in Interview in 2015. He's looking like a greaser and/or Harry Styles' older brother. What an outfit, and what lovely, clean hair. Take note of these fashion choices, Theon.
He's also not afraid to take some fashion risks; he's worn some very slick, unique suits on the red carpet. A standout is this forest green number. So bold and so lovely.
Jeff Spicer/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Unlike Theon and Daenerys both vying for the throne, Allen and co-star Emilia Clark get along just fine, thank you very much. Here's an adorable selfie from Christmas 2015, which Clarke caption:
Because Christmas is about finding your good side..
An even more different on-screen to IRL friendship: Allen and Sophie Turner, who plays Sansa Stark. Here's a selfie from 2016, posted to Turner's Instagram account.
And while Theon and Yara have waited you could call a...complicated relationship, Allen and his real life sister Lily are pals. Yes, that Lily Allen, the British pop singer famous for songs like "22," "Smile," and "The Fear." But there's still a little tension, there: Lily Allen got in a bit of trouble with her brother in 2014 when she mentioned Game Of Thrones in an interview and later said that Alfie told her to not mention the show again.
Claire Greenway/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Besides looking so different than Theon, though, Allen also smiles a lot more and takes himself a lot less seriously. Someone on Game of Thrones should tell Theon to crack a smile once in a while.
Alfie Allen leads a much better life than Theon, thank goodness. And if you saw him on the street, you might not even recognize him.
More than six months ago, fans were shocked when Bachelor couple Vanessa Grimaldi and Nick Viall called off their engagement. But now, it sounds like she's found someone new, and he's basically the opposite of her ex. Grimaldi revealed she has a new boyfriend when she visited Dean Unglert's podcast, Help! I Suck At Dating, and although she didn't share his identity, it sounds like he's far more low-key than the guy she fell for on reality TV.
Grimaldi didn't share too many details about her new man on the podcast, but she did drop a few hints that help give a better idea of who he is — but mostly who's he not. According to People, Grimaldi said that they met through a mutual friend, he's not a part of Bachelor Nation or the entertainment industry, and he doesn't work in special education, like she does.
Without giving anything too personal away about her relationship, Grimaldi shared what she's been looking for when it comes to her love life. Not only does what she said help fans get a better idea of what this new man in her life could be like, but it also makes it even more obvious that finding love on The Bachelor — especially with a man who had been on the show multiple times before and had amassed a huge social media presence — might not have been the best way for her to find a relationship that works in her life.
She said:
“I always wanted to find someone … who's gonna be a great father, someone who's gonna be a great husband, someone who's family-oriented. I wanted all those things, but the people that I was dating either had some of it but they didn't have all of it. I don't care if you have a million followers. I don't care. I'd rather you not have Instagram. I'd rather you not know I was ever on the show.”
Well, it's clear that things had to end between her and Viall, because just from the things she said on the podcast, they sound pretty incompatible.
Grimaldi has shown no evidence of a new guy in her life on Instagram, which mostly features photos of her doing her own thing and hanging out with family and friends. From what she did share, though, it sounds like things between them are still very new, but she's hopeful for the future — and she couldn't have chosen anyone more different from her ex.
And when it comes to who she's seeing now, she seems very optimistic.
"I don't know where this is going to lead, but I do know I appreciate all his qualities," she said. "I feel like I'm a much better person when I'm with him. I'm just very lighthearted, and I'm focused on the right things and I'm not distracted by the fake world that we could be a part of.”
That sounds like a direct dig at her time as part of a Bachelor couple, where the pressure on a relationship is immense after so many people have watched you and your fiancé meet and fall in love on national television. It's hard to blame Grimaldi if life in the post-Bachelor spotlight wasn't for her, and it seems like this new relationship is far better suited for what she's looking for.
Everything Grimaldi shared on the podcast makes a lot of sense. Of course she'd rather be with someone who isn't aware of her Bachelor past; who wants to run the risk of someone only being interested in you because of your reality TV past? But it sounds like the new person in her life is closer to what she needs from a partner, and that's great to hear.
Now, fans just have to wait for Grimaldi to share more about her new man, hopefully involving an Instagram photo or two. After getting to know her so well on The Bachelor, it would be awesome to have the chance to see her finally find what she's looking for.
ST. JOHN'S 81, NO. 4 DUKE 77
NEW YORK (AP) — Shamorie Ponds scored 33 points, and St. John's snapped an 11-game losing streak and handed the suddenly suspect Blue Devils their second loss in eight days.
Bashir Ahmed added 19 points and Tariq Owens had 17 for the Red Storm (11-13), who overcame an early 10-point deficit and fought off Duke's heralded freshmen down the stretch in their biggest win under third-year coach Chris Mullin.
St. John's was playing the second of three straight games against top-6 opponents in a span of nine days. Next up, a visit to No. 1 Villanova on Wednesday night.
Gary Trent Jr. had 22 points for the Blue Devils (19-4), who perhaps got caught looking ahead to their first matchup of the season with bitter rival North Carolina on Thursday night. Freshman sensation Marvin Bagley III scored 19 but sat out a significant chunk of the second half with four fouls.
OKLAHOMA STATE 84, NO. 7 KANSAS 79
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) — Kendall Smith scored 24 points, including the clinching free throws in the final seconds, and Oklahoma State held on for the upset.
Cameron McGriff added 20 points and Jeffrey Carroll had 15 for the Cowboys (14-9, 4-6 Big 12), who built an 18-point first-half lead and dominated the boards in ending their three-game losing streak.
It was the third loss for the Jayhawks (18-5, 7-3) in Allen Fieldhouse, their most since the 1998-99 season, and their second in conference play. They also lost to Texas Tech in the Phog.
Udoka Azubuike had 20 points and Graham and Svi Mykhailiuk scored 17 apiece for Kansas, which was celebrating 120 years of basketball by welcoming back dozens of former players and coaches.
NO. 8 CINCINNATI 65, UCONN 57
STORRS, Conn. (AP) — Jacob Evans III scored 19 points to lead Cincinnati past the struggling Huskies.
Kyle Washington added 13 points and 11 rebounds for the Bearcats (21-2, 10-0 American), who never trailed.
Jalen Adams scored 20 points and Christian Vital added 18 for the Huskies, who have lost five of their last six to fall below the .500 mark at 11-12 (4-6).
The Bearcats shot just 36 per cent from the floor, 10 percentage points below their season average. But they held UConn to 29 per cent.
NO. 10 TEXAS TECH 83, TCU 71
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — Jarrett Culver scored 20 points with four 3-pointers, and Texas Tech got its fourth straight victory and a share of the Big 12 Conference lead.
Culver, Tech's hometown freshman guard, made all of his 3s in the first half. That included consecutive baskets from beyond the arc in an 18-0 run that put the Red Raiders (19-4, 7-3 Big 12) firmly in control — even without top scorer Keenan Evans taking a shot in that stretch.
Evans still finished with 17 points and six assists, while Zhaire Smith had 12 points.
Vladimir Brodziansky led TCU (16-7, 4-6) with 18 points, while Bane had 13. Kenrich Williams had 12 points and 13 rebounds.
NO. 15 WEST VIRGINIA 89, KANSAS STATE 51
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. (AP) — Sagaba Konate scored 19 points and West Virginia ended a three-game losing streak.
James "Beetle" Bolden added 13 points in his first career start, Teddy Allen had 12 points off the bench and Wes Harris had 10 for West Virginia (17-6, 6-5 Big 12).
Dean Wade scored 17 points and Xavier Sneed had 16 for Kansas State (16-7, 5-5).
The Wildcats never led, were held to their lowest scoring output of the season and had more turnovers (15) than field goals (14).
NO. 20 CLEMSON 75, WAKE FOREST 67
WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (AP) — Gabe DeVoe scored 24 points to lead Clemson.
Marcquise Reed added 10 of his 22 in the final six minutes to help the Tigers (19-4, 8-3 Atlantic Coast Conference) win their third straight and claim sole possession of second place in the league standings, a half-game ahead of No. 4 Duke.
Bryant Crawford scored 16 points and Keyshawn Woods added 13 for the Demon Deacons (9-14, 2-9). Wake Forest went 5 minutes without a field goal down the stretch while Clemson finally took control of a tight game that had 20 lead changes and 12 ties.
Doral Moore added 13 rebounds for the Demon Deacons. Shelton Mitchell finished with 10 points for the Tigers.
MISSOURI 69, NO. 21 KENTUCKY 60
COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) — Missouri had never beaten Kentucky in 10 previous tries, but behind 16 points each from Jordan Barnett and Kassius Robertson, the Tigers finally cleared that Big Blue hurdle.
The 21st-ranked Wildcats (17-6, 6-4 Southeastern Conference) had erased double-digit deficits the last two games in victories over West Virginia and Vanderbilt, but their poor shooting against Missouri's stingy defence ensured there would be no rally this time.
Kentucky shot 31.3 per cent from the field. Shai Gilgeous-Alexander led the Wildcats with 15 points and six assists.
Jontay Porter added 13 points and eight rebounds for Missouri (15-8, 5-5 SEC).
Missouri led 28-18 at halftime, as Kentucky made just 20 per cent of its first-half shots and went 0 for 10 from 3-point range.
ALABAMA 68, NO. 23 FLORIDA 50
GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Collin Sexton scored 17 points, Donta Hall notched his fourth double-double of the season, and Alabama rallied from a 10-point deficit for the upset.
Sexton added eight rebounds and six assists for the Tide (15-8, 6-4 Southeastern Conference), which improved to 2-4 on the road.
The Gators (15-8, 6-4) lost their third consecutive SEC game, the first time that's happened since the end of coach Mike White's first season in 2016.
Alabama dominated Florida in the paint, on the glass and up and down the floor. Sexton took over in the second half, dribbling through the defence and creating open layups and dunks.
Hall was one of the beneficiaries. He made all seven shots and finished with 14 points and 11 boards.
KeVaughn Allen led the Gators with 16 points.
NO. 24 MICHIGAN 76, MINNESOTA 73, OT
ANN Arbour, Mich. (AP) — Muhammad-Ali Abdur-Rahkman made a tiebreaking three-point play with 3.8 seconds left and finished with 17 points as Michigan held on in overtime.
The Wolverines (19-6, 8-4 Big Ten) needed the extra time to win because they struggled to shoot from the field and the line.
The Golden Gophers (14-11, 3-9) were in a position to end their longest losing streak of the year because freshman Isaiah Washington had a season-high 26 points and Nate Mason scored 22 points, including a 3-pointer with 5.3 seconds left that tied the game.
Mason was just short on a shot from about 30 feet that would have forced a second overtime.
By The Associated Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young anorexia whose weight plummeted to just over four stone after consuming only 150 calories a day says she would have died if she hadn't travelled to the UK for treatment.
Chloe was at severe risk of going into a coma as her blood sugars dropped so low, prompting medics to warn her not to fall asleep.
Yet despite two years of being in and out of various Dublin hospitals and repeated tearful pleas from her family, the services and facilities available were unable to help Chloe, now 18, at the height of her condition.
Although Chloe insists the nurses, doctors and therapists in Dublin, Ireland, did their utmost, they didn't have the training required to give the suffering teen the "harsh interventions" she needed.
In 2016, Chloe, then 16, was in the throes of anorexia. She was five foot seven tall but weighed just under five stone.
(Image: Irish Mirror)
Speaking to Dublin Live , Chloe said: "It was very gradual, I can't say when it all started but when it got really, really bad I was about fourteen or fifteen.
"I was consumed with food; that's all I thought about.
"I was losing energy and I deteriorated very quickly.
"It was an addiction, no matter how much weight I lost - it wasn't enough.
"The stigma with anorexia is that you want to be the skinniest or the most beautiful, it can be different for everyone but in my experience, when people told me I didn't look attractive, in my head I was winning.
"I wanted to disappear, I didn't want attention, I just wanted to disappear."
She was living with her mum in south Dublin at the time, and her friends got her in touch with the Child and Adolescent Mental Health Service.
(Image: Irish Mirror)
Chloe was then admitted to St Joseph's Adolescent inpatient unit in St Vincent's Hospital.
It's a clinic for teens with general psychiatric problems and has the capacity for twelve beds.
Chloe recalled: "The staff were so, so lovely. They did their absolute best for me and I loved my counsellor.
"She made me realise a lot of things about my past that I didn't think bothered me.
"She made me see what was wrong and how certain things might have influenced my eating disorder.
"I was diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder because I started to remember things from my childhood that I'd repressed; a specific incident that happened when I was seven.
"When all this came to the surface, I stopped eating completely in St Joseph's, I started associating eating with remembering what happened to me as a child."
(Image: Irish Mirror)
Chloe could just about manage a high calorie protein drink called Fresubin but couldn't manage food as the sensation of fullness triggered memories of her childhood trauma.
When she was offered two-week leave from the clinic, her condition deteriorated again.
Life became a vicious cycle of hospital admissions followed by stints at home where Chloe would only drink diet coke.
It got to the point where she would have 300 calories at most over a two-day period, a max of 1,000 calories a week.
Chloe said: "I ended up weighing below five stone. I was a healthy eight and a half stone and then it just went down to just above four stone."
"I moved in with my granny and grandad because my mum had work, they'd just cry and beg me to eat but I just couldn't do it for anyone. I couldn't do it for them or me, the fear was just too much.
"My granny brought me to hospital because I started turning purple and blue from the poor circulation.
"The results of the tests they did scare them a bit.
(Image: Irish Mirror)
"I was sent back to St Joseph's but they were too scared to keep me in because they couldn't attend to me medically.
"Apparently my blood pressure and my stats were very dangerous and they sent me back to the main hospital in St Vincent's, two nurses brought me there and I thought I'd only be there for a few days.
"There I was given adult psychiatric treatment. I was being treated as an adult rather than a child.
"I probably would have got more intervention if I was placed in a children's hospital but I didn't, I was in St Vincent's for a while and in the ICU occasionally."
While undergoing treatment, Chloe was fitted with a nasogastric tube which would allow the staff to feed her the Frezubin protein drinks.
But as she was in adult facility, she could refuse these feedings.
Chloe said: "I realised they weren't going to force feed me.
(Image: Irish Mirror)
"The nurses would come in and say 'Chloe do you want a feed now' and I'd be like 'no' and they'd be like 'ok' and just wrote 'refused' on the sheet. There was no intervention.
"My blood sugar went below one some nights and I was in severe risk of going into coma.
The only advice they gave me was 'don't fall asleep' - a healthcare assistant would stand over me and say 'Chloe stay awake, Chloe stay awake, Chloe stay awake'.
Chloe was told she was going to die if the situation remained the same and her family were told that staff were surprised she was still able to function the way she was.
Her relatives in the UK suggested they raise funding so that she could go to a dedicated eating disorder clinic there and professionals in Ireland agreed this was the best option as they had 'ticked all the boxes' the Irish healthcare system could offer.
Funding was also provided by Ireland's treatment abroad scheme which took a number of weeks.
She was eventually taken to the Springfield University Hospital in Tooting, South London where staff were shocked by her condition and that she was allowed to fly without medical support.
Chloe said: "I think they were quite shocked to see me the way I was, I don't think they were expecting what they saw."
After a total of 52 weeks and two days on the in Springfield Hospital, Chloe had made leaps and bounds in her recover, although it was a difficult road.
For a lengthy period she had to be force fed three times daily.
Chloe also recalls being fearful of showers as she thought the water would enter her body, making her gain weight.
But the brave 18-year-old said this aggressive intervention was exactly what she needed in the beginning: "I fully believe that without the teamn the UK, I would be dead by now."
"Trusting others and letting people help me is a big thing that aided me getting to where I am. I think that's the best thing I could have done. That wasn't easy to begin with but once I pealed the plaster off it got easier with time.
"Realising that the people helping me had years of experience and qualifications made it easier to trust and value their judgment that they didn't just walk off the street as silly as that sounds.
"Also having people going through similar but all the same many different problems was definitely comforting. We got each other through it and I have made friends for life from it. I wouldn't wish this illness or any other mental illness on my worst enemy."
Anorexia Nervosa has the highest mortality rate of all psychiatric conditions, but all eating disorders are associated with high levels of both mental and physical complications such as heart and endocrine problems.
On Wednesday January 24, the HSE announced a move that will see a new model of care for those with eating disorders in Ireland.
According to the health care provider, the aim is to improve quality and safety, access to services for all ages and provide value for money in how these services are delivered.
The HSE's partners in developing this model were Bodywhys and the College of Psychiatrists of Ireland. A four year implementation plan has been approved to allow for phased recruitment and training.
The benefits of this new model of care for people with eating disorders include faster access to assessment and early intervention, more access to clinicians with specialist training in eating disorders care across the system, dedicated physician/ paediatrician time and access to dieticians, and support for families and carers through the partnership with Bodywhys.
Hearing the news that things would change for eating disorder sufferers in Ireland was an emotional moment for Chloe.
She said: "I cried, there were tears going down my eyes. I just thought people are finally going to get help and get the right help.
"People aren't going to have to get like this; like the way I did. People are going to get early interventions and they're not going to have to leave the country like I did.
"I literally went up to the counter and ordered myself a blueberry muffin, I was so happy and I ate it all. There was no regret".
Chloe now lives with relatives in Kent and although she misses her family and friends in Ireland, she has to stay for the considerably superior level of care she's receiving there.
Thankfully, Chloe now has a new lease of life.
"I'm so lucky that I have reached a stage that I can do normal tasks and I can experience normal teenage things like walking around the shops, spending time with family and friends and being a bit silly", she said.
"I wish for nothing more than to continue down these paths and for other sufferers to join me; life truly can be beautiful. For me things truly did have to hit rock bottom for me to see that.
"I still have a way to go and I still have the bad days but I can function and I have learnt ways to manage. It pulls me down but I get up again, ten times stronger."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
FAIRVIEW HEIGHTS, Ill. - Thieves have targeted the same Casey's General Store delivery truck not once, but twice in as many weeks. According to police, they're after cigarettes and it's the third cigarette theft in the Metro East area in the past two weeks.
Fairview Heights police began investigating the latest incident, which occurred Wednesday morning after a Casey's General Store truck driver woke up and noticed thieves broke into his truck. He had parked his truck at the Drury Inn at Route 159 and I-64 in Fairview Heights to stay the night.
On Wednesday morning, he told reporters that he noticed the lock on the back door was broken and items inside had been moved. The driver believes the thieves took cigarettes because of what happened to him just two weeks ago. He said while he stayed the night at another Drury Inn location, in O'Fallon, Illinois. O'Fallon, Illinois Police are investigating that break-in. They say sometime overnight on May 15 and May 16, someone broke into the Casey's General Store truck and stole an undetermined amount of cigarettes and cases of Monster Energy drink. Police say the driver had to return the load to the distribution center in Terre Haute, Indiana for a full inventory audit.
A third cigarette theft happened at 4 a.m. Tuesday at the Circle K on St. Louis Road. St. Clair County and Belleville Police are searching for two suspects who were armed when they robbed the convenience -demanding cash and cigarettes. Police released surveillance pictures of the suspects who took off in a silver Ford Escape.
Police are not saying at this point if the incidents are related and urge anyone with information to give them a call.
NC State Student Media has scheduled interviews with students who have applied for the top leadership positions at the Technician, WKNC-FM, the Nubian Message, Windhover, Agromeck and the Student Business & Marketing Office.
These interviews are open to the public, and we encourage anyone with an interest in our organizations to attend.
The students will be interviewed by members of Student Media's Newspapers, Broadcast, Annual Publications and Business Office advisory boards, which include students, faculty, staff and industry professionals. There will be time set aside for questions and comments from the public before the advisory board members adjourn into executive session.
The dates and times for the advisory board meetings are as follows:
• Technician Editor candidates – Thursday, Feb. 16, 6 p.m., Student Media offices (third floor, Witherspoon Student Center) – Candidates: Kai Anthony, junior, communication; Jonathan Carter, sophomore, political science; Aditi Dholakia, junior, German studies/communication.
• Nubian Message Editor candidates – Monday, Feb. 20, 7:30 p.m., Student Media offices (third floor, Witherspoon Student Center) – Candidates: Keilah Davis, sophomore, physics; Anahzsa Jones, junior, English.
• Student Business & Marketing Office General Manager candidate – Wednesday, Feb. 22, 6 p.m., Student Media Conference Room (Witherspoon 324) – Deja Richards, junior, fashion and textile management
• Agromeck and Windhover Editor candidates – Thursday, Feb. 23, 6:30 p.m., Student Media Conference Room (Witherspoon 324) – Agromeck Editor candidate: Anna Long, freshman, communications; Windhover Editor candidate, C Phillips, sophomore, communications
• WKNC General Manager candidate – Thursday, March 2, 7:30 p.m., Student Media Conference Room (Witherspoon 324) – Jamie Halla, junior, English
After considering each candidate, the advisory boards will submit their recommendations to the full Student Media Board of Directors, which will make the final decision as to next year's leaders.
That meeting will be held at 7 p.m. on Tuesday, March 14, in Room 356 of the Witherspoon Student Center. (Room 356 is located in the African-American Cultural Center.)
For more information, contact Director of Student Media Advising Patrick Neal at pcneal@ncsu.edu or (919) 515-1515.
TORONTO — Barrick Gold Corp. says it does not intend to continue to sell assets to reduce its debt, marking a shift in strategy for the Toronto-based miner.
Barrick chief financial officer Catherine Raw says given the progress it has made, it plans to instead use cash flow from operations and cash on hand to reduce its debt from US$6.4 billion to US$5 billion by the end of the year.
The gold miner had for several years been selling assets to reduce its hefty debt. The change in tactic was announced during its latest round of earnings and discussed on a call with analysts Tuesday.
The miner's first-quarter earnings beat expectations despite falling to US$158 million, down more than 75 per cent from the same period a year ago.
South Korean citizens on Sunday watch North Korean leader Kim Jong-un make a speech on TV at Seoul Station. (Yonhap)
STUNNING VIEWS: The Shell at Nautilus offers a beautiful space by the beach for private and corporate events.
STUNNING VIEWS: The Shell at Nautilus offers a beautiful space by the beach for private and corporate events.
JUST a stroll to the water's edge, The Shell at Nautilus is an exciting venue on the Coffs Coast landscape.
A new deck has been constructed on the top floor of the former restaurant, taking advantage of the stunning water views over Sapphire beach.
The venue is available for hosting elegant and professional corporate events, offering modern facilities and plenty of space.
Weddings will also be a focus at The Shell, and brides and bridegrooms are encouraged to "think outside the box” so that a magical tailored event can be organised to reflect your style.
The Shell at Nautilus is open to the public today from 3pm to 6pm. Enjoy a drink and nibbles and see for yourself how this venue can work for you and your events.
The Shell is located at Nautilus, 8 Solitary Island Way, Coffs Harbour.
For inquiries, phone 1300769934 or email info@theshell.com.au.
TAMPA, Fla. -- The school community is rallying behind their beloved teacher who was murdered by her ex-husband in April.
According to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, more than 70 percent of all murder-suicides involve an intimate partner, and more than 90 percent of the victims in these murder-suicides are female.
Last month, a Tampa teacher became part of that terrible statistic.
Kelly Garrison was shot and killed by her ex-husband. Garrison's ex found her hiding in Georgia at her sister's house where he shot and killed both women before killing himself.
The horrible incident left a 2-year-old girl left without a parent. That's the focus of a GoFundMe account that has taken off.
FUNDRAISING LINK: Honoring Kelly
In just five days, the fundraiser has surpassed the goal of $7,000 by more than $5,000.
Corbett Preparatory School in Tampa is behind the fundraiser. Garrison was a teacher there for 10 years.
All of the money will support Garrison's little daughter, who is now living with Garrison's parents.
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com, visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
THE AVERAGE commuter is now paying around £600 more for a season ticket that at the start of a decade.
As increased rail fares come into force today, analysis of ticket costs has shown the rising price of travelling to work including an increase of up to 30 per cent on many the region's routes.
The Labour party looked at prices on nearly 200 routes and found that some commuters are even paying more than £2,000 more to travel to work than in 2010.
Nationally the highest increase was a season ticket on Virgin Trains between Birmingham and London Euston, which will cost passengers £2,172 more in 2017 than 2010.
In Yorkshire, a season ticket for Leeds to Yorkshire has gone up from £1,756 to £2,232 and from Hull to Leeds from £3,328 to £4,224, Sheffield Meadowhall to Leeds is up from £1,940 to £2,452.
Shadow Transport Secretary Andy McDonald said: “Passengers have faced truly staggering fare rises of over £2,000 since 2010. In some cases, commuters are paying 43 per cent as a direct consequence of decisions made by ministers.
“Fares have risen more than three times faster than wages and passengers on some routes have also been hit by ‘stealth fare rises' of up to 162 per cent.
“Passengers were always told that higher fares were necessary to fund investment, but vital projects have been delayed by years and essential maintenance works have been put on hold.
“The truth is that our heavily fragmented railways mean that it takes years longer and costs much more than it should.”
Public transport campaigners said commuters faced “another kick in the teeth” from the increased fares.
Lianna Etkind, of the Campaign for Better Transport, said: “The fare rises are another kick in the teeth for long-suffering rail passengers. Many experienced a less frequent and more overcrowded service last year, and now they are required to pay more for the same this year. The whole fares system is completely unfair and it's high time the Government overhauled it.”
Christopher Hyomes, from Pontefract, director of communications at independent campaign group Railfuture, said faced with increased prices people could return to driving adding to the congestion problems in places likes Leeds.
“There is that possibility and I think it is one that everybody needs to be aware of, he said.
He added Virgin did not have a total monopoloy on the East Coast and with the fare rise people would look also at independent operators Hull Trains and Grand Central.
Railfuture say the country's walk-on rail fares are already ‘the most eye-watering' in Europe, and passenger growth is slowing for the first time in twenty years as people are priced off the railways.
The Government uses the previous July's Retail Prices Index (RPI) measure of inflation to determine increases in regulated fares, which was 1.9 per cent. Regulated fares are around 40 per cent of all tickets and include season tickets on most commuter routes and some off-peak return tickets on long distance journeys. Train operating companies set the prices of other tickets but are bound by competition rules.
Bruce Williamson, of Railfuture, called on the Government to use the Consumer Prices Index (CPI) for regulated fare rises rather than RPI.
He said: “This is only 0.6 per cent which would be a much more reasonable fare increase. Inflation is set to outstrip wages in 2017, making rail fares even less affordable.”
According to the Rail Delivery Group (RDG), which represents train operators, around 97p in every pound paid by passengers goes back into running and improving services.
RDG chief executive Paul Plummer said: “Nobody wants to pay more to travel to work and at the moment in some places people aren't getting the service they are paying for. However, increases to season tickets are set by government. Money from fares is helping to sustain investment in the longer, newer trains and more punctual journeys that passengers want.”
Transport Secretary Chris Grayling said the Government was delivering the biggest rail modernisation programme for more than a century and had to balance the cost between the taxpayer and the passenger.
Virgin Trains East Coast said there would be 10,000 more discounted fares every week.
VERMILION, Alta. -
The Town of Vermilion has decided to support the Vermilion & District Housing Foundation's (VDHF) request for funding of $130,000 in support of their Vermilion Valley Lodge renovation, following the latest council meeting on Tuesday, Feb. 7.
The amount was determined by VDHF and their Living Well Capital Campaign and presented in front of council at the meeting prior, Jan. 17. The funding is broken down to $1,000 per resident, according to VDHF Chief Administrative Officer Sheri Heller.
“We are truly excited that the town is committing to support the seniors of the community,” she said.
Heller added the $130,000 will be donated over five years, and will be put towards a larger fundraising goal of $1.5 million. The County of Vermilion River has also committed $130,000.
“We are just at the beginning stages of our fundraising, so we want some of our key supporters there, so when we start going out (in the community) to fundraise,” she said. “This is what our seniors deserve. They deserve the support and deserve to live in a facility that is comfortable and provides adequate features.”
The building renovation is expected to cost $14.1 million with the majority of the funding coming from the provincial and federal government and debenture, yet Heller said the funding only supports the building's walls and wiring.
“The extra $1.5 million we are looking to fundraise is going to help us (purchase) the items that are not covered in the grants; things that aren't attached to the building, (such as) landscaping and furniture,” Heller said.
Heller added they are currently over budget, and they are about to go to tender to get exact pricing and see what they can cut out of the building budget. The provincial government supported $245,000 per room, which is less than necessary to marry the new building with the old.
“We are still in talks with the government, but we are letting them know that they underfunded the project here, and so if we don't get it, then the fundraising dollars will have us pick up some of that flack as well.”
Construction has now been pushed back to begin in April.
“We are not building a building with frills. This is a very basic building that just needs to be comfortable, bright, and ready to stand for another 50 years.”
The Rotary Club of Vermilion also decided on Thursday, Feb. 10 to commit $75,000 to the Living Well Capital Campaign, in support of the lodge's renovation.
The renovation will be replacing the three oldest wings of the lodge, which was built in 1960, the dining room, and kitchen. The current structure has 84 suites, ranging from 150 to 280 square feet in size, and no longer fits the Government of Alberta's standards to senior access.
The new building will include 52 new, 350 square feet rooms, which will each have a small kitchenette and walk in shower. Of the 52 rooms, four will be one bedroom couple's suites for a total of 124 rooms and a maximum of 130 residents. There will also be two resident bathing rooms, two bathing assist rooms, new home care office, kitchen, dining room, commercial laundry, staff area, chapel, gathering room, and "man-cave" room with a pool table, big screen television, lounge area, and library.
Within 10 years, it has been predicted that 4,000 area residents will be over the age of 65.
For more information on the Living Well Capital Campaign and to watch an informative video, visit vimeo.com/195236310.
thermiston@postmedia.com
@StandardTay
@VStandard1909
Rome, December 11 - Senate Speaker Pietro Grasso on Sunday presented the symbol of the new leftwing Free and Equal (LeU) party that he will be the premier candidate for at the general election set to be held early in 2018. The former national anti-mafia prosecutor dismissed a suggestion by Democratic Party (PD) leader Matteo Renzi that ex-premier Massimo D'Alema could be the real leader, behind the scenes, of the new group and not him. "I have been heading judges and trials all of my life," Grasso said. "I can lead a party. You'll see". He also said that the future for ex-premier Renzi "may not be very rosy". "When there are 18 million people who are poor it is evident that you have to reconstruct the left and then the country," he said.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle won't be the only couple to host a royal wedding this year. His cousin, Princess Eugenie, is also tying the knot to her longtime boyfriend (and now fiancé), Jack Brooksbank. Here's everything you need to know about the couple's upcoming nuptials.
It will take place on October 12, 2018.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
When Buckingham Palace initially announced the news of the princess' engagement, it said the wedding would take place this autumn. But today, February 2, Prince Andrew, Duke of York (Eugenie's father) revealed the exact date of the ceremony.
It will be in the same venue as Harry and Meghan's wedding.
Brooksbank and Princess Eugenie will say their vows at St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle, the same place where Prince Harry and Markle are tying the knot on May 19.
Most people may associate royal weddings with Westminster Abbey, but St. George's Chapel has been hosting its own I do's since King Edward VII married Princess Alexandra of Denmark in 1863.
More recently, it was the venue for Peter Philipps (Eugenie's cousin) and Autumn Kelly's wedding in 2008, Prince Edward (Eugenie's uncle) and Sophie Rhys-Jones' wedding in 1999, and Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles' marriage blessing in 2005. (They were actually married in a civil ceremony, followed by a blessing at the chapel.)
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The ring is a stunning pink sapphire.
Eugenie's engagement ring features a pink padparadscha sapphire surrounded by smaller diamonds on a yellow gold band. She and Brooksbank apparently worked together to design the ring of gems surrounding the rosy center stone.
Getty Images
It also looks a lot like the ring her father, Prince Andrew, gave to her mother, Sarah Ferguson, in 1986.
Sarah Ferguson's engagement ring from Prince Andrew. Getty Images
Brooksbank proposed in Nicaragua (without the ring).
Brooksbank popped the question to Eugenie in early January 2018 during a scenic trip to Nicaragua.
"We had a beautiful volcano, [the] sun was setting, birds were flying," he told BBC in a joint interview with his fiancée.
"The light was just a special light that I've never seen," Eugenie added. "I actually said, 'This is an incredible moment,' and then he popped the question."
But Jack didn't have the ring on him when he got down on one knee. "I found a ring in a jeweler's, and then proposed to Eugenie without it," he said, because he wanted to make sure she'd approve of the design.
The couple has been together for seven years.
"We met when I was 20 and Jack was 24 and fell in love," the princess said during the interview. She first met Brooksbank, the former manager of Mayfari's Mahiki nightclub, during a ski trip to Verbier, Switzerland.
Follow along for updates as the engaged couple announces more details about their big day.
After nine seasons' worth of episodes, there's no shortage of reasons to love The Office. But throughout the show's entirety, there was always one lovable constant. If you've ever wondered why people love Michael Scott from The Office so much, though, the reason is simple: because he's pretty much the world's best boss.
Was Michael Scott (played by Steve Carell) the world's most conventional boss? Nope. Was he the world's most PC boss? Not exactly. Did he have some strange leadership strategies? Yes, yes he did. But Michael Scott, at his core, was the world's best boss — well, at least as far as fictional paper company bosses go.
Seriously, though — he loved the hell out of his office and everyone in it. He truly cared about his employees at a really deep level — maybe a little too deep, in regards to Ryan Howard, and maybe not quite enough, in regards to Toby Flenderson .... but still.
He did the best he could to make work fun — an almost Herculean feat, considering he was in charge of a company with an earth-shatteringly boring purpose. Not only that, but he made after-hours work functions super fun, too! They may not have always been HR-friendly, per se — but hey, work hard, play hard, right?
People love Michael Scott. And if you're not one of those people yet, you will be. And if the thought of loving Michael Scott so much scares you ... well, good. Because that's exactly what Michael Scott would want.
He Tried To Make Work Fun Giphy Michael Scott wanted to make work fun, so he created a committee to do just that — The Party Planning Committee (not to be confused with The Committee to Plan Parties, of course). Michael Scott loved at-work fun so much that he encouraged the Party Planning Committee to throw nearly 20 parties for employee enjoyment throughout his time at Dunder Mifflin. There were, of course, plenty of Christmas parties over the years. And plenty of birthday-related parties to be had, too. Actually, there were a lot of employee birthday parties. Birthdays were a big deal at Dunder Mifflin. But there was also a bridal shower party for Phyllis, and a baby shower party for Jan. There was a party for the launch of the company's new website, and there was a luau-themed party to celebrate Micheal coming back from vacation. The party possibilities were endless at Dunder Mifflin, and they were all thanks to Michael Scott's make-work-fun motivation.
He Loved His Employees Giphy Michael Scott would have done anything for his employees. Michael Scott would have sacrified everything for his employees. Michael Scott's employees were more like family to him, and the office was more like his home. He wasn't afraid to admit that, either. He straight up said it. In the "Health Care" episode he said, "The most sacred thing I do is care and provide for my workers, my family. I give them money. I give them food. Not directly, but through the money. I heal them." Michael Scott loved his employees so much that he even went so far as to say that, if given a choice, he'd choose his employees over romance. When asked if he was seeing anyone in the episode "Hot Girl" he said, "Do I have a special someone? Well, yeah of course. A bunch of 'em. My employees. If I had to choose between a one-night stand with some stupid cow I pick up in a bar and these people? I'd pick them every time. Because with them, it is an everyday stand and I still know their names in the morning." Beautiful. Pass the tissues.
He Challenged The Norms Giphy Michaet Scott was, at his core, a brilliant philosopher. He questioned everything, all the time, and he thought about things in ways that no one had ever considered before. Like the time he tackled Christianity in the "Fun Run" episode and asked, "Is there a God? If not, what are all these churches for? And who is Jesus' dad?" Michael Scott also refused to conform. He played by his own rules, and encouraged others to do the same. Eat ice cream in the morning! Make friends first, and then worry about making sales second! And like he said in "Grief Counseling," it's okay to cry! "Society teaches us that having feelings and crying is bad and wrong," he said. "Well, that's baloney, because grief isn't wrong. There's such a thing as good grief. Just ask Charlie Brown." You're right, Michael. It is okay to cry.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JAKE DANNA STEVENS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER The Scranton Public Market at the Marketplace at Steamtown is beginning to take shape in the mall's former food court. JAKE DANNA STEVENS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Above: The Scranton Public Market at the Marketplace at Steamtown is beginning to take shape in the mall's former food court. Below: Crews install fixtures at the site of the public market.
The public now can see what developer John Basalyga has in mind for the Marketplace at Steamtown's open-air market.
Work on the highly anticipated Scranton Public Market picked up steam over the last several weeks inside the mall's former food court.
The sound of drills and tile saws competes with the sound of splashing fountains and echoing shoppers' voices in the rest of the downtown mall.
Reclaimed wood paneling in shades of umber cover the upper walls around the perimeter.
The 15-year-old lumber came from a shuttered mill in Clifford Twp., mall spokesman Joe Gibbons said. Carpenters straightened and planed it so it fit together, but preserved
some of the imperfections to achieve a distressed look.
Mall officials said they still hope to open the public market, the mall's former food court now being fashioned to be something like Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia, by October.
Though the public hasn't seen much progress, the mall's owner Basalyga and crew have been working behind the scenes, Gibbons said.
Excitement seems to be accompanying the progress. A 15-second video showing photos of the progress was viewed more than 3,800 times.
Mall officials still have not released a full list of tenants to fill the 40 or so spaces in the public market. Several spots remain unclaimed, and they still seek business owners to fill them.
After the public market opens in October, it should set off a chain reaction followed by the first-floor aquarium and specialty medical group Delta Medix opening soon thereafter, Gibbons said.
“I think they're trying hard to make good use of the space,” said Ellen Casey, who visited the mall Thursday afternoon with her husband, Stephen. “They're certainly trying things that make sense.”
Both said that shopping malls and big-box retail in general have been struggling, and Stephen Casey suggested a varied tenant mix might be the only way to save them.
His wife agreed.
“The advantage of things like Luzerne (County Community College, which opened last year) and Delta Medix is people go there because they have to,” she said.
The couple, who first moved to Scranton in 1969, seemed optimistic about the changes taking place in the former mall.
“We walk around it a fair amount, and now, in August, it's looking better than it has in quite a while,” Stephen Casey said.
In the public market entryway, clean lines separate piebald wood flooring and gray stone-colored tile.
One booth at the entrance has white subway tile, in tasteful contrast with stacked stone facing the one next to it.
Above the threshold, a mossy textured green finish covers the ceiling over three giant, round chandeliers, each with 36 clear bulbs exposing glowing tungsten filament.
At Phyl Your Bags, Lisa Smith volunteers selling handmade goods from local crafters. She recalled the bleak times before Basalyga purchased the mall in 2015.
“We've been here five years,” she said. “We've kind of weathered the storm. It was hard, but we were still hopeful that he was going to pull it all together.”
Contact the writer:
joconnell@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9131;
@jon_oc on Twitter
Accra, 24 April 2018 – The SDG Philanthropy Platform (Ghana) launched a report entitled “Enabling Environment for Philanthropy in Ghana,” to unleash the potential of philanthropic contributions towards the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
The report was based on a study that analyzed the potential of philanthropy in contributing to national development priorities. The study proposes a number of recommendations for consideration to support philanthropy in Ghana and these include the development and implementation of a national policy or framework to propel reforms in the regulatory environment. It also suggests the amendment of the country's Companies Act to include additional categories like philanthropy.
Speaking at the launch of the report, Honourable Carlos Ahenkorah, the Deputy Minister for Trade and Industry underscored the importance of creating an enabling environment for philanthropy to foster sustainable development. He said “we appreciate the valuable effects philanthropy brings on development through the support of Ghana's social sector. Foundations contributed about $500m towards the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals in Ghana and the trend is expected to increase with the more ambitious Sustainable Development Goals.” He indicated that Government will review the study recommendations to inform policy decisions to promote the growth of indigenous philanthropy, which falls in line with the Government's Ghana Beyond Aid agenda.
In her remarks at the launch, Gita Honwana Welch, acting UNDP Ghana Country Director, called for more collaboration between philanthropic organizations and other stakeholders to successfully address the vast challenges defined by the SDGs.
“Achieving the SDGs will require a radical increase in innovations, private sector solutions to social problems, and the adoption of a whole of society approach. Diverse forms of philanthropic giving can drive resource mobilization for the implementation of the SDGs,'' noted Ms. Welch.
Also at the report launch was the Vice President of Rockefeller Philanthropy Advisors, Heather Grady who shared insights from a study report on “Scaling Solutions Towards Shifting Systems,” which was commissioned by the Skoll Foundation and a Steering Group composed of Porticus, Ford, and Draper Richards Kaplan Foundations. Ms. Grady encouraged funders to work in more collaborative ways to achieve system level changes and maximum impact.
The Enabling Environment for Philanthropy in Ghana Report outlines the different streams of giving, captures the history and culture of philanthropy in Ghana, and examines the existing frameworks and how these could create a disabling environment for philanthropy in some areas. Based on the findings, the context and lessons from other countries, the report provides recommendations including the need for policy formulation on philanthropy and capacity development of philanthropy networks to encourage increased partnerships between philanthropic organizations and the public sector towards inclusive growth.
Participants of the report launch came from a cross-section of organizations ranging from government agencies, Foundations, NGOs, and private sector. Key organizations present included Beige Foundation, Africa Women's Development Fund, Newmont Ghana, Reach for Change, Social Enterprise Ghana, CSO Platform on the Sustainable Development Goals, Camfed Ghana, Department of Social Welfare, Ministry of Sanitation and Water Resources, STAR-Ghana, IDP Foundation, Care International, UMB Foundation, WaterAid, Safe Water Network, World Vision, National Development Planning Commission, MBC Africa, among others.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A country mansion worth millions has been snapped up for just £1 in what has been dubbed the 'bargain of the century'.
The grandiose Shire Hall in Presteigne, Mid Wales, has been purchased for the price of a loaf of bread by charity Judge's Lodging Trust.
The 190-year-old property was once a court and luxurious home where judges stayed while sitting in court.
But it was last used by lawmakers 46 years ago and for the last two decades has been a museum and tourism centre.
Michael Jackson's glove, £2m Bugatti and £100m mansion used as evidence of playboy 'looting his own country'
(Photo: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
(Photo: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
(Photo: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
With investment now needed to maintain the mansion as a tourist attraction to more than 11,000 visitors a year, owners Powys County Council has now sold the freehold to the charity for a nominal fee.
A council spokesman said: "The transfer to the trust will ensure the future of the museum in the long term."
Local businessman Tom Evans said: "It's one of the finest buildings in Mid Wales and it's great news that it has its future securfed.
"For £1 it must be the bargain of the century so far."
(Photo: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
(Photo: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
(Photo: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
The property cost around £7,000 to build, but some features, such as the pillars, were done on a budget and are actually made of cast iron, not stone.
The courtroom has remained virtually unchanged since 1830, and is one of the most original 19th Century courtrooms in Britain.
Here's what could be making you pop off. Picture: iStock
Here's what could be making you pop off. Picture: iStock
WE all know someone who can clear a room with one tiny fart.
Some might be proud of their efforts - yes, we are looking at boys - others feel awkward and embarrassed while trying to pin it on the dog.
Popping off is a perfectly natural way for your body to pass excess gas produced during the day - in other words, you can't stop it.
And it happens between five and 15 times a day.
Not all farts smell, in fact some of them have no odour at all and don't even make a noise when they pass.
Others are so pungent people are reaching for something to cover their nose.
So what makes them smell so awful?
It all comes down to what you eat and the gases it makes your body produce - and what you've heard about baked beans isn't wrong.
Foods that make your farts stink
Undigested carbs are the most common reason passing wind smells so bad.
Your stomach struggles to break down certain foods as they move through the bowel.
Sugars like fructose and sorbitol, found in some fruits and artificial sweeteners are one of the main culprits.
Other fart-inducing fiends include soluble fibre found in beans, nuts and fruit; insoluble fibre found in root vegetables and wheat bran; and starches found in corn, wheat and potatoes.
Foods that make one person gassy don't necessarily make another person fart, according to the International Foundation for Functional Gastrointestinal Disorders (IFFGD).
Here's what could be causing you to pop off.
1. Beans
Beans and other foods like asparagus, broccoli, Brussels sprouts and cabbage contain raffinose.
Humans lack the ability to digest raffinose, so when our gut tries to it creates excess gas.
2. Beer
Beer is high in sulphur - a chemical that naturally has quite a pungent smell.
Mix that in your stomach and, well, you can guess the rest.
Other foods that are high in sulphur include broccoli, garlic, onions, cauliflower and wine (sorry ladies).
3. Processed foods
Not so much a specific food as more of a food group, but it does make you gassy.
Processed foods are often high in sugar alcohol, which create gas because the body can't digest them properly.
When is farting a sign of something serious?
There's no point hiding it, we all fart.
But there are times when fluffing goes beyond the expected amount and could be a sign of something serious.
1. Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS)
IBS can be agonising, causing frequent tummy discomfort, bloating, constipation as well as bouts of diarrhoea.
Another symptom of IBS is frequent gas.
IBS can also lead to other complications such as a lack of energy, feeling sick or nauseous, pain during sex and social anxiety and depression.
So if you think you might have the condition speak to a GP.
2. Bowel cancer
Bowel cancer, also known as colon cancer or colorectal cancer, is the second most common form of the disease in the Australia..
The key red flag signs for the disease include blood in your poo, tummy pain, bloating and a change in bowel movements.
A side effect your bowel movements changing can be gas, so if you are farting a lot and notice other symptoms speak to a GP.
3. Coeliac disease
Coeliac disease is an autoimmune digestive condition where the intestines react to gluten and become inflamed.
The adverse reaction can come from the dietary protein which is often found in three cereals: wheat, barley and rye.
The gluten damages the lining of the intestines making the body unable to absorb important nutrients.
Coeliac disease is a life-long condition that can lead to bloating, nausea, excess gas and tiredness, and is only treated by a change in diet.
4. Lactose intolerance
Some people lack an enzyme that allows them to digest lactose found in dairy products.
For these people, drinking milk or eating something like cheese can cause severe tummy upset, diarrhoea, bloating and gas.
If you frequently experience these symptoms after eating dairy you should speak to a GP.
This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been republished with permission.
Accra Hearts of Oak are close to appointing former players, Laryea Kingston and Amankwa Mireku as assistant coach and Team manager respectively
The Accra based club are not in the best of form in the ongoing Ghana Premier League and will look to make changes to that effect.
READ ALSO:FIFA clears league to continue during the FIFA World Cup
The Phobians have accrued 11 points in 9 matches out of possible 27 points and the management
According to reports, there is an impending massive shake which is set to soon hit the technical team of Accra
Laryea Kingston will look to be appointed as the deputy coach of Hearts whereas former captain, Yaw Amankwaah Mireku will occupy the position as team manager in order to overturn the team's misfortune.
READ ALSO:Huddersfied striker Collin Quaner chooses to play for Ghana
Hearts play Kotoko on Sunday at the Baba Yara sports stadium.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Most employers are not aware of "returnship" schemes aimed at giving a route back to work for people who have taken a break in their career, such as mothers, a report shows.
Research by totaljobs found that most employers would offer a return to work programme if there was a Government scheme to help finance it, similar to the apprenticeship levy.
The jobs site said its study of 2,600 jobseekers and 100 employers revealed a lack of awareness of schemes to help mothers or the long-term unemployed, go back to work.
Totaljobs' HR director, David Clift, said: "Returnships are an excellent way of welcoming employees back into the workforce, utilising their skills and making sure talent isn't lost permanently.
"While returnships could be one of the ways of closing the skills gap the UK is facing at the moment, there is much work to be done in educating employers and recruiters on the benefits of such programmes."
What are returnships and how do they work?
(Image: Getty)
A returnship is a professional internship designed to support people that want to get back into employment after a long career break.
It's a short-term position drawing on existing skills and experience, and may be supplemented with relevant training courses - such as CV writing and interview preparation. It also involves mentoring support and managing the transition from home to office.
Contracts typically last around 3-6 months, with a strong possibility of an ongoing role at the end of the programme.
From the employer's side, it means staff have (up to date) access to the skills of an experienced professional - and also allows them to prepare them for a longer term position.
Many employers support and hold returnships - to see if your desired workplace is taking part, search their jobs page or ask their HR department.
If you're an adventurous eater, you may be intrigued about a milk product that's being touted as the newest food trend: Cockroach milk. Unfortunately, it isn't just a clever name for a product — it's literally milk from cockroaches. The phenomenon isn't exactly new — it first went viral after a 2016 study explored the nutritious value of milk from a cockroach species. Even though cockroaches aren't mammals, Diploptera Punctata, a type of Pacific beetle cockroach, gives birth instead of laying eggs, and feeds its young with a liquid similar to human milk. As things on the Internet are wont to do, it inexplicably went viral again this past week. Even though we first mentally processed this two years ago, people are talking about cockroach milk and wondering whether it's the future. The answer is two-fold.
What is cockroach milk? It's a real thing, even though it sounds like an email hoax. The study from 2016, conducted by India's Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine (IUCr), concluded that the crystals produced by cockroaches are nutritious and could be valuable for humans. But will you ever drink cockroach milk? It's unlikely, BuzzFeed News reports. If you're looking for a sustainable dairy alternative, you're much better off with another option. Even though seeing cockroach milk for sale would be quite the experience, it isn't realistic.
Jonathan Wood/Getty Images News/Getty Images
After the 2016 research went viral, the scientists behind the project hinted that the proteins in cockroach milk could end up being nutritious for humans. "The crystals are like a complete food – they have proteins, fats and sugars. If you look into the protein sequences, they have all the essential amino acids," said study author Sanchari Banerjee in an interview with The India Times. But even though the internet collectively laughed and cried at the idea of a cockroach milk factory, it's not going to happen.
First, cockroaches aren't cows or goats, and you can't harvest the milk while a cockroach is alive. Buzzfeed reports that researchers have to slice open pregnant cockroaches, take apart an embryo, and use a pipette to get to the liquid. And it's not just time-intensive — the number of cockroaches required to make enough of the substance to merit consuming it is seriously astounding. According to a report from Inverse, you would need to kill 1,000 cockroaches to get 100 grams of milk, which is roughly 3.5 ounces. That means a glass of milk would require more than 2,000 dead cockroaches. If we continue to scale up, that means a gallon of cockroach milk would require roughly 38,000 dead cockroaches. Though you may think cockroaches are an abundant resource, especially during the summer in New York City, the amount of labor required to extract the nutrients is extremely ineffective.
Compare that process to oat milk, a dairy substitute made from rolled oats and water that can be made at home and, according to one recipe site, only takes five minutes to make. The obvious bonus is that it doesn't involve cockroaches, and it's reportedly pretty tasty, in addition to being dairy-free and nutritious. The impact that large-scale cockroach harvesting could have on the environment isn't known, but HuffPo notes that the bugs release nitrogen after feedings, which can help forest health. And killing millions of cockroaches to make milk seems like a waste of resources when you think about the effort involved.
So fear not — no one is going to prank you with a frothy glass of cockroach milk anytime soon, and adventurous eaters will have to find something else to set their sights on. While the protein crystals produced by the cockroaches could prove useful for researchers, especially evolutionary scientists, it's not going to impact your diet. If you want to try something other than cow's milk, it's best to stick with the safe and boring options you're already aware of, like oat, soy, or almond milk.
LAS VEGAS — The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers estimated Wednesday that the two largest resort operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike at any time starting Friday.
The Culinary Union released documents explaining how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half of the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job.
Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 hotels would impact Las Vegas overall, since the last citywide labor action took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show the one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
The workers' contracts expire at midnight Thursday. They are bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
More: Las Vegas casino workers could strike for the first time in more than 3 decades
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, on Wednesday said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it “can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides.”
Caesars said it “expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires.” About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations.
The union said it is asking both companies for new-skill training and job opportunities as the operators continue to adopt new technology that can displace workers; an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers; and contract language that would protect the workers if properties are sold.
“What is going to happen to my position?” Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace, said. “I think they are going to be disappearing it because robots are going to be available to deliver everything.”
He said he wants training to fix or program the robots that he believes could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average wage increases of 4 percent a year for the new five-year contract. A document states the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase for each of the five years.
Meanwhile, Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Mr. Speaker, the Government of the Northwest Territories is following through on its mandate commitment to strengthen connections with public and private sector partners and work to secure funding to advance planning and construction of transportation projects and invest in strategic transportation infrastructure across the Northwest Territories. These partnerships have resulted in investments to improve the quality of the NWT highway system, which increases public safety and ensures efficient delivery of essential goods and services for communities.
This summer, the Government of the Northwest Territories through the Department of Infrastructure will oversee the delivery of a total of $46.4 million in rehabilitation of transportation related projects across the territory.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to provide a brief summary of these ongoing improvements, starting with Highway No. 1, a section of which will undergo embankment rehabilitation and drainage improvements. In addition, 76 kilometres of this highway will be chipsealed including the Fort Simpson and Kakisa Access Roads.
Sections of Highway No. 3 will also receive rehabilitation and 84 kilometres of that highway will receive chipseal resurfacing. Additionally, a number of culverts are being replaced in an effort to address drainage issues. The Deh Cho Bridge embankment remediation work will also be completed by the fall.
Highway No. 4, better known as the Ingraham Trail, will see embankment reconstruction and culvert installations, as well as additional improvements to drainage and guardrail installations where appropriate over the summer.
Fort Resolution Highway No. 6 will undergo similar embankment reconstruction and drainage improvements, in addition to chipseal resurfacing at various kilometers, which will result in a fully chipsealed surface for this highway by fall 2018. Highway No. 7 will undergo resurfacing, repairs and drainage improvements to mitigate impacts on the highway's water-susceptible soil.
Work will also be done on the Dempster Highway over the summer and will include gravel hauling, crushing and stockpiling, and the replacement of steel pipe culverts. In addition, Inuvik Airport Access Road will receive highway rehabilitation work.
Mr. Speaker, the Department is also making ongoing improvements to our inventory of bridges across the highway system. Work this summer includes the rehabilitation of two truss bridges on Highway No. 5 that have reached or surpassed their 50-year mark. Rehabilitation of the Buffalo River Bridge is scheduled for completion this year, while work on the Hay River to Pine Point Bridge will be tendered this summer in time for construction work to commence in October, 2018.
Pre-engineering work in support of moving the existing Oscar Creek Bridge located along the Mackenzie Valley Winter Road onto the future alignment of the all-weather Mackenzie Valley Highway will also take place. This work will also include geotechnical investigations, and hydrotechnical, wildlife, and fish studies. Construction will commence in the 2019-2020 fiscal year.
In addition to rehabilitation work on our major highways, construction will continue on the Canyon Creek All Season Road south of Norman Wells, and is expected to be complete by fall 2018.
Mr. Speaker, highway construction and rehabilitation of Northwest Territories highways are made possible through federal funding provided through the Provincial-Territorial Infrastructure Component of the New Building Canada Plan for the Government of the Northwest Territories' first two bundles of highway capacity improvement projects.
As announced in Behchoko in January, the federal government has approved a third bundle of projects, which will build upon the improvements of bundles 1 and 2 and support job creation and economic growth across the territory. This bundle will provide $95.5 million for additional improvements to the NWT highway system starting in 2019-2020. That includes 75 percent of costs from the federal government with the GNWT contributing the remaining 25 percent. Mr. Speaker, all of this work is providing important economic and employment opportunities for local and northern businesses.
Mr. Speaker, highway rehabilitation safeguards these important infrastructure assets, which provide critical connections for people and communities. This government is committed to continuing to enhance the quality of our highways and to increase our resiliency to the unique challenges of our climate so that our residents and visitors of the Northwest Territories feel secure in the reliability of the transportation system. As always, I am pleased to see these improvements continue and look forward to the progress of work we will see throughout the territory this summer.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
NGA's West Coast base looking to set down roots with industry as it reaches new heights with satellite data Technology
Kylie Jenner is having an air-conditioned dog house built for her pet pooches.
The 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians' star no doubt has her hands full with her five-month-old daughter Stormi, whom she has with her boyfriend Travis Scott, but she doesn't want her spoilt canines Norman and Bambi and their puppies to feel left out so she has had a plush pad built outside for them to escape to when they want.
Taking to her Snapchat account, the 20-year-old beauty gave fans a quick look at the outside of her dog house, which has been decked and has a white picket fence, and she said: "You guys, my doghouse is almost done! How cute!"
Kylie is known for giving her dogs the life of luxury as Norman and Bambi - which are Italian greyhounds - have their own bedrooms, complete with a plush bed and fancy fireplace, inside her lavish mansion in California.
Taking to her Snapchat last year, Kylie uploaded photo of her furry friends' abode.
She wrote alongside the shot: "Norman & Bambi's room (sic)."
It's not known if her other puppy Penny, who was given to her by her best friend Jordyn Woods for her birthday in August 2016, has a separate room or whether she shares with Kylie's little sausage dog Ernie in a different area of the expensive house.
Kylie also refused to attend the American Music Awards at the end of 2016 because Bambi went into labour and she didn't want to miss the birth of her babies.
She tweeted at the time: "For those asking I was planning on going to AMA this year but Bambi went into labor so I'm here taking care of puppies (sic)"
Asked by one of her followers if she plans on keeping them, she wrote: "Yes I knew but I just wasn't planning on breeding my dogs. It only takes one time people lol ... Yes they are so cute this has been an amazing experience (sic)"
Trio of Gamecocks joins Team USA in Seattle
COLUMBIA, S.C. – USA Basketball Women's National Team training camp opens today with three Gamecock ties participating in the three-day camp in Seattle that culminates in an exhibition game against China on Thu., April 26, at KeyArena. South Carolina head coach Dawn Staley is also the U.S. National Team head coach for this quadrennium (2017-20) as the Americans prepare for international competitions that can qualify them for the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo. Gamecock alumnae Allisha Gray and Tiffany Mitchell are two of the 19-player roster for this week's camp.
“I'm excited to have this group of players joining us in camp,” Staley said. “I look forward to working with them and gaining some more chemistry with both players and staff, now that we have a staff in place. We can get a lot more done and really focus on in-game situations, especially with the exhibition against China at the end of camp.”
The Seattle training camp is the third under Staley in the USA's preparations for the 2018 FIBA World Cup, which will be held Sept. 22-30 in Tenerife, Spain. Members of the national team first gathered Sept. 30-Oct. 2, 2017, in Santa Barbara, Calif., and concluded a Feb. 9-11, 2018, camp at the University of South Carolina.
Listed among the April training camp roster are seven Olympic and FIBA World Cup gold medalists. The U.S. National Team pool includes 15 other players who were not able to attend this week's camp, including 2018 South Carolina alumna A'ja Wilson.
Assisting Staley and the USA National Team through the 2018 FIBA World Cup are a trio of head coaches – Dan Hughes (Seattle Storm), Cheryl Reeve (Minnesota Lynx) and Jennifer Rizzotti (George Washington).
As was the case of the past three quadrenniums, the 2018-20 USA National Team roster will be fluid. It is expected that the official, 12-member 2018 USA World Cup and 2020 U.S. Olympic teams, should the USA qualify to compete in Tokyo, will be comprised of players from the 2018-20 USA National Team.
Coffs Harbour Anzac day parade 2018: Hundreds of people gather for the 2018 Coffs Harbour Anzac day parade.
HUNDREDS of locals and visitors gathered in the CBD as the Anzac parade filled the streets and led them to the Coffs Harbour Cenotaph.
Wreaths were laid upon the bronze statue of Simpson and his Donkey and a minutes silence was held to commemorate those who served our country for the freedom and life we live now.
They shall grow not old, as we that are left grow old. Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn. At the going down of the sun and in the morning, we will remember them.
LONDON: England captain Joe Root says controversial plans for a domestic 100-ball competition could attract a new audience to Test cricket.
The England and Wales Cricket Board's proposal to introduce a new format, tentatively titled “the Hundred”, with 15 regular six-ball overs and one 10-ball over, has proved divisive since an announcement last week but the England skipper is on board with the idea.
One of the fundamental aims of the ECB is to simplify the game for a fresh audience, specifically women and children, and Root thinks if the format takes off it could lead to interest in the longer forms of the game.
“It's going to appeal to a completely new audience and I think that's great,” Root told the i newspaper. “The more people and kids we can get into sport, the better.
“We've got to be very careful we don't measure it against the other formats… it's something to gather a new audience and gain interest, not a threat to other formats. As players, working with the ICC (International Cricket Council), we've got to make sure the other formats don't suffer but it has a place in the game and, hopefully, we'll see that over time.
“There will be people that compare it to Twenty20 and worry it might take away interest from Test cricket, but it's important to remember it will bring new people to the game.
“It might be someone who didn't know much about the game before and then goes on to watch a Test match and gets immersed in that. That's the way I'd like to look at it.”
Root's predecessor as England captain, Alastair Cook, described the format as “another interesting step for cricket”.
“If you went back to 2003 when the ECB first launched T20 cricket, if social media had been around then I'm sure quite a few people would probably have kicked up the same amount of fuss as they have here,” he told Sky Sports.
“It's different, it's exciting. How it all works with the County Championship and Test matches and when it's played, a lot of that (planning) is still to be done. But I think it's another interesting step for cricket.
“Cricket has made huge changes over the years and since I've started in 2003 — T20 being one of them. Let's see how it all pans out. Whether I'll be there to play I don't know but I'll certainly be watching it.”—AFP
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
COURTESY OF HAVERFORD COLLEGE The Pink Marilyn GREG GORMAN VIA SOCIAL FABRIC COLLECTIVE / SUBMITTED PHOTO Andy Warhol portrait
Andy Warhol revolutionized pop art in the 1960s and turned into a household name.
Today, art aficionados can see his work at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City, the Andy Warhol Museum in Pittsburgh and, starting this week, the new Sordoni Art Gallery at Wilkes University.
After two years of planning, the gallery reopens Friday, Oct. 6, in its new location at Karambelas Media Center, 141 S. River St., Wilkes-Barre, with the Warhol exhibit, “15 Minutes: From Image To Icon.”
Heather Sincavage, assistant professor and gallery director, assembled and curated the show over several months, coordinating with other colleges and universities to borrow Warhol pieces. Many came from the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program, which the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts established and which has donated more than 28,500 Warhol photographs to educational institutions across the United States. More than 180 colleges and university museums, galleries and art collections received a curated selection of original Polaroid photographs and gelatin silver prints.
“The goal was to target those colleges that couldn't otherwise afford or have the means to get the art,” Sincavage said. “They wanted to expand the reach of Warhol's body of work, widening access to Warhol.”
One of the universities to receive some of these pieces was Sincavage's former employer, University of Maine at Presque Isle, so she could pull from pieces she already knew. The 78 pieces featured at the Wilkes exhibit are courtesy of that school plus the Maslow Collection at Marywood University, Dickinson College, Haverford College and the Warhol Museum.
Warhol helped define a new age of fine art and influenced society to, in turn, create pop culture. This exhibition examines his inspiration, process and wide impact on fine and commercial art.
“As I was getting into curating this exhibit, I got into the idea of mortality,” Sincavage said. “Warhol was full of flashy and superficial attachments, which is why I think his films are my favorite. He really slowed down how we look at things. The 13 screen tests might be seen as beautifully boring to some, but there is a sort of beauty in slowing down.”
“15 Minutes” splits Warhol's career into three major groups: the Campbell's soup can and pop art phase, his transition into film with the screen tests and, finally, how he flowed into the business of art, with portraits of celebrities and people who wanted to be portrayed in the vein of Marilyn Monroe.
Throughout the exhibit, guests can find QR codes next to pieces of art. Using a smartphone, art lovers can scan the codes to bring up more information about the individual pieces.
“I feel as though we've really tried to create an in-depth show,” said Sincavage, who hung up each piece.
A new era
In September 2015, Wilkes University announced plans to move the art gallery in order to “enrich the arts experience on campus for faculty, staff and, most importantly, students while contributing to the cultural life of Wilkes-Barre and the Wyoming Valley,” president Patrick F. Leahy said in a statement. A three-part plan to revitalize the gallery included de-accessioning, or selling off the current collection of art; hiring a faculty member to run the art gallery; and moving the gallery to a more public location.
In the Karambelas Center, the new Sordoni Art Gallery takes up 3,200 square feet, more than double the space of the old gallery, Sincavage said.
“I think with the strategic plan, president Leahy was looking to be far more accessible than we were over on (the former gallery on) River Street,” she said. “We're (now) able to take on diverse kinds of exhibitions. It was hard to do larger-scale or sculpture art in the old space. … It's great to have this substantial endowment now, so we can get these high-profile artists that are accessible for local residents.”
In addition to the exhibit, the gallery will host the Warhol Wednesday Lecture Series to delve deeper into the artist and his work. They include a curator's tour of the gallery on Oct. 11, “Andy Warhol Is a V: Philosophical Bachelorhood & the Celibate Factory” by Dr. Benjamin Kahan of Louisiana State University on Oct. 25 and “Andy and the Rusyns” by Dr. Elaine Rusinko of University of Maryland, Baltimore County, on Nov. 15.
“That one focuses on his Eastern European roots,” Sincavage said of the final lecture. “I think it's especially interesting because of the high population of Eastern European heritage in this area. It's a way for people to relate to him since he seems so New York, but he was really from a modest background. It's very much a part of his life.”
The lectures take place at 4:30 p.m. in Room 135. All Sordoni exhibits and events are free and open to the public.
Contact the writer:
cjacobson@citizensvoice.com; 570-821-2061;
@CVcljacobson on Twitter
If you go
What: Andy Warhol, “15 Minutes: From Image to Icon”
Where: Sordoni Art Gallery, Karambelas Media Center at Wilkes University, 141 S. Main St., Wilkes-Barre
When: Friday, Oct. 6, through Wednesday, Dec. 20; ribbon-cutting ceremony, Oct. 6, 4:30 p.m.; opening reception, Oct. 6, 5 to 7 p.m.
Lecture series: Curator's tour by Heather Sincavage, Oct. 11; “Andy Warhol Is a V: Philosophical Bachelorhood & the Celibate Factory” by Dr. Benjamin Kahan of Louisiana State University, Oct. 25; and “Andy and the Rusyns” by Dr. Elaine Rusinko of the University of Maryland, Baltimore County, Nov. 15; all at 4:30 p.m., Room 135 of the Media Center
Contact: wilkes.edu/ sordoniartgallery
Ever since it was first proposed, the mere idea of cloning living creatures has been controversial – especially the suggestion of cloning human beings. The topic, however, has proven to be popular in the realm of science fiction, with countless movies tackling the concept and its moral implications. From blockbusters like The 6th Day to thrillers like The Boys From Brazil and Splice, the idea of human cloning has proven to be a playground for filmmakers to explore ethics and morality (or the lack thereof) in the field of science.
Now, Keanu Reeves of John Wick fame will not only headline the latest cinematic stab at human cloning, but will also return to the science fiction genre. Long-time fans of the actor know that Reeves catapulted to superstardom with The Matrix trilogy – one of Hollywood's most influential sci-fi franchises – and his return to the genre is certainly something to look forward to. Check out the trailer below.
In #Replicas, Reeves plays the synthetic biologist Will Foster, who clones his family after they die in a fatal car crash. Replicas will delve into the ramifications of Foster's choice, and how his decisions affect his loved ones. Aside from Reeves, Replicas also stars Black Mirror's Alice Eve as Mona Foster and Thomas Middleditch of Silicon Valley fame as Will's fellow scientist. Helmed by Homeland director Jeffrey Nachmanoff, Replicas will hit cinemas sometime next year.
'John Wick: Chapter 2' [Credit: Summit Entertainment]
Ever since he returned to acting after a short hiatus, Reeves has been on a roll. While the John Wick movies are arguably his biggest hits since The Matrix, Reeves has been spending a lot of time starring in independent efforts like Eli Roth's Knock Knock or Nicolas Winding Refn's The Neon Demon. Though these movies may not be the most lucrative features that Reeves has participated in, his acting is often praised and fans continually anticipate his upcoming features.
With Replicas, Reeves adds yet another interesting film to his long and colorful career. With his return to the genre that made him the superstar he is today, seeing the guy who portrayed the messianic Neo in The Matrix play god in 2018 is certainly something to look forward to.
What do you think of Replicas? Will you check it out? Share your thoughts in the comments below.
Stickers promoting the hate group have been posted all over Canberra.
Stickers promoting the hate group have been posted all over Canberra.
AN AUSTRALIAN Neo-Nazi hate group appears to be making a resurgence after a series of racist stickers were posted in Canberra's city centre in its name.
The stickers feature the Nazi swastika, as well as the words "Antipodean Resistance" and "21st century Hitler Youth".
Canberrans Dave McCarthy and Augustine Bamberry found and removed the stickers.
They posted images of them to social media on Friday to help spread awareness, encouraging others to take them down.
Dave was on his way to work when he noticed the sticker on the Canberra Museum and Gallery's entrance sign.
"I pulled it down, then 50 metres further on saw the same sticker stuck directly onto the Canberra Theatre Centre and also pulled it down," he told news.com.au.
"It's the first time I've seen something so blatantly like that in Canberra. I've seen patriot groups of a similar ilk come and go over the years, but to be flagging Nazism so prominently... never seen that."
Augustine went looking for the posters after he saw Dave's post.
"Later that afternoon, I went for a walk around the city to search for more so I could remove them," he told news.com.au. "I found five and made a post also asking people to remove them if they saw them as well."
Stickers promoting the hate group have been posted all over Canberra.
Since Friday, Augustine said he's seen and removed a bunch of other posters with his friends, in a number of places around the CBD.
In one instance, it appeared to be placed over a pro-marriage equality sticker on a pole.
"They were all stuck to poles around the city. Outside the Canberra Theatre, Ainslie Place, along City Walk, in Garema Place and other streets in the city," he said.
He said it was the first time he'd seen anything like this in progressive Canberra, and believes there may be more out there.
Friends warned people not to pull the posters down with bare hands, claiming the perpetrators can put razor blades behind them.
This was not the case on the stickers pulled down recently.
Augustine and his friends removed the posters from around the city centre.
Antipodean Resistance is a hate group that hails Hitler and opposes Jews, non-white people and the LGBTQ community.
It claims the world is "very sick" and describes itself as the "Hitlers you've been waiting for", and their website states their aim was to "provide an alternative for young Australians to the filth of modern society by setting a good example for people to live up to".
The cowardly members don't actually put their names to their posts - the group operates as a collective under the veil of anonymity.
The posters evoke Nazi imagery.
Last month, it was revealed that similar posters had been spread across Sydney.
In January, their hateful posters were seen around Charles Sturt University in Bathurst.
The posters bare anti-Semitic and homophobic slogans, often accompanied by violent images.
news.com.au has seen but chosen not to publish the more graphic posters.
Another Antipodean Resistance poster, which was posted at Charles Sturt University earlier.
But from a legal perspective, there are limitations on what can be done about it.
In 1989, Section 20D of the NSW Anti-Discrimination Act was introduced, which prohibited incitement to violence.
But since the law was put in place, there has not been one conviction for such behaviour.
Last November, the NSW Cabinet refuted an attempt by the Attorney-General Mark Speakman to bring in effective incitement laws.
Under the law presently, police would have to prove that an offender committed a crime because someone else told them to do it, making it difficult to take action against those who spread these posters around cities.
Speaking on 2GB last month, NSW Jewish Board of Deputies CEO Vic Alhadeff said more had to be done.
"It's disgraceful, it's horrific, it's unacceptable that anybody in this country in 2018 can publicall call for violence, death, murder against any group of fellow Australians," Mr Alhadeff said.
"The law in NSW effectively says, go for your lfie. Let's wait until something happens before we take action.
"The police cannot have their hands tied in that way."
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
HAPPY FAMILY: Amy Lee and Shane Stidolph with daughter Aria, 4, are all smiles after the wedding.
HAPPY FAMILY: Amy Lee and Shane Stidolph with daughter Aria, 4, are all smiles after the wedding. CHM Photography
AFTER weeks of feeling her little baby girl move inside her belly, Amy Lee Stidolph heard devastating news she hopes no other mother has to hear.
A miscarriage took away the hope of adding to her small family, but now Mrs Stidolph, 27, has married the man who was her rock through it all.
When she was 21, Mrs Stidolph was diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) and she has endured fertility issues ever since.
Four years ago, she and now-husband Shane were blessed with a "miracle baby", Aria, but the birth almost resulted in a hysterectomy.
Medical staff saved her uterus and after eight months of trying, she fell pregnant again at the end of last year.
"Once you get to 12 weeks you assume everything is right, but we were on high alert," she said.
In March her fears were realised, when she was told her daughter Foo required a medically induced termination at 15 weeks due to genetic defects, a low chance of survival and high chance of severe health defects.
"You feel empty because you've bought the clothes, you've got the room ready and then it's all over," she said.
"It's hard trying to explain to a four year old."
But Mrs Stidolph then spent five days in induced labour to give birth to Foo, who was just 13cm long and passed away 12 hours before being induced.
"No one tells you that if you lose a baby after 12 weeks you have to have the baby, there's no other termination options," she said.
"You literally have a baby, it's still the exact same pain as you would be going through that's full term."
But she said the trauma was made harder because she was not given the benefit of maternity leave to recover, which is available to women who lose a child after 16 weeks.
"There should be something that helps women over 12 weeks, you can't go through the labour process, to just have enough time off for your physical body and mentality is huge," she said.
Amy Lee and Shane Stidolph with daughter Aria, 4, after their wedding at Leslie Park. CHM Photography
Mrs Stidolph said she was grateful Mr Stidolph stuck by her through the ordeal.
On Friday she gave the ultimate thank you, by marrying her partner of 10 years in a small ceremony at Leslie Park.
With Aria as a flower girl, the marriage was a way for the family to cement their commitment to each other.
"Once you've got kids, if you can save money it's well worth it, especially after losing a child, family is everything," Mrs Stidolph said.
Mrs Stidolph will be donating her wedding dress to Angel Gowns, a charity that creates funeral garments for families who have lost a young child.
She hopes to see more research and support for women facing PCOS and miscarriage.
"Although it makes you feel less of a woman because you can't easily carry babies, it shouldn't have that stigma in society," Mrs Stidolph said.
"If women feel comfortable to talk about things like this and doctors are open to doing research, we can prevent this from happening."
How should the U.S. respond to cyberattacks? That's been a major question at this year's RSA security conference, following Russia's suspected attempt to influence last year's election.
Clearly, the government should be doing more on cybersecurity, said U.S. lawmakers and officials at the show, but they admit that politics and policy conflicts have hampered the government's approach.
“I wish the federal government could do this, but it's very hard, unfortunately, due to partisan politics,” said Virginia State Governor Terry McAuliffe, during a speech at the show. “They haven't been able to take the lead on this issue as they should have.”
Instead, it might be up to the states to assume a larger role in promoting cybersecurity, given that divisive U.S. politics at the federal level have been stalling government action, McAuliffe said on Tuesday.
Michael Kan The RSA conference 2017.
Collectively, state governments store more data than the federal government, including residents' tax returns, healthcare records and drivers' licenses, he said. That can make them targets of hackers, so McAuliffe has been urging other states to make cybersecurity a priority.
“It's up to the governors of this country to lean in and take the lead,” he said.
At the RSA show, U.S. Representative Michael McCaul also spoke and said the U.S. is falling behind on cybersecurity, pointing to the numerous hacks from state-sponsored hackers. “We are in the fight of our digital lives and we are not winning,” he said.
McCaul, who also chairs the House committee on Homeland Security, said Russia's suspected involvement in influencing last year's election was a “wake-up call.” But he was disappointed with the responses from the administration of President Barack Obama and Donald Trump, then a presidential candidate, to the Kremlin's alleged meddling.
“If there are no consequences for bad behavior, the bad behavior will continue,” he said. “Unfortunately, we still do not have a clear proportionate response, policies for striking back.”
However, actually coming up with a U.S. doctrine on stopping serious cyberattacks is easier said than done.
“One of the big questions out there is what is an act of war in cyberspace?” said Daniel Lerner, a staff member at the U.S. Senate committee on Armed Services, who also spoke at the show.
Currently, the U.S. treats every serious cyberattack on a case-by-case basis, which does little to dissuade the state-sponsored hackers from attacking in the first place, he said.
“That's no way to project deterrence. And it really undermines our overall security posture, if every instance is a crisis,” Lerner said.
It doesn't help that trying to accurately prove a foreign country was behind a cyberattack can be incredibly hard and might involve sensitive intelligence.
For instance, U.S. intelligence agencies have declined to share publicly classified evidence showing why they suspect Russia was behind last year's election-related hacks. In addition, the Kremlin has denied any involvement.
Nevertheless, more officials in the U.S. government want to see the country take action in the event of another cyberattack, said Brendan Shields, staff director at the House committee of Homeland Security.
“The fuse is getting shorter and shorter,” he said at a panel discussion at RSA. “I think there is a growing desire for making sure deterrence is real.”
Michael Kan Virginia state governor Terry McAuliffe (left) speaking at the RSA conference.
However, going after state-sponsored hackers is only one aspect of the problem. Much more of it has to do with defense, and protecting users from hacking threats that are coming over consumer-made products or websites.
It's an area where the private sector also needs to play a crucial role, given that IT vendors have most of the cybersecurity talent, said the Virginia governor.
“We need your ideas. We need the private sector,” McAuliffe said. “We at the state government cannot drive this. The federal government cannot drive this.”
Roseanne Barr feels "sick" that her former co-stars Laurie Metcalf and John Goodman have lost their jobs.
The 65-year-old actress had her eponymous sitcom cancelled by ABC earlier this week after she posted a racist tweet about former White House adviser Valerie Jarrett, and Roseanne has now expressed regret about "two of the greatest actors in the world" are also losing their jobs.
She wrote on the micro-blogging website: "I just wish ABC had not thrown two of the greatest actors in the world out with me-Laurie and John. I'm so sick over this-they will never have better character actors on their network. (sic)"
John, 65, played Roseanne's on-screen husband, Dan Conner, in the hugely popular sitcom.
However, the veteran star has claimed he hasn't been following the controversy, which erupted after Roseanne likened Jarrett to an ape.
He insisted: "I don't know anything about it. I don't read it."
By contrast, Michael Fishman - who played the part of D.J. Conner on 'Roseanne' - blasted her co-star's comments, describing them as "intolerable".
In a statement, he explained: "I believe our show strived to embrace different backgrounds and opinions, through open dialogue.
"While I am going to miss being part of the ABC family, I believe that to sit back, or remain silent in an attempt to distance myself from the actions/statements of others would unintentionally endorse or placate those statements which I find truly offensive.
"My character was designed to represent the inclusive nature of my views. To represent portions of society often marginalized.
The 43 muscles in every human's face can tell a strong story of how we feel. The eyes and mouth are the most important and revealing of our features — and are directly connected to our brain via the facial nerves, which reveal how we think and feel. Faces can tell stories of malnutrition and disease as much as they can talk of talent, thoughts and emotions.
Our charitable sector is on a collision course with inexorable trends in demographics and giving. Three-quarters of Canadian donations are made by people aged 50 and over. This donor population is shrinking and donation levels are dropping across all age categories.
As former Governor General David Johnston said earlier this year: Charities must innovate to attract a new generation of donors.
We believe it's time technology companies stepped up and made this easier, and we're not alone.
An admirable few are already making progress. Some have partnered with such groups as the Upside Foundation of Canada and Founders Pledge to donate equity. Others are working with groups like Plugin to connect with their communities.
While commendable, these efforts don't fully address the urgent challenges of the charitable sector. We need to do more.
While some blame the lack of donations on the greed of technology entrepreneurs, the fact is most technology companies are cash-poor and their customers aren't local. While a local business might justify a donation to the local symphony as "advertising," that rationale does not apply when your customers are primarily abroad.
While some companies eventually grow into profitability, a typical software company that announces a $5-million investment round may very well be losing upward of $2 million every year. And it's difficult to develop a philanthropic culture when technology companies have notoriously short lifespans. The average age of a company listed on the S&P 500 index has fallen from almost 60 years in the 1950s to less than 20 years today, and technology companies now make up 43 per cent of the Fortune 500, but comprise only 15 per cent of the most charitable.
Not only are technology companies poor at donating, they are also supplanting traditional businesses that had more robust histories of philanthropy.
We founded Kiite with a promise to break the mould. That's why we recently launched a new program, the Kiite Community Fund, with the hope to inspire others to do the same. The fund is an endowment established with a donation from Kiite and will grow with ongoing contributions from the company and our employees.
Since tech employees earn larger-than-average salaries, we realized a payroll giving program held the greatest potential to make a real impact. Every Kiite employee can opt in or out at any point. This gives them the flexibility to contribute when they're able and withdraw when they need or want to. We talk openly about the program and encourage people to participate, but doing so is optional and anonymous, because an inclusive space is one where every individual has the power to make choices in their own best interests.
3 Shot, Including 2 Police Officers, In Dallas
Updated at 7:15 p.m. ET
Two police officers were shot and critically wounded Tuesday in Dallas, police said.
The shooter has not been captured, reported TV station WFAA. Police were searching in a wooded area behind the Home Depot where the shooting happened, according to the Dallas Morning News.
A civilian was also shot. Police said the person's condition was unknown.
The incident happened as the officers helped a security guard "responding to an incident" at the Home Depot, WFAA said. The TV station described both officers as "rookies in their 20s" and said one of them was shot in the back of the head.
A nearby stop on the regional DART train will be closed indefinitely because of the police presence.
City officials, including Mayor Mike Rawlings, offered good wishes to the officers Tuesday evening.
This is a breaking news story. This post will be updated.
India's domestic agricultural policies are largely aimed at food security and price stabilization and often put export restrictions to control food inflation. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
India needs to form a US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-like agency to have an integrated approach to both agricultural production and trade, to double agri-exports to $60 billion by 2022 from $30 billion now, according to the draft agri-export policy released by the commerce ministry on Monday.
“It may be worthwhile to work towards a similar agency in India which is all encompassing in nature, covering both domestic and international market, so as to have a calibrated approach in export and imports,” the report released for stakeholder consultation said.
Commerce minister Suresh Prabhu, who had announced the need for such a policy on his first day in office, had said that a stable agri-export policy is needed to fulfil Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision to double farm income by 2022.
India's domestic agricultural policies are largely aimed at food security and price stabilization and often put export restrictions to control food inflation.
For example, the three-year (2008-11) ban on non-basmati rice exports to control retail inflation despite sufficient stocks led to a notional loss of $5.6 billion to the industry and forex losses to the government.
“Over the three years, 14.6 million tonnes of non-basmati rice could have been exported,” the report said.
India's agricultural exports basket is a diversified mix led by marine products ($5.8 billion), meat ($4 billion) and rice ($6 billion), which together constitute around 52% of its total agricultural exports. India's share in global exports of agriculture products has increased from 1% a few years ago to 2.2 % in 2016.
The draft policy also advocated promoting export-oriented clusters and agriculture export zones (AEZs) in partnership with private exporters who will have a natural incentive to promote such clusters. This will be key to ensure surplus produce with standard physical and quality parameters which meet export demands.
“There are opportunities for developing agriculture export SEZs mainly aimed at producing agriculture commodities for certain countries which are largely dependent on import of agriculture products. The interest of some countries (having substantial gap in domestic availability of grains, vegetables and fruits) can be explored for bringing in foreign direct investment (FDI) into agriculture export SEZ in order to ensure food security of that country. There can be complete buyback arrangements by the countries which are bringing in FDI, thus providing a stable market for Indian exports,” it added.
The commerce ministry has also sought to provide policy assurance to producers that processed agricultural and organic products will not be put under export restrictions such as minimum export price, export duty even when the primary agricultural product or non-organic agricultural product is brought under some kind of export restrictions to stabilise domestic prices.
The commerce ministry has provisionally identified 50 unique product-district clusters for export promotion. It has also shortlisted 10 commodities as focus items for specific farm, infrastructure and market intervention. They are shrimps, meat, basmati rice, bananas, pomegranate, vegetables including potatoes, cashew, plant parts/medicinal herbs in value added forms including herbal medicines, nutraceuticals, aromatics, spices (cumin, turmeric, pepper) and organic food.
With aquatic therapy, patients at Northern Arizona Healthcare's EntireCare Rehab & Sports Medicine are finding pain relief and relaxation in a warm water therapeutic pool.
Aquatic therapy is an increasingly popular treatment method for patients who cannot tolerate land-based exercise and/or who must use care with weight-bearing activity for any reason. It also helps with pre-operative conditioning before joint replacement surgery and pain during cancer treatment or recovery. It can relieve symptoms of fibromyalgia, chronic pain, cardiopulmonary issues, pregnancy discomfort and rheumatologic problems.
The force of gravity weakens in water, which means less compression on the spine and joints. The body's buoyancy makes it easier to move, while the water's resistance – much greater than air – helps build muscular strength. In addition, its 95-degree temperature helps circulation and lymphatic flow throughout the body.
The unique benefits of aquatic therapy also include:
• Increased joint flexibility and mobility.
• Improved balance. Uniform pressure from the water against the body allows increased time to react without fear of falling or getting hurt.
• Safe environment for neurologic patients to explore movement with skilled guidance.
• Better general functioning and quality of life.
At the EntireCare pool, we offer:
• Core stabilization exercises.
• Bad Ragaz method: patients lie horizontally in the water for therapist-assisted strengthening and mobilization; using floats or rings to support joints.
• Watsu technique: this Japanese form of water massage, performed by a certified Watsu instructor, features movements and stretches connected with breath while patient is held or floats. This can induce a deep state of relaxation and is beneficial for people with decreased range of motion and chronic pain conditions.
• Ai Chi technique: a graceful form of aquatic exercise combining Tai Chi and Qi Gong concepts in the water. It helps improve balance and range of motion while offering stress relief and improved postural awareness.
• Halliwick method: active and passive therapy in the water helps improve postural and balance control, swimming skills and independence.
A physical, occupational or massage therapist specially trained in aquatic techniques provides all therapies. Therapists offer hands-on treatments, including massage and stretching, in the pool. Depending on the patient's individual needs, therapists may also use specialized equipment to add more buoyancy and resistance.
Patients can expect one-on-one individualized attention to maximize their potential in the water as well on land.
Patients who wish to continue in the pool long-term may attend a community-based, instructor-led aquatic exercise class available many times a week.
The pool, equipped with stairs and a hydraulic lift, is accessible to all patients, regardless of mobility. There is no age limit or restriction, and patients with private insurance may self-refer. Patients insured by Medicare or AHCCCS need a referral from a healthcare provider. FBN
EntireCare Experts
The therapists and specialists at Northern Arizona Healthcare's EntireCare Rehab & Sports Medicine have education and hands-on experience enabling them to provide comprehensive, individualized treatment plans and therapies.
Each specific type of therapy − occupational, physical, hand and speech − is considered a specialty, and plays an important role in the rehabilitation process. The EntireCare team functions as a cohesive unit, where all members share information and knowledge. The ultimate goal is the patient's improvement and return to the highest possible functioning level.
Choosing EntireCare means patients also have access to a myriad of additional services, such as advanced facilities, technology and equipment.
• Flagstaff Medical Center: 1215 N. Beaver St. To make an appointment, call 928-773-2125.
• East Flagstaff: 7810 N. Hwy. 89, Suite 280 (in the Elden Ridge Business Centre next to Subway). To make an appointment, call 928-773-2125.
• Verde Valley Medical Center: 269 S. Candy Lane, Cottonwood. To make an appointment, call 928-639-6383.
• Camp Verde: 1298 W. Finnie Flat Rd., Camp Verde. To make an appointment, call 928-639-5562.
• Sedona Clinic: 35 Dry Creek Rd., Ste. 4, Sedona. To make an appointment, call 928-282-6775.
• Village of Oak Creek Clinic: 6560 Hwy. 179, Ste. 118, Sedona. To make an appointment, call 928-282-8428.
Hope Reece, P.T., M.P.T, is a physical therapist with Northern Arizona Healthcare's EntireCare Rehab & Sports Medicine department. She is located at Flagstaff Medical Center. Hope has been working in the field of physical therapy since 1992. She specializes in manual, hands-on therapy, dry needling, aquatic therapy and Pilates-based exercises in her sessions. She received an undergraduate degree in health and human services from Fort Lewis College, Durango, Colo. She earned a master's degree in physical therapy from Northern Arizona University, Flagstaff.
Northern Arizona Healthcare is creating healthier communities by providing wellness, prevention and medical care through Flagstaff Medical Center, Verde Valley Medical Center, Verde Valley Medical Center – Sedona Campus, Northern Arizona Healthcare – Camp Verde Campus, Northern Arizona Healthcare Medical Group – Flagstaff, Verde Valley Medical Clinic, the Cancer Centers of Northern Arizona Healthcare, Northern Arizona Healthcare Orthopedic Surgery Center, EntireCare Rehab & Sports Medicine, the Bariatric Surgical Weight Loss Clinic, the Heart & Vascular Center of Northern Arizona, the Sleep & Pulmonary Center, BeWellNow, Guardian Air and Guardian Medical Transport. We also provide comprehensive imaging, laboratory and pharmacy services throughout the region. Many of the services we provide including Fit Kids of Arizona, The Taylor House and Valley View Care, receive major funding through the NAH Foundation.
For more information on Northern Arizona Healthcare programs and services, visit NAHealth.com. “Like” NAH at Facebook.com/NorthernArizonaHealthcare.
By Hope Reece, P.T., M.P.T.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Councillors are set to discuss rolling back its sweeping cuts programme to Bristol parks.
Bristol Mayor, Marvin Rees, and his cabinet will discuss ditching plans to reduce the opening hours of Hengrove Play Park, scrapping large advertising spaces and a policy to not replace broken play equipment at a council meeting next week.
Bristol City Council is facing a £108million deficit by 2023 if it fails to make any savings or efficiencies.
The Labour administration initially wanted to make parks cost neutral, but has since conceded to reducing the budget by £2.8million by 2019.
(Image: Jon Hurst)
A report presented to cabinet recommends a series of money making schemes for parks including an increase in parking charges, the introduction of fees for people who use parks as part of their businesses – such as dog walkers and personal trainers – and increasing the amount of rent park-based businesses pay the council.
In comparison the authority wants to roll back on some of its current responsibilities such as reducing maintenance, planting less flowers and looking to pass park management over to community groups.
The council held a public consultation on the suggestions last year, which was completed by more than 2,600 people.
While the report recommends many of the original proposals put forward last year, officers have recommended a number of policies are scrapped based on public response.
The council has been advice to ditch plans for “large scale, high impact advertising”, but officers say “low impact advertising”, such as adverts on lampposts and bins, should still be considered.
The report recommends the cabinet scrap plans to reduce the opening times and days of Hengrove Play Park and other parks and facilities in the city and to roll back its proposal to remove, but not replace, play damaged or old play equipment.
The council says it has no plans to close any park or green space in the city.
Councillor Asher Craig, Deputy Mayor and cabinet member responsible for parks, has promised Bristol's parks will remain free and widely available.
“We are hugely fortunate in Bristol to have a wealth of beautiful, vibrant publicly owned parks and green spaces,” she said.
“No matter what happens we will make sure these remain free for everyone to access,” she said.
“We will consider these proposals at the Cabinet meeting. We all understand how vitally important parks are, and we need to make sure there is something there for everyone to enjoy.
“Our priority is to ensure everyone in Bristol has access to good quality, attractive and enjoyable parks and green spaces.
“If cabinet agree, we will work with partners to take forward the proposals in this report to develop our current offer.”
The cabinet meeting will take place at 4pm on Tuesday, May 1 at City Hall.
BCHL Today is a (near) daily look at what's going on around the league and the junior A world.
Welcome to the March 19, 2018 edition of BCHL Today, a (near) daily look at what's going on around the league and the junior A world.
We dive back into playoff action, with four more games in the books since last we talked.
Let's start in Vernon where the Vipers didn't have it as easy as they did in a 7-1 game-one win, but a 3-1 triumph in game two has them up 2-0 on Wenatchee.
After all the discussion about Wild goaltending, it was difficult to point the finger of blame at Austin Park in this one. He wasn't great, stopping 25 of 28 shots for a .893 save percentage, but he wasn't a liability either. Most nights, Park's effort gives Wenatchee a chance to win, but in this series the Wild offence is missing in action. Two games, two goals from a team that averaged a league-leading (by far) 4.15 per game during the regular season.
AJ Vanderbeck scored Saturday night. After tying for the BCHL lead with 37 snipes during the regular season, the Colorado native has just two in the post-season. If Wenatchee's goaltending isn't going to be a strength, then Vanderbeck and the Wild offence have to do more.
Credit to Vernon's stifling D and goaltender Ty Taylor. Just when you think his numbers can't get any better, Taylor drops his goals-against average to 1.65 and raises his save-percentage to .942. These are video game numbers for a goalie.
Wenatchee will hope home ice makes a difference when the series switches to the Town Toyota Center Tuesday night (7:05 p.m. start). The Wild had the league's best home ice record during the regular season, at 24-4-1-0 and they were 2-0 in their opening round sweep of Merritt.
It's safe to say game three is a must-win for Wenatchee.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
The other Interior division series isn't going well for the underdogs.
Penticton swatted Trail 7-2 at the South Okanagan Events Centre Saturday night to go up 2-0 as the series shifts back to Cominco Arena Tuesday night (7 p.m.).
The story of game two was power plays. While Trail only got two chances with the extra man, coming up empty on both, the Vees converted on five of seven opportunities. Owen Sillinger had a hat-trick, with two of his goals coming on the PP. Jackson Keane scored twice on the PP and Lukas Sillinger collected his first of the postseason on the man advantage.
Jack Barnes added an even strength goal, with Spencer McLean and Tyler Ghirardosi replying for the Smoke Eaters.
Two of Penticton's PP goals came during a five-minute major, handed to Ethan Martini for a blow to the head that came after the whistle. The six-foot-six blueliner has to be suspended for such a vicious hit, and his absence would be a blow to a Trail defence corps that is already struggling.
Adam Marcoux went the distance in the Smoke Eaters net, stopping 28 of 35 shots for a .800 save percentage. The Calgary native has struggled in this series, giving up 12 goals so far, but that may be as much a function of what's going on in front of him as anything else.
I talked about home ice being a potential lifeline for the Wenatchee Wild. Trail, on the other hand, wasn't terribly strong at the Cominco Arena, posting the BCHL's 10th best record at 18-10-1-0. The Vees, on the other hand, were the league's top road warriors at 19-8-1-1.
It's real hard to find anything Trail fans can cling to.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
The Victoria Grizzlies are digging themselves into another hole, but this time they not be able to escape.
The Grizz trail 0-2 in their second round series versus Powell River after a 3-2 loss Saturday night. Both defeats have come on home ice at the Q Centre, and now Victoria must hit the road for two games at the home of the Kings, the Hap Parker Arena.
I find goaltending fascinating, and I find the choices coaches make about goalies to be fascinating.
Victoria coach Craig Didmon started Zachary Rose in game two, and it's not like the decision blew up in his face. Rose played well, stopping 29 of 32 shots (.906 SP). My only question for Didmon would be, why such a short leash for Kurtis Chapman?
Chapman came into round two as the reigning BCHL Player of the Week after leading Victoria back from an 0-3 series deficit against Alberni Valley. He laid a major egg in game one versus Powell River, giving up four goals on 19 shots in a 5-1 loss, but despite that his overall playoff numbers are still an impressive 1.98 GAA and a .940 SP.
If he's not injured, I don't quite understand why he wouldn't get the chance to bounce back.
At the other end, Matteo Paler-Chow continues his outstanding playoff run. The Powell River netminder was busy, stopping 40 of 41 shots to earn first star honours. The 18 year old Vancouverite has posted a 2.09 GAA and .936 SP in the postseason. Goaltending could have been an Achilles Heel for the Kings, and I guess it still could be, but Paler-Chow has so far turned it into a strength.
The other item of note from his game is penalties. Later this week, I think I'll take another look at the overall numbers to see if reality is still lining up with my perception that calls are down in the playoffs. Victoria outshot Powell River 41-32 Saturday night, which is usually an indicator that a team is skating well and drawing obstruction calls.
But the Grizzlies only had one power play in the entire game. The Kings had four as referees Shayne Alyward and Hasret Sidhu kept their whistles in their pockets.
When I ran the numbers earlier in the playoffs, calls were indeed down from the regular season.
I mentioned it then and I'll repeat it now. A different standard between the regular season and playoffs drives everyone nuts, and there's no reason for it. If the idea is to ‘let the boys decide the games,' remember that a referee not making a call helps decide the game just as much as a referee making the call.
One final note on this game, coming from Powell River radio play-by-play man Alex Rawnsey.
“The two wins for Powell River on the weekend in Victoria against the Grizzlies is the first time this year (in 10 meetings) that the Kings defeated the Grizzlies in back-to-back games.”
This series resumes tonight, with a 7 p.m. start at the Hap Parker Arena.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
On to Prince George where Surrey won 3-2 Saturday night, evening that playoff series at one win apiece.
After getting throttled by a 9-1 count in game one, the Eagles had a lot to prove, and final score aside I'm not sure they did so in game two.
The shot clock favoured the Spruce Kings 48-19, and only a huge bounce-back effort from Mario Cavaliere saved Surrey from another loss. I wrote previously that Cavaliere seems prone to massive swings in performance. After coughing up six goals in that game one loss, the Ontario native produced his best game of the playoffs with a .958 SP.
RECAP: Cavaliere stopped 46 shots in a 3-2 victory in game two, as the Eagles tied the Mainland Division final 1-1 on Saturday night! Burgart notched his playoff-leading 9th goal, White potted his 3rd, and Wesley scored the eventual game-winner mid way through the third. pic.twitter.com/C6eF0Tp0pS — Surrey Eagles (@SurreyEagles) March 19, 2018
The Eagles were opportunistic with the few chances they got, which is what you have to do against PG. Desi Burgart's playoff-leading ninth goal got the scoring started midway through period two and an Aaron White strike had Surrey up 2-0 through 40 minutes. Ethan de Jong got PG on the board 7:41 into period three, but John Wesley answered at 12:21, giving the Eagles breathing room.
Ben Brar scored the second Spruce King goal with just one second on the clock.
Evan DeBrouwer had a rare meh night in the Prince George net, and he'll look to bounce back tonight as the series shifts to the South Surrey Arena for game two.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
Sticking with Surrey and finishing up with a scholarship, as Jackson Ross commits to Colorado College.
Ross is heading home to play NCAA Div-I hockey. The 20 year old native of Centennial, Colorado will join the Tigers this fall, becoming the sixth Eagle player this season to earn a scholarship. The others are Jordan Robert (Clarkson), Desi Burgart (Quinnipiac), Jeff Stewart (Colgate), Chase Danol (Bowling Green) and Cory Babichuk (RPI).
Colorado College plays in the National Collegiate Hockey Conference (NCHC) and competes against North Dakota, St. Cloud State, Denver, Western Michigan, Minnesota Duluth, Omaha and Miami (Ohio).
Ross is finishing up his second full BCHL season. He played one game in 2015-16 with Salmon Arm and has played his last 108 regular season and eight playoffs matches with Surrey, collecting 10 goals, 41 points and 117 penalty minutes.
“Jackson has been an absolute warrior for this organization,” said Eagles head coach Brandon West in a team press release. “We are extremely happy for him and his family. Jackson is a tireless worker that leads by example everyday and this opportunity to play in his home state is very well earned.”
Eric Welsh is the sports editor at the Chilliwack Progress and has been covering junior A hockey in B.C. and Alberta since 2003.
Email eric.welsh@theprogress.com
Lili Reinhart has slammed her critics for calling her body dysmorphia "irrelevant".
The 'Riverdale' star is fed up of being criticised for opening about her body issues and having her comments shut down because she's "skinny".
She wrote on Twitter: "Feeling really disheartened by the fact that so many people are saying, 'you're skinny so shut up about embracing your body'. As if my body dysmorphia is irrelevant because of how I look to some people. I'm either not curvy enough or not skinny enough to feel insecure.
"Mental illness gets worse when people say that you don't have a right to feel the way you do. That's where we are failing. Do not encourage this behavior. It is destructive. More destructive than you'll ever realise. You may not understand someone's insecurity- but respect it. (sic)"
Meanwhile, Lili previously insisted she will "never apologise" for her body.
She wrote on her Instagram story: "It's unfortunate that one unflattering photo of my stomach circulating the internet causes hundreds of people to think that I'm pregnant. Nope. Not pregnant. This is just my body. And sometimes I'm bloated. Sometimes and unflattering photo is taken of me. Sometimes I go through periods of time where I gain weight. My body is something that I will NEVER apologise for. My body will constantly go through change. And so will yours. And that's fine. So let's not put so much time and effort into caring about a stranger's figure. (sic)"
Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
Zuzu Verk's life celebrated in slideshow at memorial service
Salsa Limon moved to new home
11:30
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has sent a series of highly apposite Tweets regarding the recent right wing versus left wing protests in Charlottesville that have resulting in one death and multiple injuries.In the above Tweet, Assange has juxtaposed a neo-Nazi torch march in Kiev with the far-right torch march in Charlottesville. Apart from the torches, it is clear that the Ukrainian fascists were far more equipped for violence as they were wearing bullet-proof combat gear and facial coverings.Beyond this, Ukraine is also a bigger nuclear disaster waiting to happen than North Korea. While Pyongyang has stated that its weapons are defensive, the nuclear power stations in Ukraine continue to violate multiple internationally recognised safety standards. The possibility of another Ukrainian nuclear disaste r in the place where Chernobyl occurred in 1986 looms heavily over the region.However, these facts get even less coverage in western mainstream media than the initial fascist coup in Kiev did in 2014.By contrast, the American far-right is far from power and does not have anything close to a political programme capable of putting together let alone overthrowing a government.He then used his famously black humour to contrast how the United States actively funds and arms sectarian groups abroad in order to foment civil strife with the reality that in the US such things are entirely funded domestically.While in Syria there were never any homegrown 'moderate rebels' but instead, gangs of foreign funded Wahhabi extremist terrorists, in the US there literally are moderate rebels whom many find distasteful but who are on the whole non-violent and largely irrelevant.
URASOE, OKINAWA, Japan— Marines and local residents suspended vibrant carp streamers across Aja river April 16 in Urasoe City.
Each year residents hang the streamers, or koinobori, in preparation for Boys Day May 5 in hopes their boys will be healthy and successful. The streamers adorn river, parks and houses throughout Okinawa. The Marines and locals worked in tandem to decorate the Aja river with colorful fluttering carp.
In order to work together, they had to learn to communicate despite the language gap.
“Overcoming our language differences was my favorite part,” said Lance Cpl. Daron Bush Jr. a construction wireman with Headquarters Regiment, 3rd Marine Logistics Group, III Marine Expeditionary Force. “We did a lot of hand gestures to communicate. It's cool that we can understand each other even though we don't speak the same language.”
Participating in this yearly event is just one of the ways Marines strive to be active in their local community.
“Events like this are important to marines because we're representatives of the United States,” said Cpl. Hollianne Ervin, a finance technician with Headquarters Regiment, 3rd MLG, III MEF. “People should know that the Marine Corps is about so much more than fighting. We're all about community, getting to know other cultures and making the world a better place.”
NEWS INFO Date Taken: 04.16.2017 Date Posted: 04.17.2017 23:50 Story ID: 230644 Location: URASOE, OKINAWA, JP Web Views: 7 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Camp Kinser Marines, local residents hang carps streamers, by Sgt Jessica Collins, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Dybala warns against complacency after Lazio loss
Juventus fell to a 3-2 Supercoppa Italiana loss against Lazio and Paulo Dybala conceded his side got what they deserved.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 12:08 IST
Juventus' Paulo Dybala
Paulo Dybala warned Juventus that a seventh consecutive Serie A title was far from certain after Sunday's 3-2 Supercoppa Italiana defeat against Lazio.
It appeared as though Massimiliano Allegri's men had rescued themselves from defeat courtesy of Dybala's late double at the Stadio Olimpico, but substitute Alessandro Murgia sealed a dramatic triumph for the capital club.
Dybala echoed the sentiments of his coach in conceding that the better team had won and he hopes it will prevent Juve from being complacent when their league campaign begins against Cagliari on Saturday.
"We need to forget what we did last year," he said. "It won't be easy this season. Our rivals are waiting for us, but we know we're a good side. In other words, it's all down to us."
On the weekend loss, he added: "Quite simply, Lazio deserved it.
"There's no point dwelling on the build-up to their winner – that goal summed up a match that we didn't do enough to win.
"Of course, had we got to extra time we would have had a good chance of winning because they were tired, but it went the way it did.
"I want to win and so do Juventus, so I can't be happy. That would be egotistical – it wouldn't be right, not for my team-mates and not for our fans.
"All I can say is that I'll work hard to keep improving and to make sure we win, which is what counts.
"I'm delighted to be at Juve and to have the number 10 shirt. I'm still young and I want to keep developing here."
BARCELONA, Spain — The worse version of Real Madrid was back on Saturday when it slumped to 2-2 at Levante, dropping more points in the Spanish league.
Madrid appeared to have taken control through Francisco "Isco" Alarcon's goal in the 81st minute, but Giampaolo Pazzini equalized on his debut for Levante with two minutes remaining to split the points.
The result left Madrid in fourth place and 18 points behind leader Barcelona, and erased all signs of the improvement Zinedine Zidane's team showed in consecutive wins in La Liga.
Madrid's latest slip comes just 11 days before its highly anticipated match with Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League round of 16.
Out of reach of the Liga title and eliminated from the Copa del Rey, Madrid's season rides on defending its European title.
"We know that the league is almost impossible, but we need to finish well in the league because it builds our confidence," Madrid midfielder Casemiro said. "We know how important the games against Paris are."
Madrid went ahead in the 11th through Sergio Ramos' header, but Levante striker Emmanuel Boateng scored from the edge of the area to make it 1-1 three minutes before halftime.
Levante, which also drew at Madrid 1-1 in September, was three points above the relegation zone.
By Joseph Wilson, The Associated Press
If you're looking to devise an at-home workout that can be altered and customized according to your fluctuating needs, it's smart to invest in a pair of the best adjustable dumbbells. Their multi-faceted designs help make workouts feel more versatile, engaging, and challenging, depending on what you (and your body) are in the mood for. Since everyone's fitness preferences vary, here are some things to think about when choosing the best dumbbells for you.
First, think about your desired level of resistance. If you're a beginner, consider a dumbbell set with a smaller weight range and simplified design. If you have a bit more experience, there are plenty of options with a higher weight range per dumbbell out there.
You also need to think about the speed and intensity of your workouts. If your main focus is just completing the exercise itself, you don't need to worry about the convenience of adjusting the weight as much. On the other hand, if you're looking to perform a fast, high-intensity workout, consider getting a dumbbell set that allows you to quickly alter the resistance by merely turning a dial or knob.
Finally, think about budget. Dumbbells can be a little pricey, especially when you're looking for specific features. But there are certainly some affordable sets out there if all you want is a simple tool to help switch up your workout routine.
Whatever your preferences, fitness goals, and budget, you'll find what you're looking for below.
1 A Superior Dumbbell Set That Lets You Change The Resistance By Turning A Dial Amazon Bowflex, SelectTech 552 Adjustable Dumbbells $279 AmazonBuy Now If you have some flexibility in your budget to invest in a high-quality adjustable dumbbell set with multiple features, this is a great option. Each dumbbell adjusts from 5 pounds all the way up to 52.5 pounds, and because you can adjust in 2.5-pound increments (up to the first 25 pounds), it's easy to customize your desired resistance to meet your fitness goals. Simply turn the dial on each dumbbell and you can rapidly switch from one resistance to the next. Thanks to the combination of 15 sets of weights into one, the wider weight range gives you the chance to do heavy exercises like shrugs and lunges, as well as lighter exercises like curls and raises. This is a convenient and expertly designed dumbbell set that's well-worth the investment to help you reach your exercise goals.
2 Another Easily Adjustable Dumbbell Set That Saves Space And Caters More To Beginners Amazon Power Block, Adjustable SpeedBlock Dumbbell $150 AmazonBuy Now Because it's a bit smaller in weight and has a patented design that's engineered for maximum balance and control, this is an excellent choice if you're looking for an adjustable dumbbell set for beginners. This pair of weights offers a range from 3 to 24 pounds per hand, with a resistance that's adjustable in 3-pound increments. Mimicking a weight stack at the gym, the selector pin lets you change weights without requiring multiple dumbbells, therefore saving you plenty of space with its compact construction. And with the unique color-coding design, you can find your desired weight quickly and easily. The rubberized handles provide a secure grip and excellent wrist protection, which is one more attraction in this long list of convenient features.
3 A Dumbbell Set That Offers High-Quality Performance At An Affordable Price Amazon CAP Barbell, Dumbbell Set $50 AmazonBuy Now These budget-friendly adjustable dumbbells are a great option if you're looking to get a high-quality workout without paying a high price. Designed for beginners and advanced performers alike, this 40-pound weight set is easily adaptable; just add or remove the cast iron plates to/from the barbells and then secure them with the threaded collars. And not only are the plates easily interchangeable, they're also durable and come with a semi-gloss finish that prevents rust and maintains a long-lasting new look. The weights feature ergonomic grips and comfortable handles for peak performance, and with a heavy-duty carrying case included, this weight set can be neatly organized and is easily transportable from one place to another. It's a great way to get that customized workout you're looking for, without having to clean out your bank account.
The ANC is likely to lose its parliamentary majority if it chooses Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma as its leader at this month's elective conference‚ according to a poll.
A survey conducted by Ratepop‚ a technology-based research and polling company‚ focused on the consequences of the ANC's leadership battle ahead of the national elections in 2019.
According to the survey‚ Ramaphosa remains the “overwhelming” popular choice among the ANC electorate‚ with the support of 58.9% of ANC voters compared to 16% for Dlamini-Zuma.
Ramaphosa's support has increased nearly 10% among ANC voters since Ratepop polling began in June 2017.
If Ramaphosa becomes president of the ANC‚ 81% of the party's supporters said they would vote for the party in the 2019 national elections.
“With the ANC only having polled only approximately 54% in the 2016 Local Government Elections‚ the chances of the ANC maintaining its parliamentary majority with Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma at the helm of the party‚ is substantially reduced and realistically unlikely at this point‚” the survey says.
Frank E. Ruccia, a 34-year resident of Danbury, CT passed away Aug. 9. at Hancock Hall in Danbury after a two-and-half-year illness. He was surrounded by the love of family and friends as he passed. In his 92 years, Frank was a devoted husband, father, and grandfather, highly specialized Mechanical Engineer, dedicated volunteer, life-long devoted Catholic, and a caring, loving friend to young and old as he lived a full and accomplished life. He valued family and always maintained a close relationship with his large, extended Italian family, his wives' families and his many friends.
Frank was born February 9, 1925 in New Haven, CT to Carmela and Nicola. He grew up primarily in Brooklyn, N.Y., but lived about five years in the Hudson Valley area of New York. He graduated from Haaren High School in New York City in 1943 and shortly after enlisted in the U.S. Navy, serving from 1943-1946. Following extensive technical training, he served as a Navy electronics technician on the destroyer escort,USS Defilho, in the Pacific, with responsibility for maintenance of the radio/radar equipment. After his military service ended, he entered the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and graduated in 1950 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering.
He was an engineer's engineer — meticulous and exacting in everything he did. His career spanned 36 years with Monsanto in Boston and St. Louis, Arthur D. Little (ADL) in Cambridge, MA. and Perkin-Elmer Corp. in Danbury. He specialized in development and implementation of critical thermal protection processes for the aerospace industry. Much of his work during the 1960's was for NASA experiments on Apollo Missions. He authored and co-authored dozens of technical papers dealing with his specialties and was recognized with three Arthur D. Little presidential Awards for outstanding performance.
In 1952, he married his first wife, Katherine B. Petrucci. In the couple's 26 years of marriage they made their home in Framingham, Mass., and raised four beautiful daughters. Katherine died of cancer in 1979.
Frank married his second wife, Donna Runberg, in 1981. The couple moved to Danbury, CT in 1983 when Frank accepted an engineering position with Perkin-Elmer Corp. They have lived in Danbury 34 years.
He was a member of St. Elizabeth Seton Parish and Founders Hall senior center, both in Ridgefield. He was an active volunteer at Hancock Hall's recreation center, a local soup kitchen, food pantry, and in all the churches he belonged to over the years. In Danbury, he also served many years as president of his neighborhood association.
Frank is survived by his loving wife, Donna, of Danbury, CT., three daughters and six grandchildren. Frank's oldest daughter,Elissa J. Ruccia. died of cancer in 2006, leaving her husband, David Aaronson and his son, Max Aaronson of Ridgefield. The three surviving daughters and their families are: Pamela Ruccia Duffy, her husband, Michael Duffy. and children Michael John and Anna Marie of Hopkinton, MA.; Valerie Ruccia Eagan, her husband Michael Eagan, and daughter Julia of Sudbury, MA.; and Kimberly Monson and her ex-husband, David Monson, and granddaughters Mariah and Ilayna of Blackstone, MA.
The family will receive friends from 5-8 p.m. Tuesday, August 22 at Kane Funeral Home 25 Catoonah Street, Ridgefield. CT. The Rosary will be prayed at 6 p.m.
Frank's life will be celebrated at a Mass of Christian burial at 10:30 a.m. Wednesday, August 23 at St Elizabeth Ann Seton Catholic Church, 520 Ridgebury Road, Ridgefield, CT. Interment will follow at St. Mary's Cemetery, 110 North Street, Ridgefield.
Following the Interment, family and friends are invited to a reception/light buffet lunch in McKeon Hall (downstairs at St. Seton Church).
In lieu of flowers the family requests donations in Frank's name to: Hancock Hall Recreation Fund, 31 Staples St., Danbury, CT 06810; Founders Hall Foundation, Inc., 193 Danbury Rd., Ridgefield, CT 06877; or St. Elizabeth Seton Parish, 520 Ridgefield Road, 06877.
A new study in Italy found dentists can sense when you're afraid just from the smell you give off. And the terrifying news is they might make more mistakes because of it.
Researchers had a bunch of dental students work on mannequins that were either in a normal t-shirt, or a shirt someone wore during a really stressful exam.
And when they worked on a mannequin that was in a stress shirt, they made significantly more mistakes that could have damaged a patient's teeth.
The researchers think the stress-sweat smell subconsciously made them more nervous. So in other words, stress might be contagious in some weird way.
Other studies have shown that our body odor does change when we're in stressful situations. But this is the first one to show it can affect the people around us, and mess with how well they perform a specific task.
Simon Lambert underwent surgery yesterday (Wednesday) after seeing his injury curse strike for the third successive season.
The Panthers man is certainly one of the unluckiest riders in the sport.
He missed a large chunk of 2015 with shoulder damage and saw his 2016 campaign brought to a premature end last July when breaking a wrist and suffering a knee ligament problem in a spill.
And he is now facing up to another long spell out due to a double-break of the wrist after being sent tumbling by Berwick rider Jye Etheridge in a crash last weekend.
“I'm starting to think Simon is jinxed,” said Panthers promoter Ged Rathbone. “He's certainly had more than his fair share of injuries in recent years.
“It's been a very tough start to the season for him after coming back from such a long lay-off, but I felt being back down at reserve would get him going.
“Unfortunately he has been caught in a crash in which he was completely blameless, and now faces another spell out.
“It's not just the physical damage either. His bike is in a bad way and that leaves him facing a big repair bill as well as a recovery.
“He is obviously very frustrated, but just wants to be back on a bike as soon as possible.”
Panthers expect Lambert, who had also just earned a team spot with SGB Premiership side King's Lynn, to be out for around six weeks.
From: Brian H Sheridan, Redmires Road, Sheffield.
I SUPPORT Caroline Thomas-Smith's defence of the teaching profession in the debate about parents taking their children on holiday in term-time (The Yorkshire Post, April 12) but then, as a former teacher, I would, wouldn't I?
However, her arguments highlight some of the common misconceptions of what school is about.
I would add that to compare training days with child absence is to miss the point: for better or worse these child-free days for teachers have the same effect on all pupils, teachers prepare accordingly and individuals are not disadvantaged. Also, for the record, my guess is that most teachers would prefer to be in front of a class on those days anyway.
Despite the avant-garde educational idealists, teachers are very mindful of examinations and in my experience this was what parents wanted. Preparing for examinations, I was always concerned about a pupil's extended period of absence (a week or more) for whatever reason.
On the vexed question of holidays, the same parents who want to take their children out of school in term-time are those who argue that school holidays are too long. This is another own- goal: if the holidays were shorter even more parents would “need” to take their children out of school.
Many responsible parents are prepared to make sacrifices by taking weekend and other breaks where possible. Unlike those who subscribe to the “me, me” culture of today.
Efficiency means cuts
From: ME Wright, Harrogate.
JAYNE Dowle is being needlessly kind in ascribing the failure of David Cameron's ‘Big Society' to ‘incredibly unfortunate timing' (The Yorkshire Post, April 13).
From the outset, it was a means of trying to run vital, civilising services on the cheap. We have heard endless demands for “efficiency savings” – an ongoing Westminster euphemism for yet more cuts. I thought ‘efficiency' meant doing things properly; was I wrong?
Using volunteers to participate in community projects is good, as long as it is not slyly used to replace professional and properly-trained staff.
To what extent are unfortunate people with mental health problems now reliant on volunteer-based helplines, due to persistent NHS underfunding?
However dedicated and patient volunteers may be, they should not be used as a political cheap-and-easy option to deal with the vast majority who cannot afford to ‘go private' – but they increasingly are.
‘The Big Society' comes from the same stable as the ‘level playing fields' of ‘equal opportunities.' The latest wheeze to put this right is to resurrect the archaic ethos of state-funded grammar schools for the few. So far as I'm aware, Mrs May hasn't coined yet another worthless mantra for that.
From: John G Davies, Alma Terrace, East Morton, Keighley.
ONCE a more Tory education minister is indulging in political sophistry to justify the re-introduction of grammar schools. Justine Greening says she wants them to “work for everyone”.
Just as important are the malignant effects of selection, which can be exemplified by the following example from a games lesson. ‘Richard' was the little chubby boy who was always last to be picked for a team.
He was standing at left back inside the goal post, when someone put in a weak shot at goal that trickled towards him.
“Kick it, Richard, kick it,” screamed his team-mates.
Richard hopped over the ball, allowing it to cross the line. He had been forced to play football and he had been denigrated in the selection process, so he made his point. In that situation, Richard's real value to the school as a librarian, was not appreciated.
For every grammar school student, there may be three ‘Richards' spoiling the game.
No sport on holy days
From: Alan Shipman, Leeds.
IS it acceptable that professional sport can be allowed on two of the holiest days in the calendar, Good Friday and Easter Sunday, in a supposedly Christian society?
There is ample time on Saturday and Monday for matches to be scheduled without encroaching on to sacred festivals.
Indeed, Holy Week in general needs to be respected more. Christmas Day is kept free of sport, so there is no reason why Good Friday and Easter Sunday should be exceptions.
Rethink on a riding hat
From: Peter J Teal, Union Road, Thorne, Doncaster.
A FEW days ago, a photograph appeared showing the Queen out horse riding again wearing her usual trademark silk headscarf instead of a protective riding hat.
It would appear all her riding takes place on her various estates which will be free from noise and traffic etc.
However, to my mind, there is no such thing as a 100 per cent perfectly behaved horse. They are animals, not machines, and therefore can be unpredictable at times.
The fact the Queen has not so far encountered any serious mishaps in the past is irrelevant.
The monarch is now fast approaching 91 years of age and needs to have a serious rethink on this matter, even at this late stage.
Making stand on statues
From: DS Boyes, Upper Rodley Lane, Leeds.
OF all the problems both Leeds and this country have got, why on earth do the council leader Judith Blake and Leeds West MP Rachel Reeves witter on about statues all the time?
Teboho Moloi watched other coaches make their way to the winner's podium to accept the Coach of the Month award for many years and never imagined that the accolade would be awarded to him one day.
That day finally came when the Chippa United coach was named as the coach of the month for November at the Premier Soccer League's (PSL) Parktown headquarters on Monday afternoon.
Moloi — who has been in charge of the Eastern Cape side since September after replacing Dan Malesela — said he could hardly believe his ears when United's communications manager Luthando Zibeko told him that he had won the award for the first time.
‘‘It was a great surprise‚” said a delighted Moloi.
‘‘Eish‚ you know‚ the first time I saw (Golden Arrows coach) Clinton Larsen win this award I was still an assistant coach.
‘‘You know‚ I envied him.... I envied him so much because I played with him.
‘‘I congratulated him but he said to me the day I become a head coach I would also get a chance to win it.
‘‘When Trompies (Zibeko) told me that I had been voted as the coach of the month‚ it was a surprise because there are a lot of other great coaches who are doing a great job in this field of ours.”
Columbia Police Arrest Attempted Murder Suspect
Kent Thompson Jr.
Kentrell Thompson
COLUMBIA,SC (WOLO)- A man wanted for attempted murder is now behind bars.
Columbia police arrested Kentrell Thompson Friday night. Officers say on December 5, 2017 Kentrell and his twin brother Kent Thompson Jr. allegedly shot a man several times at a convenience store in the 3900 block of West Beltline.
Kent was arrested on January 22nd.
The twins are charged with Attempted Murder and Assault and Battery.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Service members with Norwegian Home Guard arrive at Camp Ripley, Minnesota, to begin the 44th United States/Norway Reciprocal Troop Exchange on Feb. 10, 2017. The Norwegian service members will work with Minnesota National Guard service members to learn how the U.S. Army and Air Force train and about American culture. (Photo by Sgt. Sebastian Nemec, Minnesota National Guard Public Affairs)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.10.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 21:03 Photo ID: 3165520 VIRIN: 170210-Z-OX391-030 Resolution: 4800x3200 Size: 3.7 MB Location: MN, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, U.S.-Norway reciprocal Troop Exchange 2017 [Image 1 of 18], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Welcome to the Bristol Post's rolling news live blog.
This is where you can find the latest news, traffic, travel, and weather updates for Bristol and the wider region on Friday, February 2.
If it is happening in Bristol, South Gloucestershire , or North Somerset , you will hear it here first.
We will keep you up to date on everything you need to know, including traffic, jobs and breaking news updates.
Portway closed after air ambulance called Avon Gorge following climber's fall
Is there something you want the Post to look into and investigate?
If you think there is a story we should know about, or you have spotted something in the community, get in touch with us.
You can tweet us @BristolPost or contact our newsroom by emailing bristolpostnews@localworld.co.uk.
If you are on the roads, make sure it is safe and legal to contact us before doing so.
WORLD
NEW YORK (AP) -- A man with a pipe bomb strapped to him set off the crude device in the subway near Times Square on Monday, injuring the suspect and three other people at the height of the morning rush hour, law enforcement officials said.
The man and three others were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Police say the explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues. The 7:30 a.m. blast caused smoke to fill the passageway, which was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
Law enforcement officials said it appeared the detonation was accidental, and the bomb was a crudely made low-grade explosive device. It's not clear what the suspect had intended, they said. The officials said the 27-year-old lives in Brooklyn and may be of Bangladeshi descent.
A fire truck arrives after a reported explosion at the Port Authority Bus Terminal on Monday in New York. New York police said Monday that they were investigating an explosion of "unknown origin" in busy downtown Manhattan, and that people were being evacuated. Media reports said at least one person had been detained after the blast near the Port Authority transit terminal, close to Times Square. Early media reports said the blast came from a pipe bomb, and that several people were injured. (AFP-Yonhap)
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering his bare midriff. A police officer is holding the man's hands behind his back.The explosion triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.Elrana Peralta, a customer service worker for Greyhound, said she works in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened, but didn't hear the explosion."All we could hear was the chaos," she said. "We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!'"John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. He also didn't hear the blast, but saw police react."I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out," he said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. "They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly."Video from above the "Crossroads of the World" showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down -- a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour.New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
—File Photo
ISLAMABAD: Accountability court on Monday has declared Dar proclaimed offender for his continuous absence from the proceedings of the case.
As the hearing commenced Ishaq Dar's lawyer submitted a plea to seek delay in declaration of Dar as a proclaimed offender along with a fresh medical report.
Judge Muhammad Bashir reserved a judgment on the plea submitted by Dar's lawyer and later announced his client as the proclaimed offender.
The court also directed Dar's bail guarantor Ahmad Ali Qudoosi to submit surety bail worth Rs5 million within three days.
Dar, who remains a federal minister but has been in London for over a month due to cardio treatment, is accused by the National Accountability Bureau (NAB) of possessing assets beyond his known sources of income.
PKL Auction 2018: Fazel Athrachali signs for U Mumba, creates history on becoming first 'crorepati' in the history of Pro Kabaddi League
The Iranian left-corner has carved out a unique feat for himself in the history of Pro Kabaddi League.
Prasen Moudgal SENIOR ANALYST News 30 May 2018, 18:26 IST 3.26K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Fazel Athrachali will be a massive addition to U Mumba
What's the story?
Iran's Fazel Athrachali etched his name in the history books by becoming the first ever Kabaddi player to earn a contract worth Rs 1 crore when he was bought by U Mumba in the Pro Kabaddi League Season 6 auctions on the first day of the two-day auction.
The left corner defender will be rejoining U Mumba, having played for them in the second season of the Pro Kabaddi League and has since then represented the Patna Pirates and most recently the Gujarat Fortunegiants.
In case you didn't know...
The record-bid of Rs 1 crore upstaged the previous highest bid of Rs 93 lakh rupees which was placed by UP Yoddha last season to procure the services of talismanic raider Nitin Tomar.
The Iranian left corner made his PKL debut with U Mumba in the second season for a sum of Rs 4 lakh and won the 'best defender of the season' award for his prolific defending while representing the Patna Pirates in the fourth season of the league.
The heart of the matter
One of the most influential overseas players in the league, Fazel's dominance in PKL did not go unnoticed as Gujarat Fortunegiants, making their debut in season five, opted for the Iranian's services as their priority pick ahead of the season.
Right through the fifth season, Fazel amassed 57 tackle points from 24 matches and built an important association with his compatriot Abozar Mighani on the left corner, a coalition that took Gujarat all the way till the playoffs stage.
In his four seasons so far, Fazel's fearless defending has earned him a total of 154 points from 56 games. On hearing that he was set to join U Mumba yet again, the Iranian said, "I am really happy that I am back to my second home, U Mumba, I have huge respect for the team because it was my first franchise. I am happy for my country Iran that I got the highest bid in the auction."
What's next?
The next round is set to feature the domestic category of players which will feature the likes of Manjeet Chhillar, Rahul Chaudhari etc who are sure to earn big sums of money and are capable of crossing the Rs 1 crore barrier.
Is Fazel Atrachali's price tag of Rs 1 crore justified? Let us know in the comments section whether you think any of the Indian players can cross that mark.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Every year Christmas is kicked off by the purchase of the family Christmas tree and it can be a tough choice getting a good one.
To help you along the way we have enlisted the people who provide trees for Royalty to give top tips on selecting the perfect tree.
Sam and Josh Lyle, grandsons of the sugar magnates, set up Pines and Needles when they were 14, flogging trees grown on a patch of farmland in the Highlands outside a dry cleaner in Maida Vale.
Two decades later they're planting more than 60,000 trees a year and hoping to break through the £3m barrier, selling to everyone from Prince Harry and Meghan Markle and the members of One Direction to Downing Street.
With two plantations now in Scotland growing their firs and more than 25 stores across London and the South East they sell to Liam Gallagher, Dermot O'Leary, Vernon Kay, Claudia Winkleman, Salman Rushdie, Emilia Fox and Paul Weller.
Here the brothers give their tips on how to pick the perfect Christmas tree and how to look after it.
1) It's all in the colour - needles should be dark green on a Nordmann Fir and, if you look closely, it has a signature two tone colouring. Don't just go for height and bushiness!
(Image: Pines and Needles)
(Image: Hulton Royals Collection)
2) If you run your hand down a branch of a Nordmann Fir tree at the end of November or beginning of December it should retain most of its needles. Too many and it's one to leave behind.
3) Check that it is freshly cut - all Pines and Needles trees are cut at the farm then freshly cut again prior to delivery from our hub or stores, enabling them to soak up the water you put them in. Others may not be, so keep an eye out!
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
4) The classic Norway Spruce tree is much lighter than its fir counterpart and has a more uniform shape. But it should boast that intense ‘Christmas tree smell', so if yours doesn't then leave it alone.
5) Have a rummage....if you can't find one in the shape and size you want then don't settle for second best. The tree is the centrepiece of your celebrations so go somewhere else, even if that means trailing unhappy kids in your wake.
(Image: Pines and Needles)
6) From forest to living room is a big change. You'd need looking after too. That's why we recommend using water-holding stands to prolong the trees look and life!
7) If your home limits you to a pot-grown fir, we advise transferring into another container or plant pot to take care of the roots and allow watering with ease.
(Image: WireImage)
And here is how to install you carefully chosen tree...
Just before you install your tree, saw off the bottom 1” (3cm) of the trunk.
This creates a fresh cut and opens up the pores in the bark, which otherwise can block up with sap within a few hours of being cut.
The tree is then able to drink water through these pores via capillary action. We do this to all our trees so you don't have to.
Do not expose your tree to sudden changes in temperature. Trees like most people are creatures of habit and prefer steady conditions.
Position your Christmas tree away from any heat sources such as radiators and fireplaces. Heat dries out your tree faster, so the further from potentially damaging heat sources the better, and the fresher your tree will remain.
(Image: Getty)
Place your tree in plain water - not soil or sand which would block the pores in the bark.
This is best achieved by using a specially designed Christmas tree stand.
Many precious hours can be wasted trying to make a Christmas Tree stand up straight in an ordinary bucket using just bricks or stones!
Keep the Christmas tree stand topped up with water.
Your Christmas tree may drink 2-3 pints (1-2 litres) of water per day, depending on its size and your central heating settings.
This is very important as once the water level drops below the tree's trunk, sap will re-seal the bark within a few hours, preventing the tree from drinking any further water even if you then re-fill the Christmas tree stand.
Be Aware that these trees are natural living things, and once they are cut they begin to die, sad as this is apart from artificial trees we are still without a solution to this simple fact of life.
Time the arrival of your tree with this in mind to increase longevity and get the most out of it.
Now to decorate...
Sam Lyle gives tips for the perfect Christmas tree this year.
When decorating your tree it is all about textures and layering no matter which theme you choose.
Decide on which of your decorations you would like to be featured most prominently and place those first (those tend to be the largest or most detailed) and then use those as a basis to dress your tree around using your most small simple decks as ‘fillers'.
Introduced by Prince Albert in Queen Victoria's era, the Christmas tree has become quite the tradition in the royal households, and no doubt this year, they will be sticking to their traditional regal look.
No doubt this year the royal household will have a substantially large tree full of tradition and decadence. Rich in style and texture but remaining effortlessly stylish at the same time.
(Image: Hulton Archive)
Think deep red velvets, gold glass and silk ribbons hanging delicately. Detailed ornaments like small gold cherubs or some hanging crystal cut teardrops at the edges of the Sumptuous branches. These will compliment the larger glass red and gold baubles complete with many, many warm white lights.
Inspired by rich reds and golds, the classic British festive look is bound to bring cultural heritage into your home.
Pick classic red and gold baubles, traditional Victorian inspired decorations and crown shaped decorations to achieve the ultimate Royal look.
Nordic
This year, Nordic is a big trend. The Scandinavians are kings of Christmas style with effortless elegance at the heart of decorating.
For a full Nordic look opt for copper tones, geometric shapes. Embrace wooden decorations, snowflakes and delicately cut masterpieces.
Always opt for plain white fairy lights for the ultimate Nordic look.
White Christmas
Keeping your decorations white, cool and sophisticated is going to be a big trend this year. An elegant way to add festive cheer into your home without dreaming of a white Christmas.
Decorations should be kept white with an injection of silver so add sophistication.
Glass decorations are always a welcomed addition to the crisp look.
Vintage
This season, making old look new and bringing vintage back to life will be a big hit.
Whether that is embracing 70's kitsch or a Victorian bauble.
For more information visit - www.pinesandneedles.com
5 top WWE superstars that have never won the Intercontinental Championship
The Intercontinental Championship has been held by several legends, but there are still some greats who have never won it.
@Bub3mi by Mathaeus Abuwa Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 09:45 IST
The Intercontinental Championship has evaded some top Superstars
The Intercontinental Championship is one of the most prestigious and storied titles in all of Sports entertainment. Anyone who is someone in the wrestling world has held the belt at some point.
From old-time legends like Pat Patterson to Attitude Era icons like Stone Cold Steve Austin, the IC title has always been held by main event calibre superstars. It is the third-oldest championship in the WWE today and was created in 1979.
After 38 years of being held by some of the greats in the industry, it's crazy to think that there are a few high-profile superstars that still haven't held the golden strap. Not just any superstars, top Superstars in the company today.
Here are the Top 5 WWE superstars that have never won the Intercontinental Championship.
#5 Goldberg
Goldberg made his WWE debut in 2003
Despite being booked as the most dominant force to ever grace the WCW stage, Goldberg's time in the WWE did not truly reflect his star qualities.
The WWE decided to waste him on Raw in the Triple H era, where he had a series of nullifying boring matches with The Game.
Also read: 5 WWE superstars that deserve to be Intercontinental Champion in 2017
His time in the WWE was anti-climatic, to say the least. No wonder the WWE have brought him back to win several high-profile matches. Perhaps this is a plan to untarnish his current WWE legacy.
An Intercontinental Championship run in the future wouldn't be out of the question for Goldberg but I don't think anyone in the WWE universe is holding their breath on it.
You've been together for quite some time now, you're completely in love and you want to pop that all important question. But hold on, what kind of ring is she going to like? An engagement is quite possibly going to be one of the most important investments that you make in your entire life, and it's always going to represent something special to your partner. Thanks to their timeless status, diamond rings are by far the most popular kind of engagement ring, but if you want to get it absolutely perfect, there are a few things that you'll want to consider.
What Shape Should The Diamond Be?
It's no surprise that a round diamond is the most popular shape for an engagement ring, as they're able to reflect light like no other, and they are incredibly classic. In fact, over three quarters of engagement rings that are purchased end up being a round shape, showing how popular the round shape is. However, not every bride-to-be wants to be traditional, and so there are a range of other slightly unconventional shapes that you can choose from, including a princess cut or an emerald cut. Fancy shapes are often more risky choices if you have no input from your other half on the decision, however you can save up to 40% if your diamond doesn't take a round shape.
How Big Should The Diamond Be?
Of course, the bigger the diamond, the more expensive the engagement ring will be, so this factor often depends on your budget. However, you should never feel guilty about purchasing a smaller ring, as actually, they can catch the light and sparkle just as much as a bigger diamond ring. When deciding upon a size, it's often wise to consider the practicality of it. If you have a girlfriend who uses her hands a lot on a daily basis, a larger engagement ring might look spectacular, but in reality, it's probably not going to be the most convenient. Plus, no girl wants to keep taking off her gorgeous engagement ring because it's disrupting whatever she's doing. Therefore, depending on the shape you have chosen too, you should put all of these factors into consideration.
The Quality Of The Diamond
This is determined by a number of things, including the colour, cut and clarity of the diamond. Once again, the higher-quality these factors are, the higher the price for the engagement ring will become. The cut of the ring will determine the brilliance and sparkle of the diamond. Regardless of how good the other factors are, a bad cut will make the diamond look lifeless. So, if you want the engagement ring to catch the light in all the best ways, picking a high quality cut is the best thing to do. When it comes to colour, the most popular decision is a colourless or white diamond, however for something more noticeable and different, selecting a colour for your engagement ring can look magical as long as the other factors complement it well. Lastly, you need to decide upon the clarity of the engagement ring, as this has the least impact on how the ring will look. Once you have completed this process, you should have the perfect engagement ring, which your girl is never going to want to take off.
When China's Ships Come In
Enlarge this image NPR NPR
When China's Ships Come In When China's Ships Come In Listen · 8:31 8:31
The Port of Long Beach is one of the biggest ports in the country. It and its neighbor, the Port of Los Angeles, handle 390 billion dollars worth of goods every year.
And business has boomed as the economy has improved. U.S. consumers bought more stuff; ships started getting bigger to meet demand; the Port of Long Beach invested billions.
Seventy percent of the ships that dock at the port come from China. So talk of a trade war has everybody's attention down on the docks.
Music by Drop Electric. Find us: Twitter/ Facebook.
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts, PocketCasts and NPR One.
GOP Baseball Practice Shooting: President Trump Says Suspect Has Died
Appearing before a podium at the White House, President Trump issues a statement on the shooting at a Virginia baseball field and says the suspect has died from his injuries.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
And now we're hearing reports President Trump is about to approach the podium.
(SOUNDBITE OF PRESS CONFERENCE)
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: A gunman opened fire on members of Congress and their staffs as they were practicing for tomorrow's annual charity baseball game. Authorities are continuing to investigate the crime. And the assailant has now died from his injuries. The FBI is leading the investigation and will continue to provide updates as new information becomes available.
Congressman Steve Scalise, a member of House leadership, was shot and badly wounded and is now in stable condition at the hospital along with two very courageous Capitol Police officers. At least two others were also wounded. Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very, very brutal assault. Melania and I are grateful for their heroism and praying for the swift recovery of all victims.
Congressman Scalise is a friend and a very good friend. He's a patriot, and he's a fighter. He will recover from this assault. And, Steve, I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you but of an entire nation and, frankly, the entire world. America is praying for you. And America is praying for all of the victims of this terrible shooting.
I spoke with Steve's wife, Jennifer. And I pledged to her our full and absolute support, anything she needs. We're with her and with the entire Scalise family. I have also spoken with Chief Matthew Verderosa - he's doing a fantastic job - of the Capitol Police to express our sympathies for his wounded officers and to express my admiration for their courage. Our brave Capitol Police perform a challenging job with incredible skill. And their sacrifice makes democracy possible.
We also commend the brave first responders from Alexandria Police, Fire and Rescue who rushed to the scene. Everyone on that field is a public servant - our courageous police, our congressional aides who work so tirelessly behind the scenes with enormous devotion, and our dedicated members of Congress, who represent our people. We may have our differences, but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation's capital is here because, above all, they love our country.
We can all agree that we are blessed to be Americans, that our children deserve to grow up in a nation of safety and peace and that we are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good. Please take a moment today to cherish those you love. And always remember those who serve and keep us safe. God bless them all. God bless you. And God blesses America. Thank you.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
President Trump with a flag pin on his lapel, blue tie today, in front of a portrait of George Washington - making a statement about today's shooting, saying that America is praying for all the victims in what he described as a nation of safety and peace. He also gave us a little bit of news there. I believe the president was the first we've heard say that the assailant has now died from his injuries. And by the assailant, we mean, of course, the gunman who opened fire on a baseball diamond earlier today.
MARTIN: The president also said we are stronger when we are unified and when we work for the common good. Again, making news there that the assailant in this attack has died. He says that Steve Scalise, the No. 3 in the House, is now stable. And two Capitol Police officers who were also shot are in stable condition.
INSKEEP: Let's bring Tamara Keith - NPR's Tamara Keith back into the conversation because the president also referred to the Capitol Police here.
And Tamara, maybe we should just describe who they are, what they do and what their role was in this incident, why they were even there.
TAMARA KEITH, BYLINE: Yeah, so the Capitol Police were there because Steve Scalise was there. Steve Scalise is the No. 3 in the House of Representatives. And as a result of his leadership position, he has a protective detail. The Capitol Police are the police officers that protect members of Congress. And they are both there at the Capitol screening people as they come in, checking for weapons or any other things.
INSKEEP: They're the people at the metal detectors.
KEITH: They're the people at the metal detectors, but they also are part of protective details, you know, wearing suits and, you know, driving with and being with members of Congress who are in leadership and require more protection.
INSKEEP: Not all 535 members have the security detail...
KEITH: In fact, most do not have a security detail. Most go through their daily lives, meet with members of the public, go to baseball practice without protection.
INSKEEP: And it was mentioned by Senator Jeff Flake, when we spoke with him earlier this morning - Senator Flake one of those who was present - that it was almost by happenstance that Capitol Police were there because Steve Scalise was the only member of leadership who had his own detail. And he might not have been at practice that day. As it happened, he was at practice that day. And therefore, there was someone to fire back.
KEITH: Right. Another senator, Rand Paul, said in an interview - not with us, but with another outlet - that it would have been a massacre without the Capitol Police being there. And simply because Steve Scalise went to practice today, they were there. Otherwise, there are 20 members of Congress on an open field with not a lot of cover.
INSKEEP: And let's reach out now to Alexandria, Va., where we have on the line one of the residents who witnessed this shooting this morning. Her name is Reba Winsted (ph). And she's on the phone. Welcome. Welcome to our coverage.
REBA WINSTED: You're welcome. Thank you.
INSKEEP: Thank you for taking the time to share what you know. Where were you this morning a little after 7 o'clock?
WINSTED: I live about four doors down from the backside of the YMCA. And so I was standing on my front porch. And when I heard the unmistakable sound of gunfire, about 10 to 12 volleys - or shots fired. And then there was a pause. And I told my husband, that sounds like gunfire. And then the shots started up again.
I went inside to grab the phone. I was on the phone with 911 dispatcher. And she asked, is that a - shots I hear in the background? And I said, yes, this is still an active shooter situation. Then I heard a bullet whiz past me. That's another very unmistakable sound. And so she told me to get inside, get anyone around me inside and call them back if there was any change in the situation because they had so many other calls.
There were people fleeing the scene in exercise clothes because everyone's going to work out at the park, doing running or the bike path or going to the YMCA. So there were a lot of people in the neighborhood in the vicinity. It's very busy in the morning there.
INSKEEP: Thank you for noting the bullet whizzing past you. It's just a reminder that gunshots travel, and with so many fired in a residential area, it is rather remarkable that there weren't more people shot, that there weren't people who were hit by stray bullets off of that baseball diamond, which is by the YMCA.
WINSTED: Well, one of my friends was actually inside the YMCA. And they said that some bullets went through the exterior glass and then through the pool glass and were in the pool. And she was stuck in the YMCA for a few hours while they were clearing that scene. And so it was terrifying for the people there. But I understand that since this was the congressional group that was playing there - at first I thought it was the Alexandria Aces, which is a collegiate team that plays here during the summer. That actually would have been more scary because then it truly is a random shooter just randomly shooting people. But knowing that it's politically motivated, that's a different kind of scary. It's not random violence, but it's certainly no way for politics to happen in our community or in anywhere.
INSKEEP: Certainly.
WINSTED: We have a political system. We have things in place. And it's - the communication is breaking down. Reporters aren't being allowed access. People aren't being allowed access to their elected officials because the senators and the congressmen aren't answering their phones. They aren't going to town halls.
INSKEEP: Right.
WINSTED: And that gets a lot of people frustrated.
INSKEEP: Reba Winsted, I've got to stop you there. Thank you very much for taking the time to talk with us. We should note, we don't know the motive of the shooter, who is now described as dead by the president of the United States - although, because of the victims, we'll be asking about the political motivations or if there were political motivations. Thank you very much.
MARTIN: Congressman Jack Bergman was there this morning. He's a Republican of Michigan. He was at the baseball practice in Alexandria today. And he joins us now on the line. Congressman, thanks so much for being with us.
JACK BERGMAN: Good morning, thanks.
MARTIN: How are you doing?
BERGMAN: I'm doing - you know what? I - by God's grace, I'm still here. Now it's part of my mission to make sure all those who were there with me this morning, that we make sure that they have processed what happened so that they can move forward.
MARTIN: Can you recount for us, as best you are able, what happened from your vantage point?
BERGMAN: Well, I was next in line, standing next to the batting cage, standing right by home plate. And the first shot rang out, and it was kind of a - you know, a surprise. But then, a couple of seconds later, the second shot rang out. And, you know, I was - I was a Marine for 40 years, so I know the sound of gunfire. And it was - people started scrambling. Somebody yelled, shooter. And I - I basically turned to assess my situation, figured out the shooter was somewhere behind the third-base dugout. And I scrambled behind first-base dugout to see what was going to happen next. And then the shooter started to move. We could never see him. I couldn't see him. Maybe others did. I couldn't see him from my vantage point - moved down the third-base line towards home plate - again now, outside the chain-link fence, not on the field. That would have been a whole, totally different scenario. And then, since he was moving down, a couple of us who were behind the first-base dugout scrambled into the dugout in case he came behind the backstop and opened fire from that angle. But at that point, shortly after we got into the dugout, is when the Capitol Police had located him - because they, at first, had to locate where he was and to determine that there was only one shooter (unintelligible) several shooters so that they didn't potentially walk into an ambush.
MARTIN: Yeah.
BERGMAN: And they - and they engaged him, at that point, and then took him down.
MARTIN: Could you - were you able to discern who had been hurt and how badly?
BERGMAN: Well, I couldn't until I popped my head up out of the dugout. And then I knew that Scalise was on the field because I heard somebody yell that. And there were others already out there. I ran out to right behind second base. He was on the - on the grass. And Dr. Wenstrup, one of our congressmen, and Senator Flake were administering to him. I just spent a couple seconds there, helped to remove his belt because they were getting ready to apply a tourniquet. And then I went on to check other wounded. And that's what I did.
MARTIN: We know that the Capitol Police responded. Could you - could you tell how many shots were fired?
BERGMAN: No, but as - I was listening to your earlier caller. And she described it accurately in that there were a few shots.
MARTIN: Yeah.
BERGMAN: You know, maybe 10, 12. And then it was silent. The only thing I can figure is that he was maneuvering. And then - then the shots started again, when he started engaging again. And the Capitol Police engaged him. So it was kind of two...
MARTIN: Engaged - Congressman, thank you so much for sharing your perspective this morning. We appreciate it. Congressman Jack Bergman of Michigan.
BERGMAN: Thank you.
INSKEEP: And we'll just mention again, President Trump has made some news saying that the shooter has now died of his injuries suffered after he shot a number of people outside Washington.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Paying for college isn't easy. For many people, it's downright impossible. Walmart is trying to do something about it. In a recent announcement on its website, it was announced that Walmart will offer college tuition to employees of both Walmart U.S. and Sam's Club, for anyone full-time, part-time, or salaried. Employees contribute what comes out to $1 a day, and Walmart will take over from there, subsidizing the cost of tuition, books, and other fees. Employees can get their degree through one of three schools selected: the University of Florida, Brandman University, and Bellevue University. To create the program, Walmart teamed up with Guild Education, a top education benefits platform, to make it possible for employees to obtain their associate's and bachelor's degrees in either business or supply chain management.
It's not just affordable tuition they're offering. Other perks include academic counseling, covering the costs for employees and eligible relatives to get their high school diploma or a GED, and making it more affordable for employees and eligible relatives to attend other schools and get education coaching. This will apply at more than 80 universities, including Georgia Tech, Columbia University, and Purdue University, says Walmart. Plus, employees will be able to earn college credit ahead of time with paid training provided by Walmart Academy.
Scott Olson/Getty Images News/Getty Images
Rachel Carlson, chief executive officer and co-founder of Guild Education, said in the press release, “Walmart has kicked off what might be the nation's most scalable approach to creating educational opportunity for America's workforce, now available to its U.S. associates and their families. Walmart is also leading innovation at the intersection of workforce development and higher education by helping associates earn college credit for their on-the-job training.”
It's a bold move, but will it work? That's where the Lumina Foundation comes in: they will measure the results of the program to determine if it's as effective as Walmart hopes it will be. The whole strategy was devised and carefully crafted to better prepare adults for their careers — this is why they picked these three specific universities and these two particular majors. If the program works, the burden of financial aid and the barrier it serves as between individuals and a college education would effectively be lifted for Walmart employees.
It's not the only news that's gotten Walmart in the headlines, as of late. As Reuters reported in January, it announced a raise for entry-level workers in the United States to $11 an hour as of February. It also revealed expanded maternity and parental leave benefits, plus a one-time-only cash bonus of up to $1,000, based on how long an employee has been working for the company. It is worth noting, though, that Walmart was simultaneously closing stores, which meant job loss for approximately 7,500 employees. According to Reuters, analysts predicted that, thanks to the new tax law, the move will likely save Walmart billions; raises, on the other hand, are in the ballpark of $300 million.
Low wages have been an issue for Walmart in the past. It wasn't that long ago, reports Reuters, it was paying its workers less than $9 an hour. (The bump to $9 happened in 2015.) While it's important not to gloss over the fact that, in the recent past, many Walmart workers were living below the poverty line, the new tuition program is certainly a step in the right direction, as are other changes that have been implemented since. Hopefully this program will help its employees and give them an opportunity they might not have otherwise, creating the environment for a happier and more financially sound future for workers of Walmart and their families.
Goalkeeper Jonathan Bond was awarded the sponsor's man of the match during Peterborough United's 3-2 home defeat to Blackburn Rovers this afternoon (Saturday, December 9).
The goalkeeper saved well from Bradley Dack in the first-half and kept out the rebound alongside Jack Baldwin, and he made a superb stop to deny Marcus Antonsson, but he was powerless to prevent Dack (twice) and Charlie Mulgrew from giving Blackburn the win.
Gwion Edwards of Peterborough United in action with Derrick Williams of Blackburn Rovers - Mandatory by-line: Joe Dent/JMP - 09/12/2017 - FOOTBALL - ABAX Stadium - Peterborough, England - Peterborough United v Blackburn Rovers - Sky Bet League One
Steven Taylor and a late Jack Marriott effort were in vain for Posh who were ruthlessly punished for individual errors.
Jonathan Bond: Saved well from Dack and superbly from Antonsson but had no chance for the three goals 7
Jack Baldwin: Sent off a few seconds from the end for a second yellow card. Struggled against Antonsson but had little support. Beaten in the build-up to the third goal but helped block Dack from opening the scoring 5
Steven Taylor: Headed in the opener and defended resiliently in the first-half. Lost the ball in the Rovers corner flag which led to Dack's second after a rapid counter-attack 6
Ryan Tafazolli: Like Taylor solid for most of the first-half but was powerless to stop Dack running the show after the break 6
Andrew Hughes: After a bright start he rarely managed to get forward. Kept Antonsson quiet before the winger switched flanks 6
Chris Forrester: Looked stylish and composed in the first-half but lost the ball which allowed Blackburn to take the lead 5.5
Anthony Grant: Plenty of concern as he hobbled off after another impressive performance. Always makes it hard for the opposition to play 7
Jermaine Anderson: The game seemed to pass him by. Gave the ball away on a few occasions as well 5
Marcus Maddison: Can go quiet in matches but an assist for Taylor and an excellent cross which set up a Marriott chance showed his quality 7
Gwion Edwards: Started strongly, linking up well with Hughes, and produced some excellent dribbles. Good cross which Lloyd headed over 7
Jack Marriott: A lively performance again which culminated in a tap-in for a 15th goal of the season. Missed the target in the first-half trying his luck from distance 7
Substitutes
Anthony Lloyd: (for Anderson, 66 mins)
Michael Doughty: (for Forrester, 72 mins)
Idris Kanu: (for Grant, 86 mins)
Ricky Miller: (not used).
Connor O'Malley: (not used).
Alex Penny: (not used).
Lewis Freestone: (not used).
Juanita A. Schaffer, 85, La Crosse, Kansas, died Friday, April 14, 2017, at Cherry Village, Great Bend, Kansas.
Mrs. Schaffer was born February 5, 1932, in Pfeifer, Kansas, the daughter of Stephen S. and Pauline (Dater) Urban. A lifelong resident of Rush County, Kansas, she was a homemaker and farm wife.
She was a member of St. Joseph's Catholic Church, and St. Ann's Altar Society, both of Liebenthal, Kansas. She served as a past president and treasurer of the altar society.
On May 11, 1949, she married Michael C. Schaffer at Holy Cross Church, Pfeifer, Kansas. He preceded her in death March 22, 2013.
Survivors include: two sons, Leland Schaffer (Jan), Liebenthal, Kansas, and Harvey Schaffer (Laurie), Great Bend, Kansas; one daughter, Donna Herrman, (James), Olathe, Kansas; 13 grandchildren; 27 great grandchildren; and one great great grandson.
She was preceded in death by her parents; her husband; one son, Roy Michael Schaffer; six brothers, Joseph Urban, George Urban, Anton Urban, Benedict Urban, Daniel Urban, and Sylvester Urban; and six sisters, Regina Weiser, Anna Haberman, Monica Urban, Barbara Sanders, Philomena Cassan, and Eva Marie Urban.
Visitation will be Tuesday, April 18, 2017, from 4:00 P.M. to 8:00 P.M. at the Janousek Funeral Home, La Crosse, Kansas. A vigil service and rosary will be at 7:00 P.M.
Church visitation will be Wednesday, April 19, 2017, from 10:00 A.M. to 10:50 A.M. at St. Joseph's Catholic Church, Liebenthal, Kansas.
Funeral service will be Wednesday, April 19, 2017, at 11:00 A.M. at St. Joseph's Catholic Church, Liebenthal, Kansas, with Father Eric Awuahjyamfi officiating. Interment will be in the St. Joseph's Cemetery, Liebenthal, Kansas.
Memorials are suggested to St. Ann's Altar Society, Liebenthal, Kansas.
Condolences or remembrances may be left for the family at www.charterfunerals.com/locations/janousek-lacrosse.php.
Arrangements were by Janousek Funeral Home, 719 Pine Street, P O Box 550, La Crosse, Kansas 67548, 785/222-2517.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This shocking picture shows a 12-year-old boy curled up inside the dashboard of a car in a suspected smuggling oepration.
The schoolboy, believed to be from Guinea in West Africa,was hiding in a foetal position in a pair of dirty shorts.
The youngster wasstuffed into the tiny space between the engine and the passenger of the BMW X5.
Officers found him after detecting his heartbeat using a special machine.
They then reached into the dashboard with their hands at a checkpoint on the border between Morocco and Spain's north African enclave of Melilla.
The car was ripped apart to retrieve the child.
A spokesman for the Civil Guard, the force which discovered the youngster, said: “The operation began when officers stopped a BMW X5 with a Moroccan numberplate so they could inspect the driver's vehicle and personal ID documents.
(Image: SOLARPIX.COM)
“He was then asked to open his boot but nothing untoward was found," the spokesman contiunued.
“A tiny detail aroused the suspicion of officers when a heart beat sensor was passed over the car, a high-end vehicle in very good condition.
“The boy was found during an exhaustive search inside the dashboard. An officer felt the body of a person after introducing his hand and immediately ripped off part of it to remove and assist the human being who turned out to be a young boy.”
The child was said to have been disorientated and suffering breathing difficulties and numbness in his limbs because of the position he had been forced to adopt.
He was given medical assistance at the scene.
The driver of the Moroccan-plated vehicle stopped by police, a 65-year-old, was arrested and is expected to be remanded in custody after appearing before an investigating judge in the next 24 hours.
Millwall have offered Jimmy Abdou a new contract – with the long-serving midfielder due a testimonial if he signs.
The 32-year-old is due to be a free agent in June but talks are planned now that the Easter matches are out of the way.
Lions boss Neil Harris said: “We've made Jimmy an initial offer – he's considering it with his family.
“Jimmy loves playing at this club and we love having him at this club. Myself and Jimmy will speak again at the end of this week, just to see where he is at.
“With someone like Jimmy he can be quite straightforward. All he has got to consider is where he is at football-wise, because he is not playing as much as he would like. But he has still got a big part to play. I love having him around the club.
“Hopefully we can get something sorted where Jimmy commits his future to us past the summer.”
Millwall chief executive Steve Kavanagh added: “Next year would be Jimmy's 10th at the club and he would qualify, if he wanted to, for a testimonial.
“The chairman loves Jimmy. If we can get something done that works for everybody then it will see him complete those 10 years.”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kylie Minogue is reported to have found love once again after her last fiancé was accused of cheating on her.
This time the famously unlucky in love star has shunned her usual toyboy model type and hooked up with GQ's hunky creative director.
Kylie is said to have been quietly dating Paul Solomons since they were introduced in February this year.
It's been a year since Kylie, 49, was left 'traumatised' after calling off her engagement with actor Joshua Sasse, 30.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: GC Images)
A source told Reveal magazine, Kylie had been cautious of getting involved with any body long-term, but so far things have been going well for her and Paul.
"Kylie's in no rush to get into a serious relationship, but she's enjoying the attention," said the insider.
They then added: "Both Kylie and Paul are keen to keep their close friendship under wraps."
Mirror Online has contacted representatives of Kylie for comment.
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
(Image: ITV)
As well as bagging herself a new man, the pop princess is currently riding high after landing herself another number one album with Golden.
After the release date came off the back of her painful break-up with actor Joshua, Kylie was forced to deny some of the more emotional songs were about him.
"Literally, that's been and gone," she said on ITV's Lorraine, before adding, "That does seem like another life."
She continued: "I was very happily single when I wrote them [the tracks]. Like, very happily single. The grass is always greener isn't it?"
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Speaking to the Sunday Times magazine back in February, the Aussie star revealed she fled to Thailand after the shock of the split sparked a breakdown.
"I just wanted to stop. I knew I needed to heal my... my physical system was compromised," she said.
"I think it's called a nervous breakdown. I just thought 'no, no, no, no'.
"Thailand was an opportunity to reclaim myself, get strong and get going.
"I think I reacted pretty quickly. I can take a nose dive pretty fast, but I won't stay there long," she added. "I'm too practical."
Geiling said the dealers licence area is more of a pharmaceutical regulation, separate from the regulatory framework that surrounds the ACMPR, or Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulation.
In 2016, Canopy became the second company in Canada to obtain the unique licence, which also allows it to test marijuana from other legal growers, to determine the chemical makeup of their product.
"This is no longer something that's run by biker gangs or people growing in their basement," Geiling said. "This is a true pharmaceutical facility."
Despite being located in the heart of Canopy's facility, the lab is considered a separate entity — so much so that paperwork must be filed to move marijuana into it, even from elsewhere in the facility.
Bruce Linton, Canopy's CEO, described the value of the lab as offering the company a chance to make more mistakes than the competition.
"We're not just testing products. We're trying to invent things," he said before gesturing around the dealers licence area. "Does this look like a marijuana facility, or a high-end lab where you can have lots of interesting PhDs coming and sharing ideas?"
There are 370 people working at Canopy in Smith Falls, with more than 750 workers across Canada and more than 300 job openings.
But it wasn't always this way. In the early days of 2014, recruiting talent was a challenge, Linton said.
"The big problem was getting you as a first person to decide that you're going to tell your parents you're joining a pot company."
Those challenges appear to be a thing of the past, as the company prepares to hire as many as 400 new people.
Amy Winehouse's dad Mitch admits 2017 has been one of his toughest years since his daughter's death.
The chart-topping star died from accidental alcohol poisoning in July 2011, aged 27, and Mitch has admitted that this year has been particularly tough for him, revealing he still thinks about his daughter "every minute".
Mitch shared: "We think about her every day. In fact, we think about her every minute of the day."
Amy would have been celebrating her 33rd birthday on September 14 and Mitch confessed that the landmark date hit him "very hard" this year.
Speaking to PEOPLE, Mitch explained: "I don't know why but this year her birthday hit me very hard. I don't know why but it was very tough."
However, Mitch is pleased that he's been able to continue Amy's legacy through the Amy Winehouse Foundation, which works to prevent the effects of drug and alcohol misuse on young people.
He said: "She was a really charitable girl, so we are really just continuing what she would have done."
Despite being one of the world's best-selling artists, Amy used to make food and socialise with homeless people in London.
And Mitch is proud that the foundation has been able to follow in her footsteps by helping people less fortunate.
He recalled: "Amy used to take people off the streets and feed them.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Scranton sent a round of letters to thousands of city residents instructing them to register their properties as rental units and pay associated fees — but many of the recipients aren't landlords.
It is impossible to say exactly how many residents who don't own rental property got the directive.
City Councilman Bill Gaughan said Monday his parents — who have owned a single-family home for about the past 35 years — were among recipients, and he's heard from roughly 10 other people who don't own rental property but got the order to register.
The city is trying to enforce the rental registration ordinance and relied on county assessment data to generate a list before sending out 11,800 letters last week, said Mayor Bill Courtright and Patrick Hinton, director of the Licensing, Inspections and Permits Department.
The rental registration unit has only two employees, making it difficult for the department to directly investigate every building in a 76,000-resident city. Past efforts to advertise for landlords to come forward didn't work, Hinton added.
“It was the only thing that could really be done,” Hinton said.
The city encountered a similar problem in 2015, when it sent letters to 7,800 property owners telling them to register their rental units and pay the annual fees. Officials used information from the previous year's rental registration list and information provided by the Single Tax Office on people owning more than one property.
Like this year, city officials didn't know how many of the letter recipients in 2015 were actually landlords. Once recipients proved they were not landlords, they were crossed off the list.
On Monday, Courtright said using assessment data from a county that last conducted a reassessment in 1968 can mean many records are out of date.
Another source of confusion is when a home is built on a property that includes more than one lot, making it look like a possible rental property.
Gaughan wasn't satisfied.
“I'm getting phone calls, and people are stopping me saying, ‘Hey, we are getting the same letter,' ” the councilman said. “I think it's incompetence by the licensing and inspections office and the Courtright administration. My biggest fear is elderly people will get this, get scared and pay it by accident.”
Courtright declined to respond to Gaughan, only saying the councilman is entitled to his opinion.
Hinton, however, did have a reaction to Gaughan.
“It's pretty amazing to make such a bold and ignorant statement like that,” he said. “Council, they're the ones that drafted this piece of legislation. They didn't say anything about how the city would identify the properties.”
People who get the rental registration in error should contact the licensing and inspections office at 570-348-4193, after which the city will remove them from the list and verify the homes aren't rental properties, Courtright said.
In hopes of improving accuracy in the future, the administration is looking into using a contractor to help bill for rental registration.
Contact the writer:
kwind@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100, x5181;
@kwindTT on Twitter
South Korea's birthrate began to tumble in the mid-1980s in line with an increase in the number of married women receiving higher levels of education, a report said Wednesday.
The country's total fertility rate -- the average number of children a woman bears in her lifetime -- plunged to 1.6 in 1987 from the replacement level of 2.1 three years earlier, according to the report by the Korea Institute for Health and Social Affairs.
(Yonhap)
South Korea suffered a nosedive almost at the same time as the number of married women aged between 15 and 49 with high school diplomas outstripped those of middle school graduates.People with middle school diplomas accounted for 30.2 percent of all married women in South Korea in 1985, with the portion of high school graduates reaching 25.9 percent. The numbers came to 28.5 percent and 31.1 percent, respectively, three years later."The findings show South Korean women's marriage and birth patterns are closely related to the level of their educational background," the report said.In 1974, slightly over 70 percent of South Korea's married women aged 15-49 were elementary school graduates, but nearly 95 percent of them had high school or university diplomas in 2012.The report also showed married women's labor force participation rate had also surged in line with their higher educational backgrounds over the cited period. About 39 percent of all married women were inside the labor force in 1974 with the ratio jumping to 53 percent in 2012.South Korea has one of the lowest birthrates in the world. Its total fertility rate stood at 1.24 in 2015, far lower than the replacement level of 2.1 that would keep South Korea's population of 51 million stable. (Yonhap)
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kerry Katona has thrown her support behind Ant McPartlin following his drink drive arrest, whilst taking a swipe at Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield.
The former Atomic Kitten star - who is a recovering cocaine addict - agreed with claims that the Morning hosts deliberately ignored their good friend's arrest on the show.
As one of the few celebs to react to the embattled star's situation, she tweeted: "Such sad news... really hope he finds help and peace but have to agree!! With this article!"
However, Kerry, 37, mysteriously then deleted the tweet, although some of her replies to comments remained visible.
Replying to one woman who had battled her own addiction issues, Kerry replied, "It doesn't have to [be] addiction! Depression and mental health are also big factors in this xx
And when one said 'paparazzi' and 'TV presenters' should leave him alone,' she said, "100% agree they make it so much harder to recover and pushes you into an even deeper dark place! I know it did with me x"
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: ITV)
Kerry appeared on This Morning nine years ago when she infamously slurred her words through an interview with Phil and former host Fern Britton, sparking relapse fears.
"You don't seem right... your speech is a bit slurred, are you OK?" Phil asked her.
But the singer - who still gets asked about the appearance to this day - insisted it was 'down to medication.'
"Everyone knows I had issues with drink and drugs, but that was due to medication, pure medication.
"Even now I have episodes where I talk a million miles an hour and then I go really down.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
"I'm still on medication and I'm not ashamed to admit that," she said last April.
Meanwhile, ITV's Lorraine Kelly also spoke out in favour of Ant, insisting to viewers that her friend and colleague would be at this weekend's Saturday Night Takeaway - although the show has since been pulled.
But there was nothing but silence from the Morning co-hosts.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Did you see what happened at Ant's crash site? Email webcelebs@trinitymirror.com to tell your story
"I would be astounded [if he wasn't on the show] because he's such a professional," Lorraine said.
"He will be there on Saturday night though, a lot of people are speculating that he won't be there for Saturday Night Takeaway. He will."
Ant's arrest was even discussed on ITV's Good Morning Britain, where footage of him arriving back at his west London home at 2.40am aired.
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: ITV)
But Holly and Phil, who share the same management company as Ant, refused to talk about him while introducing the news on today's programme.
Instead they talked about schools across the UK being closed because of the 'mini-Beast' - completely ignoring the biggest showbiz story of the day.
Both Holly and Phillip went up against Ant and Dec at the 2018 National Television Awards, losing out to the entertainment duo for the best TV Presenter gong.
But that doesn't seem to have affected their loyalty to one of their own.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Viewers slammed Holly, Phil and This Morning bosses for not even mentioning Ant's name, with one even pointed out that Jamie Carragher was suspended from Sky after being filmed spitting at a 14-year-old girl.
"Last week, This Morning ran a poll on Jamie Carragher & whether he should be sacked from his job at Sky. I look forward to seeing what Holly & Phil (both same agents as Ant) do regarding Ant McPartlin. Oh, that's right! No mention. Because spitting at a car is way worse than DUI," wrote the unimpressed tweeter.
Another tweeted directly at the show to ask: "Will you be posting a similar poll to last weeks "Should Jamie Carragher lose his job after his spitting" about Ant Mcpartland drink drive incident in which a car with a 3 year old in it was hit?"
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
A third said: "Good morning Britain did report on ANT MCPARTLINS CAR CRASH why are this morning not mentioning it?"
And another wrote: "Not blaming presenters but This Morning are hypocrites by not making arrest of Ant McPartlin a main story today. They would be all over it if it was a BBC presenter!"
However, Celebrity Big Brother star India Willoughby stepped in to defend This Morning.
"To everyone accusing thismorning of ignoring the Ant McPartlin story: there is very little you can say legally when charges are a possibility. Hope all parties involved are ok," she tweeted.
(Image: ITV)
The TV favourite was nicked by cops after crashing his black Mini into two other vehicles on Sunday afternoon. He failed a roadside breathalyser test and was held in police custody for 10 hours for questioning.
Having gone to rehab for an addiction to painkillers last year, Ant has since confirmed that he will be seeking treatment for a second time.
“Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from his current TV commitments," a statement on Ant and Dec's Twitter page read.
"He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future. As such ‘Saturday Night Takeaway' will not be going ahead this Saturday.”
ITV released its own statement, confirming this week's show will not go ahead, and that Dec may front the popular series alone for the remaining two weeks.
“ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend," a spokesperson said.
“We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series (March 31 and April 7) which would not feature Ant who is taking time off to seek treatment. We very much hope that he gets the help that he needs.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool are preparing for their Champions League qualifier clash against Bundesliga Hoffenheim.
The Reds touched down in Germany earlier on Monday, before manager Jurgen Klopp and captain Jordan Henderson were put up in front of the media when they were quizzed on a number of subjects.
Chief among these was the future of Philippe Coutinho , following the Brazilian's transfer request last week.
Cash-rich Barcelona are desperate to land the 25-year-old, but the Reds are digging their heels, as the saga overshadows the start to their Premier League campaign.
Here's what the Liverpool pair had to say in full.
Klopp on tomorrow's game
(Image: Andrew Powell)
“We fought really hard for this opportunity, after the (Boro) game we knew we were fourth and then we found out we were seeded.”
Then we saw some of the teams we could still get. They are strong, we are strong and that's how it should be. Both have big aims.
"No-one knows in Liverpool that Hoffenheim is a small city.
“I've known Hoffenheim since 2007/08 when they got promoted instead of Mainz. We were fourth, they were third.”
Klopp on Coutinho
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Nothing has changed.
“Not one one side or the other side. He's not available for us at the moment. That's main issue.
“There's nothing to say about it.
“I really understand everybody is interested in it, but at this moment I'm not thinking about it.
“I will answer questions but I'm not in the car, on the way to this press conference, thinking ‘if they ask this question, what can I say?' because I have to think about the (training) session in a few minutes.
“It was always like this. I work with the players I have, I don't think about the players I don't have at the moment.
“If they're injured, whatever, you cannot change, it's the same situation for me.
“I think I've said everything you can say about it, if you want to ask do, but I have no more answers.”
Klopp on the transfer window
(Image: Offside Sports Photography)
“It would have helped us this year (if the window had shut when the season started). The whole market has changed this year.
“In car on the way to the press conference I wasn't thinking about it (Coutinho). I only think about players I have in this moment.”
Klopp on experience
(Image: Getty)
“We've been together for 20 months now. We know about their quality and their tactical fouls which is part of the game.
“I am pleased for my agent because I'm the old horse in the stable and there is a young horse now in Nagelsmann.”
Henderson on the mood in the squad
(Image: Liverpool FC)
“It's still very positive. You have to get over things quickly. Hopefully we can put on a good performance tomorrow.”
Henderson on Firmino
(Image: Getty)
“He's a massive player for the team. Hopefully he can have another good season for us.”
Henderson on Coutinho
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
“It's a difficult situation for Phil and whatever I say won't help matters.
“We want Phil to stay because he's a world class player.
"I don't think I can influence the situation but I can have conversations with him.
“But at the end of the day anything that happens has nothing to do with me.”
Henderson on losing the 2016 Europa League final
“You have to use that and make sure you don't have that feeling again,”
OSLO— The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, a group of mostly young activists pushing for a global treaty to ban the cataclysmic bombs.
The award of the $1.1-million prize comes amid heightened tensions over both North Korea's aggressive development of nuclear weapons and President Donald Trump's persistent criticism of the deal to curb Iran's nuclear program.
The prize committee wanted "to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations," Oeivind Stenersen, a historian of the peace prize, told The Associated Press. "The prize is also coded support to the Iran nuclear deal. I think this was wise because recognizing the Iran deal itself could have been seen as giving support to the Iranian state."
The Geneva-based ICAN has campaigned actively for the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons adopted by the United Nations in July, but which needs ratification from 50 countries. Only three countries have ratified it so far. It organized events globally in 2015 to mark the 70th anniversaries of the World War II U.S. atomic bombings of the Japanese cities Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Last month in Berlin, ICAN protesters teamed up with other organizations to demonstrate outside the U.S. and North Korean embassies against the possibility of nuclear war between the two countries. Wearing masks of Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, protesters posed next to a dummy nuclear missile and a large banner reading "Time to Go: Ban Nuclear Weapons."
The group "has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world's nations to pledge to co-operate ... in efforts to stigmatize, prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons," Norwegian Nobel Committee chairwoman Berit Reiss-Andersen said in the announcement.
The prize "sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behaviour. We will not support it, we will not make excuses for it, we can't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security. That's not how you build security," ICAN executive director Beatrice Fihn told reporters in Geneva.
She said that she "worried that it was a prank" after getting a phone call just minutes before the official Peace Prize announcement was made. Fihn said she didn't believe it until she heard the name of the group proclaimed on television.
ICAN leaders later popped open some bubbly to celebrate the prize, and held up a banner with the name of the organization in their small Geneva headquarters.
"We are trying to send very strong signals to all states with nuclear arms, nuclear-armed states — North Korea, U.S., Russia, China, France, U.K., Israel, all of them, India, Pakistan — it is unacceptable to threaten to kill civilians," she said.
Shona has just been revealed as Clayton's mum
The devastating aftermath of the Maryland helicop
Sheamus has a message for Celtic as they seek Sco
Robert Lewandowski fit and raring to go against R
Wes Morgan back in Leicester training ahead of At
Steward gives not so thorough searches at Tottenh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Everyone has an opinion on whether Antoine Griezmann will still be at Atletico Madrid next season.
But after you watch the above video we're sure you will agree the only opinion that matters is that of Filipe Luis' son.
The youngster named Tiago was having a chat with a journalist who decided to quiz him on the Frenchman's future at the club.
He asked: "Are you going to tell Griezmann not to leave Atletico?" expecting Tiago to instantly reply: "Yes, of course".
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: AFP)
However he didn't. Instead he explained why Griezmann should leave the club, but not in the way you think.
It's not that he wants him to leave. It's just he's aware that he cannot spend every hour of every day at work... make sense?
"He has to leave Atletico because he needs to sleep in his house."
Absolutely brilliant, eh?
The company that wants to build the controversial Keystone XL oil pipeline says it has submitted a new permit application to the U.S. State Department.
The TransCanada announcement came just two days after President Trump took executive actions to speed the approval process for both the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipelines.
The Keystone XL is an important project for Canada's oil sands companies because it would transport their crude from rural Alberta to Steele City, Neb. From there, existing pipes would move it to the Gulf Coast where crude can fetch higher prices, either from local refineries or on the world market.
On Tuesday, Trump also signed a memorandum directing the commerce secretary to develop a plan to ensure pipelines constructed in the U.S. are built with pipes manufactured domestically.
That could be a tricky problem for TransCanada.
"We have procured a lot of the materials already, most of that was purchased within North America," said TransCanada President and CEO Russ Girling at an investor conference in British Columbia Wednesday.
In 2012 TransCanada said half the pipe for the Keystone XL project would be purchased from a mill in Arkansas. The rest was to be manufactured in Canada, Italy and India.
But then the Obama Administration rejected a permit application from TransCanada in 2015 because of environmental concerns. That announcement was cheered by environmentalists and condemned by the oil industry and its supporters.
After TransCanada submitted its new application, American Petroleum Institute President and CEO Jack Girard called it, "...an important step forward to building a 21st Century energy infrastructure system across our nation."
Environmentalists and landowners say they are ready to oppose the Keystone XL again. Upon learning that Trump planned to speed approval for the project, Dallas Goldtooth with the Indigenous Environmental Network told NPR, "It's only going to result in more mass mobilization and civil disobedience on a scale never seen by a newly-seated president."
Fans of Leeds Rhinos and Castleford Tigers have rallied around both teams ahead of their Grand Final derby clash today.
The teams face off at Old Trafford from 6pm in a game which would bag Leeds a record-breaking eighth Super League triumph or mean Cas are crowned champions for the first time.
Leeds Rhinos v Hull Super League play off semi final Headingley fri 29th sept 2017 Fans celebrate winning
But either way, the trophy is coming back to West Yorkshire.
And supporters of both teams have sent the players well wishes ahead of the big game.
Rhinos devotees are desperate for two of the club's stalwarts, Danny McGuire and Rob Burrow, to say goodbye with a win.
For Castleford, it would be welcome boost in sporting pride for the small town.
Leeds fan Chris Hall said: “All the best to the Rhinos, wouldn't it be a great achievement if they could lift the trophy for the legends that are Danny McGuire and Rob Burrow.”
Castleford supporter Faye Noon said: “Wishing all the luck to the mighty Tigers, do it for our small town. Everyone's buzzing. Fab to see so many Cas shirts about and people smiling with the feel good factor.”
For players on both teams walking out tomorrow, the chance to lift silverware would also be the ultimate prize.
Rhinos prop Anthony Mullally said that to win the clash - his first final - would be a “dream come true”.
Speaking yesterday as the club were catered for at Banyan ahead of travelling to Manchester, he said: “I've heard the stories and I've seen it – it's something I've dreamed of since I was a little kid.”
10 things that have changed since LeBron James last missed the NBA Finals
Did you know that Steph Curry had just completed his rookie year when LeBron James last missed the NBA Finals? We name more such occurrences
Yash Matange SENIOR ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 20:42 IST 46 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
LeBron James, in 2016, with the NBA Championship trophy and the Finals MVP trophy
Greatest of all-time or not, LeBron James is an all-time GREAT. For the sake of this article, let's leave aside any debate and just appreciate his greatness. (If you still wish to indulge yourself in a LeBron vs MJ debate, do plunge in here)
Despite all the adversities that James and the Cleveland Cavaliers have had to overcome over the course of this past season, as we begin the final week of May, the King is back where he belongs - the NBA Finals.
In doing so, he becomes the first non-Boston Celtics' player (from the 1960's) to make it to eight consecutive NBA Finals. Led by LeBron, the Cavaliers have now become the fifth team (fourth franchise) to make it to four consecutive Finals (2015-18). The previous teams being the Celtics from 1957 to 1966 and then again from 1984-87, the 'Showtime' Los Angeles Lakers (1982-85) and the Miami Heat (2011-14).
Capping off the Eastern Conference Finals with 35 PTS, 15 Rebs, 9 AST in Game 7... we showcase the BEST PLAYS of LeBron James' series!
He and the @cavs are headed back to the #NBAFinals for the 4th consecutive season.#WhateverItTakes #NBAPlayoffs pic.twitter.com/UfBG5LTcJG — NBA (@NBA) May 28, 2018
But, in this case, we are talking about a player's streak and not that of a team. In fact, he has more Finals appearances than 28 franchises in the league (only ones having more are the Lakers and the Celtics). It's safe to say that his appearance in the Finals was most in doubt this year and yet, despite all the odds, he remains the King of the East.
LeBron's Finals' streak is now legitimately as long as two US Presidential terms. So, it's time to take a short trip down the memory lane to see everything that has changed since LeBron last missed the NBA Finals (these are not rankings):
Note: 2009-10 was the last season LeBron James missed the NBA Finals.
#10 Chris Kaman was an All-Star
#35 Chris Kaman going up against Tim Duncan
Remember Chris Kaman? No?
That's because he hasn't done much to help you recollect. Kaman, who was drafted 6th overall in 2003 Draft, hasn't officially retired yet but has not played for any NBA franchise since 2016. In those 13 years, he played five teams - the Lakers, LA Clippers, New Orleans Hornets, Dallas Mavericks, and the Portland Trail Blazers.
He literally has one career highlight or award to his name - making the All-Star team in 2010. It was the first and only All-Star selection of his career during a season when he averaged 18.5 points, 9.3 rebounds and 1.6 assists on 49% shooting.
A Denton county patrol sergeant has been fired following charges of online solicitation of a minor, according to a Denton County Sheriff's Office press release.
Patrol Sgt. West Jordan was arrested after a joint investigation conducted by the Tarrant County Sheriff's Office Internet Crimes Against Children Unit and the Texas Department of Public Safety Criminal Investigations Division. Jordan is being held in Tarrant County Jail on a second-degree felony charge, according to the Denton County Sheriff's Office.
Denton County Sheriff Tracy Murphree released a statement Wednesday morning.
“I am shocked and ashamed by the arrest of one of our own for such a horrible crime,” Murphree said. “Criminal actions by those sworn to serve and protect will not be tolerated. He has brought dishonor to his profession and to this office. He has been terminated and we are cooperating fully with the Investigation. I am thankful that Tarrant County Sheriff Bill Waybourn and his Office and DPS conducted this investigation and was able to get a predator off the street.”
James Arthur "assumes everyone is bisexual".
The 30-year-old musician has weighed in on the criticism surrounding Rita Ora's new single 'Girls' - which was slammed for "exploiting" bisexuality in its lyrics, despite Rita insisting she was writing from experience - and says he isn't surprised by the star's sexuality, as in this day an age he says "most girls fancy other girls".
He said: "I did see that there was quite a bit of backlash for the song. I respect people shedding light and standing up for the LGBT community - that's a great thing.
"If that's what it is, you know, and not an attempt for publicity, then fair play. I kind of assumed everyone is bisexual these days. I think most girls I know fancy other girls, it's not something unusual in 2018.
"So Rita saying I kissed a girl doesn't make me step back in amazement. It doesn't shock. Each to their own, that's great."
The 'Say You Won't Let Go' hitmaker has admitted he doesn't "feel the urge" to explore relationships with his own sex, but insists he can "appreciate a handsome man".
He added to The Sun's bizarre column: "What percentage do I have to be to appreciate a good-looking man? I definitely think a lot of guys are handsome. I don't feel the urge to act upon it but I can appreciate a handsome man for sure."
James' comments come after Rita - who recorded her new single alongside Charli XCX, Bebe Rexha, and Cardi B - received backlash from the LGBT community when it was claimed the lyrics to her song exploited bisexuality.
Recently, Charli XCX leapt to the singer's defence, insisting the song was written using a "valid" experience Rita had had with a female.
She said: "I know from when Rita invited me to be a part of the song, this song was about a specific experience that she had with a woman.
Founded in 2015, Zappfresh supplies cold-stored fresh meat like chicken, mutton and seafood to customers in Delhi and parts of the National Capital Region.
New Delhi: Online meat store Zappfresh on Monday said it raised Rs20 crore from Dabur India vice-chairman Amit Burman and SIDBI Venture Capital, the direct investment arm of government-owned Small Industries and Development Bank of India.
Mint had reported talks of a potential investment by Burman in September last year.
Founded in 2015, Zappfresh supplies cold-stored fresh meat like chicken, mutton and seafood to customers in Delhi and parts of the National Capital Region. It sources from verified meat vendors and manages deliveries from a facility in Gurugram using its own fleet.
“I see a great potential in the ‘e-market for meat' and Zappfresh has had an impressive growth story. The business model is innovative and the use of technology in the supply chain management has allowed for the possibility of a sustainable scale-up capability. I look forward to being part of this venture and its success,” Burman said in a statement.
Zappfresh, which claims to be profitable, pitches itself as a platform for high-quality standardized meat, a category of food that is typically bought in the offline market. The firm claims it offers technology to vendors and supply chain participants through which it is able to optimize farm-to-consumer time, quality and costs.
Its major competitor is Bengaluru-based Licious, which raised $10 million from Mayfield India and 3one4 Capital in September last year.
“The fresh meat industry is highly fragmented and digitization of the market can also improve the value chain operating system of this industry. Zappfresh's promise to offer a hassle-free meat buying experience of the highest quality is unique and has great potential,” said Sajit Kumar, a senior vice president at SIDBI Venture Capital.
The latest deal highlights the growing investor interest in the on-demand food segment which has picked up steam after millions of dollars were poured into start-ups like BigBasket and Grofers and a host of food brands including Veeba Food Services.
Zappfresh said it will use the proceeds from this round to expand its teams and increase capacity as it looks to bring the service to other cities.
“The company would use the funds to hire people in key departments and increase storage capacity. We are very excited to have Mr Burman and SIDBI Venture Capital on board believing in our business and supporting our expansion plans. This investment will aid our back-end support along with expansion in newer markets after having laid a strong foundation in Delhi-NCR,” said Deepanshu Manchanda, chief executive officer at Zappfresh.
Manchanda, who has earlier worked at digital wallet firm MobiKwik, and Shruti Gochhwal co-founded DSM Fresh Foods Pvt. Ltd, which operates Zappfresh.
LOS ANGELES — It isn't often a college football player expands on an answer to a simple question by actually providing potentially useful insight.
Perhaps USC wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster couldn't hide the excitement.
Asked last week if he thought the Trojans' tall wide receivers winning one-on-one battles with Penn State's shorter cornerbacks would be a key in today's playing of the 103rd Rose Bowl Game in Pasadena, Smith-Schuster agreed, before adding a caveat of his own.
“Trick plays, too,” he said.
Trick plays?
“They have a lot of them,” Smith-Schuster added. “I think you'll see them on both sides.”
Well then ...
Under offensive coordinator Joe Moorhead, Penn State's offense has certainly become adept at creating big plays through some forms of deception. The Nittany Lions rank in the top 10 in the nation in plays of more than 20, 40 and 80 yards, and quarterback Trace McSorley leads the nation in passing yards per completion, with 16.31.
But coach Clay Helton's Trojans aren't averse to finding creative ways to make big plays, either. Offensive coordinator Tee Martin's group has amassed 400 yards or more of total offense in each of its last nine games. When it comes to trick plays, though, it might turn to its defense for some help.
Cornerback Adoree' Jackson, who won the Jim Thorpe Award as the nation's top cornerback this season, has made an impact on offense at times as well for the Trojans.
Rally time
So much for this being a USC home game.
An estimated crowd of 15,000 Penn State fans flooded LA Live in front of the Staples Center on Sunday afternoon for Penn State's Rose Bowl pep rally, getting riled up by music from the Blue Band and some speeches.
Head coach James Franklin highlighted the event, praising the team's hard work and dedication, but saving most of his kind words for the fans who caused an even bigger logjam on the streets of Los Angeles than usual.
“You're unbelievable,” he said from the stage, looking out over the sea of Nittany Lions fans. “I've been saying this since the day we arrived, this is what makes Penn State special. Everyone talks about U.S. News & World Report. Everyone talks about Beaver Stadium. But the thing that really makes us special is our people, and that's you: Our fans, our alumni, our players. There is truly a sense of community, that we're all in this together. We've done this every step of the way together, and we're going to do it that way (today).”
Franklin then joked that he wanted to share part of the game plan with the fans, as long as they kept it secret from USC.
“This needs to stay just between us,” Franklin said, “but we're going to use the second-half game plan in the first half.”
The strong-finishing Nittany Lions, of course, have been questioned for their slow starts throughout the season.
Banner day
Zach Banner is going to be difficult to miss, but Penn State fans should watch the massive USC right tackle, anyway.
The largest player in college football, Banner is listed at 6-foot-9, 360 pounds, and he returned to USC for his senior season partly because he realized NFL scouts considered him, perhaps, too big when he played at 385 pounds, weight he just couldn't seem to shake after undergoing hip impingement surgery that cost him his true sophomore season.
Before that, Banner was a member of USC's basketball team as well as being a freshman star on the football squad, and he's so outgoing a force in the USC community that he won the team's community service award and was asked to emcee outgoing USC athletic director Pat Haden's retirement party.
With his weight decreasing, Banner is considered a top prospect for the 2017 NFL Draft, perhaps at guard.
“The Biggest advantage? I get to maul people if I know how to do it,” Banner said when asked about his size. “The Biggest disadvantage is I can't go out and eat with you after this. I've got to eat oatmeal and a protein shake and try to keep my weight down, or else I won't be able to maul people.”
Go figure
If Penn State's coaching staff had its way, freshman linebacker Cam Brown wouldn't have played a snap this season. And the only reason he wound up playing at all, he knows, is because all three starting linebackers missed significant spans of action due to injury, especially early in the season.
In a way, Penn State may be fortunate it had to make the call it did with Brown, a 6-foot-5, 215-pounder who has become a force on special teams.
“I love it,” Brown said of his role on punt and kick blocking teams. “To me, it's like (special teams coach Charles Huff) preaches all the time, it's the third part of the game.”
With long arms and a lanky frame, Brown looks more suited perhaps to get his hands and arms in the way of kicks than he does to play linebacker, which he also did well, making 19 tackles combined in his most significant action against Michigan and Minnesota. In high school, Brown said he blocked two field goals and a punt, and that's before he started to take special teams as seriously as he does now.
He came close to a block against Purdue, and he laments whiffing on a blocked punt against Michigan State in which he went untouched into the backfield untouched. But he didn't miss against Ohio State, when his fourth-quarter block of a Cameron Johnston punt set up a Penn State field goal that helped it claim the lead late in the upset win.
“It was like making a big tackle, for me,” Brown said of the block. “It didn't hit me personally, just in that it meant more for the team and the season and how it jump-started us.”
Sure, but does he ever think about what might have been had the coaching staff been able to redshirt him, if he had spent the year developing instead of contributing out of necessity? Obviously, he wouldn't have been on the field to block the punt if he had redshirted, perhaps changing the course of the season.
“I don't think about things like that,” Brown laughed. “I think about more what did happen, or will happen.”
Contact the writer:
dcollins@timesshamrock.com
@psubst on Twitter
OTTAWA — A Conservative MP stung by the sudden death of colleague Gord Brown is handing out pill case keychains on Parliament Hill, urging everyone he sees to carry a couple of potentially life-saving aspirin.
Rob Nicholson says that after Brown's fatal collapse earlier this month in his Parliament Hill office, he felt the need to do something — so Nicholson went online and ordered hundreds of the keychains to hand out on the Hill and in his Niagara Falls riding.
Nicholson wants to encourage others to follow suit, arguing that people are more likely to carry the keychains than a bottle of pills from their medicine cabinet.
Nicholson announced the initiative today alongside Brown's widow, Claudine Courtois.
He says the idea is to have aspirin on hand at all times, to be chewed when the symptoms strike — a measure that's known to buy heart attack victims precious minutes before help arrives.
Nicholson says he was at a conference a few years back when he heard about others carrying aspirin keychains, and was inspired to carry one himself.
He also says it would be an "excellent idea" for the House of Commons to install defibrillators, something he's heard from others over the years.
Following his news conference, Nicholson handed a keychain to Liberal MP Celina Caesar-Chavannes.
"Love it," she said, adding, "You always know where your keys are."
By The Canadian Press
FILE - In this March 4, 2015 file photo, Illinois Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner speaks at an event in Springfield, Ill. Heated debates over income taxes and abortion funding in the state Capitol Tuesday, May 29, 2018, belied what legislative leaders said was a collegial negotiation over the full budget which made lawmakers optimistic they could complete their work by Thursday's deadline. Seth Perlman, File AP Photo
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A family struck by a triple tragedy after three children died in a suspected arson attack had been living under threat before the devastating blaze, according to reports.
Five people were arrested in connection with the fire as police launched a murder investigation on Monday.
Manchester Evening News has now reported security had recently been stepped up at the mid-terrace property.
Schoolgirl Demi Pearson, 14, died in the fire along with her eight-year-old brother and seven-year-old sister, named locally as Brandon and Lacie.
A three-year-old girl was also left in a critical condition.
Mum-of-six Michelle Pearson remains in a serious condition and is unaware three of her six children are dead.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Two 16-year-old boys managed to escape the blaze at the house in Walkden, Manchester.
Sources confirmed the house had been "target hardened" to protect the family living there from attack.
Measures included the fitting of an increased security device on the letterbox.
Police confirmed that the force had "very recent physical contact" with the family within 24 hours of the devastating blaze.
It is understood police were called to the family home in response to an 'incident' at around 2am, around three hours before the fire took hold.
As well as the possibility a flammable liquid was poured through the home's letterbox, there have also been reports the perpetrator or perpetrators used scaffolding to launch the attack. There has been been no confirmation of this by Greater Manchester Police.
Chief Supt Wayne Miller confirmed at a press conference there had been "earlier incidents" at the address, but refused to elaborate further or confirm the nature of the call.
As a result of the prior police contact, GMP has voluntarily referred itself to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) in line with procedure.
The police chief said: "There have been earlier incidents at the address and consequently a referral to the IPCC has been made."
Asked whether the tragedy is being linked to organised crime, Chief Supt Miller said the force was "keeping an open mind" and did not comment further.
He added: "This is a fast moving live investigation and we have a major investigation team with scores of dedicated detectives working tirelessly."
(Image: ENTERPRISE NEWS AND PICTURES)
The devastated older brother of the three young children killed has spoken of the moment he tried desperately to save them.
Speaking about the horrific incident, Kyle said: "I fell asleep and the next thing I knew was I could hear my mum screaming, ‘Fire!'. There was lots of smoke so I climbed out of an upstairs window.
"I've gone to get back in but a cloud of smoke hit me in the face.
"I can't get my head around it. It's disgraceful.
"I tried to break the front door down and smashed a window, but I couldn't get in because of the flames and the smoke."
Why Pius IX Might Be The 'Most Important Pope' In Modern Church History Pius IX became head of the Catholic church in 1846 and instituted the doctrine of Papal infallibility. Pulitzer Prize-winning author David Kertzer says his exile led to the emergence of modern Italy.
An iconic bar and restaurant in Michigan has been destroyed by fire.
The fire happened Monday morning at The Corner Bar on North Main Street in Rockford.
Investigators told our CBS affiliates at WWMT the fire was fueled by gas, and firefighters spent more than two hours battling the blaze.
Luckily, no one was inside the building and there were no injuries.
The bar was built in 1873 and was the oldest brick building in the town of Rockford, according to its website. It was well-known for the Hot Dog Hall of Fame that boasted a wall of champions.
The restaurant thanked their friends, fans and family on Facebook:
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
South Korean stocks traded lower late Wednesday morning as institutions offloaded large-cap tech stocks in an apparent move to lock in profits, analysts said.
The benchmark Korea Composite Stock Price Index lost 13.27 points, or 0.56 percent, to 2,359.06 as of 11:20 a.m.
(Yonhap)
Most large caps traded mixed with tech shares bolstering the market.Market kingpin Samsung Electronics added 0.31 percent after opening higher. SK hynix, a major chipmaker, meanwhile, was up 1.35 percent.The local currency was trading at 1,123.7 won against the US dollar, down 0.2 won from the previous session's close. (Yonhap)
Bank credit growth could be on account of a pickup in demand due to low interest rates, or it may be a clawing back of market share from non-banking financial companies. Graphic: Naveen Kumar Saini/Mint
In the last one month or so, between 27 October and 24 November 2017, bank deposit growth has been negative, while bank credit growth is up Rs44,956 crore. In the three months between 25 August and 24 November 2017, bank deposits went up Rs2.5 trillion, while bank credit rose by Rs2.7 trillion. That's an incremental credit-deposit ratio of 108% over the last three months.
It's no wonder then that a couple of banks have increased the interest rate for bulk deposits.
Chart 1 shows that banks' overall credit-deposit ratio has been rising steadily. Demonetization resulted in a flood of deposits into banks while their lending operations suffered. As a result, their credit-deposit ratio went down. But as deposit growth fell and credit growth went up, the credit-deposit ratio too increased till it's now almost back to where it was before demonetization.
As on 24 November, while bank deposits increased 3.5% from a year ago, bank credit growth was up 9.6% year-on-year.
Bank credit growth could be on account of a pickup in demand due to low interest rates, or it may be a clawing back of market share from non-banking financial companies.
As lending has picked up, banks have sold off government securities and as on 24 November, the year-on-year increase in investments in government securities was just 3.9% (see chart 2). No wonder yields on government securities have gone up.
The Reserve Bank of India may want banks to lower interest rates, but with deposit growth contracting and lending picking up, there's no reason for them to lower their rates.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nice airport has been evacuated following reports 'of a bomb threat after a suspicious package was discovered'.
A section of Terminal 2 in the airport was evacuated for about an hour today, local reports say.
Reports say there was a forgotten piece of luggage left inside the terminal.
The owner of the bag later turned up.
But the incident caused chaos at the security gates, as well as delays to several flights.
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
I work for a multi-national company in India. Next month, I am likely to be moved to Dubai on a medium-term assignment that has been assigned to me by my company. Usually, I would be able to take advantage of DTAA to not pay tax in India. Since that country has no income tax, will I still have to pay income tax in India because my salary slip would be generated in India?
—Rajiv Srivastava
You should first find out your residential status in India for the financial year in question. You are considered resident in India, if you meet any one of the following conditions. You are in India for 182 days or more in the financial year. Or, you are in India for 60 days or more during the financial year and you have been in India for 365 days or more during 4 years immediately preceding the financial year.
If you are resident for the said financial year in India, your income earned anywhere in the world is taxable in India. However, if you are non-resident in India, only the income earned or received in India is taxable in India.
Since you say your pay slips are generated in India, I am assuming your salary is paid to you in India. If your salary is paid to you/is credited to you in India then it shall be taxable in India. If any tax is deducted in the country where you live, you can take benefit of DTAA. However, since there is no tax on income in Dubai, the tax on such income will have to be paid in India.
My uncle used to work for the United Nations (UN) in New York. However, he retired 4 years ago and now lives in India. His salary back then was obviously tax free. Now that he lives permanently in India, will his pension also be tax free or will it be taxable? If yes, can you please specify under what section of the income-tax Act this would be so?
—Biren Chandra
Pension received from the UN by its employees is exempt from tax. However, this exemption has not been specifically mentioned in the income-tax Act. Under the United Nations Privileges and Immunities Act, 1947, any salary or emoluments received by officials of UN are exempt from tax. These provisions have been brought into force in India and nothing to the contrary has been mentioned in the income-tax Act.
In the case of CIT v. K. Ramaiah [1980] 126 ITR 638 the Karnataka High Court held that since salary has been defined to include pension (as per section 17 of the income-tax Act), if salary is exempt from tax, pension will also be exempt. Therefore, salary or pension received by employees of the UN or any person covered under the UN (Privileges and Immunities), Act, 1947 will also be exempt from income tax.
Your uncle can enjoy tax free pension in India.
My son is about to join the merchant navy soon. As he would be away from the country and would be sailing for extended periods, but on Indian soil technically, will he qualify as a non-resident Indian (NRI) or a resident Indian for tax purposes? Kindly advice how to proceed on this.
—Devendar Sahni
A citizen of India who is a member of a crew of a foreign bound ship and is outside India for a period of 182 days or more in a year, is a non-resident. Therefore, when your son spends less than 182 days in India in a year, for that year he shall be considered a non-resident. While calculating this stay of 182 days, the entire period mentioned in the Continuous Discharge Document shall be excluded. Even though the ship may have been on Indian coastal waters in its journey, the numbers of days of stay in India for such person shall not include the days from the start date of the Continuous Discharge Certificate and ending on the end date of this document, as signed off on this document. Continuous Discharge Certificate must be as per the Merchant Shipping (Continuous Discharge Certificate-cum-Seafarer's Identity Document) Rules, 2001 made under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1958.
Salary of a non-resident seafarer for services outside India on a foreign ship will not be included in the total taxable income of the seafarer, even though such salary is credited in the NRE account of the seafarer with an Indian bank. (As per CBDT circular no. 13/2017 dated 11.04.2017).
Archit Gupta is founder and chief executive officer of ClearTax
Queries and views at mintmoney@livemint.com
Bafana Bafana will be dressed in a new kit when they resume their Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers against Libya in September.
SA's shirt sponsor Nike unveiled the new kit on Tuesday and they said the strip is filled "with strong vibrancy to reflect the fact that most of the national players are picked from the domestic league."
“In the past‚ South Africa's national side has been blessed with star players from European clubs.
"Today the squad is predominantly picked from the domestic league‚ a truth that fills it with a strong vibrancy and positions Bafana Bafana well for next year's African tournament‚” said a statement from Nike.
“With the national team's 2018 collection‚ the young squad has the kits to match its energy.
"The nation's emerging crop of players will wear a new collection highlighted by a dazzling yellow home kit embellished with a powerful green print on the sleeves.
"The away kit is a bold green with a cascading horizontal pattern.”
TheaterWorks, Hartford: Playwright Jacques Lamarre must have an appetite for memoirs featuring food. Several years ago his play “I Loved, I Lost, I Made Spaghetti” was his adaptation of a memoir of the same name and played the theater circuit for a good run. It featured a woman cooking a meal on stage and serving it to several audience members. Now he has adapted Chef Rossi's memoir, “Raging Skillet.” Rossi is the owner and executive chef of “The Raging Skillet,” a well known catering company that prides itself in unique and tasty offerings. This play is based on Rossi's book and also features a woman cooking on stage. The difference is the ethnicity of the cooks. In “Spaghetti,” the main character is Italian Catholic woman looking for a husband and in “Skillet,” the chef extraordinaire is a Jewish lesbian feminist.
There are two other characters in addition to the chef in the current production. The chef's dead Jewish mother comes back from the grave to witness her daughter's success and to criticize her daughter in a stereotypical Jewish mother guilt laying fashion. The chef's mom is also a hound for coupons and a lousy cook. The awful food was the motivation for her rebellious daughter to learn how to cook. Rossi's first big hit was a Snickers and Potato Chip Casserole.
Throughout the performance, the chef talks about some of the dishes she has made that led to her success. For instance, she describes her Snickers and Potato Chip Casserole, which she recreates on stage. “Once you mix, then scrape the goop into your buttered pan and smush till it's all in.” She demonstrates and when the batch is made, she has her sous-chef pass some samples around to the audience. The actress playing Rossi also creates mini tomato and mozzarella skewers and pulled and barbecued chicken on a Ritz cracker. These are passed around to some audience members.
As she narrates the horrible, but hilarious scenes from the story of her rise to fame, her mother keeps interrupting. Rossi talks back and seems rather cruel to her mother at times. Her hard edge gets softer at the end, when she flips through the pages of her mother's scrapbook and realizes what a special woman her mom really was.
The funniest parts of the show are when Rossi tells of her job as a day bartender; as an assistant to a chef where she had to dip 3,000 strawberries into chocolate, and finally as her own boss she caters an event celebrating the play “The Vagina Monologues.” Her vivid descriptions of her creations for this event could make a sailor blush.
By the way, large projections of chapter titles in Rossi's books flank the stage and a large display of her books are on the edge of the stage and for sale immediately after the play. Throughout the show, you'll hear loud pulsating rock music blasting through the theater. The music makes the show more exciting and emphasizes what a cool and rebellious young woman this chef was.
As for the language of the play, in every playbill, you will find “A Goy's Glossary” of Jewish terms. And, if you thought you knew all the swear words that could be uttered, see this play and you might learn some new ones. In other words, this is a warning. If you object to foul language cross this show off your list.
Directed by John Simpkins, the cast performs well. Dana Smith-Croll plays Rossi and is definitely a sassy “b..ch.” Marilyn Sokol plays the stereotypical Jewish mom, and George Salazar plays DJ Skillit – assistant and sous-chef.
The effective and functional set designer is Michael Schweikardt. Blair Gulledge designed costumes, with John Lasiter and Julian Evans designers of lighting and sound respectively.
Knowing the fun-loving and witty playwright, I can honestly say that this is not his best work.
The play runs through Aug. 27. Box office: 860-527-7838.
By The Associated Press
All Times Eastern Eastern Conference Atlantic Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Providence 24 16 6 2 0 34 72 59 Charlotte 25 16 8 0 1 33 93 72 WB/Scranton 23 14 7 1 1 30 81 69 Lehigh Valley 26 15 8 1 2 33 95 88 Bridgeport 24 12 10 1 1 26 75 70 Hershey 27 12 12 0 3 27 75 89 Hartford 27 10 12 3 2 25 74 96 Springfield 28 10 17 1 0 21 77 90 North Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Toronto 25 20 5 0 0 40 83 47 Rochester 25 14 5 3 3 34 85 75 Syracuse 25 13 9 1 2 29 82 73 Utica 24 10 10 3 1 24 68 77 Laval 27 10 11 4 2 26 82 97 Belleville 25 10 12 0 3 23 68 91 Binghamton 24 8 13 3 0 19 62 83 Western Conference Central Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Manitoba 26 18 5 1 2 39 99 57 Rockford 25 15 9 1 0 31 84 71 Iowa 24 11 8 5 0 27 75 77 Milwaukee 24 12 11 1 0 25 67 75 Cleveland 21 8 9 2 2 20 44 64 Grand Rapids 24 9 12 0 3 21 73 82 Chicago 24 7 12 4 1 19 64 76 Pacific Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Stockton 22 14 6 0 2 30 77 54 Tucson 20 12 5 2 1 27 68 55 Texas 26 16 9 0 1 33 80 86 San Antonio 25 13 10 2 0 28 81 79 Ontario 21 10 10 0 1 21 48 50 San Diego 22 10 11 1 0 21 69 80 San Jose 20 9 10 0 1 19 50 60 Bakersfield 23 9 11 3 0 21 61 70
NOTE: Two points are awarded for a win, one point for an overtime or shootout loss.
___
Saturday's Games
Chicago 3, Cleveland 0
Toronto 5, Laval 2
Milwaukee 4, Manitoba 3, SO
Hershey 4, Lehigh Valley 2
Syracuse 6, Belleville 0
Rockford 7, Grand Rapids 2
Springfield 4, Bridgeport 3
Charlotte 7, Binghamton 1
Providence 3, Utica 2, OT
Hartford 3, Rochester 2, SO
San Diego 4, Iowa 3, OT
San Antonio 5, Bakersfield 2
Texas 4, Ontario 2
Stockton 5, Tucson 2
Sunday's Games
Rochester 4, Bridgeport 1
Manitoba 6, Milwaukee 1
Providence 4, Utica 3, OT
Ontario 3, San Antonio 2, OT
WB/Scranton 4, Hershey 1
Hartford 5, Springfield 3
Grand Rapids at Iowa, 6 p.m.
Monday's Games
No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Lehigh Valley at Charlotte, 7 p.m.
Chicago at Rockford, 8 p.m.
San Jose at Tucson, 9:05 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Miami Rescue Mission recently honored the Miami Job Corps Center as “Volunteer Group of the Month” for November 2016. Students and staff from Miami Job Corps Center served in the kitchen in the Center for Men. Accepting the award were caring Job Corps students together with Gary Leak, student personnel officer at Miami Job Corps Center.
Connect To Your Customers & Grow Your Business Click Here
Brazil's coach Tite shouts instructions to his players during the Russia 2018 World Cup round of 16 football match between Brazil and Mexico at the Samara Arena in Samara on 2 July 2018. Photo: AFP
On 17th June, five-times world champions Brazil endured a false start to their World Cup campaign with a 1-1 draw against Switzerland. The Brazilians last failed to win their opening match at the World Cup in 1978. In Rostov-on-Don, Brazil were clueless; porous at the back, disjointed in midfield and without punch up front. They didn't play the usual slick and compact game that coach Tite has cultivated.
After their 7-1 semi-final drubbing at Belo Horizonte by Germany in 2014, Brazil were dethroned as spiritual owners of the game. The Germans were at the pinnacle of the modern game; Brazil's football, at best, was anachronistic. The Seleção exited the World Cup with an embarrassing 3-0 defeat in the third place play-off against the Netherlands.
Brazil had shipped 10 goals in 180 minutes, but, inexplicably, the Brazilian FA, the CBF, did not seem flustered. They named Carlos Dunga as new coach. The appointment mirrored a footballing culture in denial. At club level, the unrelenting demands from fans, media and the match calendar prevented coaches from developing and enriching their knowledge. Dunga was fired two years later after the team's poor performance at the Copa America Centenario.
Tite, who succeeded Dunga as the national coach in 2016, had long sensed Brazilian football was isolated. By 2013, he had won the Brazilian league title, the Copa Libertadores and the club World Cup with Corinthians. He decided to take a sabbatical and went to Europe, to study the modern game and visited many clubs, including Carlo Ancelotti's Real Madrid.
In 2015 he returned to Brazil's top flight with Corinthians. They had the best defence and the best attack, but, above all, in a compact 4-1-4-1 formation they played beautiful football, valuing the process of play. The result was no longer the highest good. Tite calls it ‘Merecer vencer (Deserve to win)'. His capacity to learn makes him unique in the Brazilian coaching carrousel.
At this World Cup, he may well be Brazil's secret weapon. Tite has brought balance, compactness and modern ideas to the Seleção. Those characteristics were non-existent against Switzerland. Against Costa Rica, Tite will get a second crack at delivering his vision: a good result from a good performance. That's what Brazilian football has ultimately always been about.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Home affordability across the UK biggest cities has hit its lowest level since 2007, according to a new report.
A Lloyd's Affordable Cities review found average house prices in Britain's most cosmopolitan areas have leaped by 36% in the past five years - pushing the average home from £171,745 in 2012 to £232,945 in 2017.
In comparison, average city annual earnings over the same period have risen by just 9% to £33,420.
As a result, affordability in UK cities is, on average, at its worst level since 2007, when the ratio of average house price to earnings stood at 7.5.
The least affordable city is Oxford, where average house prices - £429,775 - are over 11 times (11.5) annual average earnings.
Truro and Exeter are new entrants into the 10 least affordable cities list, both with an affordability ratio of 9.3 with house prices of £259,705 and £274,093 respectively.
Leicester (8.1) and York (8.0) are the only cities outside southern England appearing in the top 20 least affordable UK cities.
(Image: Getty)
There are six cities with average house prices that cost at least ten times average annual earnings.
In addition to Oxford (11.5), these are Cambridge (10.5), Greater London, Brighton and Hove (both 10.2), Bath (10.1) and Winchester (10.0).
The London average figure disguises considerable variations across the capital with central boroughs significantly less affordable than the Greater London average.
Andy Mason, Lloyds Bank mortgage products director, said: “City living suits the lifestyles of many people looking for shorter commutes with much of what they need on their doorstep, but buying a city property is the least affordable it's been for a decade.
“There is also a clear North-South divide with only one Southern location appearing in the top 20 most affordable cities and only one Northern location appearing in the top 20 least affordable.”
Top 20 most affordable UK cities Source: Lloyds
Stirling is the UK's most affordable city for the fifth consecutive year.
At £186,084, the average property price in the Scottish city is 4.0 times average gross annual earnings, although this figure has increased by 5% in the past twelve months.
Londonderry in Northern Ireland remains the UK's second most affordable city.
(Image: Getty)
In England alone, Bradford has been named as the most affordable while Swansea is the Welsh equivalent.
Lancaster and Dundee are the only two new entrants to the top 10 most affordable cities, sitting in fourth and ninth place, respectively and all of the top 10 are located outside of the south of England.
Where house price growth is highest
Cambridge has shifted from fifth position in 2016 to record the biggest price rise of any UK city over the past decade, with a gain of 47% from £288,403 in 2007 to £422,589 in 2017.
That's compared to the average UK rise of 12%.
St Albans is now second, with a rise of 44% followed by Brighton & Hove, Greater London, Cardiff and Canterbury.
(Image: Getty)
Nine of the ten top performers since 2007 are in southern England with the exception being Cardiff in Wales.
Over the past five years, London has recorded the highest house price growth with a rise of 61% from £298,940 in 2012 to £480,800 in 2017.
Coventry has the second highest increase in average house price(55%), closely followed by Cambridge, Ely and Lisburn.
One woman, who said she knew the man well, told reporters he was distressed about a recent breakup. Another acquaintance said the man was recently restricted from the Bridges homeless shelter, located blocks away.
At several points during negotiations, the man, wearing a black winter coat with fur trim and camouflaged pants, could be seen curled up in the chimney, smoking a cigarette, flipping through pages of a book or sifting through his backpack.
About five hours into the negotiations, the man became visibly agitated, removing his coat and climbing down from the vent. Jumping down to a lower-level flat-topped section of the roof, he began to pace around the roof, surveying its edges and looking down at police positioned on the ground around the restaurant.
A short time later, he climbed to the peak again, and with negotiators watching in trepidation, swung over the peak to slide down the opposite side, hanging only by his fingertips for a moment.
"We think he was looking for a way to escape," said Goodman, "but there was no safe way to go."
After becoming pinned in by an adjoining wall, the man climbed back to the peak, making his way to the vent, lying across it for a short time.
In a sudden move that sparked gasps from the street, the man was on his feet, balancing unsecured on the peak, motioning to police. He walked quickly toward negotiators, and calmly surrendered.
A few minutes later, the man could be seen sitting at a table with police, eating and looking down at the intersection below.
The man was taken to Cambridge Memorial Hospital for a mental health assessment, and charges are pending.
Throughout the morning, Cambridge Mill general manager Alex Kastner was outside the restaurant, offering assistance to investigators, while trying to co-ordinate lunch service cancellations.
He said the company is grateful to emergency services for their response and for ensuring a safe conclusion.
"The ending to what happened was obviously the preferred one to some of the alternatives, and we hope that he gets the help he needs," Kastner said.
MINNEAPOLIS — Here's how lucky Chelsea and Courey Marshall are: They are going to Sunday's Super Bowl after spending the previous night in a luxury suite at U.S. Bank Stadium.
Courey Marshall, a graduate of the Naval Academy who spent five years in the service, and his wife, who works for a chiropractic practice, are Broncos fans from San Diego. So this isn't their first trip to the big game. In 2016, they were at Levi's Stadium to see Denver beat Carolina for the NFL championship.
Sure, their team and favourite player, now-retired Peyton Manning , are not on hand this year. And the couple had no plans to be in Minnesota in February.
Then Courey was notified — by Manning, of all people — that he'd won the Courtyard by Marriott Super Bowl contest. The prizes include two tickets to Eagles-Patriots, and also the opportunity to stay in the converted stadium suite on Saturday night.
"I've never been in a completely empty stadium, let alone the Super Bowl stadium," he said. "And to have my wife with me, and to wake up on game day in the stadium, that's pretty special."
Added Chelsea: "I can't imagine what it's like to wake up in the Super Bowl stadium with no fans there."
They're about to find out.
The suite is on field level next to where the Patriots would run out of the tunnel before the game. It will be converted from the sleepover suite back to its original state well before kickoff, and the Marshalls will have prime seats near midfield.
Eli Manning was on hand this week to show off a replica of the suite and an omnitheatre presentation that replicated the experience.
"You're right there in the dome and get to see all the behind-the-scenes stuff," he said. "Then you wake up on Super Bowl Sunday right there. Has to be a wonderful experience."
Brendan Sinclair Senior Editor Friday 6th October 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Epic Games
Ben Lewis-Evans used to work in road safety. He's now a UX researcher with Epic Games, but finds his previous career informing his current one in a variety of ways. Speaking at the Game UX Summit in Toronto this week, Lewis-Evans described the road safety concept of "The Three Es" for the game developers in attendance.
Each of the three Es is a different tactic to help increase road safety--Education, Enforcement, and Engineering--each of which Lewis-Evans said could be applied to game development to help address unwanted and anti-social behavior from players.
Each tactic has its own benefits and drawbacks, Lewis-Evans said. In road safety, education might consist of traffic signs warning people not to drink and drive or ad campaigns against distracted driving. For games, it may be terms of service players agree to when they install a game, or a code of conduct posted on its official website. Education is relatively easy and inexpensive, he said, but it's also the least effective on its own.
"The community will generally react well to education efforts initially, but if they're not backed up by something else, that can turn," Lewis-Evans said.
"Even though we like to believe that it does, awareness of knowledge does not usually result in behavior change just by itself"
There are some ways to maximize education efforts. For example, keep it close to the activity you're trying to improve. A code of conduct policy on a website might not be remembered by players once they boot up a game, but reminding them of proper etiquette and behavior on loading screens just before gameplay can make a bigger difference.
"Even though we like to believe that it does, awareness of knowledge does not usually result in behavior change just by itself," Lewis-Evans said.
Enforcement is one common solution suggested as a correction for bad behavior, but the goal is not to punish people; it's to deter them from behaving poorly in the first place. Whether dealing with traffic safety or trolls, there are three major components to effectively deterring people with enforcement, Lewis-Evans said.
The most important component is certainty. People have to know that if they violate the rules, they will be caught every time. After that is swiftness of punishment. People need quick feedback when they break the rules, or they're more likely to ignore them. The third, and least important component for Lewis-Evans, is severity. Having draconian punishments that may or may not ever be invoked isn't necessarily a better deterrent than a quick, minor punishment administered instantly whenever people break the rules.
This sort of deterrents can take several forms in games. Lewis-Evans said it's important that offenders get detailed feedback about why they've been punished. Instead of just telling them they've been dinged for poor behavior, it might be better to say they've had six complaints levied against them during three different matches, and from four different parties. It might also be helpful to explain to them how that's not normal, telling them perhaps what small percentage of other players have received this many reports in that short a span of time.
It's also important that the people who report bad behavior in-game are rewarded for their efforts, with Lewis-Evans suggesting an automated thank you to notify them that their report had been reviewed and acted upon. If developers want to continue having people participate in such reporting systems, it's important they know that their efforts to report other players are working.
"Even if there's a small amount of toxicity in a big, general channel, that can become the norm"
Like education, enforcement also has its downsides. If developers are relying on player reports, that hurts the certainty and swiftness of their response. There's also concern about false positives, or as Lewis-Evans cautioned, the perception of false positives. People will of course claim that accusations against them are false, and that can become a big issue in the community. It's also harder to draw lines around certain bad behaviors. For example, if a player keeps dying to the enemy in a MOBA, are they just not very good, having a bad game, or intentionally "feeding" the enemy to sabotage their own team's chances?
Punishment can only teach what not to do, Lewis-Evans said, and it also tends to focus on repeat offenders, even though in his experience, most offenders are just one-off problems where someone has had a particularly bad day. Lewis-Evans touched upon a less-used fourth "E"--encouragement--as another way to promote good behavior, pointing to League of Legends' honor system or DOTA's highlighting of players with very small number of negative reports as examples.
Finally, Lewis-Evans discussed what he sees as the most effective solution to these problems: engineering. On the road, you can try signs advising people to drive safely or high fines for speeding tickets, but neither can prevent head-on collisions the way a physical divider between lanes of traffic can. Fortunately, there are plenty of ways to handle this in games.
Lewis-Evans started with communication systems, noting that Epic doesn't have built-in voice chat in any of its games. After surveying players, they found that people value voice chat to speak with friends and family very strongly. There was some value seen in communicating with strangers and teammates, and little value in talking to opponents. But when it comes to using voice chat, most people talked to friends and family, and even though few saw values in chatting with opponents, even fewer actually used it for that.
Even trivial decisions can have an impact, he said. For example, League of Legends used to have global chat on by default. When they changed that to a feature players had to opt-into, they found it reduced negative behavior, even though the overall volume of chat was more or less unchanged.
"In a lot of team games such as MOBAs or first-person shooters with defend-the-flag modes or whatever, we glorify getting kills, and then we hardly reward at all defending, or playing a defensive role, or supporting others"
"That's really important because even if there's a small amount of toxicity in a big, general channel, that can become the norm," Lewis-Evans said. "That can become, 'This is OK, we don't see people being punished for it.' And this kind of behavior goes around."
Online games that are winner-take-all can also be a problem. If there's no reward for losing a match, people will abandon the game as soon as the tide turns against them. Developers can discourage that by giving people small rewards for losing and having them build up over time, giving them incentive to gut out a tough loss.
Matchmaking is another place where developers can engineer against toxicity. In team games where it's important that each team have a well-balanced roster of players, developers can either give players prompts to tell them what their team needs, or better still, let them pick what role they want before the matchmaking process, and then arrange players onto teams that are naturally well-balanced.
More core gameplay elements can also be tweaked to promote cooperation. For example, when a player in Destiny uses their super ability, they spawn a bunch of little orbs that can be picked up by other players to help boost their own supers.
"Even if you're the most selfish player in the world who never wants to help anybody else, as long as you're using your super, you're helping other people. And they know you're helping them. They're aware of why you're helping them. These systems are built into the game to encourage positive team play."
Just as engineering can foster positive behavior, so too can it unwittingly encourage the sort of toxic behavior developers are trying to stamp out.
"In a lot of team games such as MOBAs or first-person shooters with defend-the-flag modes or whatever, we glorify getting kills, and then we hardly reward at all defending, or playing a defensive role, or supporting others," Lewis-Evans said. "It's all about the kill-death ratio."
Ultimately, Lewis-Evans said his goal is simply having everybody be nice to each other online.
"Maybe this never happens, but I do think it's a goal that's worth working towards."
The allegedly state-backed hacking group has been implicated in an information-stealing campaign targeting guests at hotels in Europe and the Middle East
APT28, the Russian-linked hacking group also known as Fancy Bear, has been implicated in a scheme to steal information from travellers using hotels' Wi-Fi connections.
Researchers said the group, best known for allegedly hacking the Democratic National Congress (DNC) during last year's US presidential election campaign, used the notorious EternalBlue exploit to help spread its Wi-Fi malware.
NSA exploit
EternalBlue is amongst the exploits believed to have been developed by the US National Security Agency (NSA) for surveillance purposes and was leaked by the Shadow Brokers hacker group in April. In May it was used to spread the WannaCry ransomware and the following month the NotPetya malware.
The exploit allows malware to spread by exploiting flaws found in older versions of Windows, specifically Windows' implementaiton of the Server Message Block (SMB) protocol.
Since at least July of this year APT28 is believed to have targeted companies in the hotel sector across Europe and the Middle East with targeted malicious emails that include an infected Microsoft Word document, security firm FireEye said.
When a malicious macro found in the document is successfully run it installs malware called Gamefish, which FireEye described as APT28's “signature” code. The document was found in emails sent to hotels in at least seven European countries and one Middle Eastern country in early July, FireEye said.
APT28 then uses a version of EternalBlue to spread Gamefish across the target company's network.
“This is the first time we have seen APT28 incorporate this exploit into their intrusions,” FireEye said in an advisory. “APT28's already wide-ranging capabilities and tactics are continuing to grow and refine as the group expands its infection vectors.”
Password theft
The campaign involves deploying an open source tool called Responder, which facilitates an attack that tricks a user's computer into sending usernames and hashed passwords to the attacker. The hashed passwords can then be decoded and used to access the user's systems.
In a separate incident last autumn FireEye said APT28 gained access to a user's systems with credentials likely to have been stolen using Responder via a hotel's Wi-Fi network. In that attack, APT28 logged into the system 12 hours after the user accessed the hotel Wi-Fi network, possibly using the intervening time to crack a hashed password offline.
In the autumn 2016 attack APT28 deployed tools on the user's machine, spread malware across the network and accessed the user's Outlook Web Access (OWA) account, FireEye said.
The firm noted that other groups, such as the South Korea-based Fallout Team, otherwise known as DarkHotel, are also targeting travellers in hotels. But it said the incidents are unrelated, being carried out by two separate groups, each apparently representing the interests of their own country's governments.
FireEye recommended travellers take extra security precautions when in foreign countries and avoid publicly accessible Wi-Fi networks when possible.
What do you know about the history of mobile messaging? Find out with our quiz!
The educational system in the U.S., from elementary school to college, is undeniably shaped by systemic racism and discrimination. The history of U.S. slavery, the Civil Rights Movement, and experiences of Black Americans are glossed over (or flat-out erased) in the majority of school textbooks and high school classrooms. In particular, black female leaders and their groundbreaking, historical moments have been largely cut from the pages of our history books. Luckily, an upcoming comic book is hoping to change that: The graphic novel Wake: The Hidden History of Women-led Slave Revolts is unearthing the forgotten history of women who led slaves revolts in 18th Century British America.
Rather than simply writing a textbook about women-led slave revolts, Dr. Rebecca Hall — the scholar, activist, and educator behind Wake — opted to create a graphic novel with a futuristic twist. With the help of artist and illustrator Hugo Martinez, Wake blends the history of lost slave revolts with the present day. "Wake is the story of a historian, me, looking to find and recover the stories of African American women who participated in, and led slave revolts," Dr. Hall tells Bustle. "The funny thing is, the story of the process of uncovering this history ends up becoming as important as the stories themselves. This is where the concept and name Wake came from: It's so much about how we live in the 'wake' of slavery, the afterlife of slavery, and the impact of that."
The history of women-led slave revolts was not easy to find. In fact, Dr. Hall spent four years uncovering the history of these revolts for her PhD dissertation as a full-time job — which served as the preliminary archival research and basis for Wake. Specifically, Dr. Hall focused on finding revolts that happened during the 1700s in Colonial New York. "I went through archives in New York City, and also in England to uncover these stories [of women-led slave revolts]. I went through all kinds of bizarre records — insurance policies that insured slave ships, legal cases, slave ship captains' logs, surgeon logs, legislation related to regulating the slave trade," she says. "Slavery was a legal business, so through the records of the Queen Anne's Privy Council, I was able to piece these stories together."
However, Dr. Hall says that much of the time, unearthing the history of the women-led slave revolts was a matter of reading between the lines of the information she did have. "There would be a slave ship captain saying something like, 'We had another revolt on the ship today, and no idea how that happened because we checked, and the men's chains were secure,'" she says. "Then, I'd learn that when this slave ship was loading, the women were kept aboard on deck next to the weapons — unchained. At times, it was like looking for a needle in many haystacks. But, there were also plenty of examples of women leading revolts."
Though it would be easy to simply cite misogynoir as the reason why these slave revolts led by African American women have been left out of mainstream history, Dr. Hall says that it's more complicated and surreptitious than that. "After slavery, the histories that were written about slavery were written by ex-slave owners, who were the dominant force at the time. They portrayed slavery as this benign institution where slaves were happy, and where there was, of course, no resistance," she says. Following World War II, historians began to shift their views on U.S. slavery, and compare it to concentration camps, but still did not acknowledge that African Americans kept as slaves led hundreds of revolts.
Even when Black men began to write about slave revolts in the 1970s, Dr. Hall says they still erased the women. "At the time, there was this whole anti-female backlash that was happening because the dominant narrative during this time was that black people were poor not because of institutionalized racism, but because our gender roles are dysfunctional," Dr. Hall says. "The 'matriarchal Black woman' who emasculates the Black man was the mainstream narrative. And, because of that, the historians who were covering slave revolts were making it very clear that women didn't participate in slave revolts because they would never 'undermine' their man that way."
Now that she's uncovered this history and is transforming it into a stunning graphic novel, Dr. Hall hopes that Wake will change the way that schools teach U.S. slavery, and that the book will impact everyone who reads it — especially young Black women. "My dream would be that Wake could be a book picked up by curriculums for eleventh grade U.S. History. I want students to understand history is important and complex. It's about crucial issues, not just about memorizing dates," she says. "I also feel like Wake will be a crucial read for Black women. This a really rough time, and I want them to understand that it's not hopeless, and that resistance is part of our legacy — resistance is what can help us survive."
The Kickstarter for Wake has already surpassed its funding goal, you can still pledge to the project through May 5. The extra donations will be used to take the graphic novel to upcoming events and cons like WakandaCon. Though there is no set release date for Wake, you can still follow along with Dr. Hall and Martinez on social media as they create it.
Dhaka: Bangladesh on Wednesday recalled medium pacer Abul Hasan to replace the injured Mustafizur Rahman for next month's Twenty20 series against Afghanistan in India.
Mustafizur was ruled out after sustaining a toe injury during an Indian Premier League match for Mumbai Indians on May 20.
Afghanistan will host Bangladesh for the first-ever T20 series between the countries in the Indian city of Dehradun from June 3 to 7.
A week later Afghanistan will play their inaugural Test, against India in Bangalore from June 14.
Selectors delayed announcing Mustafizur's replacement until learning more about the newly-laid pitch at Dehradun's Rajeev Gandhi International Stadium.
"It was a new ground so we wanted feedback from the team," said chief selector Minhajul Abedin.
"They reached Dehradun yesterday and found the pitch a bit grassy, so we decided to send a pace bowler. Otherwise we would have sent a spinner." Abul's last four Twenty20 internationals were against Pakistan in 2012.
Afghanistan are ranked eighth on the Twenty20 international ranking, two places ahead of Bangladesh.
The devastating aftermath of the Maryland helicop
Woman launches into a catfight after she spots he
Robert Lewandowski fit and raring to go against R
Wes Morgan back in Leicester training ahead of At
Steward gives not so thorough searches at Tottenh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp is the shock name on Birmingham City's shortlist to replace Gianfranco Zola.
The former West Ham and Portsmouth boss is one of the out-of-work bosses whose details are being considered by the club's Chinese owners.
The Second City club was plunged into turmoil yesterday when, after a 0-2 home defeat to fellow relegation-strugglers Burton Albion, Zola resigned.
The defeat left them just three points above the dropzone in the Championship with three matches left to play.
It brought the reign of the former Chelsea star to an end after just four-months in charge – with Brum winning just two of the 24 matches over which he presided.
(Photo: PA Wire.)
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
Zola handed in his notice and a selection of candidates were hurriedly forwarded to the club's Hong Kong owners.
They have been given several names to take over for the final few matches – but Redknapp is at the forefront.
Manchester City's Under-18s boss Lee Carsley, a former player whose brother Paul is a die-hard Blues' supporter, is another under consideration.
Also on the list is Nigel Pearson who has been out-of-work since being sacked by Derby County earlier this season.
But it is Redknapp who is uppermost in the thoughts of those recommending him to Birmingham's board.
(Photo: Harry Trump)
He has not worked as a manager since leaving the Jordanian national side but was a consultant at Derby County until the end of last season.
He has tasted success twice in the Championship, earning promotion with both QPR and Portsmouth, although his initial brief would be survival.
If chosen, Redknapp would have an interesting first outing as Birmingham's boss – next weekend's Second City derby at Villa Park.
What would add further fuel to the occasion is that Redknapp has a frosty relationship with Villa's fans. A coin directed at him hit a linesman during a visit with Portsmouth nine years ago.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Keen to keep things 'diverse', TV bosses often throw an upper-crust person into the Celebrity Big Brother house.
This year, that's the role of Sam Thompson - who's sheer presence alone is likely to teach Dawn Ward the difference between being rich and actually being posh.
But who exactly is he? And why does he deserve our attention in the Channel 5 show? Here's everything you need to know...
Who is Sam Thompson?
(Image: Channel 4)
Sam, 25, was born and bred in leafy West London. He lived there with his well-to-do family before being sent to school at the £28,000-a-year Bradfield College in Berkshire, aged 12.
Despite never having a proper job (except for briefly being a PA for friend Jamie Laing), he's since amassed an estimated worth of £850,000.
Nobody's quite sure how this happened, but most people assume it's mostly a trust fund from mummy and daddy, darling.
Why is he famous?
(Image: Channel 4)
Sam is no stranger to reality TV. In fact, after joining the cast of Made In Chelsea in 2013, he's practically a veteran.
His cheeky charm and good looks have also helped earn his a substantial following on social media, where he has upwards of 400,000 Instagram followers and more than 120,000 Twitter fans.
Not that he's the only family member to be in showbiz, of course. His sister, Louise Thompson , is also a star on Made In Chelsea.
Has he ever been controversial?
(Image: Channel 4)
CBB contestants 2017
Sort of, yes - but in a really annoying, ostentatious way.
He once spent £24,000 on a bar tab after ordering five bottles of Dom Perignon and 10 magnums of Grey Goose during a boozy night out. Unfortunately, it was in Watford, which makes it slightly less 'impressive'.
He was also accused of cheating on then-girlfriend Tiffany Watson, who co-starred with him on MIC.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Could Probiotics Protect Kids From A Downside Of Antibiotics?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rob Stein/NPR Rob Stein/NPR
It's a typical hectic morning at Michele Comisky's house in Vienna, Va., when she gets a knock on her front door.
"Hi, how are you?" Comisky says as she greets Keisha Herbin Smith, a research assistant at Georgetown University. "Come on in."
Comisky, 39, leads Herbin Smith into her kitchen.
"Which one isn't feeling good?" asks Herbin Smith, glancing at Comisky's children. "That one," Comisky says, pointing to her 8-year-old son, Jackson.
Jackson has an ear infection. So he just started 10 days of antibiotics to kill the strain of bacteria that's giving him an earache. That's why Herbin Smith's here.
"What time did he take his antibiotic?" Herbin Smith asks.
She asks because the antibiotics won't just wipe out the bad bacteria. They could also disrupt the good bacteria in Jackson's body, which can lead to stomach problems, including severe diarrhea.
Herbin Smith had rushed to Comisky's house to deliver a special yogurt drink that scientists are testing in hopes of preventing those serious problems.
"We want him to take the first yogurt within 24 hours of taking his first antibiotic," she says.
The yogurt contains a probiotic — a living strain of bacteria that researchers think could help prevent diarrhea and other complications of the antibiotic.
Some previous research has hinted that probiotics could help, and some doctors already are recommending probiotics to parents of children taking antibiotics.
But researchers hope the new yogurt study will provide clearer evidence as to whether that's a good idea. It's the first large, carefully designed test of a probiotic to get reviewed by the Food and Drug Administration, says Dr. Daniel Merenstein, who is leading the study. He's the director of research programs in the department of family medicine at Georgetown University.
"The problem with a lot of probiotic research is that they haven't always been the best of studies," Merenstein says. "Many are done by industry. Many were done in other countries. We're looking to see if it actually prevents diarrhea in kids."
Merenstein's study is part of an explosion of interest in research on the microbiome — the billions of friendly bacteria, yeast and other microorganisms that live in the human body. There's mounting evidence these microbes play important roles in human health.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rob Stein/NPR Rob Stein/NPR
In addition to helping prevent diarrhea in children taking antibiotics, there is some evidence that probiotics could help prevent complications from antibiotics in adults as well, and might help prevent gastrointestinal infections that sometimes occur when people travel to other countries. Other people have suggested probiotics might help treat vaginal infections in women, or possibly alleviate colic in infants or perhaps prevent eczema in some babies. Probiotics are also being looked at as a possibility to prevent a serious condition in newborn babies — necrotizing enterocolitis.
Some researchers even argue there's enough evidence to recommend that healthy adults take a probiotic regularly to help maintain their health.
"I think there's a generic benefit in ingesting high numbers of safe, live bacteria every day," says Colin Hill, a professor of microbiology at University College Cork in Ireland. "If I had my way, there would be a recommended daily allowance of bacteria."
But many scientists question whether there's enough evidence to support that suggestion or the many claims some companies are making about the alleged benefits probiotics. Some products are being promoted to help prevent obesity, heart disease and even alleviate mental health conditions such as anxiety and depression.
NPR/ YouTube
"The marketing of every claim under the sun with every product under the sun is definitely questionable," says Linda Duffy, a program director at the National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health. "There's not much in the way a magic bullet anywhere."
The net benefit of probiotic use with certain conditions "is looking very, very promising," she says. But there are still a lot of unanswered questions.
While probiotics are probably safe for most otherwise healthy people, Duffy and others note that the products could pose some risk for people with weakened immune systems, such as those infected with the AIDS virus or for people undergoing cancer chemotherapy.
Another caution is that probiotics are not regulated as closely as prescription and over-the-counter medications. So there's no guarantee that what's on the label is actually in the bottle — or that whatever organisms were originally in the bottle are still alive. There are also concerns about potentially dangerous contaminants in products that could pose a risk even to healthy people.
"Are there contaminants out there? Are there adulterated products? Are there marketed products without the appropriate claims? Absolutely," Duffy says. "Like anything, you have to be a wise consumer."
For his part, Merenstein hopes his study will provide strong new evidence that probiotics provide benefits for children taking antibiotics.
In the study, 300 children will drink specially made strawberry yogurt. Half will drink yogurt that contains a probiotic called bifidobacterium. The researchers will then compare the incidence of diarrhea and other gastrointestinal problems in the two groups of kids.
In addition, the researchers are gathering fecal samples from the children to try to determine exactly how probiotics might work.
"One of our goals is to show that taking a probiotic will get your microbiome back to what it was before you started the antibiotic — and/or protect you from the changes," Merenstein says.
So, back at Comisky's house, Jackson takes his first gulp of Merenstein's special yogurt.
"All right, here you go — you can drink it right out of here," Comisky says as she takes a bottle out of the refrigerator, opens the cap and hands it to her son.
"Is it good?" she asks.
"Yeah," says Jackson, as he gulps down the yogurt and declares: "Done!"
It will take years for Merenstein's team to gather and analyze the results of the study. So it will be a while before they can say for sure whether this particular probiotic treatment works or not.
President Trump endorsed Rep. Dan Donovan, R-N.Y., Wednesday, citing one of the reasons as Donovan's vote on the tax cut bill signed by Trump at the end of last year. The problem: Donovan didn't vote for the tax cut.
"There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan, who is strong on Borders & Crime, loves our Military & our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again," Trump tweeted. "Dan has my full endorsement!"
In December, Donovan said that he "wanted nothing more than to vote for a tax plan that would put more money in the pockets of overburdened taxpayers and spur job creation." But with the elimination of various deductions, Donovan said the bill would end up raising taxes on his constituents.
"With the state and local tax deduction nearly eliminated, this tax bill doesn't equal relief for far too many New Yorkers," Donovan said in a statement announcing his intention to vote against the bill. "My responsibility and allegiance is to the people who sent me here, and I will not support a tax hike on the people I represent."
There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan, who is strong on Borders & Crime, loves our Military & our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
The incumbent Donovan is locked in a primary battle against former Republican Rep. Michael Grimm. Grimm has tried to paint Donovan as not being a strong enough backer of the president's agenda.
Despite Donovan's vote against his tax bill, Trump fears Grimm, who pleaded guilty to federal tax charges in 2014, would lose in the general election. Citing Roy Moore's loss in Alabama, Trump said, "We can't take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat!"
Very importantly, @RepDanDonovan will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We can't take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 31, 2018
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Ah, the Brits. Cups of tea. Stiff upper lips. Crumpets with jam. Undead zombie hordes. We have it all.
UK studio Rebellion's latest title, Strange Brigade, is a 1930s-style adventure which throws you into an adventure in forgotten civilisations. Track down treasure, decimate hordes of mythological menaces, laugh at the sheer insanity as dozens of undead nasties are taken out by triggering traps. It's quite the detour from the studio's Sniper Elite series, for which it is best known.
What makes Strange Brigade particularly special is the way in which it's delivered: with British panache. The narrator sounds so spiffingly English, like a classic 1930s announcer, that it transports you into this other world with a nod and a wink; it's not the ultra-serious shoot 'em up that are becoming ten a penny in the games industry these days.
The game features four characters, each with differing abilities to suit different play styles or tactical co-operative play: there's Professor Archimedes De Quincy, an archaeologist and Oxford scholar, whose special weapon in a Kingsley Special; Frank Fairburne, described as "the man with the coldest eyes in the Empire", a marksman whose special weapon is a Huntsman rifle; Gracie Braithwaite, a Northern lass from the textile towns of Lancashire, whose special weapon in a Double-Barrel shotgun; and Natangu Rushia, a female Massai warrior from Kenya, whose special weapon in a Chamberlain Automatic.
We weren't totally sure what to expect from Strange Brigade, but the game gives no time to overthink things. Scores of undead enemies raise from the ground, leaving you to shoot, shoot, run and shoot some more. It's a hectic third-person shooter, with additional traps, puzzles and detours from it being just non-stop shooting mayhem.
Far from a single shot taking out any given foe, the game also throws in trickier enemies. There are mummies, fast-moving Pharaoh-like warriors and, as was introduced within mere moments of starting to play the game, an armoured Minotaur. The last of these beasties, in particular, takes a lot of damage before he's down - plus he can surprise with special fast attacks.
A level-up power bar increases with each foe you take down, which eventually fills your character's special attack for use. This differs depending on character choice, but is ultimately similar in delivering a rush attack with a greater spread of devastation. It doesn't take too long to fill up either, which is handy given the relentless onslaught of enemies.
All of this is peppered with narration shtick between stages of the game, which helps the title stand out as and can even tickle out the odd laugh.
There's nothing strange about Strange Brigade. If you like non-stop third-person shooters - whether solo or up to four players - then this British treat will be as satisfying as a chocolate Hobnob dunked in a cup of char. One to keep an eye out for when it launches on PS4, Xbox One and PC. There's no release date set as yet, but we're hoping it'll make it out before the end of 2018.
Sometimes a high school history project ends up making history. That's what happened when a 16-year-old Nebraska student decided to participate in the National History Day project in 2015.
Partly due to her research, the bodies of two American twin brothers, separated at death during World War II, were finally reunited.
On June 19, 2018 — 74 years to the day after they were killed off the coast of Normandy, France — Ludwig Julius Wilhelm "Louie" Pieper and Julius Heinrich Otto "Henry" Pieper were laid to rest side by side in the Normandy American Cemetery, high on a bluff overlooking Omaha Beach.
The twins were born in Esmond, South Dakota, and grew up in Creston, Neb. They enlisted in the Navy together and took part in the 1944 D-Day Normandy invasion as radiomen 2nd class on the same landing ship.
Nearly two weeks after D-Day, Landing Ship Tank 523 was crossing the Channel from England, trying to reach France's Utah Beach. It was loaded with men, vehicles, equipment and explosives. The ship hit an underwater German magnetic mine, exploded and sank within minutes, according to the American Battle Monuments Commission. The Pieper twins were 19 years old.
Rescuers found Louie's body after the explosion. But Henry's wasn't immediately found and identified. He became one of World War II's tens of thousands of missing in action. His name was inscribed on the Walls of the Missing at the American military cemetery in Normandy, where Louie was buried.
Henry's remains were eventually discovered, but remained unidentified. For decades, the body was labeled "Unknown X-9352" and was buried at another military cemetery in Belgium — until now.
Tim Nosal, who heads external affairs at the American Battle Monuments Commission in Virginia, says they are always looking for America's missing soldiers, but this time there was an incredible coincidence that helped them find one.
"We were looking at all the information we have on the unknowns in our cemeteries when, at the same time, a high school student in Nebraska was doing research," says Nosal. "And it's almost like a new piece of the puzzle came across the table."
It was 2015, and Vanessa Taylor was a student at Ainsworth High School in Ainsworth, Neb., and was looking for a topic for a class project.
"We were supposed to select a silent hero from our state," says Taylor, now a student at the University of Nebraska.
She began her research by looking at websites listing soldiers killed from her state.
"I just happened to notice there were two people killed who had the same exact last name," she says. "So I thought it was kind of interesting and wondered if there was a connection or if it was just a coincidence."
Taylor says she found out they were twin brothers who served in the same branch of the military. "And they were on the same ship when they died," she adds.
Taylor's requests to the U.S. government for personnel files on the sailors caught the attention of officials at the Defense POW-MIA Accounting Agency, which tracks soldiers who have been prisoners of war or missing in action. They drew a possible link between the missing twin and the remains of six unidentified sailors found by French divers who were dismantling a sunken American ship off Omaha Beach in 1961. Those unidentified remains were buried at the Ardennes American Cemetery in Belgium.
"It was fresh [information] to them and it helped them put the pieces together to identify a sailor that was missing from this particular vessel," says Nosal.
The remains were positively identified as Henry's in November 2017, using DNA and dental records.
The twins had four other siblings. Their last living sister, MaryAnn Pieper Lawrence, died in May.
At the June ceremony in Normandy, her daughter Susan Lawrence said her mother got the news of the positive identification last Thanksgiving.
"For her, it was like the biggest burden lifted off her shoulders. She was just carrying it all this time," says Lawrence. "What happened to the brother — and to have him identified and know he was found, it was the biggest blessing for Thanksgiving we could have possibly had."
The family asked the monuments commission if they could bury the twins side by side in the verdant, pine tree-lined cemetery above Omaha Beach.
Louie's body was moved to a space where it could be reburied next to Henry.
"The American Battle Monuments Commission went out of its way to make it happen," says Lawrence.
At the end of World War II, about 79,000 Americans were unaccounted for, according to the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency. Today, the agency's website says, more than 72,000 remain unaccounted for from the war.
Many bodies have been identified, says Nosal. But once they are, their families usually repatriate them to the United States.
He says this is the first missing soldier to be identified and buried in this Normandy cemetery of more than 9,300 graves.
"People will be talking about the Pieper twins and visiting their graves for as long as this cemetery exists," he says. "Five million visitors come through this cemetery each year. If you were to rebury your loved one in a private cemetery back home, he would never receive so many visitors. There's a strong message here for the world, of what these men sacrificed their lives for."
As the June ceremony got underway, taps was played as six midshipmen carried Henry's flag-draped coffin between the rows of white marble crosses and Stars of David. The twins' family members sat in a row of chairs on the green lawn. Six nieces and nephews of the twins traveled from the U.S. to witness the burial of uncles they never met.
One of the nephews, Louis Henry Pieper, is named after both twins. His father died before learning of the discovery of the missing sibling's remains.
"He knew that one of his brothers was buried in Normandy and the other one was unknown," said Pieper. "It was always a wound in his heart not knowing where his brother was, so he never talked about it."
As eldest niece and next of kin, Linda Pieper Suitor, was presented with the flag from Henry's coffin after the ceremony. She said this event has changed her life.
"I think I've found a new purpose for my life," Suitor said. "I'm going home and I'm going to visit high schools and share this story and make sure students know about this history project. I'm going to tell them what it's meant to me and my family."
A newspaper clipping from the summer of 1944 in student Vanessa Taylor's online project says 300 people turned out for a memorial ceremony for the twins in their little Nebraska town. Henry and Louie were the first sons of Creston to die in the war, according to the old newspaper article.
The twins were first-generation Americans. Both their parents had emigrated from Germany. Niece Susan Lawrence says the family was proud to be American and knew Hitler had to be stopped.
Initially, Henry and Louie were separated in the Navy. But their father wrote a letter asking that they be able to serve together.
And Lawrence recalls that the twins wrote to their parents just before they died.
"Do not worry about us," she remembers it saying. "We are together."
EPL 2016-17: 5 talking points from Matchweek 19
Chelsea edge closer to record with top teams fighting hard to keep pace.
by Rahul Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017, 10:22 IST
Chelsea continues on their merry run
Week 19 of the Premier League saw Chelsea once again race to victory, while most of the other top teams in the league also carried on their good run of form. Manchester City suffered a close but demoralising defeat against an impressive Liverpool team while Jose Mourinho's Manchester United managed to keep their rich run of form going as they edged past Middlesbrough.
The bottom sides continued to struggle in the busiest period of the season with manger-less Swansea desperately looking for some kind of positive signs.
#1 Chelsea equal Premier League record with a hard-fought win
Chelsea continued their exquisite run of form, recording their 13th consecutive win in a 4-2 win over Stoke City at Stamford Bridge. The away side levelled proceedings twice before succumbing to the Blues' attacking pressure. Willian grabbed a brace, while Diego Costa and Gary Cahill scored the other goals for the hosts. The league leaders showed exactly why they are being touted to lift the trophy at the end of the season by digging out yet another hard fought, yet deserving win.
The victory equalled the record set by Arsenal and Antonio Conte's men are now only a win away from setting a new Premier League record but they will not find it easy as they travel to Tottenham in the next game week.
MULTIMEDIA
The Facebook pages of The Korea Herald and K-pop Herald give users the chance to interact with other readers around the globe.The pages offer more than just one-way communication. By “liking” the pages, the followers of The Korea Herald and Kpop Herald can share opinions with other readers in Korea and abroad.The more than 110,000 followers of The Korea Herald Facebook page are already doing so. Around 200 people engaged in a heated discussion on racial discrimination in Korea, sparked by an article titled “White washing? Racism rampant in Korean job market” posted Wednesday.The page offers not only the online versions of stories, but also more photos and exclusive videos by The Korea Herald journalists. For instance, users enjoyed photos and videos from the scene of the Gay Pride Parade at the Korea Queer Culture Festival in July.Meanwhile, the K-pop Herald Facebook page curates the latest English-language news on Korean celebrities. Its more than 400,000 followers get updated with news on their favorite stars.Latest news concerning BTS, the “Song-Song couple” and much more are shared in real time. The page also introduces the popular articles of the day via posts titled “Take a look at today's K-pop Herald's top 4 articles.”At this very moment, Facebook users are sharing what they think about issues and happenings through the posts of The Korea Herald and K-pop Herald.By Im Eun-byel (silverstar@heraldcorp.com)
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is back once again as of May 30, with beloved characters and new famous faces joining the show's wacky universe. The pool of New York talented eager to work on this Netflix series does not disappoint, and the cameos in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt Season 4 Part 1 include Broadway stars and comedians alike.
Returning in Season 4 is, of course, Jon Hamm as Reverend Richard Wayne Gary Wayne. He's so integral to the plot of the show that he barely counts as a cameo at this point, even if he only pops up sporadically. Creator Tina Fey, who has appeared as multiple characters over the course of the series, is not in this season thus far. Peter Riegert also returns briefly in some scenes as Artie, Lillian's latest lover. Mikey (Mike Carlsen), Titus' on again off construction worker boyfriend, is also back. Comedy and/or theatre nerds may recognize actors Grease Live favorite Noah Robbins as Kimmy's boss Zach, and UCB's Jonathan Braylock as "Banana Boy."
As for the other starry surprises, here's who else you saw in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt Season 4. The six episodes that make up the first half of the season don't include as many cameos as you may expect from this series, but there are still more episodes to come before the series is finished, and with them, likely more guest stars.
Greg Kinnear
Eric Liebowitz/Netflix
The actor appears as himself in the Season 4 premiere. Titus convinces him to help him impress Mikey and pretend to be filming a show with him called The Capist. Kinnear then sets him up with a pitch meeting at YouTube Brown.
Derek Klena As Doug/DJ Fingablast
Eric Liebowitz/Netflix
He starred as Demitri in Anastasia on Broadway and leads a whole documentary episode of Kimmy Schmidt as DJ Fingablast. He's been on the show before — remember how Kimmy convinced Jacqueline's trophy boyfriend to follow his dreams and become a DJ? That's him! His place in the Kimmy Schmidt mythology grows every season.
Amy Sedaris As Mimi Kanasis
Eric Liebowitz/Netflix
Jaqueline's BFF returns as well, this time with a new job as her secretary and even bigger hair.
Aidy Bryant As Tabby Bobatti
Eric Liebowitz/Netflix
The Saturday Night Live performer plays the Reverend's live-in (meaning, consensual and not in the bunker) girlfriend in a flashback/news clip. It's a very brief cameo that better be expanded on in a later episode, because... what?! Fans need to know more about this character.
Bobby Moynihan As Fran Dodd
Eric Liebowitz/Netflix
The former Saturday Night Live performer plays a Men's Rights Activist.
The Cast Of Orange Is The New Black
OITNB Vids on YouTube
Briefly, listening to Cindy preach in one scene, the fellow Netflix cast can be spotted — or, at the very least, a cast of extras meant to resemble the Litchfield Penitentiary inmates.
Jason Jones As Fred
The actor, star of The Detour, and former Daily Show correspondent appears mid-way through the season at a conference.
Drew Gehling As Danford
Stefan Galander on YouTube
Another Broadway performer shows up as a friend/love interest to Kimmy at said an out of town conference. Gehling recently starred in Waitress on Broadway. If you need a good cry, listen to him performing the song above with composer Sarah Bareilles.
Zosia Mamet & Evan Jonigkeit As Sue & Bob Thompsteen
Eric Liebowitz/Netflix
Reprising their hipster roles from previous seasons of Kimmy Schmidt, the former Girls star and her real life husband, who is uncredited but you may recognize from Sweetbitter and X-Men: Days Of Future Past, show up at Titus' accidentally immersive school play experience.
Stephanie D'Abruzzo As Jan S. Port
Stephanie D'Abruzzo - Topic on YouTube
Another Broadway performer known for a sad, sad song (is Kimmy Schmidt OK?) — D'Abruzzo plays an anthropomorphic backpack in the midseason finale.
Busy Phillips As Sheba Goodman
Eric Liebowitz/Netflix
Also in the midseason finale, Phillips plays the daughter of Lillian's former paramour, who's also her new rival.
Between these new players and that cliffhanger ending, Season 4 is shaping up to be quite the ride. When Season 4 returns, hopefully some of these characters will make their way back as well.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tottenham have shown fans what they can expect from their new stadium on matchday.
Spurs expect to be in their new home for the start of the 2018/19 season, having applied for the capacity to be increased to 60,062.
That is an increase of 503 from the previous figure as the impressive stadium continues to take shape, reports Football.London.
Now Tottenham has released a video to show fans how it will feel when they walk up the steps before getting a glimpse of the pitch.
(Image: @SpursOfficial/Twitter)
(Image: @SpursOfficial/Twitter)
(Image: @SpursOfficial/Twitter)
The next stage for the club is to complete the compression ring around the stadium so the roof can be lifted on to the new ground this month.
In the meantime fans are watching on from outside as the sides of the ground are constructed quickly with that massive 17,500-seater south stand looming.
(Image: @SpursOfficial/Twitter)
(Image: @SpursOfficial/Twitter)
(Image: @SpursOfficial/Twitter)
The clip shows there is still plenty of work to do but the structure of the new White Hart Lane is nothing short of incredible.
Spurs continue their Premier League campaign at Liverpool on Sunday.
Retail giant Amazon is continuing to sell baby sleep positioners despite fears they can cause babies to suffocate.
Several other firms, including John Lewis and Tesco, have removed the products from their websites after US authorities issued a fresh warning to parents saying they were unsafe.
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has linked the products to at least 12 baby deaths in America - which occurred when babies rolled from their side to their front and suffocated.
The positioners, sometimes called nests or wedges, are intended to keep the baby in one place on their back and are marketed as suitable for use up to six months of age.
Some parents use them hoping their baby will sleep longer due to the infant feeling cosy, while others believe they cut the symptoms of reflux.
While some retailers have taken action to remove the products from their websites, others, including Amazon and Jo Jo Maman Bebe, still have them for sale.
A spokeswoman for Jo Jo Maman Bebe said it was still selling the products but was "investigating the issue as a matter of urgency with our suppliers".
A spokeswoman for Amazon, which still has a range of sleep positioner products for sale, said the firm would not be commenting on the issue.
John Lewis has removed the Cocoonababy Sleep Positioner from sale.
It still has a range of "nests" and "pods" for sale including the Cocoonababy nest and the Sleepyhead.
John Lewis told worried customers on Twitter that both of these products are not considered sleep positioners and are therefore still on sale.
A statement from John Lewis said: "We have one baby sleep positioner and as a precautionary measure we are removing it from sale."
A Tesco spokesman said: "We have removed these products from our website as a precautionary measure."
Several of the products were still available on eBay but a spokeswoman said it was planning to remove them.
She said: "Following recent recommendations by US authorities, items of this nature will now be prohibited from being sold on our platform.
"Our team will be informing sellers and removing any listings that contravene our policies."
Mothercare has also removed some products from sale.
Individual manufacturers are still selling the products via their websites.
A statement from the FDA said it was "reminding parents and caregivers not to put babies in sleep positioners".
"These products - sometimes also called 'nests' or 'anti-roll' products - can cause suffocation (a struggle to breathe) that can lead to death," it said.
"The two most common types of sleep positioners feature raised supports or pillows (called 'bolsters') that are attached to each side of a mat, or a wedge to raise a baby's head.
"The positioners are intended to keep a baby in a specific position while sleeping and are intended for infants under six months old."
The FDA and the NHS recommend that infants sleep on their backs on a flat mattress in an empty crib.
The FDA said its safety advice was to "never use infant sleep positioners. Using this type of product to hold an infant on his or her side or back is dangerous".
"The federal government has received reports about babies who have died from suffocation associated with their sleep positioners," it said.
"In most of these cases, the babies suffocated after rolling from their sides to their stomachs.
"In addition to reports about deaths, the federal government also has received reports about babies who were placed on their backs or sides in positioners - but were later found in other, dangerous positions within or next to these products."
Mothercare said it had removed the Babymoov Cosy Dream sleep positioner from sale.
A statement from the Lullaby Trust baby charity said: "There are hundreds of baby sleep products on the market and parents assume that if something is for sale it is safe to use.
"We do not recommend wedges and sleep positioners as evidence shows that the safest way for a baby to sleep is on a firm, flat mattress, in a clear cot free of pillows, toys, bumpers and sleep positioners.
"Babies are at higher risk of sudden infant death syndrome if they have their heads covered and some items added to a cot may increase the risk of head-covering and can also increase the risk of accidents.
"We recommend that, while evidence on individual products is not widely available, parents do not take any chances and stick to scientifically proven safer sleep guidelines."
A spokeswoman for Boots said: "At Boots UK, the quality and safety of the products we sell is of the utmost importance to us.
"We are removing the sale of all sleep positioner products whilst we investigate further with our suppliers."
DAN LEAVY CAPPED a sensational individual season for both province and country as he scooped Leinster's Players' Player of the Year and Supporters' Player of the Year awards last night.
The Ireland flanker was the big winner at the annual end-of-season bash at the InterContinental Dublin, while James Ryan was named Young Player of the Year and Nora Stapleton won the Women's Rugby Award.
“I am delighted for Dan and James,” coach Leo Cullen said.
“This is very much a squad effort and nothing would be possible without the contributions of each and every one of the 53 players we have used this season, but I think we can all see that Dan and James have had outstanding years and I congratulate them both.
“The award is probably that bit more special as it has been voted for by their fellow players.”
Six players were also recognised for their contribution to Leinster during their time at the province.
There was special acknowledgement for club captain Isa Nacewa, former captain Jamie Heaslip, Richardt Strauss, Jordi Murphy, Cathal Marsh and Peadar Timmins, who were all presented with their official Leinster Rugby caps by President Niall Rynne.
Leinster Rugby Awards 2017/18
Laya Healthcare Young Player of the Year: James Ryan
James Ryan Deep River Rock School of the Year: Blackrock College
Blackrock College Beauchamps Contribution to Leinster Rugby: Hugh Woodhouse, Mullingar RFC
Hugh Woodhouse, Mullingar RFC Cityjet Senior Club of the Year : MU Barnhall RFC
: MU Barnhall RFC Lifestyle Sports Supporters Player of the Year Award: Dan Leavy
Dan Leavy Energia Women's Rugby Award: Nora Stapleton
Nora Stapleton Guinness Hall of Fame Award: Paul McNaughton
Paul McNaughton Irish Independent Development School Award: Gorey Community School
Gorey Community School Canterbury Tackle of the Year: Fergus McFadden
Fergus McFadden Bank of Ireland Junior Club of the Year: Wicklow RFC
Wicklow RFC Irish Independent Try of the Year: Jordan Larmour
Jordan Larmour Bank of Ireland Players' Player of the Year: Dan Leavy
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Bunbury businesses surrounding a planned shisha area in the CBD have backed the proposal.
Questions were raised by Mayor Gary Brennan as to why the proposal even went out for public comment and instead should have been approved internally by City of Bunbury staff.
Sustainability, planning and development manager Thor Farnworth responded that staff felt there was enough public interest to warrant the proposal being advertised.
But just one objection was received during the public comment period which when put out in March attracted a wave of support.
A total of 18 surrounding businesses offered submissions of support to the proposal including The Townhouse cafe owner Craig Lyons saying he was “more than happy” for it to go ahead.
Just One Thai Restaurant's Prasong Maurer said “I am very happy for this to take place as I feel it would (be) beneficial to my business”.
Also among supporters were Melo Velo, Cafe Bean, Mojo's, Tokyo Jacks and Nicola's Ristorante.
SumoSalad owner Daniel Macnish said the shisha area would bring culture to the CBD while Sweeney Todd Barber's Shop said it was a “good project”.
There was one objection from a College Grove resident along with four submissions from health service authorities.
During debate on Tuesday night, Cr Betty McCleary said she was surprised only one objection had been received.
“I can only surmise, our community did not hear about it or do not really understand the problems supporting and promoting the shisha bar in our beautiful seaside community,” Cr McCleary said.
Rome, July 4 - The government is set to cut golden pensions, those above 5,000 euros a month, and raise minimum pensions to 780 euros, Labour and Industry Minister Luigi Di Maio said Wednesday. He said this would come after the elimination of vitalizi parliamentary pensions, in a week's time. "Vitalizi are a first step, and the next one are privileged pensions," he said. "If you have a high pension that comes from a lifetime's work, on the other hand, it is right". Di Maio said No to "pensions unconnected to contributions".
Being childless throughout one's entire life somewhat distorts the awareness of the passage of time. As a parent, one has the inherent opportunity of counting off the years as the children grow up and make their way in the world. Personally, I lack that firm grasp on time's progression that others often possess. My childlessness, together with a couple of other life markers, distorts this part of reality for me.
I am a gay man and a Baby Boomer — both of which embody the essence of Peter Pan.
Like every other adult, I am heavily burdened with responsibility. I've had to make sacrifices and concessions in both my professional and private lives.
Along the way, I've fallen in love; I've made lasting friends; I've known goodness, and I've been bitterly disappointed. I've buried parents and lovers. I have experienced profound joy and bone crushing grief. I have persevered. I have been forced to be an adult in every way possible.
But it's artifice; I am a child. I vowed to never grow up, and so far, I haven't. I'm great at pretending. With the dog years that have gathered on my physicality, I present a stern demeanor these days. But scratch the surface and you'll find all the childish traits and the magical thinking.
I am unrepentant. This alone is proof of my inability to engage in parenting.
Looking back through this prism, I was amazed when my peers had children that began high school. I remember the first time one began her infusive grandmother pride tirade — I was appalled. Still in my 30s, I took it as an affront. I couldn't be of an age to be a grandparent!
I didn't have children that might have helped me focus on my own mother's decline. To me, she was always the willing partner-in-crime that loved my husbands, my parties and being included.
Hell, I barely understood how to interact with my own niece and nephew. The uncle duties fell upon my husband, who was better suited for the role. Both the female child and the male child grew up physically active. I cringed with fear at the idea these drooling, athletic darlings would expect me to throw them a ball!
So, there it is: I'm that sissy boy too afraid to engage in sports. That is true. The sissy boy himself grew up in a world that assumed a male child was born with primal knowledge of all games. I never received instructions in any sport from my parents or teachers. A rulebook could have made those years easier.
Beyond my deficiencies, I grew to despise sports, particularly football, which pushed every other high school pursuit to the back seat in importance. The minimal education doled out in that era was even waylaid by everyone's insistence on concentrating instead on that week's big game. Most teachers back then wanted to see your spirit ribbon, not your homework assignment.
Eventually, though, the onward march of time, became more realistic. Kids grew up. Colleges were chosen. More of my friends became grandparents, and I accepted it. I even grew to understand why they were proud. It just wasn't my life. I was the casual observer, and that was okay.
Was there a time when I wanted kids? When I was younger, I thought about it, sure. I had stretches of time when I did some soul searching and researched the possibility.
In my 20s, pre-AIDS era, I did some outreach to women's clinics about being a sperm donor. But even that far back, there were policies that banned gay men from participation. And after I became HIV-positive, lost one husband and married another, I was told by my doctor to give up any hope for child-rearing, because I would be leaving behind orphans and an over-burdened spouse.
It was sound advice at the time.
That probability and my realistic assessment of my potential parenting skills put that struggle to rest. I have finally aged out of that most basic human drive to procreate. Although each spring I do still engage in massive womb-envy that only acquiring a newborn fur baby will satiate. At that point, most years, my “other” tosses on the Adult Hat and overrides my manic insistence that we need “one more.”
I offer all of this in defense of my most recent aversion to parenthood. I am absolutely horrified when I encounter the adult offspring of my contemporaries. These children are now in their mid-40s, and in many the aging process appears accelerated. It throws me off track!
I know that I will find a way to adjust eventually. But for the moment, I am utterly baffled by the time passages in this life I inhabit.
Gary Bellomy is a longtime Dallas activist working on issues of LGBT equality, HIV/AIDS services and family violence prevention. He is a war resister and a Trump resister.
Happy first time Power Gen exhibitors, Vincent Eid and Karl LeBeof of Louisiana Chemical Dismantling Company pose for a picture at their booth.
Photo: Yahya Jammeh.
The authorities in The Gambia have shut down a popular radio station critical of long-serving ruler Yahya Jammeh.
Intelligence agents ordered Teranga FM's closure without giving reasons, said Emil Touray, the head of the Gambia Press Union.
This is the first sign of a crackdown on the media since Mr Jammeh rejected defeat in the 1 December poll.
Mr Jammeh first seized power in a bloodless coup in 1994.
He initially conceded to property developer Adama Barrow, but then launched court action to annul the result, saying the poll was marred by irregularities.
The electoral commission said the poll was free and fair.
Andrew Phelps, Director for the state Office of Emergency Management, talks to Governor Kate Brown and First Gentleman Dan Little at Mahonia Hall about the first week's supplies to add to their personal preparedness kit for the Cascadia Subduction Zone earthquake.
MOLLY J. SMITH / Statesman Journal
SALEM, Ore. — The head of Oregon's Office of Emergency Management is apologizing after his agency sent a vague wireless emergency alert about Salem's contaminated drinking water advisory.
"This was a failure on our part," Andrew Phelps, director of the emergency agency, said in a video posted to social media.
The alert to cellphones told residents simply “Civil Emergency” and “Prepare for Action” and left off that the threat was toxic algae at a local water supply, according to The Associated Press.
Phelps said the integrated public alert and warning system "inadvertently defaulted to a generic message." He said agency officials rushed to give updates on social media and manually override the generic message, pushing another alert with information on the water advisory.
Salem city officials on Tuesday released a do-not-drink advisory after low levels of toxins were discovered in city drinking water from the North Santiam River.
More: State, city officials won't supply water as contamination alert drags on in Oregon
More: False ballistic missile alert rattles Hawaii
The advisory is for children younger than 6 years old and vulnerable populations, including dialysis patients and those with compromised immune systems. Officials say there is no danger for healthy adults drinking the water, which is also used in other towns, including Stayton and Turner.
The advisory set off a run on bottled water at local grocery stores, and city officials remain unsure when the warning will be lifted.
In an interview Wednesday with the Statesman Journal, Phelps said Tuesday marked the first time the state had used its wireless emergency alert system.
"As soon as we saw it on our own phones, yeah, we knew pretty quickly that it did not work the way we had expected it to work," he said.
Phelps said a senior IT staff member trained on the emergency alert system typed in the message with approval from an executive duty officer, he said.
For the alert, the city of Salem had adapted language from the Oregon Health Authority.
Marion County did not send the alert because it doesn't have that ability, so the Marion Area Multi-Agency Emergency Telecommunications Dispatch Center in Woodburn was asked to send it, said Jolene Kelley, spokeswoman for Marion County.
However, a technical issue stopped the dispatch center from being able to send it, so the Office of Emergency Management was contacted as a backup, Kelley said.
"Generally these messages ... get sent out at the local level or if it's a weather issue, they get sent out by the National Weather Service," Phelps said. "So, this was the first time we've ever initiated a wireless emergency alert."
More: Salem's water contaminated by toxic algae: What we know
More: Hawaii emergency worker who sent false missile alert: 'I'm really not to blame in this'
Phelps said no testing options exist for the wireless alerts, though the television and radio alert system is tested weekly. He said officials are trained on the emergency alert system via Federal Emergency Management Agency trainings posted online.
Phelps said the wireless alert went to phones within the area served by the affected water system, while another alert went to television and radio broadcasters that serve the affected area.
"We are conducting a forensic analysis of the steps we took to send this message and to ensure our procedures are written and practiced in a way that will prevent confusing messages from being sent ... in the future," Phelps said.
The Office of Emergency Management said in an earlier statement Tuesday: "This was a technology issue which OEM is currently working to learn how and why it happened."
Policy expert Jim Moore pointed to similarities between Oregon's blunder and an incident earlier this year when an emergency alert in Hawaii warned of a ballistic missile strike that sparked massive panic.
"Just like Hawaii and the missile alert, there is work to do," said Moore, director of the Tom McCall Center for Policy Innovation at Pacific University.
"Whether this was software, human error, or confused communications, the first message just created a mild form of panic. It is the job of OEM's communications to actually communicate to the public, not confuse it," Moore said.
Still, Moore said, clearer communications in the past have spurred other problems, such as an incident in the 1980s where a tsunami warning for areas along the coast drew spectators from the Willamette Valley wanting to see the event.
"This points out the problem," Moore said. "It is not just the quality of communication from OEM, it is the listeners' abilities to act appropriately on that information that will determine how people deal with the 'big one,' out there somewhere off the coast."
Follow Jonathan Bach on Twitter: @jonathanmbach
Contaminated drinking water in Salem Store closure signs on the Starbucks at Lancaster and Silverton Road. Many local businesses are closed due to the Salem drinking water contamination. 01 / 24 Store closure signs on the Starbucks at Lancaster and Silverton Road. Many local businesses are closed due to the Salem drinking water contamination. 01 / 24
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger has seen a LOT of Arsenal players score a LOT of Arsenal goals.
Yes, the Frenchman has been in charge of The Gunners for so long that Marcus Rashford wasn't even born when he first took charge of the club. But even bearing in mind the length of his reign, the fact an enormous 2,129 Arsenal goals have been scored since Wenger's appointment in October 1996 is pretty remarkable.
It also makes his assessment of Olivier Giroud's scorpion kick against Crystal Palace all the more special.
Asked about Giroud's wondergoal after the match, here's what Wenger had to say:
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Arsene Wenger has his say on Olivier Giroud's goal Share this video Watch Next
"That will be remembered as the Giroud goal that nobody will forget.
"Every striker is certainly remembered for one or two or three special goals and that will certainly remain with him forever.
“I have been spoiled in my career because I had many great players and many great strikers and that is certainly in the top five."
(Photo: Getty)
We put that last bit in bold for a good reason.
Of the 2,129 goals he has seen his various Arsenal sides score over the years, Wenger says Giroud's acrobatic bit of brilliance is among the best five.
Luckily for us, he went on to list the five he had at the top of his own personal list before Giroud's piece of magic…
Dennis Bergkamp vs Leicester, 27 August 1997
(Photo: Getty Images)
There are so many things that are brilliant about this quintessentially Bergkamp goal, it's difficult to believe they all happen within a couple of seconds of each other.
The way he effortlessly controls an average, ever-so-slightly overhit diagonal pass… on the volley. The way that, without the ball touching the floor, he effortlessly makes time and space stand still, as he flicks the ball back past an onrushing defender. The way he calmly manages to act as if this this moment of majestic brilliance hasn't happened and calmly, cooly and smoothly stop, pause for breath, read the paper, have a sandwich and STILL have time to slot the ball past Leicester keeper Kasey Keller.
Oh, and we haven't even mentioned the fact that this was the way he completed his hat-trick…
Dennis Bergkamp vs Newcastle, 2 March 2002
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
Look… he meant it, OK?
Whether you support Arsenal, Chelsea or Tottenham, the time has come for us all to finally agree that when Bergkamp did THAT turn and left Newcastle defender Nikos Dabizas wondering what day of the week it was, he knew EXACTLY what he was doing.
Agreed? Yes? Excellent.
Thierry Henry vs Liverpool, 9 April 2004
(Photo: David Price/Arsenal FC via Getty)
THE perfect Thierry Henry goal.
Cutting in from the left side? Check. Slaloming past terrified defenders at pace? Check. Making a top-class centre back fall over and look daft (*cough*JamieCarragher*cough*)? Cooly passing the ball into the keeper's bottom left corner? Check.
Making Arsenal fans erupt with joy? CHECK.
Thierry Henry vs Real Madrid, 21 February 2006
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
There are perhaps a few more obvious Henry goals Wenger could have chosen. That crazy flick-up-swivel-and-volley move against Man United. The legendary moment he ran straight through most of the Tottenham team in 2002… and celebrated so wildly, it momentarily seemed he was going to burst out of his own skin.
But for pure, Henry-esque brilliance, you can see why his old boss went for the goal that gave The Gunners a famous 1-0 win in the Bernabeu.
When he gets the ball with his back to goal just inside the Real Madrid half, there doesn't seem to be much on. Seven touches later - yes, just seven - he's beaten the entire Real defence and fired home a left-footed finish.
Class. Pure class.
Kanu vs Chelsea, 23 October 1999
(Photo: Europe)
Knowing how Wenger feels about Chelsea, it's no great shock that he has particularly fond memories about a goal which saw his side come back from 2-0 down to claim a famous 3-2 win at Stamford Bridge.
But that perhaps does a disservice to Kanu's winner - the goal that completed one of the greatest hat-tricks in Premier League history.
Even watching it back now, it's a goal that still doesn't look like it's even possible. In the pouring rain, the Nigerian striker appears to be stuck on the goal line, right on the edge of the penalty area. There is literally no way he can score from there:
And yet…
Olivier Giroud vs Crystal Palace, 1 January 2017
(Photo: CameraSport via Getty)
Henrikh Mkhitaryan?
Olivier Giroud laughs in the face of Henrikh Mkhitaryan…
Those are the Arsenal manager's nominations. Now it's up to YOU to pick the best…
A Time to Love and a Time to Die: Lelio's Fantastic Portrait of Pain and Perseverance
“What doesn't kill us makes us stronger,” murmurs the eponymous figure of Chilean director Sebastian Lelio's latest significant achievement, A Fantastic Woman. The familiar statement alludes to the daily battles which prepare each of us for the personal wars in which we are each engaged to command respect, equality, and consideration from our peers in our environment. It's an arguably cliched mantra but entirely relevant to members of the LGBT community the world over, a distinction which still makes us targets in specifically local but also global ways as we continue to face the prejudices of a heteronormative, patriarchal worldview unconcerned with complex classifications.
At the forefront of this struggle is the transgender community, the flagging T in an acronym of people who are sometimes as cruel, ignorant and inconsiderate as society at large, and cinematic cultural markers concerning them are plagued with controversy, specifically in the English language arena where there are few trans celebrities, leading to a glut of cis actors characterizing them, often for troubling awards courting vehicles. Lelio makes one of the most significant contributions to the contrary by featuring trans actress Daniela Vega in a beautiful, formidable performance as a woman whose significantly older boyfriend suddenly dies, leaving her vulnerable to the victimization of his family and the authorities who support their callous views.
Marina (Vega) is happily in love with 57-year-old Orlando (Francisco Reyes). A waitress pursuing her dreams as a singer, she has only just moved into Orlando's apartment when he suffers an aneurysm on her birthday and dies. Suddenly, Marina finds herself in a precarious situation. A transgender woman, she is automatically a target for hatred and ignorance at the hands of Orlando's family, including his son and ex-wife.
To many queer audiences, the core of A Fantastic Woman is nothing new, and we've seen plenty of homosexual lovers and spouses treated despicably by the nuclear familial units of their suffering or deceased partners. And the specific situation Marina finds herself involved with is sadly nothing new, either. Authority figures whose job it is to protect the public are automatic enemies, insisting on referring to her as her legal gender specifies, something which leads to the cruel over usage of pronouns, which instilled the kind of public embarrassment the ignorant and the bigoted tend to seem most amused by. Even those more supposedly sympathetic figures, like Amparo Noguera's crusty figure from the sexual victims unit, is more obsessed with protocol than actually understanding the psychological ramifications of what her procedures do to Marina, who is threatened into stripping off her clothes and forced to be photographed to prove the lack of physicality regarding her dead partner.
Lelio allows for some sympathetic supporting characters, including Marina's sister (Alina Kuppenheim), or a loveable Sergio Hernandez as her music instructor, and a kindly Antonia Zegers as her boss. But they are infrequent particles in Lelio's universe, which focuses almost exclusively on Vega, given room to unveil a layered, commanding lead performance as Marina. DP Benjamin Echazarreta's frames eat her up, with quality and production design recalling the kind of mixing of obsessive feminine beauty and unabashed queerness we saw in Pedro Almodovar's earlier filmography. But Lelio's tragic narrative as equally recalls, by obvious extension, the interests of Rainer Werner Fassbinder, and the German auteur's inspiration, Douglas Sirk, all male auteurs fascinated by the ripe melodrama of a life forcing women to adhere to the wishes of masculine designed cultures demanding their subservience, repression, and unflagging obedience. Daniela Vega is a rebellious figure for several reasons, perhaps best summed up by Lelio's title.
If A Fantastic Woman ultimately doesn't allow for the same scope granted Paulina Garcia in Lelio's 2013 breakout Gloria, we must remember the character of Marina is a tenuously established identity, a woman in transition who still isn't allowed to be the new personality she's forged through her own will and agency. It's a different type of cinematic narrative parameter as regards characterization, something Lelio handles with aplomb, avoiding trivializing or exploiting the scenario for grandly melodramatic moments. No, there's plenty of palpable pain to be had in observing Marina deal with a tragic scenario of losing a loved one compounded by the cruelty of others who blatantly disrespect and disregard her.
Like Gloria, Lelio finds significant visual power on glittery discotheque floors, including a brief but meaningful choreographed fantasy sequence. And her voice, much like Garcia's Gloria, is also channeled poetically through a finale whose beauty is owed to the power of song. An early sequence finds Orlando gifting Marina a trip to Iguazu Falls in Argentina. Lelio's film, once titled for the largest waterfall system in the world, is a significant motif, as the myth of Iguazu concerns doomed lovers who are cursed by a deity to remain in an eternal fall.
Reviewed on February 12th at the 2017 Berlin International Film Festival – Competition. 104 Mins.
★★★½/☆☆☆☆☆
A meteor shower could be visible from the UK this weekend with dozens of shooting stars streaking across the sky.
The Draconid meteor shower spawns from the comet 21P/Giacobini-Zinner, which rounds the Sun every 6.6 years, and occurs every year in October.
On Saturday and Sunday, there is a reasonable chance of Earth passing through a swarm of debris left in the comet's wake, leading to meteors which appear as bright shooting stars when they enter the atmosphere and burn up.
The meteor shower is most likely to be visible in the direction of the constellation of Draco, the Dragon, in the northern sky, just after nightfall.
The best way to observe meteors is with the naked eye rather than through binoculars or a telescope.
A second meteor shower, the Orionids, will also take place later this month, peaking on October 21.
Everything seems to be coming to a head when it comes to the Trump White House's alleged ties with the Russian government. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn resigned less than a month into his job following reports that he was vulnerable to blackmail by the Kremlin. His departure has been followed by some Russian officials tossing around the word “Russophobia” while defending Flynn. And a new Foreign Policy report (with full analysis) digs deep into why Russia may regret its now inextricable ties to the Trump administration.
All of this follows the conclusion by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia hacked the DNC in an effort to get Trump elected. The Kremlin reportedly celebrated Trump's victory as “a divine gift,” but now, “political elites in Moscow have stopped cheering.” They realize that Russia is irrevocably tied to Trump's success or failure as president, and they're worried that the latter will drag them down, too.
With internet traffic set to triple over the next five years or so, according to recent estimates from Nokia and Cisco Systems, Nokia thinks the time is right for a new range of high-end routers that can boost core capacity by a factor of six -- and even help 10-year-old devices to double their capacity.
Nokia predicts that by 2022, total internet traffic will reach 330 exabytes per month. (That's 330 million terabytes). For its part, Cisco forecasts it will grow at 24 percent per year from a base of 96 exabytes per month in 2016 to 278 exabytes per month in 2021.
That traffic growth will be driven by three things, according to Nokia: cloud services, 5G mobile networks, and the internet of things.
In a recent report on securing IoT, Cisco predicted there will be 50 billion connected devices by 2020; Nokia reckons there will be 100 billion IoT devices by 2025, up from 12 billion in 2017.
Protecting those billions of IoT devices against misuse will be vital if they are not to be turned against us. That's already a problem, with millions of connected cameras and home routers being subverted in recent months and used to launch DDoS (distributed denial of service) attacks. Cisco expects the number of DDoS attacks to grow from around 1.25 million in 2016 to 3.1 million in 2021. Nokia is more alarmist: It expects 10 million such attacks in 2017 alone -- although this may reflect different definitions of the level of traffic required to effectively deny service.
All that raises the question, if internet use -- and misuse -- is going to grow so fast, how on earth are we going to route it?
Nokia's answer to that is a new chip, the FP4, which can process up to 2.4 terabits per second. It's based on the FP3 chip Nokia already uses, but combines several of them into a single package.
Pack several of these on the same circuit board and the end result is a line card capable of 12 Tbps. In a new router, these cards are able to handle six times the traffic of the model they replace, but according to Steve Vogelsang, CTO for Nokia's IP and optical business, they can be slotted into routers up to 10 years old as well. There, they can double the capacity of the 7750 SR-12 Service Router, for example, and even treble the capacity of the slightly newer 7750 SR-12e.
The latest addition to the range, the single-shelf Nokia 7750 SR-14s, will be able to handle up to 144 Tbps when it goes on sale in the fourth quarter.
At the same time, Nokia is also introducing the 7950 XRS-XC Extensible Routing System, which it somewhat optimistically describes as "petabit-class." The actual specification is almost as impressive: up to 576 terabits (just over half a petabit) per second in a single system, achieved through chassis extension without the need for switching shelves.
Another benefit of the new FP4 chip is its ability to stream traffic statistics to an external analytics system, such as Nokia's recently acquired Deepfield IP network analytics system. That's how Nokia expects the new routers to help spot DDoS attacks and other nefarious activity. The chips can also perform stateless packet inspection, allowing further insight into traffic problems.
A2 Milk's dairy nutritional formula has become the fastest growing infant formula brand in Australia with the second biggest market share, and the leading product in its category on Chinese online sales platform JD.com.
A2 Milk Company made more net profit in the first half of 2016-17 than it achieved in the entire previous trading year as Chinese demand for infant formula helped quadruple sales results.
Revved up by sales of its New Zealand-made A2 Platinum infant formula in China and Australia, plus overall dairy product successes in Australia, the trans-Tasman listed specialist dairy processor has posted a $37 million profit for the period to December 31.
The after tax result was 290 per cent higher than at the same time a year ago and compares with last financial year's full profit of $28m.
Revenue in China more than quadrupled from a year ago, and rose 62pc in Australia.
A2's earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) in Australia and NZ topped $65.7m, and reached $12.8m in China, although it lost about $7m in the US and UK.
However, A2's UK business, although small, achieved positive earnings in December for the first time as branded fresh milk sales rose 45pc on the same time last year.
The company's relatively recent US toehold in California and Colorado is also about to expand via the Publix retail chain in Florida, Georgia and North and South Carolina, supported by extra marketing spending.
“We're delighted with every segment of the business, but clearly the standouts have been ANZ and China,” said managing director, Geoffrey Babidge.
“The half-year results show continued progress against the company's objective of building a global brand based on the health and digestive benefits of nutritional products free from A1 protein.”
He also flagged A2 would be expanding its nutritional formula product range later this year.
Outstanding growth in infant formula sales had been achieved through a multi-channel strategy involving a combination of local distribution, e-commerce and Chinese shoppers buying in Australia to send product home through the so-called “Daigou'” trade.
“Growth has been driven predominantly by the growing recognition and trust of the A2 brand among Chinese consumers,” Mr Babidge said.
“It reflects a strong communications platform that speaks directly to mothers and health care professionals in Australia and China.”
A2 Milk Company managing director Geoffrey Babidge is well aware of the need to maintain a prudent and conservative approach to managing nutitional formula production and inventory levels.
The marked increase in infant formula sales in late 2016 corresponded with key sales events in China and increasing market share in both Australia and China.
Coincidentally, this was the same period when the troubled Bellamy's Australia's realised its nutritional formula sales momentum with Asian consumers had collapsed and that it was carrying a huge inventory of unsold stock.
Mr Babidge said A2 had been well aware of the need to maintain a prudent and conservative approach to managing production and inventory levels, keeping alert to foreshadowed changes in regulations for infant formula sold in China.
He said the company's dairy formula inventory stocks were being restrained to about $30m worth of product.
The company warned it did not expect second half sales to be as strong as the past six months given the timing of major selling events in China such as Singles Day, promoted by online Chinese retailer Alibaba in November, but sales would be higher than 2015-16.
"We are growing the business in China in a very measured way, monitoring our business and the supply chain,” Mr Babidge said.
Although not commenting on Bellamy's sales turning sour with daigou shoppers after online prices were discounted, he noted A2 was happy to promote the daigou channel.
Sales of fresh A2 milk flown direct from Australia to China also continued to grow, but remain a small base.
A2 Milk chief executive Peter Nathan said the company's business strategy in China was the exception, not the norm.
“We always knew it was a challenging market where only a few succeed," he said.
“You need to make a significant investment in the business to succeed.”
THE NUMBER of children getting into their first choice of primary school has increased in the majority of education authority areas in Yorkshire today.
Tens of thousands of four-year-olds have been allocated places for starting their reception year in September.
Initial figures from councils across the region suggest more people have been able to secure places at their first choice of school compared with 12 months ago.
In eight of the areas The Yorkshire Post has received figures for, the proportion of successful applicants has increased.
East Riding had the highest proportion of successful applicants, with 96 per cent getting into their preferred choice - up slightly on last year.
One of the biggest increases was in neighbouring Hull, which saw 94 per cent of children being allocated their first choice school, compared to 87 per cent in 2016.
Councillor Phil Webster, portfolio holder for learning, skills and safeguarding children, said: “It is fantastic that 94 per cent of the 3,161 applications have been allocated their first preference primary school place.”
Boosts in the numbers getting into their first choice schools were also seen in Kirklees, Wakefield, Rotherham and Sheffield, which has provided 60 extra places for children in reception classes for September. In North Yorkshire 95 per cent of applicants secured their first school preference - up two per cent and the highest figure for several years.
A positive picture has remained in Leeds, which was engulfed in controversy over the number of parents missing out in the North of the city in 2015. The city council announced that 87 per cent of children has got into their first choice school - the same as last year. Overall 97 per cent were given one of the schools they had chosen. Whilst there was a reduction in the number of applicants this year by 371, the authority said its school place planning team had worked hard to ensure there were “enough places in the right areas” – including creating an additional 90 ‘bulge' places in the North Leeds area. Alternative places have been offered to 284 children - three per cent - who did not get any of their five preferences.
There was a small decline in the numbers getting into their first choice in York, which saw a 1.5 per cent drop to 92.9 per cent.
NATIONAL
Jun Byung-hu, a former senior secretary to President Moon Jae-in, speaks to reporters after arriving at the Seoul Central District Court for arraignment on Dec. 12. (Yonhap)
A former senior secretary to President Moon Jae-in rejected bribery allegations against him as a "misunderstanding" Tuesday as he appeared for arraignment ahead of a court's decision on whether to approve an arrest warrant for him."I will come out of this after sufficiently addressing the misunderstanding," Jun Byung-hun, a former senior political secretary, told reporters before heading into the arraignment at the Seoul Central District Court. "I will do my best to resolve the misunderstanding about me."Prosecutors sought an arrest warrant for Jun last week on charges of forcing Lotte Homeshopping, a local home shopping channel, to donate 330 million won ($303,700) in 2015 to the Korea e-Sports Association, of which he was then the chief.Prosecutors suspect the money was given in exchange for favors involving the renewal of Lotte Homeshopping's broadcasting license. Jun was at the time a three-term lawmaker belonging to the parliamentary committee in charge of related policies.Jun is also accused of receiving up to 8 million won worth of gift vouchers from Lotte Homeshopping and giving them to his family to use. He is suspected, too, of forcing another home shopping channel, GS Home Shopping, to donate 150 million won to the Korea e Sports Association in 2013.Prosecutors also charged Jun with embezzlement over suspicions that he received unauthorized salaries from the e-Sports Association when he was its honorary chairman and used the association's money to fund family trip expenses and pay the salaries of his parliamentary aides.He is also accused of pressuring the finance ministry in July to set aside a 2 billion-won budget for a project led by the e-sports body.It was the second time that prosecutors have sought an arrest warrant for Jun after the court rejected an earlier request last month, saying that the charges against him are disputable and that he has a low risk of fleeing or destroying evidence.The court is expected to make a decision on the second request either late Tuesday or early Wednesday. (Yonhap)
Boston Celtics star Kyrie Irving will miss his fourth straight game Tuesday night against the Oklahoma City Thunder, the team announced.
Celtics head coach Brad Stevens said Sunday that Irving will not play until his left knee soreness dissipates.
"I think he feels better and better," Stevens said before falling to the New Orleans Pelicans, 108-89. He just doesn't quite feel 100 percent. So until that point then he'll be out. There was a chance that he would play (against the Pelicans). He just didn't quite feel that. And, again, we're going to make sure that he feels that way."
Jaylen Brown (concussion) will also sit out against the Thunder. This weekend, Stevens said the wing is "getting closer" to a return assuming he avoids setbacks while moving through the NBA's concussion protocol.
The Nationals don't have to get as cute this season. Cole pitched well on Sunday, striking out six while allowing only one run in four innings. If Cole doesn't win the rotation spot, he'll be in the Nationals' bullpen.
"Oh, he's going to make the team," Rizzo said of Cole. "He's out of options, he's got a great arm, he's a good prospect."
On Monday, manager Dave Martinez officially announced Max Scherzer as the opening day starter in Cincinnati. Stephen Strasburg gets the second start, followed by Gio Gonzalez and Tanner Roark.
Hired in late October, Martinez may have waited until the Grapefruit League's final week to officially announce Scherzer as his opening day guy, but he made the decision much earlier.
"The day I got the job," he said.
Fedde, a former first round pick, still has options and is likely ticketed for the minors.
Hellickson arrived in camp on Saturday bent on showing he's not the same pitcher who struggled so badly during his short stint with Baltimore.
The 2011 American League Rookie of the Year while with Tampa Bay, Hellickson went 8-11 between Philadelphia and Baltimore last season. After the trade to the Orioles on July 28, Hellickson posted a 2-6 record with a 6.97 ERA.
"I just put a little too much pressure on myself, I think," Hellickson said. "Once things started going bad it just kind of snowballed. Obviously, the numbers weren't good."
The Nationals have reason to believe Hellickson can rebound this season.
"We found a couple of differences in his delivery that I know he's worked on in California and he's taken here," Rizzo said. "Hopefully he can make that little adjustment."
NOTES: Shortstop Trea Turner left Washington's clubhouse on Monday to take care of an ingrown nail on his right big toe. He could return to the lineup as early as Tuesday, Martinez said. Earlier this spring, star outfielder Bryce Harper had the same problem.
"That's been the trend of spring," Martinez said.
By Chuck King, The Associated Press
BUSINESS
(Yonhap)
Households in South Korea still appeared to flock to mortgage loans so far this month, despite the government's strong measures on Aug. 2 to tighten mortgage borrowing, data showed Tuesday.The average volume of household mortgage borrowings per day reached 407.1 billion won ($356.6 million) from 3,167.6 cases from Aug. 7-11, according to data compiled by the Financial Supervisory Service.This was larger than the daily average in July, which came to 288.5 billion won from 2,509 borrowings.From March to July, the daily volume fell short of 400 billion won, except for June, when borrowers took out 455.2 billion won from 3,374 lendings due to the “seasonal rise in the demand of houses,” according to financial authorities.In the capital Seoul and administrative cities of Sejong and Gwacheon, all designated as “overheated speculative districts” starting Aug. 3, the daily average mortgage loan reached some 163.2 billion won last week, nearly double the daily average of 91.9 billion won in July.Following the Aug. 2 measures, those taking out mortgage loans to buy a house in the regions are subject to stricter loan limits of up to 40 percent of the property value from 60 percent. The debt payment limit has been adjusted to 40 percent of income from 50 percent.On the day the anti-speculation measures were released, borrowers applied for 3,192 financings, as the new regulations were to become effective the following day.Still, the FSS said Monday that the market was “being stabilized” in August.In contrast, the rise in apartment prices has been seen slowing down in the regions since early August, according to the latest data from Kookmin Bank.Seoul's apartment price rose 0.08 percent weekly as of Aug. 7, down from a 0.37 percent surge the previous week. The price in Sejong remained flat, compared to a 0.58 percent weekly rise a week prior, while that of Gwacheon remained steady for two consecutive weeks, after seeing a 0.27 percent rise in the third week of July.Meanwhile, outstanding household loans from banks came to 739 trillion won as of Friday, while outstanding mortgage loans came to 556 trillion won, the FSS data also showed.The pan-governmental measures are aimed at stabilizing the domestic real estate market, by stemming speculative home purchases and inducing multiple homeowners to sell houses -- crucial to taming housing prices and curbing inflating household debt from excessive borrowing.The number of people who own more than two real estate assets jumped 9.2 percent on-year in 2015 and 15.1 percent from three years before, according to the 2017 estimate by the Statistics Korea. Those buying additional homes while already having more than two houses accounted for 14 percent of total home buyers in 2016 and 2017 nationwide, nearly double that of 2015, according to data from the Land Ministry.By Son Ji-hyoung
As Longmeadow's Ace Adams delivered his acceptance remarks on induction night for the Western Mass. Baseball Hall of Fame, he made it clear why the game means so much to so many.
For him, it's a way of life as he awaits his 42nd year as a pitching coach. He'll soon be off to spring training, working with young arms in the Detroit Tigers' minor league camp.
"My dad taught me to love baseball, and it's my passion. Give me my bag of baseballs, my glove and my fungo bat and I'm ready for another day on the field," he said in a heartfelt tribute to The Grand Olde Game.
The WMass enshrinement event drew a capacity crowd Thursday night at the Hadley Farms Meeting House on Route 9, Hadley. Induction night also proved to be reunion night for members of the Class of 2018.
Baltimore Orioles general manager Dan Duquette of Dalton, keynote speaker as well as inductee, reconnected with his Amherst College coach, Bill Thurston, and 10 teammates from the Class of 1980.
Inductee Chris Capuano, a 12-year major league pitcher from West Springfield, chatted with the Rev. Wayne Biernat, a next-door neighbor from his youth. Father Wayne offered the pre-banquet prayer after captivating the crowd with his reminiscences of boyhood days playing catch with Chris in the backyard.
Julio Vazquez, a Springfield police officer, honored for his years of coaching with Springfield area youth teams, had the support of a large contingent of his fellow officers, parents and players. As he said, "Our players are our family."
Steve Newell of East Longmeadow, honored as a college and Tri-County League star, sat with his UMass coach, Dick Bergquist, and chatted with the Bedard brothers and Frank Capuano (father of Chris) about their TCL playing days.
A Springfield College contingent, led by president Mary-Beth Cooper and athletic director Craig Poisson, saluted the school's late baseball coach, inductee Archie Allen. Chuck Roys, his successor at SC, spoke lovingly on Archie's behalf.
Ten members of Holyoke's 1985 state high school champions and their coach, Joe McCarthy, attended as their team was inducted. Coach Joe pointed out the "deja vu" aspect: His ace pitcher, Pat Brennan, won the state final 35 years after his dad, Bo Brennan, had pitched HHS to its first state crown.
Then there was Brady Kahle, 11, bringing a standing ovation as he spoke of the friendship that led him to start his "Cards 4 a Cause" sale of personal baseball treasures to raise money for the fight against cancer.
This heartwarming induction night was pulled together expertly by Clark Eckhoff and Hunter Golden, executives of the Holyoke-based Valley Blue Sox, defending champions in the New England Collegiate Baseball League. They initiated the Hall of Fame in 2014, and it gets better by the year.
SUPER BILL: At Super Bowl time, we think of the Pioneer Valley players who made it to football's biggest stage.
One of them, Chicopee's Bill Budness, passed away Jan. 24 in Ocean View, Delaware. He was 74.
After a starry football-baseball career at Chicopee High, Budness went on to play football at Boston University. The Oakland Raiders, then of the American Football League, drafted him in the fourth round of 1964. He made their roster, and spent seven seasons with them before turning to a long teaching/coaching career at Greenfield High School.
As a backup linebacker for coach John Madden, Budness saw playing time in Super Bowl II, which Oakland lost to Vince Lombardi's Green Bay Packers.
"Bill was a wonderful guy, a bright guy and a great teammate. His attitude was, show up every day and do what you can to help the team," said Ed Connors, a retired UMass professor of mathematics who played football and baseball with him at Chicopee High.
As a junior in the fall of 1958, Budness started at left end for coach Bill Moge on a Chicopee team that beat Holyoke 20-0 to clinch the AA Conference title. The Thanksgiving Day game at Holyoke's Mackenzie Stadium drew 12,000.
In the summer before his junior year of high school, Budness played first base for Chicopee Post 452 as it lost to Milford in a hard-fought American Legion state playoff series.
In 1972, Budness was elected to the Boston University Athletic Hall of Fame.
He had a 55-year marriage with Ginger Robinson, his high school sweetheart. She asks that donations be sent to Boston University School of Medicine, Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE) Center Medical Campus, 72 East Concord St., B-7800, Boston, MA 02118.
BENNETT ON BENNETT: When the Holyoke Soldiers Home honored resident Tony King on his 100th birthday, the facility's superintendent, Bennett Walsh, wore his favorite New England Patriots game shirt.
The name on the back? Bennett, as in tight end Martellus Bennett, now on the team's injured reserve list.
"That Bennett name works for me," said Walsh with a big smile.
Springfield mayor Domenic Sarno couldn't make the party so he sent a hand-written note in which he saluted King, referring to him as one who embodies "the spirit to do the right thing."
King is the last survivor of a Springfield Post 21 American Legion baseball team which, in 1934, stood up against racial segregation, withdrawing from an eastern sectional tournament rather than play without Bunny Taliaferero, its lone African-American member.
ROCKY'S ROAD: Two of coach Rocky Snow's UMass boxers will take part in bouts today at Penn State University.
Meiya Berkey of UMass will box Olivia DeCarlo of the U.S. Naval Academy. UM's Christian Moura will go against Alex Perron of UConn.
The UMass team will hit the road again next weekend to take part in the Shippensburg, Pennsylvania, Invitational.
SUMMER IN WINTER: Two days after she made our favorite-names list in "Hitting to All Fields, Summer-Solstice Thomas of the Williams College track team rewrote the school record for the pentathlon with 3,514 points. She did that in the Middlebury Invitational at Middlenbury, Vermont.
With two events to go, Thomas reaped 700 points by winning the long jump. In the last event, an 800 meter run, she used a finishing kick over the final 100 meters to win in 2:22.51, her personal best by over three seconds.
Thomas, a sophomore from Santa Cruz, California, now ranks first nationally in the pentathlon in Division III.
BEST BET for the weekend: California Night, in the Withers Stakes at Aqueduct.
Garry Brown can be reached at geebrown1918@gmail.com; his book, "Garry Brown's greatest Hits," can be purchased at hittingtoallfields.com
Reyes returns as Cardinals lose 3-2 to Brewers
Reyes returns as Cardinals lose 3-2 to Brewers
MILWAUKEE (AP) — It was a memorable return for Alex Reyes. Same for Orlando Arcia, albeit for many different reasons.
Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in his return from Tommy John surgery, but Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee's two-run seventh and the Brewers held off the Cardinals for a 3-2 win on Wednesday.
"It was fun. It was fun knowing that I had the ball today," Reyes said. "Being able to go out there that first inning and execute pitches pretty quickly and strike out two. It was huge."
Making his first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016, the 23-year-old right-hander allowed three hits, struck out two and walked two. He worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the second.
"My job is to get outs," Reyes said. "That's what I was trying to do."
Fatigue was a bit of a factor for the rookie.
"Not necessarily in the second, more in the third," he said. "I felt a little fatigue. I try not to think about it much when I'm out there."
Cardinals manager Mike Matheny noticed a change and went out to check on Reyes in the fourth.
"Saw a drop in velocity," Matheny said. "Needed to go out check, see what was going on. He said it was nothing that he didn't normally feel. It was just something that got us concerned."
Reyes was done after throwing 73 pitches, 42 for strikes.
"Obviously, we're going to be extra cautious with him," Matheny said.
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago, striking out 52 in 46 innings. He felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals physician Dr. George Paletta.
Reyes went 3-0 in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria, Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis. He struck out 44 in 23 innings.
"This was the first time he's had to work," Matheny said. "All those minor league rehab starts he had barely had anybody on base. So, he had to bear down. Didn't give up any runs. His stuff looked right. His stuff looked good."
Arcia was recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs. He was sent down to work on his batting and was surprised at being recalled so soon.
"Things weren't going my way and they wanted me to go down there to work on my hitting and reset everything." Arcia said through a translator. "Thankfully, things were starting to go a lot better."
He looked pretty good in the seventh. With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Josh Hader struck out the side in the eighth and got two outs in the ninth, and Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for his fifth save in seven chances.
Milwaukee went 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position, but the NL Central leaders still improved to 19-8 in May, setting a team record for wins in the month. Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
MAKING MOVES
Reyes was reinstated from the 60-day disabled list. Right-hander Mike Mayers was optioned to Memphis, and right-hander Dominic Leone was transferred to the 60-day DL. Leone has been out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cardinals: Fowler returned to the starting lineup after missing three games with a bruised right knee. He was hit by a pitch Saturday at Pittsburgh. ... LF Marcell Ozuna was a late scratch and replaced by Tyler O'Neill. Ozuna pinch-hit in the ninth and walked.
Brewers: SS Tyler Saladino (left ankle sprain) was placed on the 10-day DL. He got hurt Tuesday night. Eric Sogard started in his place, and Arcia took over in the seventh.
UP NEXT
Cardinals: RHP Jack Flaherty (2-1, 2.15 ERA) is scheduled to make his third career start against Pittsburgh on Friday. RHP Trevor Williams (5-3, 3.43 ERA) starts for the visiting Pirates.
Brewers: RHP Chase Anderson (4-3, 4.42 ERA) faces the Chicago White Sox on Friday night in the opener of an eight-game trip. He beat the White Sox 5-1 for Arizona in his major league debut on May 11, 2014.
LEXINGTON, Ky. — PJ Washington will return to Kentucky after withdrawing from the NBA draft, while his Wildcats teammate Wenyen Gabriel has decided to turn pro.
The Wildcats are still awaiting Jarred Vanderbilt's decision on whether the freshman forward will return to school or remain in the draft.
Washington, who participated in the NBA combine, posted a video on his social media accounts Wednesday that ended with the words "I'M BACK." The 6-foot-7 Dallas native will be the Wildcats' top returning scorer and rebounder next season after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds in 37 games as a freshman in 30 starts.
The 6-9 Gabriel was not invited to the combine but said in a video on his Twitter account that after receiving positive feedback, his dreams of being a professional "are that much closer to reality." He averaged 6.8 points and 5.4 rebounds last season.
Benching Mbappe a club decision, says Monaco boss Jardim
Kylian Mbappe's omission from Monaco's 4-1 Ligue 1 victory over Dijon was described as "a club decision" by head coach Leonardo Jardim.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 01:15 IST
Monaco striker Kylian Mbappe
Monaco boss Leonardo Jardim says leaving Kylian Mbappe on the bench for the victory over Dijon was "a club decision".
The 18-year-old was an unused substitute for the champions' 4-1 victory on Sunday that saw them keep up their winning start to the Ligue 1 season.
Mbappe picked up an injury in last week's 3-2 win over Toulouse and was not risked during the routine triumph at Stade Gaston Gerard, in which Radamel Falcao scored a hat-trick and Jemerson was also on target.
However, his exclusion from the side has encouraged further speculation over his future, with Paris Saint-Germain reportedly close to striking a deal to take him to Parc des Princes.
But Jardim insists it was important to give fringe players a chance to earn some game time before the Champions League group stages begin in September.
"It's a club decision not to have him start the game," Jardim told a news conference.
"In the end, the game went smoothly and I gave the opportunity to other players to help make the building of the team more effective.
"In the coming months, with the Champions League, we'll need everyone. We have to give rhythm to those who aren't often used."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You stole £3.2billion last year. Not you, singular (probably) – all of you... and not in cash, in food. I know, boring.
Research has found that theft from supermarkets using self-service tills has doubled over the last four years.
Plus now you're not just ­“forgetting” to swipe some items, you're selecting the option for a cheap vegetable when weighing an expensive one, and swapping barcode stickers over.
The people getting up to this kind of behaviour would never dream of stealing from a shop normally, but this has somehow become acceptable shoplifting. And I'll tell you how.
For however long you're in a supermarket, scanning and packing, how are you any different from the store's employees? Exactly – you're not.
You're working for them. So why shouldn't you get paid, like you would for any other job? ­Obviously only in line with the hours you've put in – which, let's face it are probably minutes at best – but still.
Quid pro quo... or less than a quid, if it wasn't your big shop.
(Image: iStockphoto)
I think this is fine... but I won't be joining you. Not because of morals, ethics or anything worthy like that – because whenever I do anything I shouldn't, I get caught.
Immediately.
If I pretended avocados were carrots, or even selected one bag when I really had two, that would be the day they were doing a spot check at the door and sending the offenders straight to death row.
And they wouldn't even need to check my shopping, either, they would know just from looking at me, because along with terrible luck, I also have a guilty face.
This is not a winning combination for a life of crime. I have never successfully lied to my mum – ever.
Not when I was an innocent child or a ­calculating teenager or anywhere in between... she could always tell instantly.
(Image: PA)
When all my ­school friends were nicking stuff from Woolworths, I got caught by the store ­detective the first time I joined in.
She decided to make an example of me, so called the police to tell them about my haul (a can of ­hairspray, one pink frosted lipstick) who gave me a caution after seven hours in a cell.
When I got a bad school report age 14, I knew I was dead meat if my parents saw it. I had to get rid.
Why I decided I had to burn it I can't quite remember, but that's what I did, under a bush in the garden, stamping out the ashes and literally covering my tracks with mud. I remember being quite pleased with myself.
That feeling wore off when my dad got home from work and asked if I had any idea why a bush and the garden fence were currently on fire.
Needless to say, my mouth said no, but my stupid old face instantly made a full confession.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
And to think, if I'd have just thrown the report in a bin on the way home, my parents would never have known about it and been able to get that copy from my teacher.
So enjoy the fruits and ­cut-price vegetables of your ­supermarket labour, while I toil away next to you for free. You'd better not even meet my eye, to be on the safe side.
Guilty face syndrome could well be contagious.
SHICKSHINNY — Lena Zimmerman does not know how to swim, so she always brings her pink inner tube to the annual Polar Bear Plunge on Shickshinny Lake.
This year, the Harveyville resident took the plunge first with the words “Last Time” written in black marker on her trusted tube.
“So nobody can talk me into doing it again next year,” Ms. Zimmerman said. She's taken the plunge for the past three years at the annual Freezin' for a Reason event held by Glenn Schaffer on his lakeside property.
Mr. Schaffer said divers give donations before leaping off his dock to support Give Kids the World Village, a resort that caters to children with life-threatening diseases.
“It's give as you feel, give from the heart,” Mr. Schaffer said. “It's a fun thing to do and it supports a great cause.”
Mr. Schaffer took the first jump with Ms. Zimmerman and emerged from the brisk lake smiling to encourage the rest of the participants.
“It's ... cold,” he said. “It's probably about 33 degrees. This is brutal on the body but it's fun.”
Jumpers Sara Grier of Shickshinny and Paul Binskofski of Dunmore warmed themselves up after the plunge by a large, roaring bonfire near the edge of the lake.
Ms. Grier and her husband live on the lake and have participated in the plunge for the past four years.
“It's a great community event,” she said.
Mr. Binskofski came to cross something off his bucket list. He said he'd probably do a polar bear plunge again.
Participants warmed up by the fire, grabbed hotdogs from the grill and talked with neighbors after the initial plunge. Mr. Schaffer said the event has grown far beyond how it started as something for his family to do on New Year's Day.
“It's exciting ... here we are doing something way different,” he said. “Every year it gets bigger and bigger.”
Contact the writer:
sscinto@citizensvoice.com,
@sscintoCV on Twitter
These 5 questions may well get you exactly the talent you're looking for.
May 30, 2018 7 min read
Many successful businesses have begun with a brilliant idea, a clear vision of the problem it solves and a determined founder -- eBbay and Amazon being two such examples.
Related: 7 Interview Questions To Help You Hire Superstars
Yet, while resourceful entrepreneurs can accomplish a lot on their own -- especially during the initial startup phase -- once their idea gains traction, building a team becomes a necessity.
Numerous venture capitalists and investors believe that the strength of a startup's core team, rather than the product itself, is the more crucial factor for their deciding whether to back a business. After all, there are far more good ideas in the world than successful businesses. So, when it comes to achieving startup success, your ability to execute and adapt will be crucial.
A strong management team will give you the ability to do just that.
Still, how do you hire he right peoples? Qualifications and experience paint an important part of the picture for any potential hire and play a valuable role in narrowing the field of applicants. But to truly determine whether someone is a good fit -- and not just on paper -- the interview process is vital.
According to an article in Inc., companies like Facebook and Google are known to employ interview questions like, “How many Big Macs does McDonald's sell each year in the U.S.?" and, “If you could only choose one song to play every time you walked into a room for the rest of your life, what would it be?"
Related: 10 Questions to Ask When Hiring an SEO Consultant
While quirky questions like these have their place and can showcase prospects' ability to think on their feet, they are no substitute for more substantive interview questions. Here are five such questions you should ask when interviewing team members for your startup.
1. What single project or task would you consider your most significant accomplishment in your career to date?
Lou Adler, who started the performance based hiring movement, and is author of Hire With Your Head, has spent the better part of three decades developing hiring strategies. Adler went in search of the single most effective question to ask in a job interview. After a decade of research, he said he'd found it.
The above question's power lies not only in the insight it gives into a candidate's previous experience, and what he or she values most about it, but also the wealth of follow-up questions it can lead to.
Some follow-ups that Adler recommends include:
What were the three to four most significant challenges you faced and how did you deal with them?
Where did you go the extra mile or take the initiative?
What aspects of the project did you truly enjoy?
How did you change and grow as a person?
Adler suggests that, with the effective use of follow-up questions, this is the only interview question you need to ask because it opens up so many avenues to explore.
2. Is it better to be perfect and late, or good and on time?
This question is founded on the principle that while the pursuit of perfection may appear an admirable goal, in reality, it is impossible to achieve. No matter what you're creating, your creation can always be tweaked and improved, particularly when it relies on adoption and use by other people.
Paralysis induced by the quest for perfection may be particularly damaging for startups, where the emphasis is often on building a minimum viable product and failing fast can be considered an asset. For most startups, “good and on time” is the more desirable answer to this question.
3. If you could start your own business, what would it be and why?
Would you really want to hire a candidate who delivers a brilliant answer to this question? Doesn't this indicate that this person may wish to run his or her own startup rather than help take yours to the next level? Ignore those concerns. Your startup needs as many “intrepreneurs” as it can find.
According to a study in the Harvard Business Review, intrepreneurs share the following traits:
Money Is not the measurement. Compensation is important to everyone, but for intrepreneurs, it is not the most crucial factor. Intrepreneurs greatly value the freedom to innovate and improve.
A readiness to pivot. Interpreneurs think on their feet and are unafraid to reevaluate and shift dramatically from current plans and strategies if the situation warrants it.
Ownership. Intrepreneurs thrive on taking ownership of their responsibilities and executing them to the best of their abilities.
Eyes on the future. Predicting what comes next and acting on it comes naturally.
"Greenhousing." Intrepreneurs often allow ideas to germinate and develop before they share them; they then arrive with fleshed-out plans and solutions.
Doesn't a team member who exhibits these qualities sound like a great potential asset for your growing startup? These questions can help you find him or her.
4. Describe the work environment or culture in which you are most productive and happy.
Serial startup entrepreneur Jordan Ritter, co-founder of Napster and Cloudmark, has written that culture -- more so than the ability to master new skills and existing technical skills and abilities -- is the most crucial factor to consider when you hire a new team member.
Does the candidate share the same values, mindset and ethos as you and other members of your team and business? This is not something that can be taught, or -- in the long run -- faked.
Startup environments are typically highly demanding and require team members to get into the trenches together. If, in answering this question, your candidate is clearly happiest in a tightly structured environment with a high degree of managerial oversight, he or she may not be the best cultural fit, regardless of technical ability and experience.
5. Do you have any questions for me?
In today's world, there are countless resources available for researching potential employers, but in the early stages, your startup is unlikely to have a robust presence on GlassDoor. Any legitimate candidate will have done as much research as possible on your brand, your product and your plans for the future, but there may be little information publicly available.
A well-prepared candidate should have a wealth of informed questions at his or her fingertips. The questions this person seems most invested in can tell you a lot. If the very first thing asked about is compensation and paid holidays, perhaps this candidate may not be the best fit for your growing business, with its demanding hours.
Turning the tables and having applicants ask the questions can also gain you valuable insight into their personality and interpersonal skills.
Related: 17 Questions to Ask When Interviewing a Potential Virtual Assistant
Final thoughts
Interviewing is an art form and one at which you will get better with practice. These five questions are a great starting point for helping you find the team members to take your startup to the next level.
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
As a Medical Exercise Specialist, I see many challenging clients on a daily basis. They range from those who are deconditioned and trying to manage a chronic medical condition, to elite fitness participants looking for an edge. A common thread is that everyone has "something," whether it be tendinitis, arthritis or just some type of old injury. I've had surgery on my elbows, my hands, my left knee and my right shoulder. While I can do a lot, without proper planning and progression, I find myself in pain due to an aggravation of an old injury. For this reason, maintenance exercises are part of my weekly routine along with more aggressive training for strength and fitness.
One of the most meaningful lessons I learned as a newly certified Medical Exercise Specialist in 1996, was the difference between fitness training, post-rehab training and medical exercise. Fitness training is what is performed by apparently healthy individuals with the intention of becoming stronger, fitter, more flexible and leaner. Post-rehab training takes place when a client is referred directly from physiotherapy, chiropractic or medical care. These clients are in need of more intense exercise and are no longer appropriate candidates for physiotherapy, but may be left with "deficits" such as weakness, low aerobic fitness, high blood pressure or a variety of other conditions. The service I provide them is a "bridge" between health care and fitness, ultimately working toward independence.
While post-rehab clients come directly from therapy to fitness, medical exercise clients are removed from therapy or a diagnosis by more than one year. In most cases, they have learned to live with an old injury that flares up on occasion and would like to enhance their well-being while improving the function of a specific area of their body.
Dr. Michael Jones, founder of the Medical Exercise Training Institute in Katy, Texas, has coined the phrase "Primary Medical Exercise Training Condition" for these clients who are somewhere between injured and healthy. He has identified the seven regions of the body that medical exercise can most help to stabilize while working on general fitness. The regions are; the shoulders, knees, ankles, hips, neck/upper back, lumbar and the elbow.
In my practice, it is most common to see people with problems in their shoulders, knees and lower backs. Over the next several weeks, I will be addressing each region individually, outlining the most common conditions affecting each and explaining how they can be managed within a comprehensive fitness plan.
In the meantime, I wanted to provide a bit of an update on my situation.
Readers of this column will know that I had significant shoulder surgery in 2016 to repair torn rotator cuffs and a deteriorated joint. My recovery was long, but, ultimately successful. While I couldn't bench press an unloaded bar one time prior to surgery, I pressed 200 pounds this week for multiple repetitions. Unfortunately, being able to lift heavy weights again meant that my other shoulder (which also has a small tear in it) became very sore and seemed to be headed toward surgery as well. As a result, I decided to take time off from weight lifting to allow for a reduction of inflammation and pain and focused on strengthening my rotator cuffs using moves that I learned in physiotherapy. These exercises are notoriously boring but I stuck with them and started to feel better.
Over time, I got back to my regular weight lifting routine and made the physiotherapy movements a regular, consistent part of my weekly exercise plan. The result is that I no longer have any shoulder pain and am I lifting heavier than I have in years. The lesson that I learned from this experience was to not drop the exercises once I started to feel better. They are now part of my day, like flossing. Not exciting, but, extremely valuable.
Medical Exercise Specialist Ernie Schramayr helps his clients manage medical conditions with exercise. You can follow him at erniesfitnessworld.com; 905-741-7532 or erniesfitnessworld@gmail.com.
Future Electronics, a global leading distributor of electronic components, and NXP, a world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications, are hosting a seminar on the i.MX RT Series Crossover Processor in Barcelona, Spain on July 5, 2018.
Low power application processors have now merged with high-performance microcontrollers. This free seminar workshop will introduce participants to the i.MX RT Series, the industry's first crossover processor, which includes the highest performance Arm® Cortex®-M core, real-time functionality and MCU usability, all at an affordable price.
The seminar will also include hands-on exercises where participants will be able to explore the features of this new product family. The i.MX RT 105x processors are based on the Cortex M7 core, which guarantees a very high level of real-time performance. Because they do not include ﬂash memory, this allows a great deal of ﬂexibility in implementation at a very interesting cost.
Click here https://tinyurl.com/NXPRoadshow to register for the i.MX RT Series Workshop. For more information and to order from a wide range of embedded connectivity solutions, visit: www.FutureElectronics.com.
About Future Electronics
Future Electronics is a global leader in electronics distribution, ranking 3rd in component sales worldwide, with an impressive reputation for developing efficient, comprehensive global supply chain solutions, as well as differentiated engineering services encompassing technical support, technology training and custom board design. Founded in 1968 by Robert Miller, President, Future Electronics has established itself as one of the most innovative organizations in the industry today, with 5,500 employees in 169 offices in 44 countries around the world. Future Electronics is globally integrated, with one worldwide IT infrastructure providing real-time inventory availability and access, while enabling full integration of its operations, sales and marketing worldwide. Offering the highest level of service, the most advanced engineering capabilities and technical solutions through all stages of the design-production cycle, and the largest available-to-sell inventory in the world, Future's mission is always to Delight the Customer®. For more information, visit www.FutureElectronics.com.
Media Contact
Martin H. Gordon
Director, Corporate Communications
FUTURE ELECTRONICS
www.FutureElectronics.com
514-694-7710 (ext. 2236)
Fax: 514-630-2671
martin.gordon@FutureElectronics.com
###
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HARRISBURG, Pa. -- Scott Wagner, the Republican nominee for governor of Pennsylvania, is resigning from the state senate.
The state Republican party says Wagner, who represents part of York County, will leave his post early next week, in order to focus all his attention on this fall's race for governor against incumbent Democrat Tom Wolf.
Wagner's resignation is effective Monday, June 4.
Have your say
A missing man has been found after police issued an urgent appeal to find out his whereabouts.
West Yorkshire Police said Jordan Hazelgrave, 27, was found last night in the Gipton area of Leeds.
They were concerned for his welfare after Mr Hazelgrave was last seen in Bramley yesterday afternoon.
A police spokesman said: "A Leeds man who was previously the subject of a missing person appeal has been found overnight.
"Jordan Hazelgrave was located in the Gipton area of Leeds yesterday evening.
"The public and media are thanked for sharing an appeal for information about his whereabouts."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are just eight games left of the Championship season as ten sides aim for a place in the Premier League - including Bristol City.
Lee Johnson's side returned to form with a vital 1-0 home win over Ipswich Town on Saturday and the Robins are now seventh with 61 points from their 38 matches.
Middlesbrough is in the final play-off spot with 61 points, the same as Derby County who have a game in hand after their clash with Cardiff City was postponed on Sunday.
Now you can predict how the Championship season will finish.
There's still quite a few games for you to predict, so make sure your boss isn't watching, grab a cuppa and settle in as you plot City's road to the the Premier League.
All you need to do is click whether you think each game will be a home win, away win or draw and our gadget will do the rest.
Goals aren't recorded though, so if two teams tie on points it won't take goal difference into account.
Have a go below and let us know in the comments where the Robins finish in your prediction.
A look at Harry Redknapp's career so far
Dead rat thrown on pitch during derby in Denmark
John Terry set to leave Chelsea at the end of the
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp has revealed he took the Birmingham City job after a 10-15 minute meeting in London after growing bored at home.
Blues are in turmoil and hovering above the relegation zone and, as revealed by Mirror Sport on Monday night, the former Portsmouth and Tottenham boss arrives with the club just three points above the drop zone.
Gianfranco Zola resigned after suffering a damaging 2-0 defeat to fellow relegation-strugglers Burton Albion and Redknapp believes he can lead them to safety.
"I got a phone call last night from the people at Birmingham," Redknapp explained to talkSPORT. "I drove to London, had a meeting for ten to 15 minutes, sat down and said 'yeah, I will do it, no problem'. I got home and my wife said: 'are you mad!'"
"Birmingham is a proper club. It is a good club. They are in a precarious position and we have got the worst goal difference as well.
"I've gone in there said I will come and do it. The money I am not interested in. I got fed up sitting around doing nothing. I will come and live up here until the end of the season. If I can keep them up then we can sit down and talk about going forward."
(Photo: Getty)
Steve Cotterill will assist Redknapp in the dugout with Aston Villa in the derby on Sunday his first game in charge.
"You just hope you can get the results you need until you have the summer to put a team together to challenge for a play-off place," Redknapp added.
Blues Tweeted: "The Club is delighted to announce the appointment of Harry Redknapp as our new manager."
Redknapp has not worked as a manager since leaving the Jordanian national side but was a consultant at Derby County until the end of last season.
He has tasted success twice in the Championship, earning promotion with both QPR and Portsmouth, although his initial brief would be survival.
Redknapp's managerial career
Years Club 1983-92 Bournemouth 1994-2001 West Ham 2002-04 Portsmouth 2004-05 Southampton 2005-08 Portsmouth 2008-12 Tottenham 2012-15 QPR 2016 Jordan
Birmingham's remaining games
Aston Villa (a)
Huddersfield (h)
Bristol City (a)
Utah was 5 for 8 on 3-pointers in the first quarter, including two from Rubio over second-year player Dejounte Murray.
"He's just being more aggressive," Jazz centre Rudy Gobert said. "He's attacking the rim and finding his teammates. We just got to be in the right spot. He's a very good passer. He's doing a great job with that."
Jazz forward Royce O'Neale added 18 points, making all four of his 3-pointers in scoring a career high.
San Antonio struggled offensively in the first quarter as it did throughout the homestand.
"I can't figure it out," Aldridge said. "We've just got to come out with the intensity that we have in the second half in the first half. We've just got to find ways to get ourselves going early."
TIP-INS
Jazz: Alec Burks made his first start of the season. He finished with eight points and eight rebounds in 25 minutes. . Rodney Hood played 16 minutes after being listed as probable with a bruised lower leg. ... G Joe Johnson sat the game out to rest. ... The Jazz beat the Spurs 100-89 in Salt Lake City on Dec. 21.
Spurs: Murray became the first player since Kawhi Leonard with 500 points and 300 rebounds in his first 100 games with the Spurs. ... Brandon Paul did not play after being downgraded from questionable with back spasms. ... The Spurs' next home game is Feb. 28 against New Orleans.
ON THE ROAD AGAIN
The Spurs hit the road again for their annual sojourn in February, but they enter it under unusual circumstances.
San Antonio has struggled for much of the season, battling injuries to key players like Leonard, Tony Parker and Rudy Gay and trying to adapt to rotation changes.
"It feels like we have played 10 games not 60 or whatever we played," Ginobili said. "We've got a feeling that we're still building, trying to find our identity, trying to get players back, rotations and who's in and who's out. It's a very unusual situation. I don't remember being in anything like this in (his) 16 seasons, and the crazy thing is we're still third (in the West)."
JUST BETTER
The Jazz have the longest active winning streak in the NBA, which Gobert attributes to one thing.
"I think we're just better defensively," Gobert said. "It makes the offence better. We move the ball, we share the ball. Ricky's making shots. Just having fun.
UP NEXT
Jazz: At New Orleans on Monday night.
Spurs: At Phoenix on Wednesday night.
By Raul Dominguez, The Associated Press
Emergency services were called to an emergency incident in the Avon Gorge.
Police, ambulance and fire crews were called to a section of the gorge popular with climbers, shortly before midday on Friday, February 2.
An eyewitness described seeing emergency services on the cliffs and at the bottom of the Avon Gorge.
A spokeswoman for Avon Fire and Rescue Service confirmed that crews were assisting in a rescue operation after a climber fell down the cliff face.
She said: "We were called to the Circular Road, Clifton to assist with an incident involving a climber who had fallen and is located halfway down the cliff face.
"They are thought to have head injuries and crews from Temple, Southmead and Bedminster are currently working with the coastguard air support to rescue the climber."
A spokeswoman for Avon and Somerset police said: "Officers were called to assist other emergency services with a medical incident at 11.48am."
Two air ambulances from the Great Western Air Ambulance Charity and the coastguard helicopter were sent to the scene.
Read what happened below.
Andro Plus Male Enhancement after the short time and need to be replenished. Some are harder to get a food we eat. These products are easy to take and contain every single piece of these essential ingredients which never in order to worry. Jump at the same time and just try and dunk while and try to reach out to the mobiles. If you have reached the rim consider adding weight for body and gaze after jumping. http://www.strongtesterone.com/andro-plus-male-enhancement/
An acquaintance of the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un said he did not respond to advice to seek asylum in South Korea, a US broadcaster said Wednesday.
The South Korean resident in Malaysia told Radio Free Asia that he used to recommend that Kim Jong-nam go to South Korea rather than live in constant fear, as the Seoul government would protect him.
Kim Jong-nam, the elder half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, is surrounded by reporters at a Beijing airport on Feb. 11, 2007, in this photo released by The Associated Press. (Yonhap)
"But he just smiled mischievously without reacting to my recommendation," said the acquaintance who added that he frequently met Kim before the 45-year-old eldest son of late North Korean leader Kim Jong-il was killed in Malaysia.Kim Jong-nam died at an airport in Malaysia on Tuesday after being attacked by two unidentified women with "poisoned needles," said a government source with knowledge of the situation. The suspects fled the scene and Malaysian police suspect North Korea was behind the killing.Kim's acquaintance lamented not asking him more strongly about seeking asylum in South Korea, RFA said.He also said Kim was accompanied by security guards sent by China every time he went on a trip, wondering whether the guards were at the scene of the murder and mentioning the need to confirm the whereabouts of a Chinese-Singaporean woman who used to travel with Kim.According to RFA, the South Korean friend of Kim Jong-nam, a former senior official of the South Korean residents' group in Malaysia, said he had dined with Kim many times when he made trips to the Southeast Asian country, expressing his feelings that he was shocked by the news of Kim's death.I have never heard of Kim since the summer last year, when our meeting at a restaurant was exposed to news media," the acquaintance said. (Yonhap)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An innocent youth worker's libel claim against a former UKIP branch chairman resumed amid accusations that Islamophobia was "tolerated" in a local party.
Zahir Monir, 38, of Rotherham, is suing for substantial damages over a tweet which wrongly identified him as a "suspended child grooming taxi driver".
Via retweets and reposts on Facebook, the Bristol UKIP tweet made it all the way to his neighbours in Yorkshire, he says.
Mr Monir says it led to him being subjected to abuse outside his child's school, his house being egged and vicious comments posted about him online.
He is suing Steve Wood, claiming that, although he did not personally pen it, the then Bristol branch chairman is legally responsible for the tweet.
Mr Wood, 57, who has since left his post, denies any responsibility for the tweet, blaming his former campaign manager, John Langley.
Mr Monir's barrister, Julian Santos, told the High Court that Mr Langley - who is not a party to the case or represented - had posted "many" offensive tweets.
Using the Bristol branch Twitter account, he posted "Islamophobic material" on a regular basis between February and April 2015, he claimed.
But giving evidence, the city's first UKIP councillor, Michael Frost, said Mr Langley acted "autonomously and completely off his own back".
He said there was a system whereby Mr Langley should have run any messages past party leaders before posting them online.
"Although he was told, he never actually did it. He was pretty much his own man," he said.
He added: "He stands wholly responsible for all of this."
Claiming he could come up with a list of eight or nine offensive tweets from Mr Langley, Mr Santos suggested the branch was "prepared to tolerate" Islamophobic material.
"We weren't. It was a question of what to do about it," said Mr Frost, before explaining what he did when he discovered one particular offensive posting.
"The first thing I did was phone John Langley very angrily and tell him to take it down, which he did," he told the judge.
He said only Mr Langley had access to the social media account passwords, so removing material was difficult.
Earlier, the court heard the tweet at the centre of the case came days before the May 2015 General Election in which Mr Wood stood as a candidate.
(Image: Michael Lloyd)
It included a photo of Labour MP for Rotherham, Sarah Champion, flanked by two men, one of them Mr Monir, with the caption: "Sarah champion labour candidate for Rotherham stood with 2 suspended children grooming taxi drivers DO NOT VOTE LABOUR".
The tweet was eventually deleted weeks later, but Mr Monir claims the damage was already done as it had spread widely.
Defending the libel claim on Mr Wood's behalf, barrister David Hirst denies that Mr Wood was in any way responsible for the tweet, to which he had "no input".
He said Mr Wood had a "general zero tolerance prohibition on any form of racism or xenophobic conduct".
The High Court hearing continues.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Old school real-time strategy games were all the rage back in the early nineties and noughties, when Total Annihilation, Command and Conquer and Age of Empires ruled computer screens.
Award-winning games label Team17 and developers Petroglyph are hoping to cash in on that nostalgia with their latest offering Forged Battalion, a retro-inspired RTS set in the post apocalyptic 21st Century.
If you think this sounds like a typical and rehashed format for these types of games you wouldn't be wrong, but Forged Battalion tries to fix this by adding a slight twist to the mix.
This time it's how you utilise the crafting system which counts and could be what turns the tide of a losing battle.
But familiarity seems to be Forged Battalion's strongest advantage as the hotkeys and controls are incredibly familar.
From the get-go I knew exactly what to do, what to build, and what the likely build order would be to unlock structures and units.
In fact, unless you're a complete novice when it comes to RTS games then you won't really need the tutorial, which honestly isn't great to begin with.
Gameplay
As I said before, it's fairly straightforward and pretty much your standard format of build a refinery, power plant, barracks, light vehicle factory, comm center, heavy factory, air factory, and finally super-weapon sequence.
Forged Battalion features a single-player mode with a campaign currently consisting of 7 missions, each unlocked as you complete the previous mission on a certain difficulty.
Skirmish maps can hold up to 8 players on each map, who can be human or AI players.
Moreover, every action in the game rewards you with research points, like destroying an enemy building or enemy units, construction of buildings, or the training of units.
Technologies give you more options for unit customisation.
Customisation may be the main selling point, and whilst it is limited at the start, it does allow players to build an army of their choice which adds a fun element of creativity to the way they wage war.
The biggest issue for me is the story campaign which involves taking on a group called The Collective.
It's a fairly generic story with a bad guy trying to control the world, with you playing as the resistance attempting to defend it so that peace can eventually be restored.
Honestly though, in a game like this, the campaign is not the main attraction, it's the multiplayer mode which will hopefully give it some longevity.
Verdict
This mode is already brimming with maps and a variety of game modes including HQ Destruction and Annihilation to delve into.
The graphics won't blow you away, but the 2D graphics mixed with 3D adds a little cartoon spice to it.
Overall, it's a well put together good time for old-time RTS players. Petroglyph were never going to break the mould with this one but it's still early days so there's a lot to be added and changed.
It may not have lived up to everything I wanted it to be, but what's there is fun, and if the developers listen to their player's feedback effectively, in six months time this could be one of the better RTS titles released in recent years.
Forged Battalion (£15.49): PC
A Steam copy of this game was provided by the publisher for review purposes. You can find all our reviews on OpenCritic .
Mo Salah produced one of the all-time great European performances to put Liverpool within touching distance of the Champions' League final.
But a unlikely, improbable comeback from Roma as they scored two late goals has left the Italians dreaming of another impossible result in the eternal city next week.
Eusebio Di Francesco's men know that the same stunning 3-0 win they miraculously earned against Barça in the previous round will put them through the final, despite being left out for the count on another amazing Champions' League night.
If Roma's fight-back took the gloss over what was until the last 10 minutes one of Liverpool finest-ever European nights, then it should not detract from Salah's masterpiece.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
Not content with his one-man assault on the English goal-scoring records, the Egyptian King is not set about world domination after this stunning display posted notice to Messi and Ronaldo he is coming after them.
The forward took his season's tally to an astonishing 43 goals with two breath-taking first half finishes, and then he proved he is far more than a goal-mouth poacher, with an unselfish vision to gift goals for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino after the break.
When Firmino added a fifth from a corner with a stunning header, it left hapless Roma out for the count on the Anfield turf, and Liverpool considering an eighth European Cup final.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: PA)
But just as Reds fans were booking their flights to Kiev, events again conspired to leave Liverpool fearing the return leg on Rome next week, as Edin Dzeko pulled one back with a cool finish nine minutes from time.
And then referee Felix Brych – no stranger to controversy, gave another hugely debatable decision when he awarded a penalty for handball against James Milner with five minutes remaining.
It was harsh in the extreme with the ball seeming to strike the midfielder from close range, but sub Diego Perotti's finish from the spot gives Roma something to fight for in the second leg.
Salah though, will be confident of scoring again in Rome to finish the job, as his former team-mates looked fearful of his every move, after a world class display.
"Some people say that was a bad post, but I still look at it as a very positive post because it gave us a wider audience to follow up with an anti-drinking and driving message, which is what that message was in the first place," he said.
Hartlen said the Facebook page has given them the platform to talk about important messages and reach people well beyond the town's borders.
He said if they have a funny message one day, then they can do something more serious the next day.
Earlier this year, the force posted a video describing the dangers of eating laundry detergent pods.
The force did a Facebook Live post with a veterinarian inside an enclosed car on a hot day to talk about what was happening. They also did one on the dangers of the drug fentanyl, which has gotten about two-million views.
Hartlen said while his initial efforts at humour raised some eyebrows with his bosses, they see the benefits of getting people to visit the website on a regular basis.
"When you get the comical posts, people will keep following. Then you have the opportunity to do the serious posts," he said.
Alek Minassian's Facebook account posted about an "incel rebellion" hours before the Toronto van attack took place.
An "incel," or "involuntary celibate," usually refers to a man who lacks romantic relationships with women.
The post also hailed Elliot Rodgers, a man who identified himself as "incel" before killing six people and himself.
The Facebook account of Alek Minassian, the suspect behind the Toronto van attack on Monday, threatened an "incel rebellion" in a post hours before the attack took place.
The now-deleted post from Minassian's account, posted on Monday, read:
"Private (Recruit) Minassian Infantry 00010, wishing to speak to Sgt 4chan please. C23249161.
The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!"
Catherine McDonald, a crime reporter at Global News TV channel in Toronto, shared a photo of the post:
What 'incel' is
"Incel" is short for "involuntary celibate," and usually refers to a man who has failed to interact with women, and lacks romantic relationships and sex. Men who identify this way have a history of advocating for rape and violence against women.
Elliot Rodger, the man to whom Minassian appeared to pledge allegiance, shot himself in the head after killing six people — three of whom via stabbing — in Isla Vista, California, in 2014.
Before his rampage, Rodger wrote a 140-page manifesto and recorded a video in which he lashed out at women for rebuffing him, and justified his attack as an act of "retribution." He also appeared to identify as incel in online posts before his death.
Reddit banned the r/Incel community, a self-styled incel "support group," last year as part of its promise to crack down on content promoting and glorifying violence against people. Many of r/Incel's posts called for rape and violence against women, and referred to Rodgers as "Saint Elliot."
Minassian's connection
Facebook confirmed to Global News reporter Catherine McDonald on Tuesday that Minassian's post was authentic, and that it has deleted his Facebook account.
When the post and Minassian's account were deleted remains unclear. Business Insider has contacted Facebook for clarification.
Minassian was charged on 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder on Tuesday morning. Police say the motive remains unclear.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tens of thousands of people may be sitting on valuable family heirlooms without realising, according to one of the world's biggest auction houses.
There have been meteoric rises in the prices of antique and vintage jewellery and gemstones, says Bonhams, with some rare stones increasing in value by 1,000 per cent.
Coloured diamonds, sapphires, rubies and emeralds, as well as antique jewellery from the 1920s and 1930s, have risen in price significantly over the past decade.
Analysing lots sold at auction, Bonhams has reported a 970 per cent price increase for sapphires, a 1,100 per cent increase for rubies and a 1,900 per cent price increase for emeralds.
Prices for Art Deco pieces (1920s and 1930s) and Belle Époque jewellery (1890 to 1915) have soared by a remarkable 72 per cent since 2007.
Antique jewellery has risen by 54 per cent and jewellery from the post-war era (1945-1975) has risen by 89 per cent during the same period, according to new data released by Art Market Research this week.
Such rises mean many owners may be sitting on jewellery they rarely wear or may have inherited that is worth far more than they realise.
Jean Ghika, global director of Bonhams Jewellery, said: “Investors are rapidly recognising the opportunities of collecting jewellery and, in the process, driving up prices of an already limited commodity.”
As a result, Bonhams is helping people establish if they have a piece of value.
Through their website, jewellery owners have the option to upload a picture of their jewellery from their mobile phone, tablet or computer to help Bonhams experts ahead of a valuation meeting.
Bonhams is also offering free up-to-date market valuation at its offices this month so people can take their jewellery to be valued.
Ghika added: “The greatest price gains are being seen with fancy coloured diamonds, exceptional colourless diamonds, Burmese rubies, Colombian emeralds, Kashmir and Ceylon sapphires, natural pearls, as well as pieces of jewellery from key eras such as the Art Deco period and certain contemporary designers.”
According to newly released data from the Knight Frank Luxury Investment Index, which tracks the price growth of 10 luxury investment sectors over the past 12 months, jewellery is a consistently strong performer.
The research shows that jewellery as an alternative asset class increased by 138 per cent in the last 10 years.
Jean Ghika adds: “We are opening up our doors virtually through our Bonhams Jewels website and will also be conducting a series of valuations up and down the country.
“We would love to see what gems and pieces of jewellery people have tucked away in their jewellery boxes and in safe deposit boxes.
“Now is a great time to get an up-to-date valuation and it could be a valuable start to 2018 for those who don't realise the value.”
Top 10 list of jewels that perform well at auction
Coloured diamonds
Rubies
Colourless diamonds/white diamonds
Sapphires
Emeralds
Belle Epoque/Art Deco jewellery
Designer jewellery such as Cartier, Van Cleef & Arpels, Suzanne Belperron, Tiffany
Natural pearls
Artist jewellery
Spinels
All of the new greasy, meaty and cheese-covered menu items at the Air Canada Centre
All of the new greasy, meaty and cheese-covered menu items at the Air Canada Centre
Just in time for the new Maple Leafs and Raptors seasons, the ACC has introduced a bunch of new menu items, including some from Toronto favourites like Porchetta and Co., Flock Rotisserie and Fidel Gastro. Here, all of the new concession stand snacks to help keep you full throughout the game.
Egg rolls and vegetable spring rolls
Vendor: Golden Palace
Section: 110
The “famous” opened-ended egg rolls and veggie spring rolls from Ottawa's iconic Chinese restaurant.
Brisket sandwich
Vendor: Real Sports BBQ Pit
Section: 110
Barbecue brisket topped with cheddar cheese, lettuce and a roasted garlic aïoli. Served with a side of Hawaiian slaw.
Pulled pork sandwich
Vendor: Real Sports BBQ Pit
Section: 110
Pulled pork topped with bacon, shredded pickles and Swiss cheese, on rosemary focaccia. Served with a side of mac-and-cheese balls.
The Chairman's Chicken
Vendor: Food Junction
Sections: 108, 120, 312 and 323
Fried chicken tossed in a spicy honey-garlic sauce, topped with Asian slaw and buttermilk ranch dressing, and served on a sesame seed bun.
Reuben Roll-Up Dog
Vendor: Hogtown Gourmet Hot Dogs
Sections: 112 and 320
A foot-long hot dog topped with Montreal smoked meat, sauerkraut and A Thousand Island dressing, fully encased within grilled flatbread.
Prime Time Fries
Vendor: Lord of the Fries
Section: 120
Fries topped with shaved prime rib, house-made gravy, dijon horseradish aïoli and crispy onions.
Jalapeno Popper Burger and the Smokeshow
Vendor: St. Patties
Section: 122
The jalapeño popper burger (left) is exactly what it sounds like: a burger with a molten middle of spicy cheese. The Smokeshow burger is topped with applewood-smoked bacon, smoked provolone and smoked barbecue sauce.
Lamb shawarma and a chickpea-and-tahini wrap
Vendor: Sorta Shawarma
Sections: 107 and 308
The lamb shawarma (left) is stuffed with Italian-style lamb sausage, spicy peppers, onions, mozzarella and garlic aïoli. The veggie option is made with fried-and-spiced chickpeas, lettuce, tomato, sweet corn, pickles, tahini and tandoori sauce.
Veggie burritos, wraps and salads
Vendor: Freshii
Section: 101
The two vegetarian wraps on offer (which also come in salad form) include the Buffalo (like chicken-less wings) and the Fiesta (Mexican flavours, obviously). The two burritos are the Tex-Mex (self explanatory) and the Smokehouse (all things smoked).
Veggie bowls
Vendor: Freshii
Section: 101
There's the Pangoa (brown rice, lotsa veggies and a fiery barbecue sauce) and the Teriyaki Twist (brown rice, Asian veggies, crispy won tons, teriyaki sauce).
Pulled rotisserie chicken sandwich
Vendor: Flock Rotisserie
Sections: 120 and 323
Pulled rotisserie chicken, topped with avocado, romaine lettuce and a horseradish-beet-apple slaw, and served on a sesame milk bun.
Porchetta and Co. sandwiches
Vendor: Porchetta and Co.
Section: 120
There's the House Special Porchetta (porchetta, crackling, truffle sauce, parm, mustard, hot sauce), Nashville hot chicken (spicy fried chicken, lettuce, mayo, bread and butter pickles on white bread) and the pastrami banh mi (pastrami, hoisin barbecue sauce, pickled veggies, cilantro, mayo and chilies on a crusty roll).
Monte Cristo
Vendor: Fidel Gastro
Sections: 108 and 312
Shaved roast pork, ham, cheese, pickles, caramelized onions and mustard, covered in Monte Cristo batter and deep-fried.
Nacho platter
Vendor: Draught Deck
Section: 314
Fried nacho chips topped with sautéed bratwurst sausage, sauerkraut, spicy pickled banana peppers, cheese, smoked paprika and sour cream.
Pierogi platter
Vendor: Draught Deck
Section: 314
Potato- and cheddar-stuffed pierogis, topped with bratwurst bolognese, sauerkraut and smoked-paprika sour cream.
Sausage platter
Vendor: Draught Deck
Section: 314
Rickard's Red-braised bratwurst sausage, accompanied by house-made kielbasa, beer-washed cheese, pickles, sauerkraut, beer mustard and a soft pretzel (that happens to look like a cootie catcher).
Cocktails
Vendor: Draught Deck
Section: 314
Jurassic Juice (Ciroc Apple, pomegranate, lemonade), Maple Mule (Crown Royal, ginger beer, maple syrup), red or white sangria (Ciroc Red Berry, red or white wine, orange and cranberry juices) and the 150 Caesar.
Test Boost Elite have a right and healthy eating regimen save you your self from consuming starchy meals. starch without problems converts into carbohydrates and in extra into fats. of route fatty ingredients have to be avoided at the equal time. such meals aren't horrific but in Test Boost Elite extra they collect. the bulges on your belly and chest are usually made of fat deposits.refrain from drinking alcoholic drinks. avoid consuming beer particularly. alcohol lowers the manufacturing of male hormone testosterone. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
CHURCHILL, Man. — With winter looming and still no sign of a functioning rail line, some people in Churchill, Man., are talking about a blockade to try to force someone — either the federal government or rail line owner Omnitrax — into action.
The subarctic town of 900 people lost its only land connection to the outside world in the spring when severe flooding damaged the rail line. Since then, people and goods have had to be flown in at much higher cost.
Via Rail is planning to retrieve two locomotives and five passenger cars stuck in the town by loading them onto a ship, and residents are not pleased.
"If we do block (the train), we're not blocking it to hinder Via," Dave Daley, head of the Churchill Chamber of Commerce, said Thursday.
"Via has been a great friend to Churchill, they've invested a lot of money into promoting Churchill but ... what we're mad at is no communication (from the federal government)."
Omnitrax, which has been trying to sell the line to a First Nations consortium, has said it cannot afford the estimated $43 million in repairs. In July, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Omnitrax is legally obligated to maintain the rail line, but there has been little said since about any progress in the stalemate.
With winter temperatures that could throw a wrench into repair work just a few weeks away, people in Churchill are preparing for the likelihood of going through the winter with higher prices for food, fuel and other items.
Tourism has also taken a hit. Fewer people have booked trips to see the beluga whales and polar bears the town is famous for.
"Time is not on our side. We indicated right from the get-go ... that it was critical that we get started repairing the rail line," said Mayor Mike Spence.
Via Rail said in a statement this week it intends to put its locomotives and passenger cars on a barge in the coming weeks before the area's short ice-free shipping season ends.
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa seems like a pleasant person, but he reminds us of a used car salesman whenever he's selling his upcoming budget.
One who doesn't want you looking under the hood too closely while he's making his sales pitch.
On Thursday, Sousa boasted to The Empire Club in Toronto that his fifth budget on April 27 will demonstrate that, "Ontario is the leanest government with the lowest per-capita spending of any province."
Um, that's been true for Ontario governments going back decades.
Since Ontario has the largest population of any province, it also has the advantage of economies of scale when delivering public services.
The Bill Davis Progressive Conservative government, for example, made exactly the same boast in 1981-82 that Sousa made Thursday.
When the Liberals are in power, they always boast about delivering services at the lowest per-capita cost of any province.
When they're out of power, they always blame the party in power for not spending enough on government services. (In fairness, all parties do it.)
What Sousa didn't say is that the Liberals have more than doubled Ontario's debt to more than $300 billion since coming to power in 2003, which has made Ontario the most indebted sub-sovereign (non-national) borrower in the world.
He didn't say the auditor general and Ontario's Financial Accountability Office have warned the Liberals that they have plunged the province into precarious levels of debt.
Sousa claimed the Liberal scheme to borrow even more money from Ontario taxpayers to subsidize the electricity bills of hydro ratepayers -- even though they're the same people -- is "fairer because it doesn't ask today's generation alone to pay the entire freight."
That argument turns generations of fiscally prudent thinking -- that you don't stick future generations with huge bills to pay for today's services -- on its head.
Finally, Sousa repeated, for the umpteenth time, that this year's budget will be balanced, later adding along with "next year and the year after that."
Two problems. First, Sousa's promising to balance a budget that won't come down until after the next Ontario election in 2018.
Second, in 2003, then Liberal leader Dalton McGuinty promised before the election not to raise our taxes.
And we all remember what happened after he won.
Covered only in clay, Kim teased her new fragrance, KKW Body. Picture: Instagram
Covered only in clay, Kim teased her new fragrance, KKW Body. Picture: Instagram
KIM Kardashian has done it again.
The reality TV star turned beauty mogul has posted a number of nude photos on Instagram, pushing the limits of Instagram's nudity guidelines.
She first posted a topless picture, where only her arm is covering her bust and her face is out of the shot.
Kim knows exactly how to get people talking. Picture: Instagram
She followed this with what may be her most X-rated self-promotional shot ever.
The photo is of Kim's torso and lower-body, sans underwear or literally anything else. She leaves very little to the imagination - but then again, she wouldn't be the Kim we love if she did.
Kim Kardashian posted some of her most racy photos ever this week — to help sell her new perfume. Picture: Instagram
It's all to promote her new fragrance, KKW Body, which drops on April 30.
Teasing the perfume's release with a final photo of her naked body covered in clay, she wrote, "We took a mould of my body and made it a perfume bottle."
Speaking to Business of Fashion about the fragrance, Kardashian said: "The next fragrance I have coming out in May, KKW Body, is so amazing. It is a sculpture, basically, of my body,
"It's really cool. The scent is so good, I'm so proud of it. It smells to me like what I would think golden smells like, even though that's a colour and something that's just luminous."
A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian)
But the photos have some fans upset, with many commenting that she has taken it too far this time.
One Instagram user commented, "This is not okay!"
Another wrote: "I love her but this is [too] much! There is no need to expose everything like that honestly."
Still, whether you love her or hate you, you have to admire her commitment to brand consistency!
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
A tourist was stunned to see the divisive soft toys displayed in a souvenir store in one Australian shopping center and said that they should be taken off the shelves.
Hundreds of thousands of these dolls are sold each year in Australia, and the matter has spurred much controversy nationwide because of the doll's appearance.
"I was extremely surprised. I felt very ashamed to be Australian, to come here as a white person and see that, I mean it's 2018," said Soyla Echeverria, the tourist that stumbled into the store. She asked the manager to remove the dolls from the front display and even to take them off the shelves.
Henrietta Marrie, an indigenous rights advocate, supported Echeverria, saying that the sale of the controversial toys represented a wider cultural problem.
"It's a huge problem and it's laughable this is happening in the 21st century. It's the look, the connotation and the naming [of Golliwog dolls] which sends a negative message. Years ago it was an insult and it's still insulting to us. It gives a negative image about who we are and what we can do.”
Social media has been divided on the matter, with some sharing the stance of the aforementioned women, saying that such toys were unacceptable in this day and age…
This person on fb is defending golliwog dolls and believes this is a good argument that they aren't racist. This is the best oblivious comment in the thread. I have died. pic.twitter.com/Q3fpIrLq9N — Jet Blakk (@Jet_Blakk) 3 февраля 2018 г.
I believe thru education & listening to those impacted, that manufacturing, purchasing & supporting #golliwogdolls is widely offensive & harmful as a racist symbol
Even writing the word seems inappropriate. Apologies
Yr vote — Marc Bryant (@MarcJamesBryant) 3 февраля 2018 г.
While others said that it was a harmless toy, adored by millions around the globe, and there was nothing racist about it:
Oh please — 'Ashamed to be Australian': Tourist's outrage sparks Golliwog doll debate — Golliwog Dolls are adored by millions around the world #FFS get a grip. I'm going straight out to buy one, I'm going to make #GolliwogDolls & give them away — Susan #TeamTommy (@OZzSue1) 3 февраля 2018 г.
@Anna_Hartley1 seriously, she was ashamed to be an Aussie because of a golliwog? What about all the white dolls, now aren't they racist? — Peter Thomas (@petert0056) 3 февраля 2018 г.
Of all manufactured media outrage tabloid stories this is the most idiotic. Apart from the idea that all dolls be white, it ignores history. No wonder there's a revolt against PC nonsense. What next, banning of teddy bears? https://t.co/VlTqetPPUF via @abcnews — Ian Parry-Okeden (@IanParryO) 3 февраля 2018 г.
The soft toy manufacturer Elka defended the doll.
“Traditionally, in my childhood and most certainly my mother's, everyone had a golly and it was a beloved doll, it was so wholesome and lovely. People need to get a grip, it's a doll. We're talking about an innocent, benevolent, beautiful black doll,” said Jan Johnco, the company's sales manager.
Golliwog dolls are named after a blackface minstrel-like character in Florence Kate Upton's 1895 children's book, entitled “The Adventures of Two Dutch Dolls and a Golliwogg.”
After much debate, the Rochester City Council has approved revisions to the city's social media policy.
The original policy was first put in place last November, offering guidelines for city representatives on how to conduct themselves on city-run social media accounts.
Monday night, by a vote of six to one, the City Council approved the following changes:
First, personal social media accounts of city representatives will now be subject to the policy, not just city-operated accounts, according to Director of Human Resources Linda Hillenbrand, who wrote the policy.
Second, authority figures have been appointed to make decisions when someone files a complaint.
And lastly, volunteers who do clerical and miscellaneous work will no longer be subject to the policy. Those who must adhere to the policy are city council members, board members, commission members and city employees.
"Writing a social media policy is a very difficult challenge because you are trying to balance the interests of the city, the mission of the city, with the rights of our boards, our commission members and our employees relative to their free speech," said Hillenbrand.
Although the Rochester City Council approved the revisions, members expressed concerns that certain parts of the policy are too subjective. City officials acknowledged they will continue to tweak the policy to adapt to the changing times.
HCA (Hospital Corporation of America) East Florida Division is pleased to announce the appointment of Lee B. Chaykin as Chief Executive Officer of Aventura Hospital and Medical Center.
Mr. Chaykin has over 25 years of healthcare experience and has been with HCA for the past 23 years. Mr. Chaykin comes to Aventura Hospital and Medical Center from the HCA East Florida Division office where he served as VP of Business Development. Mr. Chaykin has previously served as CEO at Westside Regional Medical Center, Kendall Regional Medical Center and University Hospital and Medical Center. Mr. Chaykin has also held Chief Operating Officer positions at Central Florida Regional Hospital, Cedars Medical Center and Westside Regional Medical Center.
Mr. Lee B. Chaykin received both his Bachelor's degree and Master's degree in Health Services Administration, from Florida International University in Miami, Florida. Mr. Chaykin is a member of the American College of Healthcare Executives and is an active supporter of The United Way, The Boys and Girls Club of North Lauderdale, The University of Miami Transplant Foundation, and the University of Florida Global Health Project in the Yucatan. He also serves as Gubernatorial Appointee and Board Member of the State of Florida Correctional Medical Authority. Mr. Chaykin has been recognized by Rotary as a Paul Harris Fellow.
“Lee is a dedicated leader of great integrity and is well equipped to lead the Aventura Hospital Medical Center team aptly as they continue to expand and grow.” said Michael G. Joseph – CEO of HCA's East Florida Division.
Mr. Chaykin grew up in Ft. Lauderdale and resides now in Davie with his wife, Nalini and his son, Amar.
About Aventura Hospital
Aventura Hospital and Medical Center is a facility of HCA East Florida. HCA East Florida is the largest healthcare system in Eastern Florida and an affiliate of HCA Healthcare (HCA). HCA East Florida has 15 hospitals, multiple ambulatory surgery centers, urgent care centers, physician practices, imaging centers and free standing emergency care facilities, as well as a supply chain center and an integrated regional lab. Together, HCA East Florida employs more than 18,000 employees and has more than 6,600 physicians on staff. For more information, visit HCAEastFlorida.com.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A daring slackliner wowed crowds in Paris as he walked along a tightrope from the Eiffel Tower, suspended about 200ft above the River Seine.
Trapeze artist Nathan Paulin braved the journey along the narrow rope to Trocadero Square - a 2,198ft crossing - live on TV.
Photographs show the 22-year-old dangling upside down as crowds of people on tenterhooks watched from below.
It was a world first for the length of the journey in an urban environment, according to reports.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
Nathan already has many slacklining world records, the Daily Mail reports.
In a practice run, the daredevil took a tumble from the rope 260ft from the end.
But he managed to keep his balance and complete the stunt on live TV.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
The challenge was part of the 31st Telethon in France to raise money for research into rare diseases.
It was one of more than 50 events that took place including concerts and sports events.
July 19, 1979: When the curtain went up on “The Pajama Game” at the University of Scranton's student center, it revealed a new theater ensemble named Standing Room Only.
The group formed that March with an inclination toward musical productions.
“First and foremost, it is what local audiences enjoy, and secondly, it affords a greater number of people the opportunity to become involved in the production,” explained Joseph Barbuti, one of its producers.
“The Pajama Game” focuses on romances at a company called Sleep-Tite Pajama Factory in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. The cast included Cindy Genua, Warren Cox, Bill Bass, Sue Sherrod, Charles Dominick, Bill Timms, Carol Davis, Patricia Foresman and Rochelle Spizer. The show was directed by Walter R. Weber with choreography Bill Timms and musical direction by Patricia Schott. The ensemble donated a portion of its revenue to American Cancer Society.
Standing Room Only grew and continued performing around the area until 1995. In December 1979, the group presented a children's theater piece called “Aladdin.” Other shows included “Steppin' Down Broadway” musical revue in 1980, “Fiddler on the Roof” in 1981, “Hello, Dolly!” in 1982 and “How To Succeed in Business Without Really Trying” in 1983. In 1994, the group celebrated its 15th anniversary with a production of “Once Upon a Mattress” at Dunmore High School.
The group will hold a reunion for anyone who participated in any capacity on Saturday, Oct. 28, at La Buona Vita, 200 Reilly St., Dunmore. It opens with a cash bar at 5:30 p.m. followed by a buffet dinner and program. Tickets are $30.
Contact the writer: bfulton@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9140; @TTPagesPast on Twitter
If you go
What: Standing Room Only reunion
When: Saturday, Oct. 28, 5:30 p.m.
Where: La Buona Vita, 200 Reilly St., Dunmore.
Details: Tickets are $30 and include buffet dinner and program. Reserve by Wednesday, Oct. 25, at brownpapertickets.com/event/ 3093744. For more information, email
fplfjazz@gmail.com, call 570-585-6991 or visit the "SRO Reunion" event page on Facebook.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 70-year-old truck driver claims to have fathered 54 children with six wives - because when he was younger he "had to have sex daily".
Abdul Majeed Mengal, from Nushki, in Quetta, western Pakistan, has fathered tens of children in his lifetime.
Tragically, 12 of his children have died.
He now has 22 sons and 20 daughters.
"In the early days, my strength was good and I had to have sex daily." he said. "But some of my kids died. I worked hard and provided a good education to my older sons. But now I'm an old man these things are out of my hands."
Abdul married his first wife when he was 18-years-old and went on to marry five other women.
(Photo: Cover Asia Press)
(Photo: Cover Asia Press)
Alongside 12 of his children, he has lost two of his wives .
"They [the babies] were not getting enough milk and I was out of money so they died," he admitted. "One of my wives died alongside our baby. She was ill and because we didn't have any money she died. I was helpless and unemployed."
Abdul has worked all his life as a truck driver earning between 15,000 Pakistan Rupees (£115) and 25,000 Pakistan Rupees (£192) a month depending on the work available.
His oldest living son, Abdul Bari Mengal, is now 32-years-old, and has followed his father's footsteps as a truck driver to support the family.
Abdul and his oldest son are the only earning members of the family and their salaries have to feed the whole household.
The huge family live in a seven-room house where the children sleep separately with their respective mothers.
(Photo: Cover Asia Press)
(Photo: Cover Asia Press)
Pakistani men are permitted to marry up to four wives under Islam, though to do so they must seek permission from their first wife and an arbitration council. But activists insist women and children suffer the most in any polygamous marriage.
Abdul said he juggles the affections of each of his 42 children by taking turns to attend family events with each of them and their mothers.
The majority of Abdul's children are under 10 and his youngest, a daughter, is just two. He insists everyone lives in harmony.
He said: "We normally eat dal, ladyfinger and vegetables and around 100 rotis every meal time. This is the way we live. But we are managing somehow.
"Good clothes are costly so we rely on four to five rolls of fabric for the kids and we make clothes out of that."
(Photo: Cover Asia Press)
(Photo: Cover Asia Press)
Abdul admitted his ten remaining children do not go to school because he cannot afford the fees.
"I worked to ensure most of my kids got an education," he said. "But my older boys are struggling to get a job. They have graduated but can't find work. I provided an education but it's useless as they are unemployed. I pray they get jobs."
Abdul refuses to apply for any financial help even though he is getting older.
He added: "We manage somehow to raise the kids."
Pakistan's estimated population is currently at 194.9 million and allegedly has one of the highest birth rates in South Asia.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
That Jim Madigan was the exception to the rule in modern broadcast media says much about the man, and almost as much about the industry today.
Madigan's death at 65 was wrenching news for all who knew him, worked with him and were interviewed by him. Those lists were long: the WGBY host was the voice of the ordinary person and gave equal dignity to delivering both the day's biggest headlines and the everyday stories that make communities and people distinctive, interesting and fresh.
He was universally admired on both personal and professional levels. That is rare for media luminaries of any generation but especially in the current climate, where media personalities, as often as not, are easy targets who attract polarizing opinions.
How did Madigan take on controversial topics and moderate debates between partisan politicians, yet still manage to stay above it all? It was because he knew the price of not doing so - the cost of integrity, trust and a reputation for objectivity and fairness, the likes of which cannot be retrieved once they've been mortgaged for the sake of grabbing attention.
No one in local journalism had more humility than Madigan, but he was well aware of the atmosphere around him. He went into public television, he said, because "soundbites were getting shorter and shorter, and the chance to let someone sit and talk, and express a full idea, was just greater in public TV."
Madigan's many skills included a great knack and respect for listening. He didn't need to read verbatim from prepared notes because he was paying attention to what the guest was saying. That made the conversation all the more worthwhile.
Above all else, Madigan conveyed a basic human decency. That should be a given among those with similarly important responsibilities, but especially in today's overheated society, it sadly is not.
As the region feels the void left by his passing after lung disease, why aren't there more like him? Part of it is generational; those who enter the field in the age of social media and 24/7 news must wonder if Madigan's patience, calm disposition and confidence in the viewing audience will resonate enough to be heard.
Madigan understood that, too, but he never compromised his vision of how a professional broadcaster should act. This approach carried the risk of appearing outdated in today's fast-paced age, and he knew that, too -- but he believed integrity and sincerity never come with an expiration date, and he was right.
There is really no reason Jim Madigan's style of disseminating information should be as rare as it is, but that style calls for confidence on the part of the broadcaster, support from his employers and a viewership that not only accepts quality and integrity but demands it. Media courses don't teach broadcasting the "Madigan Way," and that's a great shame because he proved that the right person with the right approach could provide a tremendous service - even in today's market.
As word of his passing made news, the outpouring of support from media for Madigan has been significant and sincere. If the industry really wants to honor him, its members will understand what made him so special, and they will try to incorporate his level of integrity and decency into their own work - as best they can.
Jim Madigan was one of a kind, so reaching for his level won't be easy, but the industry will be the best of it for trying, and so will the public it serves.
Wynne also touted some of the party's policy achievements — raising the minimum wage, expanding drug coverage for people under the age of 25 and free post-secondary tuition for students from low-income families.
She emphasized the contrast between her party, the PCs and the New Democrats, while also touching on key themes of fairness and opportunity that she has stressed for months.
"We are fighting for you, we will keep fighting for you," she said. "We will never stop fighting for you."
Wynne mentioned the difficult road to re-election ahead by referencing her own past electoral record. Down in the polls for over a year and with approval ratings that hover in the mid-teens, she asked party volunteers to work hard.
"I lost my first election in 1994 by 72 votes," Wynne said. "Just a few more hours of canvassing or getting out the vote could have changed that result. And because every single vote counts, that means every single visit on every single doorstep counts."
Liberal campaign co-chair Deb Matthews acknowledged that the weekend event was, in part, about further honing the party's strategy and organization. That includes planning for whomever the PCs pick as leader.
"Obviously, we'll need to be ready for any eventuality," she said of the PC leadership race. "They need to figure out their party. We've got our party figured out. We know what we're doing."
Wynne said the party is not "troubled by" the loss of any advance plans they had to attack former PC leader Patrick Brown.
"What happened to Patrick Brown, what is happening to the (PCs) right now, is their focus," she said. "Our focus is on our plan."
Wynne opened the convention Friday night by participating in a candidate spotlight and taking questions from party members.
Ontario's general election is June 7.
By Shawn Jeffords and Paola Loriggio, The Canadian Press
ALFRED Wainwright once said of the Yorkshire Dales: “There's no such thing as bad weather, only unsuitable clothing.”
He was right – it takes more than the vagaries of the British climate to deter people from visiting an iconic National Park where all four seasons can be experienced in a day.
Yet, while the Dales needs little introduction to domestic visitors, or cycling enthusiasts inspired by the successful staging of the Tour de France's Grand Départ in 2014, it's important to continue promoting this acclaimed area to an international audience if the local economy, so dependent on tourism, is to survive and thrive.
Areas around the world are developing their own niche – and it makes abundant sense to promote the Dales in countries, like Australia, to middle-aged people who do enjoy the great outdoors. After all, there's more to Britain than London. And, like the rest of the UK countryside, the Dales is open to all 365 days a year – and in all weathers.
NATIONAL
A senior lawmaker of South Korea's ruling Democratic Party has expressed her wish for German Chancellor Angela Merkel to play a mediating role in the escalating nuclear stalemate with North Korea, her office said Tuesday.
Four-term lawmaker Park Young-sun met the German leader during her visit to Berlin, which was arranged on the invitation of the Hanns Seidel Foundation, a renowned Munich-based political think tank.
(Yonhap)
"I expect you to work as an intermediary for settling the North Korean nuclear issue and establishing peace on the Korean Peninsula," Park was quoted as saying during her talks with Merkel on Monday (Berlin time).In response, the German leader was quoted as saying that along with the joint efforts for ensuring peace on the peninsula, female politicians should work together for the empowerment of women.In an interview with the Germany newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung, Merkel had previously expressed her willingness to engage in a diplomatic initiative to address the nuclear standoff. In it, she mentioned the landmark 2015 nuclear deal, struck between Iran and six world powers, including Germany, as a possible model for the North Korean case.Following the meeting with Merkel, Park is set to meet other German legislators and seek cooperation on South Korea's successful hosting of the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics, which takes place from Feb. 9 to 25. (Yonhap)
MONTREAL — A Quebecer trying to be the first woman to get to the top of Canada's highest mountain in a solo trek says she's hopeful of achieving the feat in the coming days.
It hasn't been easy so far for Monique Richard, who has had to deal with harsh weather, equipment woes and delays in her ascent of the 5,959-metre Mount Logan in Yukon's Kluane National Park.
Parks Canada says there is no record in its data stretching back to the late 1800s of any woman having reached the summit in a solo climb.
The Montreal mountaineer, who began the trek May 15, finds herself at one of the camps along the King's Trench route, about 800 metres from the summit, and waiting for a window of good weather.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp had a simple message when asked - again - about Barcelona's unyielding attempts to lure Philippe Coutinho away from Anfield.
Liverpool is a club intent on building a future for their hopes and dreams, he said, with an emphatic flourish, not one who want to rip up those dreams for a quick hit of useless cash.
If there was frustration from the Reds boss in the focus being on Coutinho even though injury prevents him from being in the Champions League squad that touched down in Germany on Monday, then it was purely because he is forced to repeat himself so often.
“It's not that I don't want to talk about it, it's that I can't change my answers - because there is nothing else to say,” he said with almost a grimace.
“If they [Barcelona] say they will bid whatever money, we don't want it. It is a clear message. The owners are 100 per cent clear on it.
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
“We don't want money, we want to invest in the team and have the best team because we have our aims and dreams. That is the message.
“So when I said it's not important what I think, that is what I mean. I have the player from the 31 August latest, again, or when the back issue is sorted. There is nothing else I can say about it.
“We are 100 per cent clear on it. There is nothing else to say.”
In fact, in that one answer, Klopp said plenty. Liverpool is a club who simply don't now need to cash in on their best players, especially when they are under long contracts.
(Image: Rex Features)
They have a reputation, perhaps unfairly, of being a selling club because players such as Mascherano, Torres, Suarez, and latterly Sterling all forced their way out of the Anfield exit in pursuit of better offers.
No longer though. Liverpool has the resources to compete with the best in Europe on wages and transfer fees, as their pursuit of Virgil van Dijk - ahead of Manchester City and Chelsea - shows.
They also have the will, and what tonight's game presents to them, is the opportunity to go head to head on the same stage. Which is why, when Klopp had dealt with the Coutinho issue, he was asked just how important the showdown with Hoffenheim is.
The inference was clear. Lose, and it could not only cost the club millions, but seriously dent those dreams and aims.
But losing is not on the Klopp agenda, as he explained forcibly.
(Image: Andrew Powell)
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
“People ask me this before the Europa League final, the semi-finals, whatever. It's the biggest game?” he added.
“It's the only game we play tomorrow and yes it is big because we can go in the Champions League. You can see the opportunity in different ways.
“We have already qualified for European competition which we didn't have last year. I know now people will say: ‘Yes but who wants to play in the Europa League?'
“We can either allow the pressure on this game to increase over the next 24 hours to the extent that we cannot walk anymore, or we still try to enjoy this opportunity. I think that is the best way to do it.”
Liverpool are also with Daniel Sturridge and Adam Lallana along with Countho, but Klopp explained that Sturridge is fit again and will return for the weekend visit to Anfield of Palace.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
NASA Admits Pole Shift is Close: Here's What You Can Do to Prepare by Jeremiah Johnson – Ready Nuttition
With all of the horrific weather anomalies, and the increase in earthquakes and volcanoes over the past six months…pronouncing themselves especially just in the past week…there is a cause for concern. In the article, “Earth's Magnetic Poles Show Signs They're About to Flip – Exposing Humans to Radiation and Planet-Wide Blackouts,” written by Kastalia Medrano of Newsweek, NASA finally admits to a long-time fear – the Earth's poles are close to shifting.
Here is an excerpt from that article:
“Historically, Earth's North and South magnetic poles have flipped every 200,000 or 300,000 years—except right now, they haven't flipped successfully for about 780,000 years. But the planet's magnetic field is at long last showing signs of shifting. NASA” … “That devastation could arrive through multiple avenues. The combination of powerful space particles, like unfiltered solar rays, cosmic rays and ultraviolet B rays (the stuff your sunscreen bottle warns you about), would smash through our battered ozone layer and lead us the way of the dinosaurs.”
Why Is This Happening?
As you will read, the earth's molten core of iron and nickel is beginning to leach out, affecting the magnetism of the entire earth. Nothing about wildlife was mentioned in the article, but I point out this could very well explain some of the strange and bizarre behavior we have been witnessing regarding animals worldwide.
So, what can we do about such a thing? I highly recommend reading the article. It explains that with a magnetic shift we could see radiation levels increase around the globe, and several scientific firms suggest that parts of the planet could become uninhabitable, and at least inhospitable.
How to Prepare
I suggest visiting Cresson Kearney's site that I have recommended repeatedly, for the book “Nuclear War Survival Skills.” You will be killing two birds with one stone: you should already be taking steps in case a nuclear war breaks out, as tensions with North Korea are high, and Russia and China are not our buddies, either. Kearney diagrammed and detailed the levels of thickness and materials used for shelters, both home-expedient and those constructed for the specific purpose. It also gives all the information you'll need on radiation itself.
I also did a few articles in the past on radiation-removing supplements and herbs, such as zeolite clay, chlorella, and spirulina. Along with Potassium Iodide supplies, it would behoove you to stock up on these materials. A survey meter (Geiger counter) would be invaluable, as well as individual dosimeters. Don't smirk: you can still obtain them, and you should. Also, while there's still the time, I advise building a Kearney Fallout Meter from materials you can pick up at the grocery store and hardware store. The complete plans for it are available on the site I mentioned above.
Advanced Tactical Gas Mask – Are You Ready for a Biological, Nuclear or Chemical Attack?
The NOAA and NASA websites are excellent sites for gathering information about what is currently happening. In addition, as I have mentioned before in other articles, that military Lensatic compass would be a plus. If and/or when the poles do shift, electronic equipmentsuch as digital compasses and wrist computers might not function, but the Lensatic compass will be going wild. As a forethought to such, I strongly advise obtaining maps of your immediate area…good terrain-featured, topographical maps…the kind that gives landmarks you can find with your eyes. Terrain association is an important skill. If you've ever busted a compass and cannot verify the azimuth you're walking on…the ability to see the terrain and match it to what you see on the map is invaluable.
That will get you started if you haven't already begun. In this case, an ounce of prevention is worth more than a pound of cure…it can be worth much more than that. Remember Aesop's fable of “The Grasshopper and the Ant,” and if you have never read it, now would be a good time to print a copy and keep it where you can read it from time to time. Herein lies the conundrum, for only the wicked flee when none pursue…but also, the wise saw trouble and took cover, while the foolish went on and was destroyed. There is a balance for both, and (to paraphrase the Rolling Stones) time is on your side. For now, if you make the most of it. Stay in that good fight! JJ out!
Jeremiah Johnson is the Nom de plume of a retired Green Beret of the United States Army Special Forces (Airborne). Mr. Johnson was a Special Forces Medic, EMT and ACLS-certified, with comprehensive training in wilderness survival, rescue, and patient-extraction. He is a Certified Master Herbalist and a graduate of the Global College of Natural Medicine of Santa Ana, CA. A graduate of the U.S. Army's survival course of SERE school (Survival Evasion Resistance Escape), Mr. Johnson also successfully completed the Montana Master Food Preserver Course for home-canning, smoking, and dehydrating foods. Mr. Johnson dries and tinctures a wide variety of medicinal herbs taken by wild crafting and cultivation, in addition to preserving and canning his own food. An expert in land navigation, survival, mountaineering, and parachuting as trained by the United States Army, Mr. Johnson is an ardent advocate for preparedness, self-sufficiency, and long-term disaster sustainability for families. He and his wife survived Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath. Cross-trained as a Special Forces Engineer, he is an expert in supply, logistics, transport, and long-term storage of perishable materials, having incorporated many of these techniques plus some unique innovations in his own homestead. Mr. Johnson brings practical, tested experience firmly rooted in formal education to his writings and to our team. He and his wife live in a cabin in the mountains of Western Montana with their three cats.
Source – Ready Nutrition
Sharing is caring!
Reports: Paris Saint-Germain close in on signing Premier League superstar
Paris Saint-Germain will be keen to swoop for the player
by Aakanksh Sanketh Rumours 14 Aug 2017, 10:43 IST
Unai Emery seems to be assembling an infallible team
What's the story?
Paris Saint-Germain have already stunned the world this summer, by achieving the unthinkable - the merciless end of the MSN era as a result of the world record transfer of Neymar for a whopping £200 million.
Reports from the The Sun, however, indicate that the Ligue 1 giants are far from done and are now allegedly in talks with Arsenal's wantaway superstar Alexis Sanchez over a potential move to Paris.
The exuberant forward has been in tremendous form, having scored 30 goals in 51 appearances for Arsenal last season.
In case you didn't know...
Alexis Sanchez has transitioned from Arsenal's club hero to contract rebel in an astonishingly quick frame of time, as the Chilean heartthrob refuses to pen a new deal with the English Premier League side.
The 28-year old has entered the final year of his contract at the Emirates, but has done little to ensure an extension. The vivacious forward has publicly stated his desire to compete in the UEFA Champions League - something that Arsenal will be bereft of this season.
Meanwhile, PSG saw Monaco run away with the Ligue 1 title last season and are determined to bring the coveted trophy back to Paris this time around.
Unai Emery, it seems, is on a mission to assemble an infallible team, having already obtained the services of the Brazilian duo of Neymar and Dani Alves.
The heart of the matter
After Monaco stole the title from under PSG's noses, the French side have wasted no time in plugging the holes that sank their campaign.
The club's chiefs have gotten straight down to business this summer, with no qualms of splurging towers of money on players they deem appropriate.
Soon after wrapping the Neymar deal up, Unai Emery's side have been touted to make a couple more signings before the transfer window culminates, with at least one of them expected to be a high profile name.
Alexis Sanchez is widely being regarded as one of PSG's most prominent targets after Arsenal finished 5th in last season's English Premier League and subsequently relinquished their UEFA Champions League spot, prompting Sanchez to ponder a departure.
Having initially been linked with moves to Bayern Munich and Manchester City, the fan favorite could now be heading to Paris after Bayern refused to match his wages and Arsene Wenger categorically stated that no other Premier League side stood a chance at signing the striker.
In a sudden turn of events, Sanchez has sent Arsenal fans into utter chaos after reportedly putting out a tweet with the location saying 'Paris, France'. He then went on to delete it a little later, and reposted it without the location.
Alexis Sánchez has deleted his original tweet with his current location in Paris, France. (Source: @Alexis_Sanchez) pic.twitter.com/7T5kJ7vuf4 — Transfer News Live (@DeadlineDayLive) August 13, 2017
This was later confirmed by journalists, who claim that the Chilean is in France with his partner and agent, triggering speculation that he could be in talks with PSG over a potential move.
Video:
Author's Take
Alexis Sanchez is an excellent player, capable of rinsing defenses on a good day. He has made a name for himself in England and is an extremely prominent name on the Arsenal roster. Losing him will ignite an already aggravated fan base and could launch the English club into a state of turmoil.
Should he move to Paris Saint-Germain, the front 3 of Neymar, Cavani and Sanchez is a formidable prospect bound to send shivers down the spines of opposing managers and players alike.
The addition of Sanchez wills undoutedly transform the Paris outfit into a European superpower.
Have your say
Peterborough Phantoms were hit for six in last night's dead rubber game in the Autumn Cup.
The city side were beaten 6-2 after a poor third period at Basingstoke Bison in their last group fixture.
They actually had the best of the opening period and were still on equal terms at 0-0.
A slow start to the second period saw Bison go 2-0 up but Phantoms rallied well and levelled with goals by Leigh Jamieson and Darius Pliskauskas.
A late Bison goal, however, saw Bison close the period with a 3-2 advantage.
Phantoms were not at their best in the final session though and Bison finished with three unanswered goals.
Phantoms' attention quickly switches to tonight's important home match-up against London Raiders as the league leaders aim to avenge their recent home loss to the Raiders.
Violence erupted at the bar of a South Yorkshire working men's club, after a woman attempted to give a punter a 'massage'.
The incident took place at Highgate Working Men's Club in Barnsley Road, Goldthorpe just after 9.30pm on New Year's Day 2017, after the partner of defendant, Jay Cadawallander, began 'pulling at the clothing' of a man standing at the bar.
Defending Cadawallander, Sean Fritchley, told the court that Cadawallander's partner was a part-time sports therapist, and was attempting to give the man a massage as Cadawallander stood nearby.
Sheffield Crown Court heard how the man told her to go away and tried to move away himself, but she persisted in pulling at his clothing.
"The [CCTV] footage shows that the defendant's partner is pushed quite sharply to the floor by the complainant," said prosecutor, Carl Fitch.
He added: "The defendant then delivers punches to the head on the complainant, and while he's on the floor, stamps on him a number of times and kicks him."
The man suffered bruising and grazing in the attack, the court heard.
When arrested by the police some three months later, Cadawallander fully admitted the offence and later pleaded guilty to one charge of assault occasioning actual bodily harm at a court hearing held earlier this year.
In mitigation, Mr Fritchley told the court that Cadawallander was a 'hard-working gentleman' with a dependent family.
He added: "His partner says he is involved in every aspect of his children's lives, and simply isn't the person we see committing those atrocious acts [on CCTV]."
After the case was opened on July 2, Recorder Ray Singh remanded Cadawallander into custody for two nights while he considered what sentence to pass.
The case was brought back before Sheffield Crown Court on July 4, when Recorder Singh sentenced Cadawallander to 12-months in prison, suspended for two-years, ordered him to pay £600 in compensation and to complete 240 hours of unpaid work.
And while at first it seemed that the opponent would still be Horn and that only the location would change, Pacquiao's latest tweet, polling fans on who they thought his next opponent should be, makes it sound like the prospect of fighting Horn is becoming less and less likely.
In the poll Horn was the fighter that fans least wanted to see Pacquiao face out of the four options, and even Pacquiao has previously said he had never heard of the Australian. If they do fight, Horn would be Pacquiao's first opponent in 10 years that hasn't been a current or former world champion, marking a steep decline in stock value for the Filipino, who only 22 months ago fought Floyd Mayweather Junior in a Las Vegas mega-fight, which he lost on points. It now seems like Pacquiao is trying to back out of negotiations with Horn or at least use the speculation of a supposed UAE fight to bluff and wrangle more money out of Australia. Without a confirmed and interested UAE financial backer however, it doesn't look as though the UAE will stage that fight. The prospect of fighting Khan might change things though. The two were sparring partners at Freddie Roaches' Wild Card Gym in Hollywood, USA, with conflicting reports over which fighter used to come off better in training. For some reason they've always avoided meeting one another in the ring for real, and while Pacquiao's camp have maintained it is because Khan is no match for Pacquiao, Khan suggests it's because Pacquiao knows he would lose. Either way, it's the fight that Pacquiao's fans most want to see in the UAE and with large Filipino, British and Pakistani expatriate populations it would also make the most sense. That said, several claims of big fights being held in the UAE have never materialised. Poll: As of Monday evening from over 28,000 fans polled: Who do you want me (Pacquiao) to fight next in the UAE? Amir Khan 48% Jeff Horn 5% Terence Crawford 20% Kell Brook 26% More from Boxing McGregor, Mayweather ‘agree' on a mega-fight
Confusion over Pacquiao fight venue
Pacquiao confirms next fight in UAE
Pacquiao to fight Horn in the UAE?
BERLIN — Bayern Munich's expected re-appointment of Jupp Heynckes as coach for a fourth stint has been delayed.
News agency dpa says the club is trying to fulfil the 72-year-old Heynckes' request for Peter Hermann to return as assistant coach.
Hermann, currently coaching at second-division club Fortuna Duesseldorf, worked with Heynckes at Bayer Leverkusen and then at Bayern when they won the Champions League, Bundesliga and German Cup treble in 2013.
Hermann says the decision to leave Duesseldorf is "difficult, very difficult. But I have a bond with Jupp Heynckes and I want to do him the favour. I owe him a lot and want to give him something back."
R Ashwin and Ishant Sharma set to play in County Championships
It is good to see the Indian cricketers make use of their breaks in a wise manner by playing in County championships
@MadridistaSays by Vignesh Ananthasubramanian News 14 Aug 2017, 12:01 IST
R Ashwin will turn up for Worcestershire while Ishant will play for Warwickshire
What's the story?
According to reports ESPNcricinfo, Indian spinner R Ashwin and fast bowler Ishant Sharma are set to travel to England to play County cricket after the completion of the ongoing Test series.
It has been confirmed that Ashwin will play for Worcestershire while Ishant will turn up for Warwickshire in the last few rounds of the ongoing County championship season. World no. 1 Test bowler Ravindra Jadeja could also be a part of the tournament as he is in talks with few teams, but it as yet unclear whom he will play for.
In all likelihood, Ashwin could be available for Worcestershire's match against Gloucestershire starting on August 28.
Also read: R Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja in line to play county cricket
Sources close to R Ashwin neither confirmed nor denied the development and informed Sportskeeda that the final call will be taken only after the third Test between India and Sri Lanka gets over.
In case you didn't know...
Last week, it was reported that Ashwin is one of those who have been identified as an ideal candidate by Worcestershire with a view to playing the last few weeks of the English season and the club's director of cricket, Steve Rhodes, in an exclusive interview to ESPNcricinfo confirmed that Ravindra Jadeja is also of interest.
Details
R Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja, along with some other regulars were rested for the upcoming ODI and T20I series against Sri Lanka that starts on August 20. While India plays Sri Lanka in the ODI series, the rested names could turn out for few county teams to get used to the conditions.
Also read: Indian ODI squad to face Sri Lanka announced
Apart from Ashwin and Ishant, Cheteshwar Pujara will also be a part of the County championships as he is all set to continue playing for the table toppers of second division Nottinghamshire after the conclusion of the Tests against Sri Lanka.
Pujara signed for the Notts earlier this season and has scored 223 runs in five innings including a match-winning century against Gloucestershire.
What's next?
After the limited-overs leg against Sri Lanka, India's next assignment will be the five ODIs and a one-off T20I against Australia starting on September 17.
If Ashwin is picked in the Indian squad for the series, he might play only two county matches before returning home to join the Indian team. If he is not, he could go on to play till the end of the season as his team is making a big push for a promotion to the first division.
Author's take
It is good to see the Indian cricketers make use of their breaks in a wise manner by playing in County championships in a bid to improve their game overseas.
The BCCI should also encourage the players to take part in County cricket as it will surely help them in getting used to the conditions and improve their game.
Russians In Moscow Celebrate 6 More Years Of Putin On Sunday, Vladimir Putin won the Russian presidential election by a landslide. NPR's Mary Louise Kelly was in Moscow to witness the late-night celebrations of another six years of Putin in power.
Rural Trump Supporters Back His Comments On Charlottesville The White House tweaked its reaction to the events in Charlottesville, Va. President Trump was criticized for suggesting the bigotry had come from "many sides." Supporters blame the left for violence.
“It's been long on ambition short on success,” Richard A. Bitzinger, senior fellow at Singapore's S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies, said of the drive. “These things are being done because of techno-nationalism. They are done because these countries perceive of themselves as rising powers.”
As part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's “Make-in-India” campaign, scientists will showcase the Tejas warplane at an air show opening in Bengaluru on today. But the jet remains a work in progress, with only three in service with the air force. South Korea, supported by Indonesia, has multibillion dollar plans to develop a twin-engined KF-X fighter jet, while Taiwan said this month it plans to build 66 jet trainer aircraft that could eventually help it manufacture a combat plane. Chang Yeoung-keun, an adviser on the KF-X fighter jet project and a professor at Korea Aerospace University, said full development of the plane and its technologies will take decades. “South Korea needs to develop core technologies of the jets, not just shells,” he said. “I am sceptical. South Korea may be able to develop core technology in 30 to 40 years, but they have to develop them in 10 years, with current fighter jets ageing.” India's struggle Cleared by the government in 1983, the Indian plane was meant to be the backbone of the air force due for induction in 1994. Instead, it suffered years of delay with scientists trying to build the world's most modern light combat aircraft from scratch, including the engine. In December, the navy chief, Admiral Sunil Lanba, said the sea version of the plane was “not up to the mark” and it could not take off from an aircraft carrier once weapons were loaded. A source in the navy said that the plane for years has failed flight tests when taking off from a 200-metre carrier deck with weapons on board. That prompted the navy to issue a request last month for information for a foreign fighter to fill the gap, the first stage in a long procurement process. Boeing Co has pitched its F-A/18 Hornet, that the US navy flies from its carriers, to the Indian defence ministry, including an offer to build it locally. Sweden's Saab AB said on Friday it will offer the naval version of its Gripen fighter to the Indian navy. India's top defence scientists said they were disappointed by the navy's decision and that fighter aircraft development was a challenge everywhere, including with the US Joint Strike Fighter, the F-35. “Look at the F-35, with all the might of the multinational effort, is still evolving,” said a source in the aeronautical development agency which is spearheading the LCA effort. “There are no shortcuts.” More from India Shah Rukh Khan booked for ‘rioting'
India saw max bombings in 2016 — report
India: Sasikala ousts Panneerselvam from party
Somaiya asks Uddhav to come clean on assets
GALLIPOLIS — Prosecuting Attorney Jason D. Holdren announces that the Gallia County Grand Jury met in January and returned indictments for the following individuals:
Bryan D. McQuaid, 37, of Gallipolis, one count of Rape, a felony of the first-degree. Morgan D. Halley, 33, of Gallipolis, three counts of Sexual Battery, felonies of the third-degree; and three counts of Unlawful Sexual Conduct with a Minor, felonies of the third-degree.
Michael A. Saunders, 31, of Gallipolis, one count of Theft, a felony of the fifth-degree; five counts of Breaking and Entering, felonies of the fifth-degree; one count of Illegal Conveyance of Drugs, a felony of the third-degree; and one count of Receiving Stolen Property, a felony of the fifth-degree. Nancy E. Saunders, 32, of Gallipolis, one count of Complicity to Theft, a felony of the fifth-degree; one count of Complicity to Illegal Conveyance of Drugs, a felony of the third-degree; and Receiving Stolen Property, a felony of the fifth-degree.
Chasity A. Reed, 26, of Vinton, one count of Possession of Heroin, a felony of the fifth-degree; and one count of Aggravated Possession of Drugs, a felony of the fifth-degree. Heather N. Johnson, 38, of Vinton, one count of Possession of Heroin, a felony of the fifth-degree; one count of Aggravated Possession of Drugs, a felony of the fifth-degree; and one count of Tampering with Evidence, a felony of the third-degree. Zechariah A. Harris, 34, of Gallipolis, one count of Aggravated Possession of Drugs, a felony of the fifth-degree. Johnathan W. Rayburn, 32, of Gallipolis, two counts of Identity Fraud, felonies of the fifth-degree; and one count of Forgery, a felony of the fifth-degree.
Andrea M. Martin, 33, of Gallipolis, two counts of Complicity to Identity Fraud, felonies of the fifth-degree. Nicholas R. Bailey, 24, of Gallipolis, one count of Possession of Heroin, a felony of the fifth-degree; and one count of Aggravated Possession of Drugs, a felony of the fifth-degree. Noah J. Robinette, 33, of Vinton, one count of Having Weapons While Under Disability, a felony of the third-degree. Hollie D. Marcum, II, 30, of Bidwell, one count of Failure to Appear, a felony of the fourth-degree. Jason M. Hall, 38, of Waverly, one count of Escape, a felony of the fifth-degree. Richard A. Casto, 52, of Waverly, one count of Complicity to Escape, a felony of the fifth-degree.
David G. McQuaid, 39, of Gallipolis, two counts of Breaking and Entering, felonies of the fifth-degree; one count of Theft, a felony of the fifth-degree; and one count of Grand Theft of a Motor Vehicle, a felony of the fourth-degree. Shestan B. Craycraft, 22, of Gallipolis, two counts of Breaking and Entering, felonies of the fifth-degree; one count of Theft, a felony of the fifth-degree; and one count of Grand Theft of a Motor Vehicle, a felony of the fourth-degree. Laura Burns, 30, of Rush, Kentucky, one count of Aggravated Possession of Drugs, a felony of the fifth-degree.
Tiffany E. Glover, 34, of Columbus, one count of Possession of Heroin, a felony of the fourth-degree; one count of Trafficking in Heroin, a felony of the fourth-degree; one count of Possession of Cocaine, a felony of the fifth-degree; one count of Trafficking in Cocaine, a felony of the fifth-degree; one count of Aggravated Possession of Drugs, a felony of the fifth-degree; one count of Aggravated Trafficking in Drugs, a felony of the fourth-degree; one count of Illegal Conveyance of Drugs, a felony of the third-degree; and one count of Tampering with Evidence, a felony of the third-degree. William N. Sigman, 49, of Patriot, one count of Tampering with Evidence, a felony of the third-degree; and one count of Possession of Cocaine, a felony of the fifth-degree. Tesa M. Schoolcraft, 40, of Bidwell, one count of Possession of Heroin, a felony of the fifth-degree.
Dominique J. Peck, 25, of Bidwell, one count of Possession of Heroin, a felony of the fourth-degree; one count of Trafficking in Heroin, a felony of the fourth-degree; one count of Aggravated Possession of Drugs, a felony of the fifth-degree; and one count of Aggravated Trafficking in Drugs, a felony of the fourth-degree. Alfred Cordell, III, 30, of Bidwell, one count of NonSupport of Dependents, a felony of the fifth-degree. Joshua Ashworth, 33, of Gallipolis, one count of NonSupport of Dependents, a felony of the fifth-degree.
Scott L. Pierce, 51, of Radcliff, one count of Having Weapons While Under Disability, a felony of the third-degree; one count of Improper Handling of a Firearm in a Motor Vehicle, a felony of the fourth-degree; and one count of Receiving Stolen Property, a felony of the fourth-degree. Micha M. Large, 48, of Gallipolis, one count of Possession of Cocaine, a felony of the fifth-degree. Tyler C. Push, 29, of Catlettsburg, Kentucky, one count of Aggravated Possession of Drugs, a felony of the fifth-degree. Cynthia L. Russell, 53, of Bidwell, one count of Trafficking in Heroin, a felony of the fifth-degree; and one count of Possession of Heroin, a felony of the fifth-degree. Amanda N. Harold, 32, of Gallipolis, one count of Possession of Heroin, a felony of the fifth-degree; and two counts of Aggravated Possession of Drugs, felonies of the fifth-degree. Travis A. Janey, 26, of Bidwell, one count of Possession of Cocaine, a felony of the fifth-degree; one count of Trafficking in Cocaine, a felony of the fifth-degree; one count of Aggravated Possession of Drugs, a felony of the fifth-degree; and Aggravated Trafficking in Drugs, a felony of the fourth-degree.
The cases against those indicted will proceed in the Gallia County Common Pleas Court. All defendants are innocent until proven guilty.
http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_web1_Tribune-25.jpg
About Kameme Tv
KAMEME TV is designed and positioned to be a general variety entertainment station that caters to the wider Kikuyu community by offering an authentic, diverse and varied array of local entertainment, news and studio based talk programs.
Escalier Biosciences, with offices in Encinitas and the Netherlands, said Tuesday that it has raised $19 million in venture capital financing. Privately held Escalier is developing drugs for psoriasis and other autoimmune disorders.
The round was led by Forbion, a European life science venture fund. It included existing investors New Science Ventures and BioGeneration Ventures.
Escalier's drug candidates are in late-stage preclinical studies. Its topical drug for psoriasis is expected to enter clinical trials in the middle of this year, the company said. The company is also developing an oral psoriasis drug.
The company's drugs target a cell receptor found on mucus membranes. The receptor, called RAR-Related Orphan Receptor Gamma, is involved in the immune response. The expectation is that modifying the immune response on these membranes will alleviate psoriasis and other autoimmune disorders.
Escalier's corporate headquarters is in the Netherlands; with research and development managed from Encinitas, said CEO Raju Mohan, himself an Encinitas resident. That office has six full-time employees.
Contract laboratory work is performed in San Francisco, India, the Netherlands and wherever else is appropriate, Mohan said.
Before Escalier, Mohan had co-founded two other companies and served in executive levels for others, all while living in Encinitas. During much of this time, he has worked with the same core group of Encinitas-based people.
Mohan said the team enjoys the coastal Encinitas lifestyle, including its surfing culture.
Mohan had most recently co-founded Akarna Therapeutics, a developer of liver drugs that also maintained an Encinitas office. Akarna was purchased in 2016 by Allergan in a deal providing $50 million upfront and additional milestone payments.
Because there's no need for “wet lab” space — generally found only in biotech centers such as La Jolla — Encinitas works well, Mohan said.
“I moved away from the UTC/La Jolla biotech area to a very focused, very driven, environment that's a little bit outside of the mainstream,” he said.
Fikes is a reporter for the San Diego Union-Tribune.
Hemel Hempstead Town 2 Hungerford Town 0
HUNGERFORD suffered a blow to their top five hopes with Monday's lacklustre defeat at Hemel on a day when a win would have seen them soar above Poole Town in the Vanarama National League South table.
Hungerford had the best of a goal-less first half but did not make possession count.
Warren Bentley missed an early chance and Nat Jarvis went through only to be foiled by goalkeeper Jamie Butler.
Hemel defender Ed Afafu-Adjaye blocked Stefan Brown at point-blank range at the start of the second period before Hungerford fell behind when Tony Diagne swivelled to fire in off a post after Hungerford had twice failed to clear.
The visitors threw men forward but could not find the spark to open the home defence, and Ben Greenhalgh sliced through a spreadeagled line to fire home a second with five minutes remaining.
Hemel Hempstead: Butler; Asafu-Adjaye, Mendy, Diagne, Connolly; Kaloczi, Spring (Parrot 85), Singh; Potton, Greenhalgh, Gordon. Subs: Brooks, Johnson, Mitchell-Gears, May.
Hungerford Town: Ward; Tyler, Boardman, Day, Jones; Clark (O'Brien 58), Rees, Soares (Meechan 58); Brown, Bentley, Jarvis (Goodger 58). Subs: Lynch, Thomas.
He has a rotation policy but Lions coach Swys de Bruin will limit changes to his team for Saturday's Super Rugby clash against the Reds in Brisbane.
Speaking from the coastal suburb of Coogee in Sydney‚ where the team is preparing before heading for Queensland‚ De Bruin made it clear that unnecessary tinkering isn't part of the plan.
“We have a rotation policy but because we won‚ we will have to keep continuity‚” he said about last Saturday's impressive 29-0 victory over the Waratahs.
“If there are no injuries‚ and it doesn't look like we have any‚ there is no need to tinker with the team‚” he said before suggesting there may be some changes on the bench.
De Bruin may‚ however‚ be forced into a change in midfield where Lionel Mapoe is struggling with a sore groin.
“We'll look at that tomorrow and make a final call‚" he said.
"We won't change much.”
Should Mapoe be ruled out Rohan Janse van Rensburg's burly presence may just be the antidote in what is likely to be a busy inside channel with Reds centre Samu Kerevi barrelling down at Elton Jantjies.
Apart from Mapoe‚ there are no other injury concerns.
“The knock Kwagga Smith took on his shoulder isn't serious‚" he said.
"He got a bit of a stinger in a tackle‚ that's all.”
De Bruin was still stoked following their win over the Waratahs. It was their first ever win over the Sydneysiders on their home turf.
“The first win on tour is always huge‚" he said.
"Hats off to Joey (Mongalo‚ defence coach).
"I think it is the first time the Waratahs couldn't score a point. For our confidence that is massive. Our challenge is to stay humble and focus on the next game.”
The Reds‚ however‚ will pose a different challenge.
They are more confrontational since former All Blacks enforcer Brad Thorn took over the reins.
“Under their new coaching staff they are more physical‚” said De Bruin.
“They come with a pressure approach‚ which is not something you got in the past from a Reds team.
"We are ready for whatever they bring.”
The Lions have had to soldier on in the absence of regular captain Warren Whiteley who is yet to recover from a knee injury.
De Bruin couldn't say whether the No8 would be available for any of the remaining tour matches.
“We are just wanting to see how he has improved‚" he said.
"The MRI scan showed that there isn't a lot wrong.
"There is one little thing that is an irritation. It is just a question of time before he regains fitness‚ but whether we'll get him back in time I'm not sure.
“He is the Springbok captain and it is of interest to me that he be ready in the coming weeks.”
This was the incredible scene in Doncaster town centre last night as hundreds of England fans celebrated the Three Lions' thrilling penalty shoot-out win over Colombia.
There were jubilant scenes as scores of fans decked out in red and white drank, danced and celebrated in Silver Street long into the night after England clinched their place in the quarter finals of the World Cup.
The picture, taken by Tom Tranter, shows supporters dancing on bus stops and bringing the town centre street to a standstill once again in scenes reminiscent of previous England matches at the World Cup in Russia.
But as usual, England's supporters were put through the mill with an evening of highs and lows and a rollercoaster of emotions before Gareth Southgate's side clinched their first ever World Cup penalty shoot out win to set up Saturday's mouthwatering clash with Sweden.
Police and pubs expect crowds in Doncaster to be the biggest yet for Saturday's game -which kicks off at 3pm - with thousands of supporters set to descend on Silver Street once more.
In previous matches against Tunisia, Panama and Belgium, the road has been the focal point of celebrations for England supporters, with a bus shelter collapsing under the weight of supporters during previous celebrations.
Let's take a look at the updated injury reports for the Panthers and Lions ahead of this week's game.
Panthers Week 5 Thursday Injury Report
Player Position Injury Wed. Thu. Mario Addison DE Knee DNP DNP Kelvin Benjamin WR Knee DNP Limited Kurt Coleman S Knee DNP DNP Demetrious Cox S Ankle DNP DNP Thomas Davis LB Rib DNP Full Ryan Kalil C Neck DNP DNP Tyler Larsen C Shoulder DNP Full Julius Peppers DE Rest DNP DNP Daeshon Hall DE Knee Limited Full Star Lotulelei DT Shoulder Limited Full Cam Newton QB Right Shoulder Limited Limited Curtis Samuel WR Back Limited Limited Trai Turner G Knee Limited Full Daryl Worley CB Shoulder Full Full Charles Johnson DE Rest — DNP Matt Kalil T Groin — DNP Jonathan Stewart RB Rest — DNP
The biggest addition to Thursday's report was tackle Matt Kalil, who is dealing with a groin injury. “He had a slight twinge in his groin, so we slowed him down,” coach Ron Rivera said, per the Charlotte Observer. DE Charles Johnson and RB Jonathan Stewart were also added Thursday, but both simply had a rest day.
Thomas Davis, Daeshon Hall, Star Lotulelei, Tyler Larsen and Trai Turner were all upgraded to full participants Thursday.
Ahmed Best contemplated suicide almost "20 years ago" after he was targeted by vicious trolls for his portrayal of Jar Jar Binks in the 'Star Wars' prequels.
The 44-year-old actor has revealed he almost took his own life two decades ago when die-hard fans of the original trilogy bombarded him with death threats because they felt his goofy character, which was loved by kids, was too out of place.
Taking to his Instagram account, Ahmed uploaded a photograph of him and his young son standing at his suicide spot and he wrote: "20 years next year I faced a media backlash that still affects my career today. This was the place I almost ended my life. It's still hard to talk about. I survived and now this little guy is my gift for survival. Would this be a good story for my solo show? Lemme know. (sic)"
Ahmed first starred in franchise in 1999 when his role was written into 'Star Wars: Episode I -- The Phantom Menace' - his first major film role - but despite the backlash he received for his portrayal, creator George Lucas liked the character and Jar Jar appeared again in 'Attack of the Clones' and 'Revenge of the Sith'.
Winning sponsorship from Virginia Slims cigarettes is an awkward step forward; despite raised eyebrows among health advocates, King's manager (Sarah Silverman) encourages the sisterhood to puff it up for the cameras in public. The tobacco company covers the women's expenses as they travel between tournaments.
It's on one of those cross-country trips that King, who is tightly wound and shy off the court, meets Marilyn Barnett (Andrea Riseborough), a hairstylist with a flirtatious vibe. Barnett's stroking of King's hair triggers unexpected sensations and leaves her wanting much more.
Soon they're lovers travelling together and sharing hotel rooms while King keeps their relationship hidden from her mild-mannered, stay-at-home husband, Larry (Austin Stowell, giving three-dimensional humanity to a challenging role).
The film's title refers to the personal battles the characters face, portrayed dramatically where King is concerned. Her former rival, Australian star Margaret Court (Jessica McNamee), joins the women's circuit as the only mother and the only player travelling with her spouse.
When she condemns the "licentiousness, immorality and sin" that all-female sports teams build up, it's clear whom and what she's talking about. Then the sponsors' reactions if King were to be outed enter the mix.
Thankfully, the film makes the ever hustling Riggs, gifted at winning bets and clumsy at retaining relationships, into a cartoon of broad comedy. It's ideal casting for Carell, who perfectly captures the irregular, energetic body language and looks like Riggs' clone.
His struggle concerns his heiress wife (Elisabeth Shue), who adores his freewheeling humour but is appalled by his chronic gambling. He goes through the motions of attending Gamblers Anonymous meetings but turns them into a hullabaloo, and he has a remarkably crafty grip on his psychologist. His closest friend is a freelance pharmacist (Fred Armisen), who gives Riggs piles of mysterious get-up-and-go pills as the big match nears.
Riggs proposes the televised tennis showdown for loads of money from sponsors; King accepts his mock-misogynist challenge for the principle of the thing. Their climactic faceoff is well enough staged by stunt doubles shot from afar, with occasional glances at the stars.
The real excitement comes from watching the athletes' families in the stands pulling for them to win. And anonymous characters like the woman who holds aloft a sign that reads "Billie Jean for President." It's 44 years later, but much of it is as relevant as ever.
Star Tribune
ORLANDO – Is it 2019 yet?
During a Star Wars event in Orlando on Saturday, Disney revealed new details about the Star Wars lands coming to Walt Disney World in Florida and Disneyland in California.
During a panel at the Star Wars Celebration event, Walt Disney Imagineering and Lucasfilm representatives said guests will be able to control their theme park experience by choosing to work for the Resistance or the First Order.
Visitors will also get the opportunity to pilot the Millennium Falcon. Disney Imagineer Asa Kalama hinted there may be “consequences” for how well you pilot the ship.
“An experience might begin on board the Millennium Falcon and follow you right out the door of the attraction and into the local watering hole,” Kalama said. Pablo Hidalgo of Lucasfilm said technology will allow guests to “build a reputation” inside the land. Disney did not reveal how this will be accomplished, but the land will likely utilize RFID technology currently used in MagicBands.
Panelists at the event said the land will have its own distinct smells and tastes, including “blue milk/Bantha milk.”
Here's how Disney Parks described the land on its official blog:
“The team shared exciting new details about the story behind this mysterious destination somewhere on the Outer Rim — lying on the edge of the Unknown Regions. The remote village was once a busy crossroads along the old sub-lightspeed trade routes, but the prominence of the outpost has been bypassed with the rise of hyperspace travel. Now home to those who prefer less attention, it has become a thriving port for smugglers, rogue traders and adventurers traveling between the frontier and uncharted space. It's also a convenient safe-haven for others intent on avoiding the expanding reach of the First Order.”
The $4 billion investment was first announced in 2015.
The land will be built within Disney's Hollywood Studios park at Walt Disney World and inside Disneyland Park in Anaheim, California. Both lands are expected to open in 2019.
Why A Pill That's 4 Cents In Tanzania Costs Up To $400 In The U.S.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kuni Takahashi/Bloomberg via Getty Images Kuni Takahashi/Bloomberg via Getty Images
Two pills to wipe out hookworm could cost you 4 cents. Or $400.
It just depends on where you live.
The 4 cents is in Tanzania. That'll cover the two pills it takes to knock out the intestinal parasite. But in the United States, where hookworm has re-emerged, the price for two 200 mg tablets of albendazole can cost as much as $400.
The pill will put an end to the problems hookworm can cause, such as anemia and protein deficiency as well as stunting growth in children.
It's not just a problem with the anti-hookworm pill. Drugs for diseases of the developing world, in particular the so-called "neglected tropical diseases" like hookworm and leishmaniasis, are enormously more expensive in the United States than in the developing world.
"There really is no good reason for this price," Dr. Jonathan Alpern says of the albendazole price tag. Alpern works for the HealthPartners Institute, the research division of a health care organization in Minnesota.
Impax Laboratories is the only pharmaceutical company that offers the drug in the U.S. Impax did not wish to comment on product pricing for this story but stated in an email to NPR: "Given the very different regulatory regimes in the U.S. versus outside the U.S., pricing is a very awkward comparison."
Because the drug's patent expired decades ago, other companies can sell the generic version. But for medications that fight neglected tropical diseases, pharmaceutical companies have been slow to jump in and manufacture the medicine.
As for those that do: "[Impax] fits into a category of companies that have taken drugs that have been around for many years, acquired the rights and jacked up the price [for the Western market]," says Alpern.
Indeed, prices for generic drugs that treat neglected tropical diseases are skyrocketing in the U.S.
When a disease affects only a small number of patients in the U.S., "there's less incentive for generic companies to enter the market," Alpern explains. That's because there's less potential for profit.
Hookworm, which was recently discovered in a small community in the U.S., is just one example of this trend.
Neurocysticercosis, a parasitic disease that causes seizures and epilepsy, is another example. The disease is rare in the U.S. with an estimated 1,000 to 5,000 new cases every year. Either albendazole or praziquantel are used to treat the disease. Praziquantel is also pricey: about $525 for six 600 mg tablets.
Leishmaniasis, which affects 700,000 to a million people annually throughout the world, is more expensive to treat in the U.S., too. Though rare in the U.S. — only 13 cases were uncovered between 2000 and 2007 — the disease can cause disfiguring skin sores or swelling of the spleen or liver depending on the form of the disease that's contracted. Two 50 mg tablets of miltefosine for 28 days can treat the infection; the price of each pill wholesale is $685, according to Alpern's research.
"When there's limited competition in the market, the company that holds the monopoly is able to price [the drug] however they want," Alpern says. "In these cases, we often see companies taking advantage of their market position."
And some of these disease aren't all that rare. Dr. Peter Hotez, dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at the Baylor College of Medicine, says certain neglected tropical diseases in the U.S. are surprisingly widespread, especially among those who may not be able to afford treatment.
For example, he estimates that 1.1 million Americans are annually diagnosed with a parasitic infection called toxoplasmosis. The treatment is Daraprim; four 25 mg tablets currently cost between $3,000 and $3,400 on the U.S. market.
"We have now identified nearly half-a-dozen neglected tropical diseases that are widespread in the U.S. among the poor, especially in the American South," says Hotez, who last year published Blue Marble Health, a book evaluating neglected diseases in America. "In all, I estimate that 12 million Americans now live in extreme poverty with a neglected tropical disease."
Some of them are in Lowndes County, Ala., where a community of individuals was recently discovered to have hookworm. The average income in the county is just $18,036.
If patients don't have health insurance, they must pay the full price for prescriptions or skip treatment altogether.
"Some of the people in Lowndes County are living off $600 or $700 a month," says Catherine Flowers, founder of Alabama Center for Rural Enterprise, a nonprofit that addresses poverty. "People have told me they sometimes have to choose between buying medication and eating."
In cases where patients have Medicaid, taxpayers bear the burden.
In the years following albendazole's price hike in 2011, Medicaid spending on the drug went from under $100,000 in 2008 to more than $7.5 million in 2013. Medicaid spending on Daraprim, another tropical disease drug that just experienced a price hike, went from $2.2 million in 2014 to $15.7 million in 2015.
Other times, U.S. patients bypass the system, Alpern says, by asking relatives in other countries to bring them the drug they need. In the United Kingdom, for example, 400 mg of albendazole costs just $2.
Why are prices so different in the U.S.?
"In other countries, there are price control methods. The government steps in to ensure drug prices do not increase by a certain amount," Alpern says. "There are no price control mechanisms in the U.S."
For patients with hookworm, there are few treatment alternatives in the U.S.
Mebendazole, which is less than half as effective as albendazole, according to hookworm expert Dr. David Diemert, is considered the second generic line of treatment for hookworm. Impax Laboratories also owns the rights to the drug. Between 2011 and 2016, mebendazole's price jumped more than 8,000 percent, from $4.50 to $369.
Hotez agrees with Alpern's theory that pharmaceutical companies have a profit motive.
"Presumably, small companies see a niche to make some quick cash," Hotez says. Meanwhile, in low-income countries, he says, "many of these drugs are being donated for free [by pharmaceutical companies]. As an example, albendazole is donated by GlaxoSmithKline."
According to its website, Impax is "committed to making ENVERM [mebendazole] more affordable." The pharmaceutical company shared an online coupon that can save patients up to $60 for a prescription that would cost more than $369.
Alpern hopes to see more companies start manufacturing the generic version of the drug. In his eyes, that's the ultimate solution.
Nadia Whitehead is a freelance journalist and a science writer at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center El Paso. Her work has appeared in Science, The Washington Post and NPR. Find her on Twitter @NadiaMacias.
WAITING FOR ANSWERS: Friends and family of Ali Mosawi gathered at Pebbly Beach while the search continued. INSET: Missing teen Ali Mosawi.
EMOTIONAL scenes have played out on Clarence Valley's remote Pebbly Beach as family and friends vow to maintain a beach-side vigil until missing teenager Ali Mosawi is found.
The 17-year-old was swimming with four other people at the beach in Yuraygir National Park on Saturday afternoon, when they got into trouble in dangerous conditions. Three people made their way back to shore and assisted a fourth boy, but Ali hasn't been seen since. Police are now calling the search a recovery operation.
Yesterday morning, family members and friends held a prayer service at the site as emergency services got to work for a third day.
"It was very moving," Inspector Jo Reid said.
"It just brings home the deep religious faith and beliefs they have, and that underpins their reason for wanting to stay, and you can certainly understand that.
"They've indicated they'll stay as long as they need to so they bring him home."
Ali Mosawi, 17, became caught in a rip at Pebbly Beach in the Yuraygir National Park southeast of Grafton, just before 4pm on Saturday, 15th April, 2017. Frank Redward / Nine News
Hampered by large swell, the search - which involved local police, Surf Live Saving NSW volunteers, Wooli Marine Rescue and a Department of Fisheries helicopter - was called off about 2pm on Monday.
Insp Reid confirmed the operation was now moving into the recovery phase.
"We've done as much as we could for the day, and we'll head back out tomorrow (Tuesday) with water police and a land-based beach patrol in the hope he'll turn up," she told The Daily Examiner.
"The search will be scaled right back (today) and if it's not concluded we will reassess after that."
Ali Mosawi, 17, became caught in a rip at Pebbly Beach in the Yuraygir National Park, 55km north of Coffs Harbour, just before 4pm on Saturday, 15th April, 2017.
It is believed Ali was not a strong swimmer.
"They went out in a group which is one of the safety principles you want people to adhere to, but the surf is unforgivable and you've only got to get caught in a rip and one moment of panic can cost you," Insp Reid said.
"Especially in remote areas like that where help is far away."
Tributes have poured in for the teen, who was in Year 11 at Miller Technology High School in Western Sydney.
Sheltie Bryant told The Daily Telegraph that Ali was "a great friend".
"Whenever someone needed a friend to talk to he was always there and would put a smile on their faces and have their backs," she said.
"We were close, he was a hard worker at school and he loved auto class, he was always the top of auto.
"He would stand up for his boys at school ... I'm going to miss him so much."
She said he also enjoyed going fishing and was doing what he loved before he got swept away.
He had only turned 17 less than a month ago.
Ali's Facebook page shows that he visited Iraq earlier this year.
"He came back talking all about it and showing me photos and all that," Sheltie said.
A post on Facebook page "Shias in Australia" yesterday asked everyone to pray for "lost soul" Ali as the search operation continues.
State Releases Videos Made By Parkland, Fla., Shooting Defendant
Enlarge this image toggle caption Taimy Alvarez/AP Taimy Alvarez/AP
Prosecutors have released three cellphone videos recorded by Nikolas Cruz, in which he described his plans for the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla. Some of the videos appear to have been recorded the day of the shooting.
In one, Cruz says, "This is the day, the day that it all begins." In another, he lays out plans for the shooting. "My name is Nik. And I'm to be the next school shooter of 2018. My goal is at least 20 people with an AR-15 and a couple of tracer rounds."
He talks about taking Uber to the high school, going upstairs to use his weapon to shoot people in the courtyard below. Law enforcement officials say Cruz tried to shoot from inside the building into the courtyard but was unable to penetrate the school's impact-resistant glass.
The videos provide little insight into a motive for Cruz's February attack on the school in which 17 people died and at least 17 were injured. "I had enough of being told what to do," he says. "I had enough of ... telling me I'm an idiot and a dumbass. In real life, you're all the dumbass."
Prosecutors are likely to present the videos at trial as evidence the attack was premeditated. Cruz's defense lawyers have said he would agree to plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence. The state attorney says he'll seek the death penalty against Cruz.
“Rangers this morning searched coastline on the western side of Golden Bay to as far along the inner side of Farewell Spit as it was possible to go and no stranded live whales were seen,” the department said in a statement.
NEW YORK — U.S. authorities said a 19-year-old Canadian pleaded guilty to terrorism-related charges in connection with what they call an ISIS-inspired plot to target landmarks in New York City more than a year ago, including Times Square and the city's subway system.
The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York says the Canadian, identified as Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, of Mississauga, Ont., has been in custody since the FBI arrested him in New Jersey in May 2016.
The arrests were first announced Friday following a court's unsealing of federal terrorism charges against the three men.
The other two accused are identified as Talha Haroon, a 19-year-old U.S. citizen residing in Pakistan, and Russell Salic, 37, from the Philippines.
U.S. authorities allege the three men communicated through Internet messaging applications, allegedly plotting to carry out bombing and shootings in heavily populated areas of New York City during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan in 2016.
They also allege that while in Canada, El Bahnasawy purchased bomb-making materials and helped secure a cabin within driving distance of New York City to use for building the explosive devices and staging the attacks.
El Bahnasawy and Haroon began communicating with an undercover FBI agent posing as an ISIS supporter, and declared their allegiance to the terror group.
The release says El Bahnasawy stated to the agent that "[t]hese Americans need an attack" and that he aspired to "create the next 9/11" with plans to come to New York from Canada.
The statement also says he sent the agent a photo of Times Square, saying, "[W]e seriously need a car bomb at times square. . Look at these crowds of people!"
The RCMP issued a statement saying it collaborated with the FBI in the investigation that led to El Bahnasawy's arrest.
Test Boost Elite beyond your range of beginner sports, but, the use of a testosterone complement is seemed as appropriate by physicians and different wellness specialists, in particular while carried out in a prudent and cozy manner. There are a number of men inside the growing old population who're even prescribed testosterone dietary supplements as it doesn't best help with continual cardiovascular disorder manage, additionally, it makes them appear and sense plenty higher. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
SPORTS
(Yonhap)
North Korea has been invited to participate in the Paralympic Games in South Korea next month, the International Paralympic Committee said Friday.The IPC said that it has invited North Korea to take part in its first Winter Paralympics and offered two bipartite slots to athletes to compete in Para Nordic skiing events in PyeongChang, South Korea.In an inter-Korean meeting earlier this month, North Korea agreed to send a 150-member delegation of athletes, cheerleaders, an art troupe and reporters to the PyeongChang Winter Paralympics that run from March 9 to 18.The IPC said it also allowed the two Koreas to jointly march under a unified flag at the opening ceremony of the PyeongChang Paralympic Games. The South and the North have already agreed to march together at the opening ceremony of the Feb. 9-25 PyeongChang Olympics.The IPC said the two North Korean athletes who were given the spots are sit-skiers Kim Jong-hyon and Ma Yu-chol. Both made their international debut last month at a World Cup in Oberried, Germany.If North Korea accepts the IPC's invitation, the PyeongChang Paralympics will be the first Winter Paralympic Games North Korean athletes have participated in. The communist nation has only appeared at two previous Summer Paralympics: London 2012 and Rio de Janeiro 2016."I think North Korea's participation will send out a very strong message of bringing peace through sport," IPC President Andrew Parsons said in a release. "For both countries marching together at the opening and closing ceremonies will be a very historical moment." (Yonhap)
Police are seen near a damaged van in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Aaron Vincent Elkaim
The president of Toronto's police union says an officer's actions in arresting a suspect in Monday's deadly van attack was “one shining moment” in an otherwise horrific day.
Mike McCormack of the Toronto Police Association said the arrest, caught on videos that have been widely circulated on social media, has served as a glimmer of hope for a city caught in tragedy.
“It's one shining moment in an absolutely game-changing, abysmal, horrific day in the city of Toronto,” McCormack said in a phone interview Tuesday. “The one … positive to take away from that day was his behaviour.”
With the city still on edge following Monday's midday massacre, many social media users have hailed the officer as a paragon of restraint in the face of abject terror based on footage of his tense standoff with the alleged driver. It happened not far from the stretch of Yonge Street where a man driving a van killed 10 people and injured 15 others.
Related: 10 killed, 15 injured after van hits pedestrians in Toronto
In one of the videos, a man, asking to be killed, stands by a damaged white rental van and points a dark object towards the officer.
The officer refuses to shoot and repeatedly yells for the man to get down.
The suspect warns he has a gun in his pocket.
“Shoot me in the head,” the man can be heard saying.
From a highrise window, another video appears to show the suspect walking backwards with his arms raised as the officer moves towards him.
The suspect eventually goes to the ground and street-level footage shows the officer kneeling over him as he lies on the pavement.
“It could have gone either way. Any time if that threat escalated, we could have had a different outcome,” McCormack said of the arrest.
“He reacted to what he was seeing, what his training taught him, and we're extremely proud of him. He may have prevented additional deaths.”
McCormack said the officer was one of many first responders who ran towards the danger as the van mounted the sidewalk between Finch Avenue and Sheppard Avenue.
Officers pushed pedestrians out of the van's path, performed CPR and attended to “mangled” victims, said McCormack.
Even for seasoned officers, he said, the carnage was among the worst they had ever witnessed.
McCormack has been in touch with the unidentified arresting officer, who he said is overwhelmed with emotion, but eager to get back on the streets.
“He's more concerned with the victims … than what he has done.”
McCormack said that while the officer maintains his actions were “no big deal,” as the adrenaline fades, he will have to face the magnitude of what he's gone through.
He confronted a man accused in an attack that left 25 people wounded or killed, and both suspect and officer lived to tell the tale, McCormack said.
“(There's) this whole notion that police officers go out and shoot first and ask questions later,” he said. “Many times our officers are dealing with people in situations that's resolved in a peaceful way.
“It was demonstrated in an overwhelmingly clear fashion … what police officers are really about, and what they really do.”
Nicole Thompson, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
‘Kremlin List' Made Public: What's in Store for US-Russia Relationship? by Alex Gorka – Strategic-Culture
So, the long-awaited “Kremlin List” happened to be a purely formal action. What was made public is just a meaningless compilation of names partly taken from a phonebook with some of them cribbed from the Forbes' Billionaires list – a kind of Who Is Who reference publication. The administration had to release the document as required by law, so it adopted the “get what you want and leave me alone” approach. At least, that's what the unclassified part of the report looks like. Technically correct, the list is just a mockery in its essence. Nothing in the report indicates that the US is in possession of information about the individuals' involvement in any wrongdoings. The paper says it is not a sanctions list though Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said it would result in restrictive measures. He did not specify the date.
It's not the “Kremlin List” that really matters. On Jan.29, one day before the document was made public, Republican members of the House Intelligence Committee voted to release a classified memorandum, revealing the misconduct by the FBI and the Justice Department in the Russia investigation. The paper expresses grave concern over the way the investigation, launched by the Obama administration, was conducted. The lawmakers took the decision ignoring the position of the Justice Department, which had warned not take this “extraordinary reckless” step. It's highly probable that if an investigation into the abuses is launched, the trail will lead to Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama.
It's not Donald Trump but rather his opponents who will be at center of the scandal with media raising ballyhoo (and they will do it as practice shows). Everything will turn around to put the Democratic backers of Hillary Clinton on the defensive with the president's hands untied giving him much more freedom to implement his Russia policy. He won't keep one eye on Congress when it comes to dealing with Russia. Trump will become the defender of democracy threatened by Clinton's camp. The “Kremlin's List” will be on the backburner.
Russia knows well all the ins and outs of US politics. It is reserved and patient but it cannot forever abstain from striking back. Both governments realize this fact and act accordingly. They don't sever the contacts, so that wouldn't have to start from scratch when the times change.
On the contrary, they do what is possible under the circumstances. It's enough to look at the news that doesn't hit headlines but tells about the events of great significance. For instance, Sergey Naryshkin, the head of Russian foreign intelligence service, has recently visited the United States to discuss terrorism. The Russian foreign intelligence chief is under sanctions but the visit was important enough to make the US executive turn a blind eye on this fact. Naryshkin was granted entry to the country. It's hard to imagine such a high-ranking official coming alone.
So, the information exchange with Russia is too important to be affected by ups and downs in the relationship. It's enough to remember how the interaction between the intelligence services of both countries prevented a terrorist act in Saint Petersburg last December. In his recent interview with Russian Echo Moskvy (Echo of Moscow) radio station, US Ambassador to Moscow Jon Huntsman said the time is propitious for a Russia-US bilateral summit. He also emphasized the importance of military-to-military communications. Until now, the leaders have met only on the sidelines of top-level international events. A summit could change a lot of things, addressing many problems beyond the scope of bilateral relationship.
2018 is an election year in the United States. The Democrats' chances will diminish greatly when the secret memo is released. With economy going strong, the chances for Republicans to strengthen their position in both houses look good enough. So do the opportunities for the president to keep his pre-election promise to improve the relationship with Russia.
Source Link – Strategic-Culture
Sharing is caring!
HOUSTON — Carlos Correa, Jose Altuve and the high-powered Astros led the majors in runs, hits and batting average in the regular season.
Now that it's playoff time, Houston is still hammering away.
Correa homered, doubled and drove in four runs, Altuve got two more hits and the Astros battered the Boston Red Sox 8-2 Friday to take a commanding 2-0 lead in the AL Division Series.
George Springer also homered to back Dallas Keuchel in Houston's second straight romp by the exact same score.
"One through nine, everybody can do damage, everybody can go deep," Correa said. "That's the good thing about our lineup, there are no holes in our lineup, and we feel very confident no matter if we went 0 for 4 the day before or if we went 4 for 4."
The Astros will go for a sweep in the best-of-five matchup Sunday at Fenway Park, a year after Boston was swept in the ALDS by Cleveland. Brad Peacock (13-2) starts for Houston against Doug Fister (5-9).
"We couldn't really script it any better," Keuchel said.
A day after Altuve hit three home runs in the playoff opener, he got things going with a two-out single in the first inning off Drew Pomeranz. Correa, who went 0 for 4 on Thursday, made it 2-0 when he launched a towering shot onto the train tracks atop left field.
"For me if he's not No. 1, he's No. 2 in the league," Altuve said of Correa, often referring to him as his little brother. "One of the best players, I'm really happy to have him on my team. Believe it or not I have learned from him."
Keuchel pitched into the sixth, allowing one run and three hits while striking out seven to improve to 3-0 with a 0.96 ERA in three career post-season starts.
LONDON — As Roger Federer was winning 35 consecutive service points at Wimbledon on Wednesday — yes, 35 in a row — a Centre Court spectator cheered him on while wearing a red shirt with white lettering that said, "PeRFect."
The Swiss great comes pretty close to living up to that at times.
Federer moved into the third round at the England Club as he chases his record-extending ninth championship there, using close-to-impeccable serving to beat 73rd-ranked Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1.
The 36-year-old Federer compiled 48 winners and just 11 unforced errors. He won 40 of 43 first-serve points, never faced a break chance, and delivered 16 aces.
"Sometimes your serve matches up better against certain players," he said. "There's no doubt about that."
Talk about an understatement.
At 4-3, 40-30, Federer hit a 118 mph ace to hold and start his roll that included the last five points he served in the first set, all 20 in the second, and then the first 10 of the third. By then, it was so dominant that one television announcer was moved to jokingly exclaim, "Come on, double-fault!"
Federer did not oblige, but moments later, he did lose a point he served at 4-1, 30-love, when Lacko smacked a down-the-line backhand passing winner.
"I think (what's) important when you want to serve well is your point-for-point mentality, saying, maybe, 'The first point is as important as a break point,' so the concentration is the same," Federer explained. "Trying to remember all the things you've done throughout the entire match — what has worked, what hasn't worked."
Very little did not work on this day, and he's allowed his two opponents to collect a total of 17 games through six sets.
NATCHITOCHES, La. — Kalob Ledoux had a career-best 34 points as McNeese rolled over Northwestern State 75-62 to even its Southland Conference record on Saturday afternoon.
Ledoux drained seven 3-pointers on eight attempts. Quatarrius Wilson had 13 points to go with his 15 rebounds for his eighth double double of the season and Jarren Greenwood added 11 points while dishing out five assists for McNeese (8-12, 5-5).
The Cowboys nailed 10 of 20 from long range, while Northwestern State was just 1 of 11 from deep.
McNeese, which led throughout except for a few minutes in the first half, was ahead 35-25 at the break. Northwestern State closed to 63-58 with 5:48 left. Ledoux answered with a jumper as the Cowboys finished on a 12-4 run.
SK Exclusive: Real reason why the WWE is not pushing Mike Kanellis
Mike Kanellis isn't in the WWE's best graces.
@billibhatti by Billi Bhatti News 15 Aug 2017, 01:32 IST
Kanellis has drawn the ire of the WWE brass
What's the story?
As reported by The Dirty Sheets via our "DS Breaking News" show on YouTube and iTunes, the WWE hasn't pushed Mike Kanellis because he arrived in less than stellar physical shape. You can watch the video by clicking the YouTube link below.
In case you didn't know...
Mike Kanellis, formerly Mike Bennett, debuted at the Money in the Bank PPV without much promotion.
We were the first people break the story about him coming to the WWE. You can read our story here.
The heart of the matter
Many hardcore fans have questioned the booking of Kanellis since his debut, with some even branding Kanellis a "jobber" on Twitter.
However, we can exclusively reveal that the WWE is not high on Kanellis because of the shape he arrived in.
Our source revealed the feeling within the WWE is, "Mike signed two months before he came in and it looks like he just sat on his couch. The company don't get it. He's one of the guys who said it's his dream to be here and he doesn't even get in shape for it."
What's next?
Kanellis is unlikely to even occupy a spot on upcoming SummerSlam card, with 12 matches already set for the summer spectacular.
Author's take
I was one of the many who questioned Bennett's poor booking. However, the reasoning I was given makes a lot of sense. Even though he had the opportunity to use the WWE's Performance Centre and get into the best shape of his career, he failed to do anything during his time off. While the couch comment may be slightly harsh, it certainly isn't out of left field.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
WEST SPRINGFIELD -- Mayor William C. Reichelt and at-large Councilor Brian J. Griffin were among the city officials who recently honored Sorrento Pizza & Restaurant on the restaurant's 40th birthday in West Springfield.
The family business at 660 Kings Highway opened in 1978, roughly seven years after Nicola Albano and his wife, Esterina Calabrese Albano, arrived in the U.S. from Italy.
"Sorrento is a place where everyone gets treated like family," said Griffin. "It started with a dream of Mr. and Mrs. Albano to come to America from Italy and has blossomed into greatness."
Today, Sorrento is run by Patsy and Sheila Albano, the husband-and-wife owners of the restaurant. Patsy, or "Pasquale" as he's formally known, is the son of Nicola and Esterina. The couple also has two other adult children, Assunta and Consiglia.
Patsy, who grew up working in the family restaurant, "has taken it to the next level," Griffin said. The Albano family's "support of the West Side community is greatly appreciated," the councilor said.
Because the restaurant was established on May, 17, 1978, Reichelt declared this May 17 to be "Sorrento Pizza and Restaurant Day" in honor of the restaurant's 40th anniversary.
Nicola retired in August 2008, entrusting Patsy "with the future of Sorrento Pizza and Restaurant," says the official mayoral proclamation that was presented to the Albano family.
Just as Nicola passed on the family business to his son, Patsy is now mentoring his son, also named Nicola, to some day take over the family business after Patsy retires.
Fans of the restaurant flocked to social media to express their gratitude to the family business.
"Thank you for so many delicious meals over the years!" said Heather Sullivan. "You are the best! Cheers to 40 more years!"
The Albano family is known for its benevolence, including helping out employees who need assistance, and for taking pride in their business and community. This time last year, they helped raise money for an employee of the restaurant who was seriously injured in a car crash.
The A47 between Wansford and Sutton is to become a dual carriageway, Highways England announced this morning (Monday, August 14).
The upgrade is part of a multi-million pound set of works across the East of England to improve the A47.
The map of improvements from Highways England
The works were first announced in January but were subject to consultation.
At the time, North West Cambridgeshire MP Shailesh Vara said: “This announcement is excellent news for local businesses, residents and commuters.
“Peterborough is one of the fastest growing cities in the country and the removal of traffic pinch-points relieves congestion, decreases travel time and drives local economic growth.
“Making this section of the A47 into a dual carriageway gives us an important opportunity to address historic safety concerns which have led to a number of tragic accidents in recent years.”
Highways England is to dual three parts of the 115 mile stretch of the A47 between Peterborough and Great Yarmouth, improving several junctions and roundabouts.
On the Wansford to Sutton improvements, it states: “Option 2 was chosen for dualling the A47 between the A1 junction at Wansford and the dual carriageway section west of Peterborough.
“This will include building a new dual carriageway to the north, at the western end, and to the south, at the eastern end. There will also be a dedicated slip road from the A1 southbound to the A47 eastbound to alleviate congestion at the junction.
“Since the consultation, the alignment has been amended to address some of the key concerns raised.”
Philip Davie, Highways England programme leader for the A47, said: “Delivery of these projects will improve users journey times and safety, so this work is a priority for Highways England.
“We have listened to the publics' views and these have helped shape and inform our approach to our proposed schemes. Work now continues, adding detail to the design for each of the dualling and junction improvements and on planning how we will deliver them in a way that keeps traffic moving.
“I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for taking part. There will be further opportunities to have your say as the schemes develop.”
Around Norwich, work includes dualling of the A47 between North Tuddenham and Easton, further east, between Blofield and North Burlingham, along with junction improvements at the Thickthorn Interchange with the A11 plus two busy junctions in Great Yarmouth, on what was formerly the A12.
The Guyhirn junction with the A141 is also to be dualled.
The six consultations into the £300 million works were held between March 13 and April 21 this year.
In total, 1,447 people had their say, with 1,333 attending the 19 public events.
The Tigers quickly took the lead in the bottom of the sixth, loading the bases against Cam Bedrosian (1-1) on a single, a walk and a hit by pitch. Greyson Greiner struck out, but Iglesias lined a two-run single to centre to put Detroit ahead 3-1.
Louis Coleman (2-0) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of relief.
YANKEES 5, ASTROS 3
NEW YORK (AP) — Luis Severino struck out 11 in seven overpowering innings, beating longtime Yankees nemesis Dallas Keuchel for the second time this year.
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 slump with a two-run single and the Yankees took two of three from the reigning World Series champions this week to win the season series 5-2.
Severino (8-1) allowed four hits, including Max Stassi's two-run homer, and walked one in winning his sixth consecutive decision. Aroldis Chapman got three outs for his 12th save.
After dominating the Yankees for years, Keuchel (3-7) dropped his third straight start against them — including the playoffs. The left-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings.
NATIONALS 2, ORIOLES 0
BALTIMORE (AP) — Max Scherzer pitched eight innings of two-hit ball to earn his eighth consecutive victory, Bryce Harper hit his 18th homer and the Nationals finished a three-game series sweep.
Scherzer (9-1) struck out 12, walked one and retired 24 of 27 batters. Sean Doolittle gave up two singles in the ninth, but notched his 13th save.
Washington has won six straight overall and 10 in a row on the road, the team's longest run since moving from Montreal in 2005.
Baltimore rookie David Hess (2-2) gave up one run and four hits over six innings.
PIRATES 2, CUBS 1
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Joe Musgrove pitched seven strong innings for Pittsburgh, and his hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals.
Musgrove (2-0) helped stop the Pirates' four-game losing streak, permitting one run and seven hits. He also slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
The Cubs had won three in a row. Chicago's Kyle Hendricks (4-4) surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings.
INDIANS 9, WHITE SOX 1
CLEVELAND (AP) — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as Cleveland rolled to its fifth straight win.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team. The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits and struck out 10.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended his MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
BREWERS 3, CARDINALS 2
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in his return from Tommy John surgery, but Orlando Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee's two-run seventh
Making his first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016, Reyes allowed three hits, struck out two and walked two.
With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for his fifth save.
Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
RED SOX 6, BLUE JAYS 4
BOSTON (AP) — J.D. Martinez hit a tiebreaking two-run homer over the Green Monster, and the Red Sox completed a three-game series sweep.
Martinez tied for the major league lead with his 18th homer, snapping a 2-2 tie in the sixth.
Eduardo Nunez hit a solo homer and an RBI double for Boston, which has won nine of 11 and has the best record in the major leagues at 39-17.
Teoscar Hernandez hit a two-run homer for the Blue Jays, who have lost 13 of 17. Sam Gaviglio (2-1) gave up four runs in six innings.
Eduardo Rodriguez (6-1) struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings for Boston, and Craig Kimbrel got three outs for his 18th save.
METS 4, BRAVES 1
ATLANTA (AP) — Brandon Nimmo and Adrian Gonzalez each drove in two runs, leading the Mets to a sorely needed victory.
Jason Vargas (2-3) pitched five scoreless innings for New York, which had lost seven of nine. Robert Gsellman worked the ninth for his second save.
Atlanta dropped into second place in the NL East, one-half game behind Washington. The Nationals and Braves begin a four-game series at SunTrust Park on Thursday.
Braves starter Julio Teheran (4-3) pitched seven innings of two-run ball.
ROYALS 11, TWINS 8
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Mike Moustakas and Jorge Soler homered, powering Kansas City to the win.
Moustakas drove in four runs. Soler had four hits for the Royals, who led 9-0 after two innings.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters he faced and earned the victory. Kelvin Herrera worked the ninth for his 12th save.
Twins rookie Fernando Romero (3-2) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings.
Minnesota slugger Miguel Sano had two hits and three RBIs.
GIANTS 7, ROCKIES 4
DENVER (AP) — Brandon Crawford kept up his May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles, Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in centre field to thwart a rally, and the Giants avoided being swept.
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI. He's hitting .412 this month, raising his season average from .189 to .307.
The Giants snapped a three-game skid. Derek Holland (3-6) pitched five innings for the win, and Hunter Strickland worked the ninth for his 11th save.
Nolan Arenado hit a three-run homer for Colorado. Harrison Musgrave (0-1) got the loss.
REDS 7, DIAMONDBACKS 4
PHOENIX (AP) — Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and Cincinnati rallied for the victory.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Sal Romano (3-6) pitched five innings in his first win since May 4, and Raisel Iglesias got four outs for his ninth save.
DODGERS 8, PHILLIES 2
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Ross Stripling struck out nine over seven strong innings, Matt Kemp homered and drove in four runs, and Los Angeles beat Philadelphia.
Stripling, who pitched out of the bullpen the first month of the season, has 28 strikeouts and two earned runs allowed over his last three outings. Stripling (3-1) gave up a run and four hits to win his third straight start and lower his ERA as a starter to 2.18, with a 1.68 mark overall.
Kemp had an RBI double in the first inning, a two-run home run in the third and a sacrifice fly in the eighth as he recorded his team-leading 16th multi-hit game and second in two nights. His two hits moved him into the National League lead with a .345 batting average.
Phillies starter Zach Eflin (1-2) lasted just four innings, giving up five runs and seven hits. Nick Williams homered for Philadelphia, his sixth of the season and second in two games.
PADRES 3, MARLINS 2
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Pinch-hitter Hunter Renfroe's infield single in the ninth inning led to two runs when third baseman Miguel Rojas followed with a throwing error, lifting San Diego past Miami.
Closer Brad Ziegler (0-5) coughed up a one-run lead when he loaded the bases with one out. Renfroe hit a chopper to Rojas, who was charging. He double-clutched his throw, which was low to first baseman Justin Bour. When the ball skipped away from Bour, Freddy Galvis came home with the winning run.
Matt Strahm (1-2) got the win for working the final two innings.
The Marlins lost for the 14th straight start by Jose Urena, a franchise record, which included 12 from this year.
RANGERS 7, MARINERS 6
SEATTLE (AP) — Robinson Chirinos' tiebreaking two-run double in the seventh inning capped another late-inning rally, lifting Texas past Seattle.
The Rangers did damage in back-to-back nights against a wild and ineffective Seattle bullpen, which surrendered five runs in the sixth and seventh innings.
Delino DeShields (walk) and Shin-Soo Choo (single) reached base for Texas to open the seventh against right-hander Ryan Cook. Two batters later, Nomar Mazara greeted left-hander Marc Rzepczynski with a sharp two-run single to centre field to tie the game at 5-all.
Rzepczynski (0-1) walked Jurickson Profar and Joey Gallo before he was pulled.
Against Juan Nicasio, Seattle's third pitcher of the inning, Chirinos lined a hit off Ryon Healy's glove at first base, easily scoring the go-ahead runs.
Tony Barnette (1-0) picked up his first win of the season in relief of Matt Moore. Keone Kela earned his 12th save, giving up an RBI single in the ninth to Nelson Cruz.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
The programme, involving the Abu Dhabi Tourism & Culture Authority (TCA Abu Dhabi), the French Embassy and the Institut Francais, saw UAE-based actors and comedians trained by professionals from the French National Academy of Dramatic Arts in Abu Dhabi and Paris between November 2016 to January 2017 following an open-call audition.
Business News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
Ricardo Topham, Senior Market & Business Analyst, SES
Despite Ghana's slow transition from analogue to digital terrestrial, satellite operator, SES, has succeeded in breaking the digitization market by reaching four million TV homes in Ghana.
A Satellite Monitor study commissioned by SES after expanding its technical reach in Ghana, now serves four million TV homes, compared to two million in 2015.
According to the results, satellite has seen a rapid growth in Ghana aside becoming the leading delivery mode in Ghana.
The nationwide study, conducted between October and December 2017, disclosed that out of six million TV homes, four million are directly reached by satellite, an 83% increase compared to 2015 while the remaining two million homes are fed by terrestrial networks, representing a 40% decline since 2015.
The breakdown by the world-leading satellite operator with more than 50 satellites in Geostationary Earth Orbit (GEO) also illustrates the important role of satellite for the digital switchover, serving 95% of digital TV homes.
This means that Digital TV has expanded in the country, with 69% of homes receiving digital TV signals, up from 40% in 2015.
The annual market research study, commissioned by SES and carried out by various independent institutes, was conducted in Ghana in 2013 and 2015 with the current study launched in Accra on Tuesday.
In an interview with www.ghanaweb.com, Vice President Marketing at SES, Paul Freeman, said he sees a potential market upsurge when it comes to digitization in Ghana.
He revealed that Ghana adopted more quickly than other African marketplaces like Nigeria, Morocco, Tanzania, and Uganda, hence Ghana was the most promising in terms of large investment opportunities.
Meanwhile, Vice President of Sales & Market Development for Africa, SES Video, Clint Brown, said the Satellite Monitor results for the Ghanaian market clearly showed the strong role of satellite broadcasting within the television infrastructure and SES as an enabler to bring digital TV to the highest number of homes in the country.
According to him, his outfit is committed to boosting TV growth in the Ghanaian market, as well as “helping broadcasters and content programmers seize opportunities to gain more viewers. Our extensive reach in the market, along with our video end-to-end solutions, will certainly contribute to achieving that goal.”
Many of us grew up with traditions we follow at holiday time. Time and location of family meals, when and how to open gifts, special activities such as caroling or church services, are some of the makings of holiday traditions.
In America, there are many different holiday traditions, as our “melting pot” culture has brought many nationalities and traditions together.
Feasting is a typical holiday tradition of every nation, and my family's holiday food traditions are reflective of our melting pot of cultures, too. The Christmas eve buffet in my family includes Swedish potato sausage and ost kaka, a Swedish cheesecake dessert, borrowed from our Swedish neighbors in the Smoky Hill River valley between Salina and Lindsborg. My grandmother's English heritage is reflected in the oyster stuffing, and my German aunt contributed dark brown bread and her delicious German potato salad made with dill pickles, green olives and tuna.
Why do we eat certain special foods at holiday time?
Roger Adams, a Kansas State University rare books librarian, has studied the history of traditional holiday foods, including the figgy pudding requested in “We Wish You a Merry Christmas,” the drink referred to in “Here We Come A-Wassailing,” the sugarplums that danced in children's heads in “‘Twas the Night Before Christmas,” and the once-beloved but now much-maligned fruitcake- the “Rodney Dangerfield of the food world” that gets no respect.
Adams said the reason for the fruitcake's devaluation in public opinion is because of the quality and type of ingredients that are used. Today's recipe is nearly unrecognizable from the fruitcake of the past, said Adams, who can point to recipes found in cookbooks dating back to 1487 that are part of K-State Libraries' Morse Department of Special Collections.
Fruitcake traces its origins to ancient Rome, where it included pine nuts, pomegranate seeds, and raisins in a barley mash. By the Middle Ages in Europe, additional dried fruits were added, as well as honey and spices.
The original fruitcake was thoroughly saturated with alcohol such as brandy or rum, which acts as a preservative to keep the ingredients from spoiling or getting rancid over time. Adams said this focus on preservation is consistent with most traditional Christmas foods, which came from the need in older times to preserve foods through the winter.
This trend is also seen in jam cookies and sugarplums – the latter of which were considered an ideal treat for children because they did not contain alcohol, unlike many other traditional Christmas foods. This is likely why they were connected to children in the 1823 poem, “‘Twas the Night Before Christmas.”
Mincemeat pie also was a preservation-focused holiday treat. Adams clarifies that the original pies did contain meat, as well as suet and dried fruits – especially raisins, which he said are a “must” in every mince pie.
The traditional puddings of England, including the figgy pudding we continue to sing about, were much different from the puddings that are popular in the U.S. today. The traditional puddings were more cakelike and often included raisins or other dried fruits – hence the figs in figgy pudding. These puddings were soaked in plenty of alcohol, usually rum. Families would gather during Advent and light the pudding cakes on fire to create a celebratory flaming dessert, like flambé.
Wassail, a warm Christmas punch, is a once-popular Christmas drink. Because of its warm serving temperature and its inclusion of alcohol, which warms the body, it was not uncommon in the U.S. as late as the 19th century to find people traveling around, visiting relatives and drinking wassail to stay warm.
Christmas is a good time to talk with older family members about the traditional holiday foods they ate when they were children. Dust off an old family or community cookbook and explore what past generations ate at Christmas. That will make holiday culinary traditions even more meaningful as family members continue to share them today.
Linda K. Beech is Ellis County Extension Agent for Family and Consumer Sciences.
As science continues to advance, so, too, does the idea of a male birth control pill. Various researchers have been trying to create a male oral contraceptive for a while now. The latest? A potential male contraceptive pill that may prevent sperm from swimming… at least temporarily. The pill would be created from a compound known as EP055. And it works by binding itself to sperm proteins and slowing the sperm down, reports Medical Daily.
Dr. Michael O'Rand, president and CEO of Eppin Pharma, Inc. and retired professor of cell biology and physiology from the University of North Carolina, was the lead researcher of the study, titled “Inhibition of sperm motility in male macaques with EP055, a potential non-hormonal male contraceptive.” It was just published in the journal PLOS on April 19, 2018.
In fact, in 2004, Dr. O'Rand's lab at the UNC School of Medicine discovered the protein Eppin, the protein that coats the sperm cell. They then created EP055 that would bind to Eppin — the combo causes the sperm to stop swimming. “Simply put, the compound turns off the sperm's ability to swim, significantly limiting fertilization capabilities,” Dr. O'Rand told MedicalResearch.com. “This makes EP055 an ideal candidate for non-hormonal male contraception.”
Yes, you read that correctly — no hormonal side effects, which is amazing in and of itself since oral contraceptives for women do contain hormones. Dr. Sherry A. Ross, Women's Health Expert and Author of she-ology, agrees. “EP055 is a very promising male contraception that does not have any hormonal side effects, which has been a major obstacle in creating an effective birth control for men,” she tells Bustle. “The notion of turning off and paralyzing the sperm's ability to swim upstream to fertilize the egg is exciting.”
How The Study Was Done
Andrew Zaeh for Bustle
Though human trials have yet to be done, EP055 was tested on rhesus macaques, a monkey species native to northern India, according to Medical Daily. The monkeys received a high-dose infusion and, 30 hours later, their sperm couldn't move. After 18 days, their sperm returned to their swimming state. Furthermore, no monkeys had negative reactions. So, a new potential male contraceptive that is not only reversible, but one that may not have side effects? This could be revolutionary for birth control.
However, no one can yet predict what affect EP055 will have in humans. Dr. Michael Krychman, Executive Director of the Southern California Center for Sexual Health and Survivorship Medicine and co-author of The Sexual Spark: 20 Essential Exercises to Reignite the Passion, weighs in on that issue. “It's important to address issues of adverse effects in human males, and to ensure that hormones — especially testosterone — do not get altered,” he tells Bustle.
What's Next For EP055
Ashley Batz/Bustle
According to his interview with MedicalResearch.com, Dr. O'Rand said the research team behind EP055 is currently working on creating an oral version of EP055. In addition, pregnancy prevention would have to be tested in mating trials. Dr. O'Rand also said they're working toward a phase one human trial.
Of course, it goes without saying that if EP055 were to work as a form of oral contraception for men, it would be a game-changer. “Even though more studies are needed, researchers are getting closer to having men join in on the responsibility of birth control,” Dr. Ross says. “Women have been waiting a lifetime to have men take the ‘control' in birth control — the burden of preventing pregnancy has fallen primarily on women. A non-hormonal male birth control option would be a welcomed option for both men and women.”
Dr. Krychman is optimistic, too, but with a couple of conditions. “If hormones remain unchanged and it is reversible, where new sperm are unaffected and can swim again, it would be something men would consider. Otherwise, men may be apprehensive to jump on the bandwagon with respect to male contraception if it impacts hormones, affects their libido, and/or ultimately affects erectile strength rigidity.”
In any case, the prospect of a male contraceptive pill is intriguing. Meanwhile, until EP005 is tested in human clinical trials, all one can do is hope that they go well.
As the beef between Pusha-T and Drake continues to heat up, the internet remains undefeated in its reactions to the longtime rivals' back-and-forth banter. It goes without saying that social media always reigns supreme when it comes to weighing in on celeb drama. However, fan reactions to Pusha's "The Story of Adidon" Drake diss are seemingly more relentless than ever this time around.
On Tuesday night, Pusha dropped "The Story of Adidon" (which you can listen to here) in response to the most recent attack by Drake, which took aim at Pusha-T's street cred and lyrical content. Drake also expressed those thoughts on his 2016 diss track "Two Birds, One Stone" which took shots at both Pusha and his G.O.O.D music label mate Kid Cudi. In the “The Story of Adidon,” which features a throwback photo of Drake in blackface as its cover artwork, Pusha hits hard at the Toronto-born rapper inferring that he was “always afraid he wasn't black enough.” Amid the attack, Pusha-T also shockingly claims that Drake allegedly fathered a child with an adult film star. (Bustle reached out to Drake's team about these claims, but did not receive an immediate response.)
Responding to some of the backlash he's received over the song's cover image, Variety reported that Pusha tweeted, “Please stop referring to this picture as ‘artwork' …I'm not an internet baby, I don't edit images…this is a REAL picture…these are his truths, see for yourself.” He also added a link to David Leyes' website, the photographer responsible for the picture, according to BuzzFeed.
Shortly after the song hit airwaves, listeners jumped in to share their reactions to Pusha's retort. Judging from their comments, many have their popcorn popped and are ready to watch the situation between Pusha and Drake as it continues rapidly to unfold.
1. Brand Bashing
Music journalist Touré Neblett pointed out that "Adidon" is supposedly the name of Drake's upcoming Adidas line and alluded to the notion that Pusha's latest diss track will have a huge affect on its branding going forward.
2. Somebody Did Their Homework
One listener noted Pusha's commitment to telling his side of the story.
3. Please Explain
Referencing a line from Drake's "Portland" lyrics, another commenter thinks the Canadian rapper has some serious explaining to do.
4. The Beef Keeps Getting Better
Reminiscing on the legendary lyrical beef between JAY-Z and Nas from 2001, this fan thinks that Pusha takes the crown on this one.
5. Next Level
A Twitter fan pointed out how quickly things escalated in Drake and Pusha's feud.
6. Choosing Sides
This commenter is confused about some people's decision about the winner in this rap beef.
7. Secret Formula
Someone knows exactly what Drake needs to come out on top in this feud.
8. Ruthless
Another person points out all of the shocking comments Pusha-T made during his verbal attack on Drake in "The Story of Adidon."
9. Meme Masterpiece
This fan used an epic meme to express their thoughts on Pusha and Drake's battle.
10. This. Is. Not. A. Drill.
Someone initially thought that Drake and Pusha were trying to build hype around their albums, but later found out things were very real when Pusha dropped "The Story of Adidon."
11. Time To Call For Help
Meanwhile, one fan suggested that it was time for Drake to call in some special favors.
While the beef may seem new, fans of the rappers are most likely aware that this feud between Pusha and Drake has been brewing for years. Billboard reported that it dates back as far as the early to mid 2000s with Pusha sending thinly veiled shots Young Money boss, Lil Wayne, and later Drake. Although the seesaw exchanges between Push and Drake were seemingly a bit more spaced out and subliminal in the past, the May 25 release of Pusha-T's new album Daytona, which included a track entitled "Infrared," quickly kicked things into high gear upon its debut. The song, which was not-so-subtly aimed at Drake, once again called into question Drake's ability to write his own lyrics.
Drake immediately fired back with an verbal attack on "Duppy Freestyle," attacking the validity of Pusha's alleged drug dealing past. On the song, he also indicated that he's helped to write songs for Pusha's label head and sole producer of his album, Kanye West. Drake then ended by requesting to be paid from Pusha and West for giving them publicity by engaging in the beef. He later posted an invoice on Instagram asking to be paid $100K for his help.
West has been in the studio finishing up the two albums he's scheduled to drop on June 1 (solo) and June 8 (with Kid Cudi), and he has yet to comment on Pusha and Drake's revived beef, according to Variety. Yeezy's fiercely loyal persona, which has played large role in Pusha's career coupled with the fact that Drake also referenced him on "Duppy," makes it safe to say that 2018 is going to be yet another "Cruel Summer" from the G.O.O.D. Music team.
For the last few years, Samsung's Evo family of NVMe solid-state drives have been ranked as the best SSD by us and many other publications in the industry. Though these drives have never been the fastest, they're hardly the most expensive – putting them in a middle ground for flash storage that's five times faster than a typical SATA drive while still being affordable.
Three years and an equal number of iterations later, the Samsung 970 Evo continues to hold onto that crown yet again. With vastly quicker sequential write speeds, this is incredibly fast nevertheless even compared to most modern NVMe drives.
Features and price
The prices of Samsung's NVMe drives have been going down steadily with each successive generation, and thankfully that trend continues with the 970 line – though, you'll have to get into the one terabyte capacities to start noticing a discernible price drop.
With the Samsung 970 Evo 1TB priced at $449 (about £320, AU$590), you're looking at drive that costs 30 dollars less, meanwhile, there's now a 2TB version of the company's mid-range NVMe SSD for $849 (about £610, AU$1,120). Otherwise, the 250GB and 500GB drives still cost the same $119 (about £85, AU$160) and $229 (about £164, AU$300), respective to their predecessors.
This pricing scheme completely matches with WD's hotly announced Black NVMe SSDs with 250GB drives starting at $119 (£109, AU$189), followed quickly by $229 (£199, AU$359) 500GB and $449 (£377, AU$659) 1TB capacities.
Of course, the real comparison between all of these drives comes down to speed. The Samsung 970 Evo runs with the fastest sequential read speed of 3,500 MB/s and sequential write speed of up to 2,500 MB/s – dramatically faster than the 960 Evo's top-rated 3,200MB/s and 1,500MB/s sequential read and write speeds.
WD's new Black NVMe SSD wins with the fastest sequential write of 2,800MB/s, but a slower 3,400MB/s sequential read.
This is largely thanks to Samsung's mid-range drive adopting nearly the same 64-layer MLC V-NAND technology as its higher-end Pro brothers. Previously, the 960 Evo was built with a more affordable, but slower, form of TLC V-Nand. The updated Pro and Evo drives also share a newly designed Phoenix controller.
Topping that off, the Samsung solid-state drives also employ Intelligent TurboWrite technology to generate a large buffer of up to 78GB for even faster write speeds. With all of these improvements, Samsung claims the 970 Evo delivers 65% faster sequential write speeds.
Though it doesn't feature a fancy heat sink, like the Adata Gammix S11, Samsung does include Dynamic Thermal Guard technology to safeguard against overheating. The built-in hardware feature automatically monitors and maintains optimal operating temperatures, while a heat spreader and new nickel-coated controller further lower the SSD temperatures.
Image 1 of 6 Higher is better Image 2 of 6 Higher is better Image 3 of 6 Higher is better Image 4 of 6 Higher is better Image 5 of 6 Lower is better Image 6 of 6 Lower is better
Performance
The Samsung 970 Evo's dramatically faster write speeds look impressive on paper, and in our testing it proves to be as quick as it claims. The SSD actually peaks above its rated speeds despite us running the drive against our toughest Q-depth 32 CrystalDisk Mark benchmarks. All of the drives read and write speeds far outpace the 960 Evo – and even the higher-end Samsung 960 Pro .
This, topped off with slightly higher random write speeds, enables the 970 Evo to transfer a 10GB file in nearly half the time compared to its predecessor. Folder transfers see an even greater improvement reducing the amount of time needed from 25.2 seconds to 12.64 seconds.
The Samsung 970 Evo also just barely edges out its competition, the WD Black PCIe SSD, with faster random reads and writes, sequential reads as well as 10GB file and folder transfers.
Final verdict
Like a starter Pokémon, the Samsung 970 Evo has reached its full potential with its third evolution. Thanks to multiple improvements in the silicon, this drive is reads and writes faster than ever, can run for longer without overheating and is more affordable than ever at large capacities. For these reasons, we rank the Samsung 970 Evo with a perfect score and our Best in Class award.
A group, Citizens for Justice and Accountability (CJA) has petitioned the Special Prosecutor, Martin Amidu to probe the NDC Members of Parliament that have been accused of receiving double salaries while in office.
The group said prosecution of such officials will be a strong caveat for others in the future.
In a statement released to the media, they said: "We found the involvement of the minority leader and some key members of the minority NDC quite disheartening. There seems to be a growing sense of impunity in respect of corruption in this country.”
READ ALSO: Martin Amidu suggests he'll leave office if MPs who took double salaries are not prosecuted
It has emerged that some 19 National Democratic Congress (NDC) Members of Parliament who were Ministers under the erstwhile John Mahama administration took double salaries and are currently being investigated by the Criminal Investigations Department (CID) of the Ghana Police Service.
READ THE FULL STATEMENT BELOW
We are citizens of Ghana. We are enjoined by the Constitution and other laws of Ghana to demand accountability from those who exercise the powers of the State on our behalf. We are further invited by the laws of Ghana to report the commission of the crime to law enforcement agencies.
We are outraged by the news that some Members of Parliament and former ministers for 8 years in Government, under President Mahama, took double salary contrary to the terms of their engagement and the laws of Ghana.
We found the involvement of the minority leader and some key members of the minority NDC quite disheartening. There seems to be a growing sense of impunity in respect of corruption in this country.
To end this impunity, citizens must resort to the law to deal with the blatant plunder of public resources. The minority has so far admitted to receiving the double salary under former President Mahama. This admission establishes a prima facie case of wrongdoing.
We have noted the strenuous attempt to bury this shameful stealing of public resources because the alleged thieves are “Honorable Members”. If it was a case of an accountant in the public or civil service, he/she would have been dealt with according to the criminal laws of Ghana. If it was a hawker on the streets of Accra he would have been arrested immediately, denied bail and prosecuted with the speed of light and convicted harshly.
In this matter, we have decided to respond to the invitation by our laws in respect of crimes, particularly, the Special Prosecutor Act, by taking up this broad-daylight stealing of public money by some members of parliament.
We would, therefore, submit a written petition to the Special Prosecutor as required in section 26(1) of the Act establishing the Office of Special Prosecutor.
The gravamen of our petition would be that:
The Special Prosecutor investigate allegations that some Members of Parliament received double salaries for years without notifying or returning same to the appropriate agencies of State. That if the allegations are found to be true, the Special Prosecutor shall initiate criminal prosecutions against these individuals. That in addition to the prosecution, the Special Prosecutor shall take steps to cause the refund of all salaries received unlawfully by some minority MPs.
It is our hope that the good people of Ghana would support us in this fight so as to restore confidence in our democracy.
Ato Sam-Ghartey
Convener
Dennis Obeng Agyei
Ahmed Baba -Nah
Simon Suayam
MINNEAPOLIS — Three companies received $50,000 grants for winning the NFL's annual Super Bowl startup competition designed to spur novel advancements in athlete safety and performance.
Denver-based Impressio, Inc., RecoverX of Mountain View, California, and Toronto-based Curv.ai won the grants Saturday in a competition run by the NFL, Comcast NBCUniversal and Mayo Clinic.
Impressio uses liquid-crystal elastomers to create novel dissipative liner materials for protective equipment designed to overcome the existing challenges of energy absorption in current helmet foams.
RecoverX has designed a device that can achieve the optimum cold or hot therapy temperatures without any ice or water, designed to allow users more freedom for their therapy.
New Years weekend has been a whirlwind for hockey as the Mac's AAA Midget Hockey Tournament comes to an epic finale'.
The foothills CFR Chemical Bison's played 2 games New Years Eve, spanking the calgary royals 3 to 2, but they couldn't make it past the Saskatoon Contacts.
They suffered a 5 to 3 loss, which kept them out of the final game, and ended their perfect record in the tournament.
The Rocky Mountain Raiders Girls, However, made it all the way through to the final game, facing off against the Saskatoon Stars and took first place in the tournament.
The Raiders and Stars were tied at the end of the 3rd period, but would only need a few minutes in over time to pack away the winning goal. They win the Mac's AAA with a final score of 5 to 4.
The Mahathir government in Malaysia has pledged to cut the national debt, stamp out corruption and review major projects agreed by the scandal-plagued previous administration led by Najib Razak. Photo: Reuters
Kuala Lumpur: The project owner of Malaysia's $20 billion East Coast Railway Link has told its main Chinese contractor to suspend work, both companies said on Wednesday, raising uncertainty about the future of part of China's Belt and Road plan.
The 688 km (430 miles) East Coast Rail Link will connect the South China Sea in the east coast of Peninsula Malaysia with strategic shipping routes in the west and is a major part of China's infrastructure push across Asia and beyond.
The suspension comes as Malaysia seeks to renegotiate the terms of the deal with China.
Since a surprise election win in May, Malaysia's new government has pledged to cut the national debt, stamp out corruption and review major projects agreed by the scandal-plagued previous administration led by Najib Razak.
Financial news outlet The Edge first reported the halt in the project, referring to a letter sent from Malaysia Rail Link Sdn Bhd (MRL) to China Communications Construction Co Ltd (CCCC) that cited grounds of “national interest” among other reasons.
A spokesman for MRL confirmed the instruction to Reuters but declined to comment further.
CCCC said in a statement it regretted the suspension and was “upset and concerned” over the livelihood of its more than 2250 local staff and other indirect hires.
“We respect and comply with Malaysian laws. Under the situation we have no choice but to adhere to the suspension instruction,” it said, adding that it hoped the suspension would be lifted as soon as possible.
Malaysian finance minister Lim Guan Eng has said he planned to visit China soon to renegotiate the terms of the deal and said in a statement on Tuesday that the ECRL would only become economically feasible if there was a drastic reduction in costs.
Completing Malaysia's biggest rail project as previously planned would cost $20 billion, Lim said on Tuesday, nearly 50% higher than estimates under the previous government.
“We expect that the ECRL project will only become financially and economically feasible if there is a drastic price reduction of the project by the CCCC,” Lim said in a statement.
The new Malaysian government has also halted a rail project with Singapore.
BERGAMO, Italy — October 6, 2016 — RadiciGroup emissions reduced by 51% during the last 6 years. 51.6% of electricity used by Group plants in 2016 came from renewable sources. Strong emphasis on employee training, with 53,228 hours of courses in 2016. Real commitment to a sustainable supply chain.
The RadiciGroup 2016 Sustainability Report has been officially released. The document – available in Italian and English – reports on the objectives and goals achieved by the Group in the field of economic, environmental and social sustainability, sets new challenges for the organization and communicates its performance to all stakeholders in a transparent way.
The 2016 edition is the Group's 13th annual Sustainability Report, which, as in the prior year, has been drawn up according to the guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative – version 4 (GRI G4 Core). For the 6th year in a row, the Report has received external assurance by Certiquality, an accredited certification body.
In all, 21 RadiciGroup production companies, in addition to the parent company, supplied information and data for the 25 quantitative and qualitative performance indicators covered in the Sustainability Report. Over 70 people were involved in the preparation of the document.
“I am really proud of our Sustainability Report,” said Angelo Radici, president of RadiciGroup. “It represents a kind of Group ‘identity card' with an annual renewal date, which we see not only as certification of our history as a company committed to social responsibility – a trait that has defined us since our very beginning –, but also as motivation for new initiatives that will, year after year, reinforce our commitment to the social and economic development of the communities we are honoured to be a part of, operating at all times with due respect for the environment.”
Despite the fact that the margins for improvement are getting slimmer as a result of the extensive work done by the Group during previous years, all environmental performance indicators in 2016 turned out positive. For instance, 51.6% of the electrical energy used by RadiciGroup in 2016 came from renewable energy sources. This achievement was the result of a deliberate choice made by the company to shift increasingly more towards energy sources with lower environmental impact. During the past 6 years, this corporate policy led to an increase in the percentage of electricity from renewable energy sources, which went from 40.8% in 2011 to 51.6% in 2016.
In the same 6-year period, the Group also reduced its total consumption of energy from fossil sources per unit of product processed by 17.5% (from 7.6 GJ/t in 2011 to 6.3 GJ/t in 2016). Finally, thanks to an improved energy mix and a corporate strategy more heavily geared towards the use of Best Available Techniques, the emissions by Group companies during the last 6 years dropped from 1.00 tCO2eq/t (2011) down to 0.49 tCO2eq/t (2016), a 51% reduction.
Additionally, air emissions have consistently improved, with a 68% drop in pollutants, mostly due to the implementation of the latest generation abatement technologies, which have greatly contributed to the Group's improvement in overall environmental performance.
“Our Group has the capability to create wealth for all its stakeholders, but, at the same time, we are committed to reducing the amount of resources needed to generate it, “ stressed Maurizio Radici, vice president of RadiciGroup. “Such a goal is attained through our experience, the tireless efforts of every single employee, and, of course, ongoing investment to improve plant technology. We're aiming at environmental sustainability combined with economic sustainability. This strategy of resource optimization, plant efficiency improvement and energy consumption reduction provides the Group with the conditions for continuous growth.”
Indeed, from the Report, it can be seen that, while the Group's net total value added – understood as the capability of a company to generate wealth to be distributed among its stakeholders – increased during the last few years (over EUR 206 million in 2016, +12% compared to 2015), its resource consumption decreased, yielding a “virtuous” ratio.
“I'd say that our approach to sustainability can be summed up in these words: ecodesign and the circular economy,” Angelo Radici concluded. “In practical terms, it means that RadiciGroup is committed to developing low environmental impact materials and, what's more, having its products and processes certified. The Group can be considered an ideal upstream supplier for an ecodesign-oriented market, which thinks about materials even in terms of the end of their useful life, putting into practice the European Union's circular economy proposal. One of our greatest challenges, which we are concentrating on group-wide in all business areas, is the complete recyclability of our synthetic fibres: the goal is for all our textile products to be mechanically recycled, so they become new plastic materials for technical and industrial uses.”
Moving in this direction is Radici Novacips, a company in the RadiciGroup Performance Plastics Business Area (a manufacturer of polyamide and plastics engineering plastics with headquarters in Chignolo d'Isola in the province of Bergamo, Italy). The plant specializes in plastics recovery and the recycling of polymer scrap from all Group plants (polymerization and extrusion scrap and spinning waste). An Environmental Product Declaration (EPD) for the polyamide scrap recovery service has been independently verified and registered. Other plants in the Group's Performance Plastics Business Area, located around the globe, can thus use both the primary polymer raw material and the secondary recycled raw material.
Concerning social sustainability, the Report, as in the past, highlights the Group's workers: “As a private company, where we Radici brothers are the sole shareholders, we care greatly about our employees,” Maurizio Radici noted. “Not just our people who work here in Bergamo, where the Group was born and took its first steps (1,000 of the Group's 3,000 employees are based in Bergamo), but also everyone working in all the communities where the Group operates. One of the aspects we have invested in seriously in recent years is safety, and we've achieved good results. Last year alone, over 330 workers were involved in safety training sessions for a total of about 7,790 hours of classes and workshops. We plan to continue along the same lines in order to motivate all Group staff to build a real company culture of accident prevention.”
Training courses on other topics were also carried out, for example: management systems (quality, environment, energy, etc.), introduction to the new business management information systems, regulations and technical subjects needed to improve company processes, for a total of 53,228 hours of training in 2016.
However, to RadiciGroup, sustainability means more than products, production processes and organizational dynamics. Sustainability involves the entire system. This is why all RadiciGroup companies have published new Supplier and Customer Codes of Conduct: voluntary formal commitments shared with the key players in the supply chain to help make sustainability an integral part of business strategy. Both Codes identify the values that should guide the business activities of everyone who interacts – long or short-term – with the Group's companies. Legality, transparency, fairness, trust and collaboration are the principles underpinning the development of a supply chain focused not only on product and service quality, but also on the environmental, social and working conditions where the products are made.
Posted October 6, 2016
Source: RadiciGroup
The once vibrant market town of Mohill is in danger of dying according to a local councillor. Cllr Enda Stenson said the town is “on its knees” and made a passionate plea for Mohill to be saved.
“We cannot sit back and be seen to be helpless, something must be achievable to help revitalise a once vibrant town,” he said.
“Are we going to stand by and watch it disappear? That's what's in danger of happening now and I think it's extraordinary,” Cllr Stenson said.
Plea to “save the town from dying.”
The economic and social plight of Mohill Town was brought into sharp focus last Monday when Cllr Enda Stenson made a heartfelt plea for something to be done to “save the town from dying.”
Cllr Stenson brought up the matter at the monthly meeting of Carrick-on-Shannon Municipal District when he asked if there was anything that could be done to help revitalise the town of Mohill.
He referenced the fact that another shop had closed in the town in the past week or so and he said the people of the town, the businesses and the agencies cannot sit back and be seen to be helpless on this issue.
Cllr Stenson welcomed the reply from the Council (detailed below) of the current support structures in place and recognised the good work that is being done.
He noted all that is good about the town, the excellent schools and sports facilities, the Teagasc Office employing 12 people, the LAPWD Centre, the Canon Donohoe Hall community facility, the excellent shops, etc. “There are so many plusses but we can't seem to pull it all together,” he said.
He said that Mohill was once a thriving market and agricultural town but “the centre of the town is now dead.” He said this decline appears to have started about 20 years ago, why, he couldn't say.
“Mohill seems to have everything, but it has nothing. The town is really struggling. Are we going to just stand by and watch it disappear? That's what is in danger of happening now. I think it's extraordinary,” Cllr Stenson said.
His motion was supported by Cllr Séadhna Logan (Sinn Féin) who said it is not just Mohill that is struggling. He said it was important that they, as councillors, put forward a positive image of the town.
Cllr Sean McGowan (Fianna Fáil) also supported the motion and said he was sorry to see Gerard Stenson Hardware close down.
“Mohill really is dying on its knees,” he said. Cllr Stenson replied to that comment, “It is a pity, but it is a fact.”
Cllr McGowan asked the Council to work with the people who want to see Mohill succeed.
Cllr Logan suggested the Local Enterprise Office could promote the empty units in the town to which Director of Services, Joseph Gilhooley, outlined the various supports in place.
A male pedestrian suffered serious injuries in a collision with a car in Wisbech last night.
Police and ambulance crews were called at 9.42pm on Wednesday June 14 to reports of a collision in West Street, Wisbech.
The collision involved a pedestrian and a taxi.
The man, who is in his 20s, was taken to hospital. His injuries are believed to be serious, but not life threatening.
The vehicle stopped at the scene, but no arrests were made.
Have your say
Six people have been sentenced after a violent affray in Scarborough
Police were called to a report that a large group of people were fighting in the street outside a nightclub in Ramshill, Scarborough, in the early hours of June 11, 2017.
The disturbance resulted in four people being injured, including a man who received facial fractures and another who was knocked unconscious, police said. A plain-clothes police officer who arrived first on the scene was also assaulted.
Six people, all from Scarborough, pleaded guilty to affray, and were sentenced today at York Crown Court.
Harrison Pelucci, 23, of Londsborough Road, Scarborough, received 10 months' imprisonment, suspended for 18 months, and must carry out 240 hours of unpaid work.
Nathan Ford, 22, of Rowan Close, received 13 months' imprisonment suspended for 18 months, and must carry out 240 hours of unpaid work.
Aiden Pope, 22, of Lyell Street; Eleanor Wilmore, 20, of Lyell Street; Daniel Norman, 24, of Beulah Terrace; and Ronnie Davis, 22, of Sandybed Lane must all carry out 240 hours of unpaid work.
In addition, all have to pay victim surcharges and compensation to the victims.
Gymnast Simone Biles may be best known for her badass performance at the 2016 Olympics, but the 20-year-old is taking up a new sport: cheerleading.
Bob Levey/Getty Images
The superstar athletic was named the first-ever honorary cheerleader for the Houston Texans, and Biles got the opportunity to show off her spirit skills on the sidelines on Friday when the team took on the San Francisco 49ers.
She shared the entire experience on Instagram, and first posted a photo of herself in the cheerleading outfit, writing, “Officially ready for game day now that I got my legendary red boots.”
officially ready for game day now that I got my legendary red boots 🏈 A post shared by Simone Biles (@simonebiles) on Dec 8, 2017 at 11:08am PST
She chronicled her experience getting ready and hitting the field, and also shared a photo walking with boyfriend and fellow gymnast Stacey Ervin.
game day feels ❤️ so excited to dance at the Houston Texans Game! A post shared by Simone Biles (@simonebiles) on Dec 10, 2017 at 5:26am PST
my right hand 💋 A post shared by Simone Biles (@simonebiles) on Dec 10, 2017 at 4:41pm PST
I had such an amazing experience cheering at the Texans Game ❤️ Definitely a memory to last forever! A post shared by Simone Biles (@simonebiles) on Dec 10, 2017 at 5:47pm PST
“I had such an amazing experience cheering at the Texans Game,” she wrote, adding, “Definitely a memory to last forever!”
Biles also shared several videos on the Texans Cheerleaders Instagram profile, and said, “Hey Texans fans! It's HTC Simone and I'm so excited for today.”
💋🏅 A post shared by Houston Texans Cheerleaders (@texanscheerleaders) on Dec 10, 2017 at 10:19am PST
Snapchat = TexansCheerTeam❣️ #BabesOnParade🔥 #WeGotEmLooking👀 #SassLevel💯 #FollowTheLeaders☝🏻 #BattleRedDay🔴 #GoTexans🏈 A post shared by Houston Texans Cheerleaders (@texanscheerleaders) on Dec 10, 2017 at 8:06am PST
Our #HTCFamily just got bigger❣️ #BabesOnParade🔥 #WeGotEmLooking👀 #SassLevel💯 #FollowTheLeaders☝🏻 #BattleRedDay🔴 #GoTexans🏈 #HTCSimone aka @SimoneBiles🏅 A post shared by Houston Texans Cheerleaders (@texanscheerleaders) on Dec 10, 2017 at 1:59pm PST
Biles also shared several videos of herself taking on the cheerleading action on the field.
Talk about being able to do it all.
SK chats with UFC 226 stars Max Holloway & Brian Ortega
Harry Kettle FOLLOW FEATURED WRITER Exclusive 20 // 04 Jul 2018, 21:37 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Credit: UFC
International Fight Week is upon us and with that comes one of the most stacked cards of the year - UFC 226. It'll go down this Saturday night in Las Vegas, Nevada and it'll feature some of the biggest and baddest names on the UFC roster today. We here at Sportskeeda were lucky enough to be on the media conference call for the event, getting the chance to speak with the two fighters scheduled to battle it out for the Featherweight Championship: Max Holloway and Brian Ortega.
SK: Max people refer to you as someone who can carry the featherweight division for years to come. For you personally what's more important, to have a resume of big names that you have defeated like, Aldo and potentially Ortega. Or is it more important to be able to say that you've helped to grow the prestige of the featherweight championship?
Max Holloway: Ya know, my man DC said it perfect. It's a legacy thing and when it's all said and done I want to leave a legacy in whatever way. If not if it's helping the division if it's fighting big names I just want to be remembered one of the greatest all-time to ever do this in the sport. That's just what I want to do. I make – I sacrifice a lot of time away from my family, away from my son and I just want to make them proud, make my family proud and my fans crowd and, you know, leave a legacy.
SK: And you mentioned that obviously, your last full fight followed the same pattern as you fought in June and in December over the last two years. Do you want to continue with that trend or do you get restless when you go that long without being at The Octagon?
Max Holloway: I love fighting. I just love fighting. This is what I think I was put on earth to do, is to fight. So the more fights the better but the UFC got to be smart with the ways they use certain guys and use certain fighters. If they want me to fight more often I'll fight more often. If they want me to stay on the schedule then I'll stay on the schedule. It doesn't matter to me.
SK: Brian your work outside of The Octagon has been well documented. In the lead up to this fight how much time have you been able to donate to the Brian Ortega Foundation in comparison to your usual day-to-day life when you're not in camp?
Brian Ortega: I mean honestly I prefer to not be in the camp that way I have more time. This time we were able to have hospital visits and we went and visited the kids over there and hung out with them and just kind of shined some light on their day. They've been sick in the hospital all day. After that, we went to the beach and we had a surf experience day and we took all the kids out surfing man, had a great time with them.
All the kids with cystic fibrosis, we took them out there and they surfed with the pros and surfed with guys like myself and everything and then just watched them have a good beach day and that was it. But, you know, only two events really happened during this training camp just because I have to buckle down and really see past my opponent and not see past myself and get comfortable. I really got to go in there, work hard, train hard and once I do my work next week then I can go back to doing what I do.
SK: And you spoke during a recent interview about gradually becoming more comfortable dealing with the media and interviews. Do you find yourself enjoying every aspect of having a bigger profile or do you prefer it more when you were kind of a dark horse?
Brian Ortega: I like the dark horse era better. You know I like to go unknown.
5 WWE Superstars that let down the company in 2016
Certain Superstars that did not live up the expectations of the company.
@Midcard_Smark by Renjith Ravindran Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017, 12:43 IST
Reigns was suspended for violating the wellness policy
Irrespective of which industry one works in, not meeting the expectations of your company is probably any employee's worst nightmare.
Based on a string of factors, a certain amount of expectations on your shoulder every time you walk out to do your work and when you are working for a global company like WWE, and that too, in front of millions of fans, not meeting expectations could come with career-destroying implications.
With this being the perfect time to take a look back at the year that went by, in this list, we will be looking at those WWE Superstars that failed to live up to the expectations that were vested upon their shoulders by the fans and the company.
#5 Roman Reigns
Reigns got suspended due to wellness policy violation
Similar to the case with Eva Marie, Reigns was someone that had huge support from the WWE management. He had one of the strongest bookings in WWE this year, but what lands Reigns on this list is his wellness policy violation.
We still don't know the exact details of how and why Reigns was suspended but his suspension forced WWE to change a lot of plans.
Rumours suggest that it was because of the violation that Reigns was forced to drop his title to Rollins. To get the facts straight, Reigns was one of the hardest working and improved names of this year, but getting suspended while being on top of the mountain didn't do anything good for the Samoan Superman.
F1 2018: Why Max Verstappen is destined for greatness
Are calls for Red Bull Racing to drop Max Verstappen justified?
Rahul Sharan CONTRIBUTOR Feature 30 May 2018, 22:18 IST 83 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
2018 Monaco Formula 1 Grand Prix Qualifying May 26th
Another race another accident. This seems to be the common theme surrounding Max Verstappen these days.
The latest person to voice his opinion on the matter, was 2016 Formula One World Champion, Nico Rosberg, who recently commented saying, "I don't have much hope for Verstappen" when pressed for his thoughts on the Dutchman.
Now of all the incidents that occurred this year, the one in Monaco stands out the most, as it was pretty much a rehash of an incident that took place at the same venue 2 years ago, when the then 18-year-old stuffed his car into the wall right after claiming his first race win in the previous round.
Read that statement again, Verstappen was an 18-year-old Grand Prix winner and therein lies the problem with writing him off so early in his career.
Car racing and Formula One, in general, sees a large proportion of competitors come into their prime in their late 20's and early 30's.
The first of Schumacher's five World Championships with Ferrari came in the year 2000 when he turned 31, Ayrton Senna won his three world titles during 1988, 1990 and 1991 when he was 28, 30 and 31 respectively.
Fernando Alonso who is widely regarded as the best driver on the current grid, also claims some of his best years came when he was at Ferrari from 2010 to 2014, between when he was 28 and 33.
Current World Champion Lewis Hamilton saw his period of dominance with Mercedes start from 2014 when he was 29.
Yes, he had the fortune of having one of the most dominant cars in the sport's history, but if one were to look closely you could see that a large part of his McLaren career was filled with petulance and silly on-track incidents.
Sebastian Vettel seems to be an exception to this rule, though time will tell if he is able to achieve as much with Ferrari as he did with Red Bull Racing.
Coming back to Max, it's easy to forget that he is still only 20. Max already holds a host of the youngest records in the sport, including the youngest person to start a Grand Prix, the youngest person to set the fastest lap, the youngest person to finish on the podium, and the youngest person to win a Grand Prix.
Further his drive at the 2016 Brazilian Grand Prix, showed a phenomenal understanding of grip levels in tricky conditions along with his amazing car control. A large part of people chooses to criticise him over his relative lack of a junior formula career. Verstappen jumped from karts to Formula 3 to Formula 1 in a matter of two years which led the FIA to create a litany of regulatory changes including one that bans anyone under the age of 18 from getting a Super License. This lack of experience is used as fodder by his critics, though up until this point he had more or less proved those same critics wrong with his on-track results especially in 2016 when he first signed for Red Bull Racing.
There hasn't been a driver on the grid who has not had some level of criticism thrown at them at some point in their career.
Warranted or not, drivers like Vettel, Hamilton, Kimi Raikkonen, and Alonso have all had their fair share of media bashing in recent times.
Kimi Raikkonen was constantly accused of showing a lack of motivation during his first stint with Ferrari, and Fernando Alonso had to deal with the fall out from his fractured relationship with then McLaren principal Ron Dennis in 2007.
Sticking with the theme of crashing, in 2010 Vettel was labeled a "Crash Kid" while 2011 saw a host of on-track incidents take place between Felipe Massa and Lewis Hamilton, with the Brit more often than not coming off as the guilty part. Both drivers currently have 4 World Championships each.
To say Verstappen should be absolved of criticism is wrong, he has definitely been rash with his driving and his decision making while racing leaves a lot to be desired.
His team cannot allow for further incidents as one it shows a lack of improvement and two at some point the damage bills will begin to pile up.
That said the calls for Red Bull to drop him much like they did with Daniel Kvyat would be harsh. Verstappen has so far displayed greater talent than what Kvyat did and with a little bit of maturity, he can definitely win a World Championship.
Perhaps going down the route of Romain Grosjean and enlisting the help of a sport's psychologist might do the Dutchman some good.
Fans too need to remember that little over a year ago they were hailing him as the sport's most exciting prospect and maybe given a bit of time and the right guidance, Max Verstappen may well live up to their expectations.
Will Max Verstappen be an F1 World Champion one day? Have your say in the comments
Latest F1 News, Results, and F1 Standings
The UAF School of Education is still reeling after having the rug pulled out from under them. A last-minute $1 million donation from the City of Juneau preceded a sudden change of heart by the UA board of regents and system president, who have chosen the Southeast campus to host the education program's administrative center and flagship school.
UA President Jim Johnsen had previously recommended Fairbanks as the education program's home prior to the board of regents votes on December 14 of last year. The donation offer was emailed to Johnsen and the regents the day before the final decision was made.
Johnsen insisted the donation played no role in the decision making.
“There was zero conversation about the municipality of Juneau providing funding to the project,” Johnsen said. “That didn't weigh a dime.”
For some regents, however, the money played a huge role, bringing into question the ethics of the vote itself.
“It was very instrumental and certainly was a factor” Dale Anderson, a regent from Juneau, told the Juneau Empire.
For members of the UAF school of education, this wrinkle only adds to their concerns.
“Will this quick idea of a single mega College of Education at UAS serve the students of Alaska well?” Ute Kaden, UAF chair of Second Education, said. “Or is it a politically motivated project, without a solid budget plan, without vision for what exactly will be accomplished and how, and missing analysis for future sustainability?”
Johnsen said part of the decision was made on the basis that the other two campuses would suffer smaller losses from losing their schools.
While changes are imminent, Johnsen clarified that education classes, faculty and students will remain at the other two main campuses, emphasizing Juneau will be the administrative center of the school.
“This is where the dean will sit,” Johnsen said, “This isn't going to be where the people are. There are likely going to be more education faculty sitting in Fairbanks than there will be in Juneau and likely will be more students in Fairbanks and Anchorage than there will be in Juneau.”
The issues of concern for UAF faculty include how sustainable the program cost will be, how the new program will increase the number of Alaska trained teachers and whether a change in program structure may lead to confusion and fewer students.
Kaden has been with the UAF School of Education since 2008 as an associate professor for math and scientific education classes. She has concerns about the lack of National Science Foundation funding and STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) focus at UAS.
UAS does not have any NSF grant history in the school of education.
“Collaboration with faculty from strong STEM departments at UAF is essential for NSF funding and excellence in math and science teacher education,” Kaden said. “Our future math and science teachers deserve to be connected and supported by UAF.”
UAF is currently the only School of Education to have NSF funding.
While department chairs have said they look forward to working with UAS to better serve students in education, Kaden is not the only member of the UAF School of education to have concerns.
“Although it was disappointing that education personnel were not provided the same opportunities for input that are now being allowed for other programs under Strategic Pathways review,” Carol Barnhardt, chair of elementary education, said. “UAF faculty do look forward to continued collaborative work with our colleagues to support the preparation excellent educations for Alaska,”
Barnhardt spoke for her fellow chairs, who share a similar opinion.
These shared misgivings about aspects of the new structure that have been left seemingly unanswered, however.
Interim Dean Steve Atwater is cautiously hopeful for this experiment in structure.
“I am disappointed that the administrative lead for the new college of education will not be based at UAF,” Atwater said. “I am however, optimistic that the complex reorganization will be thorough and will result in improved programs for our students.
Last Friday, the UAF school of education faculty met with Johnsen to discuss the regents' decision to create a restructured College of Education at in Juneau.
“Some call the plan a ‘move of the leadership for a college of education to UAS', which is a misleading interpretation of the proposed task,” Kaden said.
At the meeting, SOE faculty and staff discussed the complexity of the issue and possible impacts on student enrollment, faculty positions, quality program offerings and grant and external funding opportunities.
According to Kaden, one big concern shared by many was that this project will hold a high price tag without providing concrete solutions.
“Alaska's people may not want to pay the huge bill for an imaginary college of education project in Juneau that limits college access and has uncertain educational outcomes in financially challenging times,” Kaden said.
Johnsen defended his decision, stating UAS was chosen because the board feels it will be the campus to put education first.
While Johnsen says faculty input will be included in this process. UAF faculty continue to have reservations about the change.
“In my opinion, this project will not serve the people of Alaska,” Kaden said.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The young football fan who won the heart of the nation as he battles cancer has added another award after picking up Match of the Day's goal of the month accolade.
Bradley Lowery, five, was given a rousing reception before his beloved Sunderland took on table-topping Chelsea last month, slotting away a goal in the warm-up.
And supporters from across the country campaigned for his close-range strike to pick up Match of the Day 's coveted award.
He woke up on Monday to watch Sunday night's Match of the Day 2, where his win was revealed.
Bradley's mum, Gemma, of Blackhall Colliery, Co. Durham, tweeted: “Brad just woke up and watched #MOTD2 and found out he got #goalofthemonth he is over the moon thank you @BBCMOTD thank you @SunderlandAFC.”
The youngster was named joint-winner alongside Manchester United's Henrikh Mkhitaryan - for a scorpion kick goal scored against Sunderland.
(Photo: Lowery family / SWNS)
Yesterday we told how on a trip to London last week, Bradley, who has terminal neuroblastoma, threw a coin in a wishing well outside Buckingham Palace and wished for “the ‘nasties' to go away”.
He bagged 300,000 Christmas cards from around the world after Sunderland's act of kindness that saw him meet his heroes, including goalscorer Jermain Defoe, who carried him on to the pitch.
Matt Bradley's next step will be a big one.
The 20-year-old centre had mixed emotions on Tuesday when he walked out of the Brandt Centre for the last time as a member of the Regina Pats.
Although it was difficult to leave behind a four-year junior career, Bradley is eager for what's to come after signing an AHL contract earlier this week.
“I'm really excited to make the jump,” said Bradley, whose deal with an unidentified team is to be announced sometime next month. “There were times when everybody else was signing contracts and I kind of got a little down. I wasn't really hopeful that I was going to get one, but to sign one (now) is awesome.”
Bradley was selected in the fifth round of the 2015 NHL draft by the Montreal Canadiens, but he became a free agent when they didn't sign him before last summer's deadline.
Bradley received interest from multiple teams this season while compiling 37 goals and 79 points in 72 games. He also benefited from increased exposure as part of the host team in the 2018 Memorial Cup.
“We had the spotlight on us all year,” said Bradley. “It helps when you're playing with good players, too.”
Bradley spent the first three years of his WHL career with the Medicine Hat Tigers, who traded him to Regina last summer. He knew it was a huge opportunity at the time but the experience ended up surpassing his expectations.
“When you first get traded to the host team, all you really think about is ‘Memorial Cup, Memorial Cup,' ” said Bradley, whose team lost 3-0 to the Acadie-Bathurst Titan in Sunday's tournament final. “It was an awesome year, the best year of juniors yet. I made a lot of friendships and learned a lot from these coaches. They're amazing. This organization is unbelievable — the most pro, first-class organization. They treat their players and their players' families like no other.
“I'm really lucky to have spent my last year of juniors here.”
Bradley is one of three overage players who exhausted his junior eligibility with Regina on Sunday, along with fellow NHL prospects Cameron Hebig (Edmonton Oilers) and Jesse Gabrielle (Boston Bruins).
The Pas will also lose Libor Hajek (Tampa Bay Lightning), Sam Steel (Anaheim Ducks) and Josh Mahura (Ducks). Although they still have one year of junior eligibility remaining, all three have signed NHL contracts and are expected to join the pro ranks next season.
“It's pretty crazy to be leaving right now,” said Mahura, who was acquired from the Red Deer Rebels midway through the 2016-17 campaign. “(Playing in Regina) has meant a lot to me. I got to play for this amazing coaching staff, owners and everyone who's a part of this whole organization from top to bottom.
“It's just an amazing place to play.”
It's also a difficult place to leave.
“I'll hold it close to me for the rest of my life,” added Steel, who spent his entire junior career in Regina. “You never think this day will come, but it flies by for sure. It has been a great five years since I got drafted. It feels like yesterday I was walking down here for the first time.”
It was a much shorter stay for Cale Fleury, a mid-November trade pickup from the Kootenay Ice. The veteran defenceman could return next season as a 20-year-old or he could turn pro with the Canadiens, who selected him in the third round of the 2017 NHL draft.
“If I got a chance to play professional it would be great,” said Fleury, who's still unsigned. “If not, it would be a great thing coming back here too.”
Either way, the Pats' lineup will be decimated by a large graduation class. It's not easy for the coaches to watch so many high-end players walk out the door, but they also understand it's part of the business.
“I guess we're prepared for it,” said head coach/GM John Paddock. “You just wish them the best. Some of them have really good careers in front of them. They've all done a great job for us and our organization.”
gharder@postmedia.com
“Down in Houston, he got in some jams, came through, executed some pitches,'' said manager John Gibbons. “Today, they started rolling out some hits and he got the comebacker, which worked out perfectly. Then he just kicked it in. It looked like he was in control, didn't ever panic.''
“Even in the first inning, I was in the groove,” said Borucki after his seven-inning, six-hit performance. “Pitches were down. Changeup was working. They just kind of ambushed me on the outside of the plate.''
That's what he and Maile had briefly discussed during the conclave.
“We got the slider a little more involved,” explained Maile. “Went inside a few more times.''
Borucki's bread-and-butter changeup was wicked. But Detroit's hitters were basically prepping for either that or the fastball; more sliders required, working his fastballs inside.
“After that, they had to respect the inside of the plate a little bit more,” said Borucki. “It opened up that whole outer part for me, for my fastball-change combo.''
If anything, Borucki threw too many strikes (97-68) in Maile's estimation.
“He would probably qualify as a guy that throws strikes to a fault at times, where he's in the zone so much that they know it's going to be there. They just have to separate one pitch from the other and then commit to it. So, just throwing more balls, honestly. He's got to stay to the point where every once in a while you're not sure if he's going to spike one or if he's going to elevate on you or whatever it may be.”
Otherwise, catching Borucki for the first time in a real game, Maile hugely liked what he saw.
“Obviously he's got a lot of composure. You can just watch him throw five or six pitches and get the idea — he's a pitcher. He knows what pitches play off each other and he knows how to execute them.'
“You can tell (the changeup) is a plus-pitch. It's going to continue to be a real weapon for him. But I think days like today are going to be the barometer on where he goes from here. Because of the ability to make adjustments, literally, right in the middle of the first inning, when the bases are already loaded and there's a run in. It's impressive for anybody to do it, but somebody in his second major league start, it's outstanding.”
In style and approach — certainly in the quick way he throws — Borucki is emulating ex-Jay Mark Buehrle, whom he grew up idolizing when he lived in the Chicago area and Buehrle was with the White Sox.
“If I could have a career like that guy had, I would be doing something right. He works fast, just attacks the zone with strikes, with all his pitches. Yeah, I did take a lot of parts of his game and put them into mine. Hopefully I can live up to what he's done.”
Gibbons, who adored Buehrle, recognizes the similarities.
“Much slimmer than ol' Buehrl. But I'm sure the thought process, they think alike. Classic lefty-type guy. I've been really impressed. If a kid can throw strikes and move the ball around, he's got a chance.''
Adding, with a chuckle: “He probably doesn't drink as much beer as Buehrle. Yet.”
Borucki wears No. 56 to honour Buehrle — whom he's never actually met. “It was to kind of give a little bit of respect to the guy who made me what I was.”
Toronto, held to heel through much of the game by Detroit starter Mike Fiers — just one run allowed, in the fourth — forced extra innings by squaring things in the ninth off reliever Joe Jimenez. They loaded the bases on a trio of walks (one intentionally, to Kendrys Morales) and a double by Teoscar Hernandez, but managed only one run, walked in.
With Gibbons pulling all sorts of strings, pinch-runners and pinch-hitters, the Jays started the 10th with a weird infield, Lourdes Gurriel Jr. switching from second to short and Morales making his MLB debut at third, with Justin Smoak taking over at first. With one out, Niko Goodrum hit a triple to right-centre, then scored on a sac fly.
Gurriel, in his first game since being called up again from Buffalo, singled up the middle in the bottom of the frame and made it to second on a Curtis Granderson sacrifice bunt, but no further. Nice piece of fielding by Gurriel as well in that 10th, backing up Morales on a ground ball.
“You're always aware of what the players around you are capable of doing,” said the 24-year-old Cuban. “I knew it was the first time Kendrys was playing third at this level. So when I saw him crossing a bit, I just called for the ball. I knew I had to take more responsibility on that side and I just made the play.”
Another key piece of Toronto's long-game future.
For a look backward, that Jose Bautista fellow is in town with the Mets on Tuesday.
Rosie DiManno is a columnist based in Toronto covering sports and current affairs. Follow her on Twitter: @rdimanno
Russia's Presidential Election Observers Were Pressured And Intimidated
Enlarge this image toggle caption Olga Maltseva/AFP/Getty Images Olga Maltseva/AFP/Getty Images
As Vladimir Putin won a fourth term on Sunday, reports have surfaced of election observers being harassed and intimidated that day and in the days leading up to the vote.
More than 1,300 foreigners reportedly served as election monitors in the presidential election, which took place on March 18 and yielded a predicted win for Putin. Many observers came from places and political backgrounds that are friendly to the Russian government in an attempt "to create an international stamp of approval for the vote," reported The Guardian.
Sputnik, a Kremlin-backed news outlet, reported that observers judged the election to be "fair and transparent." But numerous independent media outlets found observers who said they saw violations.
A month before Russia's presidential election, observer David Kankiya was informed by the police that his car might have been used to commit a crime, Reuters reported. He was detained, charged with disobeying police and sent to jail for five days. "I was detained and charged on a false pretext," Kankiya told the news agency. "It's political pressure."
Police say Kankiya didn't produce identification during a routine check.
As the presidential election drew closer, Kankiya's car tires were slashed and pro-Kremlin journalists accosted him in two separate incidents, he told Reuters.
Kankiya is a coordinator at Golos, a nongovernmental election watchdog that was labeled a "foreign agent" because it received foreign aid. Volunteers from Golos — a word that translates to both "vote" and "voice" — say when entering or leaving Russia, they are often stopped by border staff who accuse them of having terrorist links, according to Reuters.
Before the election, a Golos representative told The Guardian that police ripped up a contract to lease office space. The location was supposed to be a call center to receive reports of election violations. The representative said that police officers threatened the landlord of the building: "You shouldn't hold this event here or you'll have trouble." The Russian government denied involvement.
Police also attempted to stop activist observers from visiting polling stations, The Guardian reported. The officers raided headquarters of opposition figure Alexei Navalny, who was banned from the election, and they tried to seize documents that would give observers access to polling locations.
On the day of the election, indications that some observers were targeted cropped up. "Spoke to more observers who got beaten up by a mobile gang of toughs at polling stations," tweeted Financial Times Moscow correspondent Max Seddon. He described some of the election observers who were harmed:
By the end of the day, Golos said it had registered more than 1,500 violations. There were ballot boxes that had papers in them before polls officially opened and video footage of ballot boxes being stuffed, according to Golos.
There were also reports that concerned the treatment of observers, including denying them access to polling stations, restricting them from taking photos and videos, limiting their ability to move around premises and removing them from polling stations.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, which requested 420 short-term observers to monitor polling stations, voting, ballot counts and results, will issue a final report of the entire electoral process in about eight weeks.
At a conference in Moscow on Monday, an OSCE election monitor described the presidential election as "overly controlled."
"Where the legal framework restricts many fundamental freedoms and the outcome is not in doubt, elections almost lose their purpose," said Michael Georg Link, director of the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights who led OSCE observers.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A troubled artist found drowned two weeks after going missing from home likely slipped and fell into a ditch, an inquest heard.
Craig Farrow, 36, disappeared after a "trivial" row with his mum when they returned from walking their dog.
More than two weeks passed before his body was found by a search and rescue team partially submerged in water in a dyke near Howden railway station.
An inquest into Mr Farrow's death at Hull Coroner's Court it is likely he slipped and fell into the ditch before he died.
Paying tribute to her son, his mum said she believed his life could have been saved had he “shown his cartoons to the world", the Hull Daily Mail reports.
(Image: Hull Daily Mail WS)
“His passion came from art," she said. "He drew cartoons from the age of 12, and his drawings really stood out.
“He always wanted to get enough money together to do something with art. Hull College were keen to have him, but he declined as he did not like being around many people.
“We tried to persuade him that his drawings were high quality, but he could not see it.
“I think if he believed in himself more and showed them to the world, it would have saved his life.”
Mr Farrow left his home in Howden, on June 30 last year, after he had been for a walk with his mum.
The pair had argued over something “trivial,” and when they returned back home he said he wanted to get out.
He took his bank card and passport and left.
“I thought he might have gone out in Hull drinking, but I became worried when he did not return the next day,” his mum said.
“It was very unlike him to go 24 hours without us knowing where he was. He left his phone in the house, but I thought he might have got drunk and been arrested.
“I called the police at 9.30am the next day, and he became a missing person.”
A large police appeal was issued in a bid to find Mr Farrow.
CCTV captured him visiting Bargain Booze in Howden just half an hour after he left his home, where he had bought a bottle of rum and coke.
Two weeks went by before a search and rescue team began scouring the area between Howden and its railway station, following a tip-off from someone who had seen him walking.
At around 8pm on July 17, his body was found in a ditch, partially submerged in water.
A post-mortem found he had died from drowning and asphyxiation, and ruled alcohol had played “a significant role.”
His mum described Mr Farrow as having “a heart of gold.”
She said he had lots of friends growing up, but in recent years had become more withdrawn due to a battle with anxiety and depression.
He had engaged with mental health services, and was described by a social worker as being “bright and cheerful,” and having “a warm relationship with his mum.”
Grass was found to be smoothed down in the area where he had entered the dyke, and it was concluded by senior coroner Professor Paul Marks that Mr Farrow had likely slipped down.
A conclusion of accidental death was recorded.
If you're not near a radio in Las Vegas, tune into X107.5 using the Radio.com app on your phone!
It's all about New Music in THE BEATDOWN weeknights at 9PM on X107.5. We play the NEW songs back-to-back and then YOU get to vote. Winner moves on to the next night against another NEW song with hopes of winning 10 nights in a row & entering The Beatdown Hall Of Fame… Losers hope for another shot during the Redemption Weekend, which starts Friday… and it's FRIDAY!
VOTE ALL WEEKEND LONG: The New Schematics “Who Do You Think You Are?” vs JUICEBOXXX “Dead End America” vs Matt And Kim ft Mark Hoppus & SWMRS “Forever” vs Andrew W.K. “Music Is Worth Living For”
REDEMPTION WINNER: TBD BY YOU! (back Monday 9PM PST vs Champion Fitness “Matter Of Time”)
***REDEMPTION WEEKEND VOTING RULES!!!*** Voting begins 9PM PT Friday, the same time the songs are played & the polls will remain open until 10AM PT on MONDAY. Yes, you have ALL WEEKEND to vote! Use the poll below to vote as many times as it will let you. If the poll stops you from repeat voting, wait 2 hours, hit REFRESH & continue voting… If the total amount of votes DOES NOT add up to over 100 votes, all songs will be disqualified & the Champion will face somebody new!
THE BEATDOWN 2018 HOF INDUCTEES: Who will be first??? (All HOFers are entered into the end of the year Championship Tournament)
ACCORDING to the Chinese zodiac, 2017 is the year of the Rooster. But in Huddersfield, it has most definitely been the year of the Terrier.
David Wagner's manifest delight in Huddersfield Town regularly displaying a ‘Terriers identity' to overcome a host of Championship ‘top dogs' was recited endlessly during a riotous season of magnificent against-the-odds defiance. Town were supposed to go away, but they simply would not.
More fights now await on arguably the most ferocious footballing stage of all – the Premier League. Again, there will be those from the outside who mock and belittle Huddersfield's credentials, but for Wagner and co, it is fuel for the long months ahead.
Just under a year ago, Wagner famously took his Town charges to a remote and uninhabited Swedish island for a Bear Grylls-style bonding trip, with a reservoir of togetherness and resilience built up ahead of what proved an epic year in the lives of every first-team player.
There will be no such survival trip this time around, but the challenge ahead of the club's first top-flight season in 45 years is similarly onerous, while also inspiring. It will test all of Town's endurance and character. And plenty more besides.
It has been an intoxicating time to be a Town fan over the past fortnight or so and the glorious reality of just what they achieved at Wembley was finally hammered home when they received their top-flight fixture itinerary for 2017-18.
Graphic:Graeme Bandeira.
Town stand shoulder to shoulder alongside English football's glitterati on merit, with league trips to the likes of Old Trafford, Anfield and Stamford Bridge now down in black and white.
It is hopefully the start of another magical journey for Huddersfield and excitement – and certainly not trepidation or fear – is the overwhelming emotion for club ambassador Andy Booth.
The legendary Town striker may have missed out on representing his beloved hometown club in the big time. But this is very much the next best thing.
Booth said: “As a football club, this is something that you wait for. I have got to be honest, atHuddersfield Town, we never thought this day would come. Over the years, there have been some dark days and poor football.
Everyone will write us off and people will be expecting us to fill one relegation place next year. That probably helps us Andy Booth, Huddersfield Town club ambassador
“We have got to enjoy this and it is now real because we have seen the fixtures. We are Premier League and there for a reason. It is going to be a fantastic and tough season, but I am sure we are going to be enjoying it.
“Everyone will write us off and people will be expecting us to fill one relegation place next year. That probably helps us – we have no expectation at all and we can go out and enjoy it. We will have no fear as no-one will be expecting anything of us.”
The odds may be firmly stacked against Town, but given the way in which they collectively shredded perceived footballing wisdom last season – and held their nerve at critical junctures – it will serve as a useful exercise.
On paper, a start which sees Town travel to Crystal Palace and then host Newcastle and Southampton in the first month and face only one ‘big-hitter' in Spurs in the opening two months of the season is perhaps no bad thing.
Andy Booth, pictured in his playing days for Town against Oldham back in November 2006.
Town won 22 games by a single-goal margin last term – a Championship record – and that innate ability to get over the line should provide succour when they look at their first batch of games and a key run of matches between mid-February and mid-April.
That facet will also be tested during a bottleneck of games over December and the festive season with clubs having to fit in eight games in a month with the season shortened to help England prepare for the 2018 World Cup.
This sort of fixture chaos is about as far removed from Wagner's German homeland as it gets. It will test mentality and fitness levels and resources, as will Huddersfield's final four games of the season which pits them against Chelsea, Everton, Manchester City and Arsenal. Then there are back-to-back games against Manchester United and Liverpool in mid-autumn and mid-winter.
But with the support of neutrals and goodwill abound, Town are embracing the challenge. They will have a go – sadly something that Middlesbrough could not be accused of in 2016-17 – and will endear themselves to others.
Booth said: “We will be one of those clubs who everyone will love.
“A lot of people will have seen Dean's (Hoyle) reaction at Wembley and how drained he was and what it meant to him.
WE'LL MEET AGAIN ... TWICE: David Wagner with his Liverpool and his good friend Jurgen Klopp will pit their wits against each other in October and January. Picture: Tony Johnson.
“You look at a lot of other clubs and don't know their chairmen – who are there for business. Ours is there because he loves the club and it means the world to him and a lot of people realise that.
“You see some clubs who have been mismanaged and look where they are now. That won't happen at Huddersfield Town, I am confident of that.
“We are a family club and I think people will take us to their hearts, especially with the way we play football as well. I think we will be a lot of people's second team.”
OPINION
[Los Angeles Times ] Trump's EPA wants to ignore science and put more dirty trucks back on the road By Korea Herald Published : Dec 11, 2017 - 17:42
Updated : Dec 11, 2017 - 17:42
Diesel exhaust fumes are the most foul tailpipe emissions on the road, as anyone stuck in traffic behind an ageing bus or 18-wheeler can attest. But researchers have gathered overwhelming evidence that the fumes are more than just unpleasant; diesel emissions contribute to asthma, heart disease, cancer and a host of other ills. Diesel-powered trucks are also major contributors to lung-searing smog, and their emissions are loaded with climate-altering soot and gases that contribute to global warming.
That research undergirds the increasingly strict emissions standards that air quality regulators have been imposing on new trucks sold in the United States over the last 15 years. The newest standards to make trucks more fuel efficient and cut greenhouse gas emissions were adopted by the US Environmental Protection Agency last year.
But never mind public health and science. President Trump's EPA is trying to reopen a loophole that would let truckers avoid all those pesky and costly clean-air requirements by putting old, dirty engines in new truck bodies. Last month, the EPA proposed waiving the clean truck standards for these so-called glider kits. A final decision is expected next year.
We shouldn't be surprised that the EPA, under administrator Scott Pruitt, would be so willing to sacrifice public health for industry profit. Since taking over in February, Pruitt — who as Oklahoma attorney general challenged more than a dozen EPA regulatory moves — has worked to undercut a wide range of environmental protections. The agency has sought to interfere with at least three dozen regulations, either by ending them outright (as with the Obama administration's Clean Power Plan) or just by delaying them (as with a regulation meant to reduce explosions at chemical plants).
In the past, glider kits were typically used to give new life to engines and other components salvaged from trucks damaged in collisions. But several years ago, the EPA noticed a surge in glider-kit trucks on the road, from fewer than 1,000 in 2010 to more than 10,000 in 2015, suggesting that some companies were using the vehicles to circumvent truck emissions standards by putting old diesel engines inside new truck shells. The vehicles cost 25 percent less to buy because they have none of the pollution controls required on newer trucks.
The Obama administration closed the loophole last year as part of the newest clean truck standards. But a small group of glider-kit manufacturers lobbied Pruitt to repeal that part of the truck rules, and he agreed. One of the major manufacturers, Fitzgerald Glider Kits in Tennessee, hosted a campaign event last year for then-candidate Donald Trump, and company executives met privately with Pruitt in May.
Pruitt has justified the repeal by citing research financed by Fitzgerald and by saying that glider trucks are more affordable for smaller trucking companies.
His decision ignores the EPA's own recent analysis, which found that gliders produced 40 times more smog-forming emissions and 55 times more diesel soot than new trucks. The EPA estimated that gliders make up just 5 percent of the freight trucks on the road yet account for one-third of the smog and soot emissions from heavy trucks. Those emissions will be even greater if the proposed deregulation leads more companies to deploy glider trucks — a likely result.
It's worth noting that the nation's major truck manufacturers and trucking associations urged Pruitt not to reopen the loophole. They said it tilts the playing field, allowing some truckers to skirt clean air rules that other trucking companies have spent heavily to comply with.
The repeal would allow more highly polluting, soot-belching trucks on the road and impose a huge pollution burden on communities near freeways and trucking centers. The result would be more asthma cases, more emergency room visits and more premature deaths. It would make it even more difficult for Southern California to meet federal clean air standards, as heavy-duty diesel trucks emit more smog-forming emissions than any other pollution source in the region. And it would allow a segment of trucks to keep spewing greenhouse gases at a time when the world is trying to slow the pace of global climate change. All this, just to appease a small group of politically connected manufacturers.
Editorial by the Los Angeles Times
(Tribune Content Agency)
Looking to raise cash for your startup? With most banks out of the picture, find out what your realistic financing options are.
May 30, 2018 6 min read
The following excerpt is from The Staff of Entrepreneur Media, Inc. and Javier Hasse's book Start Your Own Cannabis Business. Buy it now from Amazon | Barnes & Noble | iTunes | IndieBound
This article is part of Entrepreneur's series on How to Start a Cannabis Business. We seek to promote financial inclusion through marijuana. In previous articles, we've looked into numerous aspects of getting into the marijuana industry, including questions you should ask yourself before jumping in and factors that could determine your success.
Although we've written about where and how to find funding, this is a very complex issue that requires an even deeper dive.
Related: Where to Find Funding for a Cannabis Business
What makes it so complicated? First of all, since banks and traditional financial institutions don't generally offer loans to cannabis businesses, many cannabis entrepreneurs have to fall back on family members and friends for seed capital—and this is probably the best choice. However, not everyone is surrounded by affluent people willing to make risky investments. And, even among those who are, many would rather not mix their personal and professional lives.
Below you'll find some other common funding alternatives for the cannabis industry, which might come in handy when raising seed capital or when looking for additional funds for your business after a friends-and-family round.
Family Offices
Outside of family members and friends, another recurring source of capital for cannabis businesses is family offices. A family office is a private wealth management firm, similar to a hedge fund, but serving just one or a few very wealthy families and high-net-worth individuals. However, getting their attention isn't easy; everyone wants their hard-earned money, but few are considered worthy of it.
Related: What Is a Family Office and How Can It Help You Fund Your Business?
If you decide to go this way, try to attend family office-focused events. While most of these are invite-only, googling can lead you to some events open to the public. An intermediary firm with connections in the family offices space will facilitate introductions, help you with pitches, and get you invites to the right events.
Some firms that fit this bill:
SCN Corporate Connect (www.smallcapnation.com)
Family Office Networks (https://familyofficenetworks.com)
Cavendish Global (http://cavendishglobal.com)
The Family Office Club (http://familyoffices.com)
Funds, Angel Investors, and Individuals
You might also find support in specialized investment groups that work with cannabis startups. First you can look into specialized venture capital funds, angel investing organizations, and private equity firms like:
Ackrell Capital: https://www.ackrell.com
Angel investors from Angel.co's directory: https://angel.co
The Arcview Group: https://arcviewgroup.com
Benchmark Capital: http://www.benchmark.com
Canna Angels: https://cannaangelsllc.com
Casa Verde Capital: http://www.casaverdecapital.com
Floris Funds: http://florisfunds.com
Founders Fund: http://foundersfund.com
Green Growth Investments: http://www.greengrowthinvestments.com
Ground Zero Ventures: http://groundzeroventures.com
Halley Venture Partners: https://www.halleyvp.com
Hamilton Investment Partners: http://hamiltoninvestment.com
Liquid 2 Ventures: http://liquid2.vc
Mazakali: http://mazakali.com
MedMen: https://medmen.com
Merida Capital Partners: https://www.meridacap.com
Navy Capital: https://www.navycapital.com
Phyto Partners: https://www.phytopartners.com
Poseidon Asset Management: https://poseidonassetmanagement.com
Privateer Holdings: https://www.privateerholdings.com
Salveo Capital: http://www.salveocapital.com
Tress Capital: https://www.tresscapital.com
Tuatara Capital: https://www.tuataracapital.com
Viridian Capital Advisors: https://www.viridianca.comRelated:
You can also check out industry-specific holding companies like:
AmeriCann Inc (OTC:ACAN): http://americann.co
Cronos Group (CVE:MJN) (OTC:PRMCF) (FRA:7CI): http://thecronosgroup.com
Diego Pellicer Worldwide (OTC:DPWW): http://www.diego-pellicer.com
Doyen Elements: https://www.doyenelementsus.com
General Cannabis (OTC:CANN): https://www.generalcann.com
Golden Leaf Holdings (CSE:GLH) (OTC:GLDFF): http://goldenleafholdings.com
iAnthus Capital Holdings (CNSX:IAN) (OTC:ITHUF) (FRA:2IA): http://www. ianthuscapital.com
Innovative Industrial Properties Inc. (NYSE:IIPR): http://www.innovativeindustrialproperties.com
MassRoots (OTC:MSRT): https://www.massroots.com/investors
MJIC Inc.: http://www.mjic.com
Accelerators
Among the remaining options are mentorship-driven programs, also called business accelerators or incubators. Some of the top cannabis business accelerators and incubators are:
In addition to these specialized incubators, you might want to consider traditional accelerators like:
500 Startups: https://500.co/
The Launch Incubator: http://www.launchincubator.co/
Y Combinator: http://www.ycombinator.com/
All three of these accelerators have admitted cannabis businesses before, and might be willing to do so again, as the marijuana industry continues to move toward the mainstream.
Related: Accelerator vs. Incubator: Which Is Right for You?
As you might imagine, each program has different requirements and offers very diverse forms of support. Nonetheless, accelerators and incubators often accept and fund ventures that are not as mature as one would expect; the idea behind many of these programs is to find good entrepreneurs and help them form and execute on their vision.
Crowdfunding
Another financing option is the crowdfunding route, where you get a little money from each of many smaller backers. In crowdfunding, businesses register on a crowdfunding platform and ask the general public for money in exchange for one of two things. The first is material rewards, like merchandise or a product. You might be familiar with some platforms offering this service, like Kickstarter, Indiegogo, and GoFundMe. The second is equity in the company. Limits on the amount that can be raised vary depending on the crowdfunding categorization, ranging from $1 million to $50 million.
Related: 4 Rules for Successful Crowdfunding
Some crowdfunding platforms operating in the cannabis industry include:
As you can see, there are no easy solutions to raising capital for a cannabis business. So be sure to carefully consider which option is best for you before you take the plunge.
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
It takes one to spot one.
The OPP is taking an unconventional approach to a trucking safety blitz that launched Monday – officers are conducting patrols in truck tractors to better spot drivers who are distracted behind the wheel.
The strategy is being used for the first time during Operation Safe Trucking, which runs through Friday and aims to reduce the number collisions involving commercial vehicles on OPP-patrolled roads.
The five-day blitz tackles speeding, following too closely, seatbelt use, hours of service violations, and distracted, aggressive and impaired driving. Vehicles with mechanical, load security or other safety issues will be tackled with the help of Ministry of Transportation inspectors.
So far this year, the OPP has investigated more than 6,200 transport-truck related collisions and 87 people died in 72 of those crashes, commissioner Vince Hawkes said Monday.
“Every year, collisions that involve commercial motor vehicles are in the thousands and they result in significant loss of life,” Hawkes said. “Adding truck tractors to our list of enforcement tools will enhance our officers' observation and investigative skills during Operation Safe Trucking and future initiatives that focus on commercial motor vehicle safety.”
Distracted driving accounts for more than a quarter of crashes involving commercial vehicles, and the OPP warns motorists aren't off the hook during the blitz.
“Officers will also be addressing dangerous behaviours on the part of all drivers,” the force warned.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A Pittston Twp. man had a stolen handgun in his backpack when he asked an Archbald police officer for a ride to a hotel Saturday night, according to investigators.
Daniel M. Yanchulis, 31, 1101 Chapel Road, is charged with theft, receiving stolen property and two gun charges, according to a criminal complaint filed by Patrolman Ed Perechinsky.
Yanchulis tried to get a room shortly before midnight at the Mid-Valley Motel on the Scranton Carbondale Highway. When he was told no rooms were available, he started an argument with a motel employee, police said. Yanchulis refused to leave, so the employee called police.
Perechinsky responded but was contacted by the South Abington Twp. Police Department moments before arriving that Yanchulis might be carrying a stolen revolver in his backpack.
Once there, Yanchulis asked Perechinsky for a ride to another hotel in Dickson City. Perechinsky told Yanchulis he'd have to search him and his property before he could be transported in a police vehicle. Yanchulis agreed to a search and Perechinsky asked if he had anything illegal in his backpack.
“No,” Yanchulis said, according to police. “There is nothing inside the bag but tools.”
Perechinsky searched the bag and found a loaded revolver. Yanchulis admitted he stole it from his father's gun cabinet in Pittston Twp.
Magisterial District Judge Joanne Price Corbett arraigned and jailed Yanchulis at Lackawanna County Prison in lieu of $10,000 bail. A preliminary hearing is scheduled for Aug. 21 at 10:45 a.m.
Contact the writer: jkohut@timesshamrock.com, 570-348-9144; @jkohutTT on Twitter
As so many women unfortunately know too well, struggling with body image is no joke. But, judging by the real-life story behind Aidy Bryant's new comedy series, on the path toward eventually flouting traditional beauty standards in favor of self-love, sometimes all you can do is laugh. Per a recent report by The Hollywood Reporter on Tuesday, April 24, the upcoming series will adapt Lindy West's acid-tongued and hilariously poignant 2016 memoir, Shrill: Notes from a Loud Woman, for a Hulu series.
And, while there's not a whole lot of information available just yet as to the specifics of the upcoming series, it certainly looks like its gearing up to tout a pretty crucial message for anyone (women, especially) who's been taught their bodies aren't good enough. To that end, the message is something along the lines of this: They are. THR first dispensed the news of Bryant's forthcoming project Tuesday morning, April 24, describing Hulu's adaptation of West's memoir as "the story of a fat young woman who wants to change her life, but not her body."
According to The Hollywood Reporter, the upcoming Hulu-fronted project will merge the respective storytelling talents of both Bryant and West, who teamed up to co-write the television screenplay with the help of writer-producer Ali Rushfield (perhaps best known for her work on Parks and Recreation and Love). And, as anyone familiar with the firecracker comedic mastery of either woman already knows, a fusion of Bryant and West's respective wits sounds a lot like a match made in comedy heaven — or the beginnings of one, at least.
Though the Bryant-led series is still in its early-ish development stages, it seems like the tenor of the screen adaptation is slated to fall pretty closely in line with that of West's memoir, which has been lauded by critics and readers alike for its uniquely incisive (and uniquely crass) perspective on western beauty standards and the often insidious ways they impact how women feel about themselves.
In Shrill, West draws primarily from her own personal experiences to craft some insights about archetypal beauty standards that probably resonate pretty starkly with a lot of women. And, in doing that, the memoir manages to chronicle West's own path toward eventually learning to love herself, in spite of the systemic — and, she argues, misogynistic — beauty paradigms that taught her she shouldn't. West sums up her thoughts on that pretty succinctly in Shrill, writing,
"I reject the notion that thinness is the goal, that thin = better—that I am an unfinished thing and that my life can really start when I lose weight. That then I will be a real person and have finally succeeded as a woman."
Until Hulu releases more information about the TV adaptation, it's hard to anticipate exactly how the series is planning to incorporate the memoir's subject matter into its script. But, with West on the writing team, here's to hoping the screen adaptation touts a similarly empowering kind of proclamation about ditching oppressive beauty standards and embracing self-love, instead. And, with Bryant in the series' leading role, it certainly seems like the series is gearing up to pack the strong feminist punch that West exudes in her writing.
Since first joining the ranks of SNL's cast of funny people back in 2012, Bryant has made waves in pop culture — not only as a comedian, but also as an insouciantly clever and indelibly charming proponent of body positivity. To that end, a recent report by Entertainment Weekly (which primarily discussed the messaging in Bryant's new comedy film, I Feel Pretty) described Bryant's contribution to the body-positivity arena as one of "accidental activism." Or, in other words, she's basically become an advocate for body positivity simply by being in the public eye.
"It would be weird for me to be in this position and never acknowledge that I look different from, like, 90 percent of my costars," Bryant told Entertainment Weekly, adding that she's come to regard it as her "greatest strength." Continuing, Bryant said, "It gives me a point of view, and I couldn't do it without it."
In looking toward Bryant's next onscreen gig, it sounds that's exactly the kind of perspective the Shrill adaptation is getting at. Here's to seeing a whole lot more of Bryant being Bryant on tv sometime soon.
A nation which cannot provide an enabling environment for its future generation to read and learn is a regressing nation, not a progressive one.
When I compare what's being said in this heartbreaking report - that Grade 4 pupils can't read - back to the days when we were in school, pupils could write, do dictation, etc.
Policymakers have a huge task looking into this critical issue. If the upcoming generation can't read, it means they will drop out of school.
Clemson commit named SC Gatorade Player of the Year
(WOLO) – Two days after USC commit Dakereon Joyner was named “Mr. Football” in South Carolina, a future Clemson player earned another top honor in high school football.
South Pointe senior Derion Kendrick was named Gatorade Player of the Year for the Palmetto State on Monday after leading his Stallions to a perfect 15-0 season and a fourth-straight SCHSL championship.
Kendrick, like Joyner, is competing in the Shrine Bowl this week in anticipation of the All-Star game this Saturday set for Wofford College.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former footballer and Danielle Lloyd's ex-husband Jamie O'Hara is going into the Celebrity Big Brother house for the first time.
The 30 year old played footie for Tottenham Hotspurs until 2011.
Jamie was was unfaithful to Danielle with a female whom he had met in a Birmingham nightclub in 2014.
The model - who he has two children with - promptly announced she had filed for a divorce soon after.
Danielle has also appeared in CBB, and is worried her ex-husband and her former close friend Nicola McLean - who is also entering the house - will reveal intimate details about her personal life.
Jamie O'Hara facts at a glance
Age: 30
Date of birth: 25 September 1986
Birthplace: Dartford, England
Claims to fame: Former Tottenham Hotspur football player
Relationship status: Divorced
*Celebrity Big Brother starts on Channel 5 tomorrow night at 9pm
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The body of an elderly woman was found in her Henbury flat three weeks after she died, according to her neighbour.
Police officers were called to Barlands House in Standfast Road at around 9am on Saturday morning (April 21) where they kicked in the door and found the woman, who was thought to be in her 70s.
A neighbour said tenants were prompted to call the emergency services by a “bad smell” in the corridor which made them concerned about the woman's welfare.
(Image: Image: Bristol Live/ Jon Kent)
Bristol City Council has confirmed a woman was found dead in the flat and said a caretaker visited the property but could not gain access before the police were called by a neighbour.
The resident that reported the death asked not to be named but told Bristol Live: “In the end [the smell] got so bad a neighbour phoned the police and the police came on Saturday morning and they bashed in the door. They found she's been dead for three weeks.
“I didn't know her at all well. She's been here longer than me. She kept herself to herself. She didn't seem to speak to anybody much. I used to take parcels for her. She didn't really want much to do with anyone. I never saw friends or family.
“I don't know how old she was. She's got to be in her 70s I would have thought.
“I found this very upsetting. I live here, this is my neighbour, I wished her well.”
Barlands House is a 15-storey council tower block near Crow Lane in Henbury consisting of 86 dwellings.
(Image: Image: Bristol Live/ Jon Kent)
Police have confirmed a woman, named by the neighbour only as Susan, was found dead but the incident is not being treated as suspicious.
A spokesperson for Avon and Somerset Police said: “We were called to an address in Standfast Road, Bristol on Saturday, April 21, where the body of a woman was found. The death is not being treated as suspicious and a file has been handed to the coroner.”
Brad Golden believes a teacher's job is to challenge his or her students.
The three-year theatre instructor at La Costa Canyon High School recalled a parent informing him that he was "emotionally challenging" his performers, whose most recent feat was tackling the musical and heart-wrenching show "Les Misérables" in early May. The show's last three of eight performances earned sold-out crowds well ahead of open box office hours. This was a strong difference from the previous theatre program, which was once described as a "ghost town," prior to Golden's arrival, as the school had been more known for its sports and academics.
Now, the arts are finding their place in the school, too, Golden said. Forty-eight kids created the cast of "Les Misérables." Half were first-timers in a play at LCC.
"Presenting the idea of doing Les Mis, I got a lot of people rolling their eyes or scoffing at how we would pull it off with a school that's primarily known for academics and for sports," Golden said in a recent interview. "How do you find enough voices? It's interesting what's happening now. The opportunity is presented and students are rising to that. It wasn't that we didn't have voices here at LCC; it's just that their opportunity was perhaps not present. The talent was there. Students at this age just need the encouragement to come out of their shell."
Courtesy Brad Golden, top row center, with his cast of performers from "Les Miserables." Brad Golden, top row center, with his cast of performers from "Les Miserables." (Courtesy)
On May 27, Golden was awarded the Best Local Theatre Teacher distinction at the fifth annual Broadway San Diego Awards.
The award, presented by San Diego County Credit union, is based off nominations and voted on in an online poll. A total of 37 local teachers were nominated and more than 2,000 votes were cast in the category, according to Broadway San Diego.
“The students competing in the Broadway San Diego Awards could never reach their full potential without these theatre teachers," said SDCCU President and CEO Teresa Halleck Campbell in a statement. "We are thrilled to recognize the hard work, dedication and talent of teachers throughout San Diego County.”
Other award categories included Best Actor, Best Actress and Best Musical Production. Rocco Polanco, an LCC junior, was among 10 teens who competed in the Best Actor category.
Golden, who is studying to get his master's degree in Theatre Education from New York University, said he feels "humbled" regarding his recognition as Best Local Theatre Teacher. He credited inspirations from his family, friends and his own theatre teachers.
"To be honored as Best Local Theatre Teacher is a testament that LCC Theatre is alive and well," he said. "Part of the story of what's happening here right now is this theatre renaissance. The students and I are doing wonderful work right now. Theatre is alive, people are enjoying it and the community is coming to see it."
Other performances at LCC since Golden stepped in have included West Side Story and the slapstick comedy, "The Love of Three Oranges," which required students to wear masks and silly costumes. Golden understood his performers' reluctance for the comedy show, in fear of ridicule, but still pushed them to do their best. In the end, the performance garnered laughs from the entire audience.
"I want our shows to be challenging for performers and challenging for the audiences in some capacity. It's gotta be," Golden said. "Sometimes students will be with me for four years. I'm trying not to repeat tone with them, and I also see theatre as being a total art. It encompasses everything."
Ascend Performance Materials' Chocolate Bayou facility has received the Occupational Safety and Health Administration's (OSHA) Region VI Voluntary Protection Programs (VPP) Star of Excellence award. This marks the fourth year in a row that Ascend's Chocolate Bayou facility has received an award as part of OSHA's VPP.
The OSHA VPP Star certification is designed for exemplary worksites with comprehensive, successful safety and health management systems. It is awarded to facilities that have a total recordable incident rate (TRIR) and days away restricted or transferred rate, known as a DART rate, of 90 percent below the average recordable rate for facilities of similar size.
“The reward for safe, reliable operations is that we are incident-free – no accidents and no injuries. While that's exactly what we want, a lot of work on everyone's part goes into having a safe workplace. Without the positive feedback of awards, it can be easy for people to become complacent,” said Lynda Greene, Ascend's senior manager for environment, safety, security and health at Chocolate Bayou. “The Star of Excellence award reminds us that being safe is highly valued and that our safety record is a point of pride across our company.”
“Safety is our top priority at Ascend,” said Paul Cartlidge, site director for Chocolate Bayou. “OSHA's Star Award is a prestigious and highly coveted designation representing safety excellence and we're proud to have earned it.”
Montana Sen. Jon Tester Weighs In On Delayed Confirmation Hearing For Ronny Jackson NPR's Ari Shapiro speaks with Sen. Jon Tester, D-Mont., about why the Senate confirmation hearing for President Trump's nominee to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs, Ronny Jackson, has been delayed.
Global equities on back-foot on US Fed rate hike, Trump probe
Asian markets are defensive in morning trade. According to Reuters, reports that US President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice is weighing on the sentiment. Overnight US stocks closed slightly lower after the Federal Reserve raised key interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point.
12 defaulters identified by RBI to be named soon
The finance ministry said the names of the 12 big defaulters identified by the RBI for initiation of bankruptcy proceedings will soon be made public, reports PTI.
BoB, Canara Bank may lead smaller banks consolidation
Bank of Baroda Ltd (BoB) and Canara Bank Ltd may acquire smaller banks like Dena Bank Ltd, Vijaya Bank Ltd, UCO Bank Ltd, Union Bank of India Ltd, and United Bank of India Ltd, reports Business Standard. According to the report, the government is holding discussions with 6-7 banks to examine synergies.
GST impact: Bajaj Auto cuts prices of bikes
Bajaj Auto Ltd on Wednesday announced a reduction in prices of its motorcycles—from CT 100 to Dominar 400—by up to Rs4,500 with immediate effect to pass on the expected benefit of GST to customers, reports PTI.
S&P ups outlook on Adani Ports to stable from negative
Ratings agency Standard and Poor's (S&P) revised up the outlook on Adani Ports to “stable” from “negative” on expectations of better operating performance and limiting related-party lending, reports PTI.
HDFC eyes 10% sales in life insurance arm through IPO
With the insurance regulator rejecting the HDFC Life and Max Life merger structure, HDFC Ltd is looking at selling 10% of its stake in its life insurance arm through an initial public offering, reports The Times of India.
Mahindra Holidays assessing acquisitions in the US
Mahindra Holidays and Resorts India Ltd is assessing acquisition targets in the US in an effort to make its portfolio attractive to outbound Indian holidaymakers, reports Business Standard.
PSU OMCs sign agreement to set up $30 billion refinery
State-owned oil marketing companies (OMCs) India Oil Corp Ltd, BPCL Ltd, and HPCL Ltd signed an agreement to jointly set up India's biggest refinery at Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra at a cost of $30 billion (Rs 2 trillion), reports PTI.
Clothing retailers slash prices ahead of GST
Several retailers are slashing prices to liquidate merchandise, advancing their usual end-of-season sales before the goods and services tax (GST) is rolled out, reports The Economic Times. The move comes after the GST council decided that man-made apparel above Rs 1,000 will attract a 12% levy, higher than the existing 7%, the report adds.
Tata Power's Welspun deal may come under lens
Tata Sons is considering a forensic audit of last year's purchase of Welspun Renewables Energy by Tata Power Co Ltd on concerns over corporate governance and valuations, reports The Economic Times.
ED files charges against Vijay Mallya
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has filed a chargesheet against businessman Vijay Mallya in a case related to the suspected diversion of a Rs900 crore loan given to his defunct Kingfisher Airlines Ltd by IDBI Bank Ltd.
Levon Jackson has announced his candidacy for mayor of Pace. He is an independent candidate for mayor in the June 4 General Election.
He is a graduate of West Bolivar High School and Coahoma Community College in Clarksdale. He received certification in Auto Body Repair and Brick Masonry. He obtained a bachelor's degree in Theology from the American Baptist College in Nashville, TN.
He retired from the Mississippi Department of Corrections after 30 years of outstanding service. He received the Commissioner's Distinguished Service Coin.
He's currently employed with Bolivar Medical Center in Cleveland and is a member of the Bolivar County EOC. He is the pastor of Mercy Seat Missionary Baptist Church. He served as member of the West Bolivar School Board of Trustees. He's also a chaplain for the Mississippi Association of Professional in Corrections.
Jackson is married to Marion and they have five children: Linvetta, Terry, Chancy, Shimeka and Levon (Jay); and eight grandchildren.
He would like to see his hometown of Pace make a change. He will also make a contribution through leadership and strong support groups, such as housing, community centers, walking trails, and computer labs.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JAKE DANNA STEVENS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Evan Krysko of West Scranton jumps for the ball as teammate Cole Stetzar looks on during Monday's game against Delaware Valley. JAKE DANNA STEVENS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Delaware Valley pitcher Zach Klapak delivers to the plate against West Scranton on Monday.
Zach Klapak's first two
at-bats didn't go exactly as he hoped. Same with his fourth one — all were swinging strikeouts.
But his third trip to the plate helped Delaware Valley take control of Monday's game against West Scranton.
Klapak slammed a solo home run to start a five-run fifth inning and the Warriors defeated the Invaders, 7-1, in a Lackawanna League Division I game at Battaglia-Cawley Field.
“That third at-bat was a good reliever,” said Klapak, who is verbally committed to play baseball at the University of Pittsburgh. “Also, striking out three times instead of two just makes you feel even worse. But coming through with getting an extra run to help us out, get us to start going again, was really nice.”
Klapak also picked up the win, allowing one run on five hits in 4⅓ innings while walking two and striking out six in a rare start for the Warriors' usual starting catcher.
His home run broke a 1-1 tie, which stood since the top of the second.
Klapak swung through curveballs from West Scranton (1-1) starter Thomas Ivanoff for his first two strikeouts, so when the count got to two strikes in his third at-bat, he had a plan.
“Throughout the whole game I was (standing) behind in the box, whiffing at it,” he said. “So, I stepped up in the box this time and looked for (the curveball) this time, because he was throwing it constantly with those two strikes. And I finally drove one.”
The lefty-swinging junior got a breaking ball low and inside, dropped the bat head on it and sent a towering blast out to right field.
“I knew it was going (out) when I hit it, but then I looked at my first-base coach and I don't think he knew, so I started cooking after that,” Klapak said.
Zak Kain and Jake Peters worked walks after the home run, and Dillon Petzold singled to load the bases. A wild pitch bumped the Warriors' lead to 3-1.
With the infield in, Christian Jorgenson fought off a pitch from West Scranton reliever Shayne Merrifield and tapped it back up the middle for one of his three hits in the game. Two runs scored to give Delaware Valley (2-1) a 5-1 lead and Matt Cavallaro later brought in another by working a bases-loaded walk.
“It was important to keep piling on,” Jorgenson said. “Get runs, keeps us motivated, gets us going.”
Merrifield limited the damage by striking out Delaware Valley's Nos. 2, 3 and 4 hitters to end the inning. He and Justin Medici held the Warriors to two hits over the final three innings.
On the mound for what he said was his second varsity league start, Klapak battled some early rust to keep West Scranton off balance. The Invaders took a 1-0 lead on Pat Dougherty's two-out, RBI single in the first inning. Klapak retired 10 of the next 13 batters he faced, surrendering only a bloop single and two full-count walks while relying on a heavy fastball with two-seam movement. His day ended when Frank Worsnick Jr. and Cory Miller started the fifth inning with singles.
“In the beginning I was a little iffy here and there,” he said. “I couldn't find the strike zone because I haven't pitched in a while. But otherwise, I started pounding the zone at the end, feeling good, getting pitches by.”
Delaware Valley extended its lead to 7-1 when Ryan Simpson got a squeeze bunt down, and Jorgenson protected the lead by striking out three and allowing two walks over the final 2⅔ innings.
“Give credit to their pitchers — they kept us off balance and guessing all day,” West Scranton coach George “Skip” Roskos said. “We can't let one run turn into two or four or five. That's what happened. Kid hits a solo shot, we've got to be able to compete through that.”
Evan Krysko and Nick Gioia also had hits for the Invaders, who have two more chances against Delaware Valley this week. The teams play in Milford on Thursday, then again Saturday at Misericordia University as part of the Bill Howerton Strike Out Cancer Weekend.
“We've got to put this behind us, division series or nonleague game, no matter what it is,” Roskos said. “When you play as poorly as we did today, especially offensively, you've got to put it behind you. But again, that's a credit to their pitching staff.”
Contact the writer:
cfoley@timesshamrock.com
Delaware Valley West Scranton
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Cavallaro c 1 0 0 1 Worsnick rf 4 0 1 0
Baker ph 1 0 0 0 Miller 2b 3 1 1 0
JJorgenson ss 3 0 0 0 Stetzar ss 2 0 0 0
Crawford ph 1 0 0 0 Krysko 3b 2 0 1 0
Klapak c 4 1 1 1 Ivanoff p/p 0 0 0 0
Connellis ph 0 0 0 0 Dougherty dh 2 0 1 1
Kain 3b 4 1 1 0 Loureiro lf 3 0 0 0
Kruse lf 2 0 0 0 Worsnick c 2 0 0 0
Peters ph 0 1 0 0 Bruno 1b 3 0 0 0
Heaney 1b 1 0 0 0 Gioia cf 2 0 1 0
Petzold 2b 2 3 2 0 Rivera ph 1 0 0 0
CJorgenson 1b 3 1 3 2 Merrifield p 0 0 0 0
Simpson rf 2 0 0 1 Medici p 0 0 0 0
Fahnestock ph 0 0 0 0
Smith cf 1 0 0 0
Bulkley dh 2 0 1 1
Totals 27 7 8 6 Totals 24 1 5 1
Delaware Valley 010 051 0 — 7
West Scranton 100 000 0 — 1
2B: Dillon Petzold (DV). HR: Zach Klapak (DV).
Delaware Valley IP H R ER BB SO
Klapak, WP 4.1 5 1 1 2 6
Jorgenson 2.2 0 0 0 2 3
West Scranton IP H R ER BB SO
Ivanoff, LP 4 6 5 5 5 5
Merrifield 1.1 2 2 2 4 3
Medici 1.2 0 0 0 0 2
Pitches: DV: Klapak 86, C. Jorgenson 43; WS: Ivanoff 81, Merrifield 46, Medici 18
Records: DV 2-1, WS 1-1
You ever get so lazy that you need to slide down the stairs? This cat did.
Video of Kitty Slides Downstairs || ViralHog
A guy was ejected from a car in the middle of a high-speed chase after losing control. He landed on the roof and survived! Yes, he was arrested.
Video of Shocking CCTV of man ejected from spinning car after crash - Daily Mail
Video of Shocking CCTV of man ejected from spinning car after crash - Daily Mail
90 Migrants Reported Dead After Boat Capsizes Off Libya
Enlarge this image toggle caption Laurin Schmid/SOS Mediterranee/AP Laurin Schmid/SOS Mediterranee/AP
At least 90 migrants are feared dead after a boat capsized off the coast of Libya on Friday morning, according to the UN's migration agency.
The bodies of two Libyans and eight Pakistanis have reportedly washed up on the Libyan coast, according to the International Organization for Migration. Three people are said to have survived: two who swam to shore, and one who was rescued by a fishing boat.
The IOM notes that in 2017, 3,138 Pakistanis migrated to Italy by sea from Libya.
But one month into 2018, 240 Pakistanis are estimated to have reached Italy in January. Just nine came in the same period last year.
In a separate incident off Sicily last weekend, more than 32 people are thought to have died as their dinghy began taking on water as it crossed the Mediterranean from Libya.
The rescue vessel Aquarius from the humanitarian organization SOS Mediterranee arrived at the sinking boat and was able to pull 96 people to safety. Three migrants are confirmed dead while others remain missing.
"When our speed boats approached the rubber dinghy, it was already deflating on one side and people were in the water without lifejackets," recounted Klaus Merkle, SOS Mediterranee's search and rescue coordinator. "All floating devices were deployed immediately, but many people had already lost consciousness when they were pulled out of the water and had to be resuscitated."
Two of those who died were women whose children survived and are now orphaned. Other survivors were disoriented from gasoline inhalation, burned by the mixture of gasoline and salt water, or suffered hypothermia, the organization said.
The migration corridor remains highly precarious. An estimated 246 migrants died in the month of January in Mediterranean crossings, while 23 deaths were recorded in December.
"Of course, there is no way to predict the number of deaths we record – almost all migrants who die in the Mediterranean are victims of chance," Julia Black, coordinator of IOM's Missing Migrants Project, said in a statement, "but it is heart-breaking that so often dozens, sometimes hundreds of deaths occur in a single day. While the deaths of these migrants are unpredictable, there is an undeniable trend of tragedy in the Mediterranean."
Cornwall is facing a skills shortage with 77% of local businesses reporting a difficulty in filling vacancies. But there is a much wider pool of talent to choose from if you are willing to open your eyes, explains iSightCornwall chief executive, Terri Rosnau-Ward
When was the last time you employed someone with a disability? How about the last time you interviewed a disabled jobseeker? If the answer is never then you are missing out on a pool of talented, loyal and hardworking potential employees with plenty to offer.
As the chief executive of iSightCornwall, I'm proud that we have created a talented and diverse team. This is not a token gesture. All our staff are employed on merit – we look at a person's ability not their disability.
However, less than half of disabled people and people with health conditions in Cornwall are in work. So why is this?
The most significant barrier for disabled jobseekers still appears to be the stereotypical assumptions and attitudes of employers about what people with disability can and cannot do. Some most common misconceptions include the perceived cost of workplace adjustments and the fear of other people in the workplace doing or saying the wrong thing.
In fact, many reasonable adjustments involve little or no cost to employers. For example, travel expenses, specially-adapted equipment or support workers could all be funded through the government's Access to Work programme. And you don't need to be afraid of saying the wrong thing (within reason, of course). What I mean is, you can say ‘see you later' to someone with a visual impairment without causing offence. Trust me – we say it all the time.
I'm passionate about challenging perceptions and changing attitudes to overcome these barriers. I want to help employers realise the potential a more diverse workforce brings. At iSightCornwall, we can support you to become a more confident and inclusive employer by offering advice and training on sight loss support; showing you how to create accessible documents for the application process; as well as offering you the chance to see inclusive employment in action by visiting our charity and meeting our staff.
We don't just help with the recruitment of new staff but can also support you to keep your valued employees if their circumstances change. Retaining an experienced, skilled employee who has acquired an impairment is far more beneficial for you than recruiting and training new staff.
When Darren Phillips' sight deteriorated we worked with his employer at the Beresford Hotel in Newquay to make reasonable adjustments. By providing him with a portable hand held video magnifier, Darren was able to continue in his role of Deputy Manager. His manager Jackie Cunliffe told us how much they valued Darren's wealth of knowledge and experience and how they would have really struggled without him if he'd had to give up his job.
We're proud to be a disability confident employer. Being able to attract people from the widest possible talent pool is absolutely vital in keeping a business competitive and moving it forward. I would urge all of our local businesses to seriously consider what they can do as employers to attract more disabled talent to their organisations.
If you are willing to think differently about disability and open your eyes to the wider pool of talent on your doorstep you could discover employees that you'll wonder how you ever did without. By the way, did I mention I lost my sight 13 years ago? If I can become the chief executive of one of Cornwall's oldest charities, imagine what others can achieve.
For further support and advice, contact Carole Theobald, Director of Operations 01872 261110 ctheobald@isightcornwall.org.uk
Disability Confident – a government service supporting employers to attract, recruit and retain disabled workers
Robert G. Reeves, 91, of Milford, director of Logistics Management/Support with AVCO Lycoming/Textron, husband of the late Joan Reeves, died Aug. 13.
Born in Brooklyn, N.Y. on Oct. 27, 1925 to the late William and Viola Reeves; U.S. Army-Air Force; safe boating and navigation instructor; education officer and US Power Squadron commander.
Survived by three children, Linda Knablin (Kevin) of Milford, William Reeves (Michele) of Simpsonville, S.C., and Robert C. Reeves (Lynette) of Wayzata Minn., sister, Nancy Komenda of Otego, N.Y., eight grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.
Also predeceased by sister, June Reeves.
Services: Thursday, Aug. 17, noon, St. Mary Church, 70 Gulf St., Milford. Burial will follow in King's Highway Cemetery, 271 Cherry St., Milford. Calling hours: Thursday, Aug. 17, 10:15-11:15 a.m., Cody-White Funeral Home, 107 Broad St., Milford.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A paedophile begged a judge for a week of freedom moments after he was convicted of raping two young girls.
Victor Jeffrey, 39, spoke up from the dock to persuade a judge for seven more days at home before he started his prison term.
The Middlesbrough man had been on bail throughout the trial at Teesside Crown Court, reports Gazette Live.
Knowing he faced a long stretch behind bars he said: : “I know I've been convicted of this in a court of law, Sir, and the sentence will be next week.
“But can I please ask you to please let me go home for another week. I promise I will come here like I have done every day.
“I'm begging you Sir, your Honour. I don't need to be put on remand. I'm no risk to anybody.”
Judge Howard Crowson told him: “I understand why you ask that. I'm afraid, Mr Jeffery, you'll have to stay where you are.
“It will be a long prison sentence.”
Jeffery was convicted of three rapes and one sexual assault on Thursday.
He appeared to show no reaction when the jury delivered its verdicts after about six hours' consideration.
Jurors could not reach verdicts on three more rape charges.
Prosecutor Shaun Dodds said the Crown would not seek a re-trial on these charges, which are expected to be left to lie on the court file.
Jeffery raped the two vulnerable underage girls several years ago, and told them not to tell of what he did.
One of the girls, who cannot be named for legal reasons, described him and his behaviour as “horrible”.
She told her mother and she called the police.
Jeffery denied all of the offences, claimed none of the sexual attacks happened and that the allegations were lies.
He is due to be sentenced next Friday.
Cincinnati hit 9 of their 25 shots from behind the arc, while UConn went 5 of 17.
"It's tough on the road," Evans said. "You play a team on the road, especially in conference, it gets dark as the away team. So, we were just focused on getting the win and getting back to Cincinnati."
BIG PICTURE
Cincinnati: A win in its next game against UCF would tie the team's longest winning streak in the 12-years since Mick Cronin took over as head coach. The school record for consecutive wins is 37, during the 1961-62 and 1962-63 seasons.
UConn: The Huskies are now 27-29 over the past two seasons. UConn has lost 12 straight against ranked opponents and is 0-5 against the Top 25 this season. Despite their struggles, this was the Huskies first loss on campus this season. The Huskies are now 5-1 at Gampel Pavilion.
"We have the guys; we have the talent, we just need to figure out how to put it together," Vital said. "I don't know how. Obviously, we're still trying to figure that out."
COMING HOME
The game was a homecoming for Cincinnati guard Cane Broome, who is from East Hartford and played at Sacred Heart in Fairfield before transferring to Cincinnati. Broome, who averages just over eight points a game, scored 10 points. He played against UConn once before, as a sophomore at Sacred Heart, scoring just seven points, the only time that season he failed to reach double figures.
"I just wanted to be able and come here and win the game, for real, because last time I came, I lost," Broome said. I just wanted to win the game."
UConn is just 27-28 since the 2016-17 season began.
HE'LL BE BACK
UConn point guard Alterique Gilbert recently had season-ending surgery on his left shoulder for the second straight year. But Gilbert says he's "100 per cent" committed to returning to the program. "The past two years have been kind of up and down for us, but I definitely know with the history and tradition at UConn there is another side to that, so I want to experience that side," Gilbert said.
UP NEXT
Cincinnati: Heads home to face UCF on Tuesday before at two-game road trip to SMU and Houston.
UConn: The Huskies remain at home to face USF on Wednesday. It will be the first time this season the Huskies have had back-to-back games at Gampel Pavilion.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Pat Eaton-Robb, The Associated Press
CR Fashion Book Issue 12 is on newsstands now. To order a copy click here, and sign up for our newsletter for exclusive stories from the new issue.
Mario Sorrenti / CR Fashion Book
Models Cara Taylor, Binx Walton, Yoon Young Bae, Adut Akech, Nina Marker, Carissa Pinkston, and Faith Lynch don a mix of high-end designer and more accessible pieces in a new film shot by Daniel Akselrad for the 12th issue of CR Fashion Book. Entitled "Save Money, Look Better," the editorial and accompanying film was inspired by Carine's first-ever visit to Walmart on the suggestion of Kanye West. Inspired by mass commercialism and set to "Andro" by Replica, the video showcases the models wearing both anti-fashion and couture looks in front of a backdrop of rain-drenched Brooklyn studio.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
PHOTOGRAPHY MARIO SORRENTI
FASHION CARINE ROITFELD
CREATIVE DIRECTION THE STYLE COUNCIL PARIS
MAKEUP KANAKO TAKASE
HAIR AKKI
FILM DANIEL AKSELRAD
MANICURE CHRISTINA ZULETA
PHOTO ASSISTANT KOTARO KAWASHIMA
HAIR ASSISTANT RAY KAWAUCHI
MUSIC "ANDRO" BY REPLICA
ESPN's Brian Windhorst is out with a story today on LeBron James' freakish body and the way he keeps it in tip-top shape. It wastes no time getting very weird.
In the past 15 years, stories about LeBron James‘ body have become a bit legendary with teammates. Seeing him turn his ankle nearly 90 degrees only to tighten his shoelaces and finish with a triple-double. Watching him show up four hours before a playoff game to get in a sweat-soaked workout, then play more than 40 minutes and score 40 points. And the topper: the time James gained seven pounds during an Eastern Conference finals game. Some Miami Heat teammates saw the scale and attest to it in amazement. James himself just shrugs and calls it “weird as hell.” The truly wild part is that it was from 271 pounds to 278 pounds, though James is much lighter these days.
Uhhhh. Any doctors out there care to use their big brains and explain how such a thing is possible? We dumb laypeople are out here operating under the assumption NBA players sweat out a bunch of water weight during games.
Is James somehow amassing seven pounds of lactic acid during 48 minutes of action? Is he human? Is there a sinister, conspiratorial explanation James haters can latch onto to make sense of this situation?
Weird as hell indeed.
HAMMOND, La. — Eddy Polanco scored seven of his 19 points in the final minute to help Southeastern Louisiana fight off Central Arkansas' comeback bid for an 89-84 win on Saturday night.
Mathieu Kamba, who had a career-high 30 points, slammed home a dunk with 1:48 remaining as Central Arkansas closed to 76-75. Joshua Filmore and Polanco responded with back-to-back 3-pointers to push the advantage to 82-77. Polanco, who finished 11 of 11 from the line, then added four consecutive free throws to seal the win.
The Bears roared out to a 43-35 halftime advantage. Southeastern Louisiana opened the second half on a 17-6 run to go ahead 52-49. The Loins took the lead for good, 63-57, when Polanco scored six straight unanswered points.
Jordan Capps led the Lions (14-10, 8-3 Southland Conference) with 26 points. Filmore added 18 and Moses Greenwood chipped in 13. Marlain Veal had 11 assists and four steals.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former EastEnders star Joseph Shade, who admitted carrying out a string of sexual offences against three underage girls, was spared a jail sentence on Friday.
The 24-year-old former actor - who played Ian Beale's son Peter on the BBC soap for six years from 1998 to 2004 - asked victims for sex while being employed as a youth worker, and also sent naked pictures of himself to the girls.
His victims screamed from the public gallery as the shamed actor was told he would be spared jail.
Appearing at Norwich Crown Court, Shade was handed an 18-month prison sentence, suspended for two years, whilst he was also made subject to a sexual behaviour order alongside a ban from working with children for six offences committed between 2012 and 2015.
(Image: PA)
Prosecutor Chris Paxton told the court: "Mr Joseph Shade has incited a child to engage in sexual activity while in a position of trust.
"His method of inciting sexual activity was that of sending naked pictures of himself to each of these girls and inviting them to reciprocate.
"He sent these messages on Facebook and Snapchat while working with young people at a project they attended to help them with their self-confidence."
(Image: PA)
(Image: BBC / SWNS.com)
Mr Paxton then vividly described each of the six sexual offences that Shade had carried out on his three victims.
Two of the victims were sitting in the public gallery and screamed out in anger as the sentence was read out.
One said: "What about us then, where's the justice for us? This is exactly why women don't speak out, there's no justice!"
(Image: James Linsell-Clark/ SWNS.com)
Shade's defence, Matthew McNiff said: "Mr Shade was a young individual who sought help from this project- on his 18th birthday he was to become a user of the project to a provider at the project.
"It was a huge jump, it was, quite plainly, quite beyond him. He was completely out of his depth, he misread the situation, and made a serious error, at the time he himself was just emerging from a difficult time."
He added that Shade was still "a young man" and that he had neither "matured emotionally" nor "mentally".
"He has been punished significantly in ways that others have not, he had been humiliated and will be forever labelled as he has been labelled," Mr. McNiff concluded.
At an earlier hearing, a jury found Shade guilty of five counts of inciting a underage girl to engage in a sexual activity and one of sexual activity with an underage girl while being in a "position of trust" during his years as a youth worker.
The prosecution dropped six other allegations against the former actor involving one other underage victim.
They were one count other count of inciting an underage girl to a sexual act with him as he was in a position of trust and four counts of inciting an underage child to engage in sexual activity.
Sentencing Shade, Judge Maureen Bacon QC said: "You now have 18 months imprisonment hanging over your head for the next two years.
"You must complete 150 hours unpaid work and in your rehabilitation program, hopefully will get the root of some of your misapprehension of your faults."
Shade, wearing a white shirt, dark purple tie and navy trousers, looked wide eyed with relief as he was released from the dock.
EXO's "The War" has sold more than 1 million copies in less than one month, becoming the boy band's fourth "a million seller" record, its agency said Monday.
The Korean and Chinese versions of EXO's fourth full-length album have sold a combined 1.01 million copies to date, according to S.M. Entertainment.
(Yonhap)
The group's three previous full-length albums -- "XOXO" (2013), "Exodus" (2015) and "Ex'Act" (2016) -- sold over 1 million copies when including sales numbers for the Korean, Chinese and repackaged versions. "The War" reached the 1 million mark much faster and even without the help of a repackaged release."We can't believe that the album sold over 1 million copies despite coming out less than a month ago. This is all thanks to all of you fans," EXO said.After its release July 19, the album swept various music charts at home, also conquering more than 42 iTunes general albums' charts around the world. It also topped Billboard's World Albums chart for two straight weeks. (Yonhap)
If you want to stick to your New Year's resolutions in 2017, don't dream big, dream reasonable.Instead of trying to lose 100 pounds or become fluent in French in 365 days, having manageable goals and a firm but flexible timeline will help keep your resolutions alive for 2017. Here are reasonable and achievable New Year's resolutions.Perhaps you've been dying to see the Eiffel Tower glowing at night or have always wanted to trek along the Great Wall of China. International travel fantasies are fun to picture but hard to turn into reality with pricey plane fares and hotels rates.Instead of trying to trot the entire globe, take a road trip to a nearby hotspot or fly to a fun, new destination in the U.S. to satisfy your New Year travel bug. You'll be able to explore somewhere new and exciting without significantly impacting your schedule or wallet.Learning a new language can be of great benefit to your personal and professional life but also requires a lot of time and dedication. Lifehacker suggests that people trying to learn a foreign language should set specific priorities and a timeline for their language goals, like knowing how to speak basic phrases at the end of a month. Online tools like Duolingo and Memrise can also keep language learners on track with their goals.It's hard not to watch a cooking show on TV and have dreams of becoming a world class chef. But with consumers spending more money at restaurants than they do at grocery stores, according to Bloomberg , fewer people are strengthening their cooking skills at home.Treat yourself to a new cookbook and then commit to trying out new recipes on a daily or weekly basis. You can also sign up for cooking classes at a community center to learn about food in a group setting.The most popular New Year's resolution in 2016 was staying fit and healthy according to Nielsen , and 2017 is almost certain to shape up the same way. Set realistic goals and commit to a regular fitness activity that you enjoy . Find a workout buddy to help motivate you and keep you on track and reward yourself when you hit milestone achievements.People love to read, with nearly eight in 10 Americans having read a book in the past year, according to the Pew Research Center . But with so many book options available in digital and print, tackling all of the year's great literary offerings can be a difficult and time-consuming task.If you want to increase your literary diet in 2017, try finishing a new book every month. If you're feeling ambitious, you can try to read a book every week.Who wouldn't like to play piano as good as Billy Joel or the electric guitar as wild as Jimi Hendrix? While learning to play a musical instrument has positive health benefits for people of all ages , it still took these master musicians countless hours to perfect their craft.Focusing on learning the basic skills of an instrument and setting specific goals will help keep your musical abilities on track. Many free instructional videos can be found on YouTube for musicians of all levels. If you prefer a group environment over self-teaching, consider seeking group lessons at a music store or through a private instructor in your area. But keeping your goals reasonable will help make your 2017 a very musical year.
Mp3juice Music gives knowledge. Constant exposure to music since folk songs, praise music and nursery rhymes to generate it entirely possible that a child to understand values and feelings and before they set out to go to varsity. Parents should be ready in giving answers when their children want the latest songs lyrics to be explained.Camp Electric will have song writing sessions, reside on stage time, and also a battle for this bands instance. Students are also given the chance to perform along with any among the instructors.More Information:===>>> https://mp3juice.live/
A father of three daughters who were sexually assaulted by Larry Nassar tried to attack the former USA Gymnastics doctor during a sentencing hearing.
A father of three daughters who were sexually assaulted by Larry Nassar tried to attack the former USA Gymnastics doctor during a sentencing hearing.
Father of sexual assault victims lashes out in court The West Australian
A father of three daughters who were sexually assaulted by Larry Nassar tried to attack the former USA Gymnastics doctor during a sentencing hearing today.
Two of Randall Margraves' daughters, Lauren and Madison Rae, had just finished addressing the court, saying they and another sister had been sexually abused by Nassar under the guise of medical treatment.
The third sister, Morgan Margraves, read her victim impact statement during Nassar's last month's sentencing.
After hearing his two daughters' impact statements, Mr Margraves asked the judge for "five minutes" alone with Nassar.
"I would ask you, as part of the sentencing, to grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon. Would you do that?" Mr Margraves asked.
When the judge refused, he asked: "Would you give me one minute?"
When the judge refused a second time, Mr Margraves took action.
He looked at Nassar, shook his head and called him a "son of a b*tch" while speaking at the courtroom podium.
The judge cautioned Mr Margraves against using profanity.
He then lunged at Nassar, who was sitting nearby. He jumped over a podium and tried to get at him.
"I want that son of a b*tch. Give me one minute with that bastard," Mr Margraves said as he was carried out of the courtroom in handcuffs.
Mr Margraves was wrestled to the ground by court deputies and taken into police custody.
Crying could be heard in the courtroom as Nassar was escorted out.
Mr Margraves' daughters seemed to be in a state of shock as they looked on from behind the podium as their father was dragged from the court.
Assistant Attorney-General Angela Povilaitis told families in the courtroom to "use your words," not violence.
"We cannot behave like this. I understand this is a remarkable situation. But you cannot do this," she said.
"This is not helping your children. This is not helping your community. This is not helping us."
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar on sexual abuse charges.
During a similar hearing that ended last week, more than 150 girls and women came forward to say Nassar abused them under the guise of medical treatment.
The proceedings are likely to extend into next week and more victims are expected to speak.
The slaughter of donkeys has raised concerns about consumers being duped when ordering “pap and vleis” from vendors on the outskirts of Pretoria.
Three men caught driving a Citi Golf‚ loaded with buckets and refuse bags of freshly slaughtered donkey meat‚ appeared in the Ga-rankuwa Magistrate's Court on Monday on charges of livestock theft.
Zimbabwean national Mgcini Dube was denied bail while local residents Stephen Sepeng and Collen Molapo were released on bail of R1‚000 and R500 respectively.
The trio were arrested on November 29 when an off duty police captain spotted a suspicious vehicle making a U-turn.
SPCA inspector Mishack Matlou was shocked when he arrived at the scene of arrest‚ after the organisation was contacted by the police.
"The meat was packed in buckets and refuse bags. We are still investigating as to how we could add cruelty to animals to their charges because the donkeys are killed in the most horrible way‚ sometime hacked with pangas‚" he said.
Matlou said since 2015 more than 300 donkeys had been slaughtered in the areas of Winterveldt‚ Kgabalatsane‚ Klipgat and Madidi. The meat had been removed. He said recently the heads‚ legs and skins of more than 30 donkeys had been found in the bush.
WESTFIELD - Voters will be asked to narrow a field of candidates for Ward 4 City Councilor in the only race that will appear on the Sept. 26 preliminary election ballot.
All other candidates move to the general election on Nov. 8.
Mayor Brian P. Sullivan is running unopposed for a second two-year term. Before he was elected mayor in 2015, Sullivan served on the City Council for 18 years.
Ward 4 City Councilor Mary O'Connell is not seeking reelection. After David Call withdrew his name from consideration, the three candidates for the seat are Michael Burns, Bernard W. Fitzgerald-Rosenblum and Dawn Thomas.
Councilors Mary Ann Babinski and Ralph J. Figy, of Wards 1 and 2 respectively, are running unopposed for reelection, and so is Ward 6 Councilor William Onyski.
Ward 3 Councilor Andrew Surprise faces a challenge from Robert Atkocatitis. In Ward 5, Leslie D. LeFebvre is trying to unseat Robert A. Paul, Sr.
All seven at-large councilors are seeking reelection. Six other candidates are vying for those seats: Frank L. Bush, Jeffrey J. Chagnon, Matt Emershy, Muneeb Moon Mahboob, Nicholas J. Morganelli, Jr. and Gary D. Wolfe.
Two incumbent School Committee members, Jeffrey Gosselin and Cindy A. Sullivan, and two newcomers, Timothy J. O'Connor and Heather W. Sullivan, will face off for three seats.
All six Municipal Light Board members are unchallenged for reelection. Incumbent Jayne M. Mulligan will face Jason Phillips for Athenaeum Trustee.
Any Ward 4 candidate who chooses to withdraw from the ballot must do so by Aug. 24. All other candidates have until Oct. 2.
Female? 40+? Miserable about your body? Frustrated? Gotta do something about it?
CLICK TO READ:
Reconnect with
Fit & Healthy
a Self-Rating Tool
Linda T. Gottlieb
Certified Fitness Pro
30+ Years Experience
www.fittraining.net
SPORTS
GANGNEUNG (Yonhap) -- Coming from a reclusive nation, North Korean athletes have remained guarded in their preparations for the upcoming Winter Olympics in South Korea.
A delegation of 32, including 10 athletes, crossed the heavily fortified border via a South Korean chartered plane Thursday, amid media frenzy and tight security. With South Korean and international media desperate for some sound bites, the athletes for the most part kept their mouths shut.
North Korean athletes and officials head to a training session at the athletes` village in Gangneung, Gangwon Province on Saturday. Yonhap
Only the teen figure skater Ryom Tae-ok, who turned 19 on Friday, offered her thoughts -- and rather briefly at that. Asked to describe how she felt to be in South Korea for her first Olympics, Ryom simply said, "I don't talk before competitions."And she has lived up to her words.Ryom and her pairs partner, Kim Ju-sik, had the entire ice at Gangneung Ice Area to themselves Friday during their first training session but evaded more than a dozen reporters camped out in the mixed zone and left without a word.Then on Saturday, Kim did say briefly, "It was good," referring to his practice, before being ushered out of the mixed zone.With a huge media throng clinging to every spoken word from the pairs team, it was their coach, Kim Hyon-son, who gets the mark for most spoken words by a member of the North Korean delegation here."I am pleased that we have been welcomed here," Kim said, as she and her team were leaving the practice area.That they've agreed to compete in the first Winter Olympics hosted by South Korea has generated much interest and rightly so.North Koreans have never participated in an Olympic game in the South, and their presence is expected to help thaw the long-frozen inter-Korean relations.And seeing North Korea at any Winter Olympics is a rarity in and of itself. North Korea didn't have any qualified athlete for the 2014 Sochi Winter Games, and won zero medals in 2006 and 2010.The country has only one silver and one bronze all-time in its eight previous Winter Olympics appearances.From North Korea, 12 women's ice hockey players arrived first on Jan. 25, and they have been training with 23 South Korean players on the historic joint team. They're based at Jincheon National Training Center in Jincheon, 90 kilometers south of Seoul, and are scheduled to move into Gangneung Olympic Village late Sunday, after playing Sweden in a tune-up game that evening in Incheon, just west of the capital city. Their practice sessions have been closed to the media.Aside from the hockey team and the Ryom-Kim pair, North Korea has sent two short track speed skaters, three alpine skiers and three cross-country skiers.The six skiers had yet to make an appearance as of Saturday morning. The two short trackers, Choe Un-song and Jong Kwang-bom, had their first practice Friday, but toward the end of the session, Choe fell and crashed hard into safety padding. He was treated for a laceration on his right ankle, and it wasn't immediately clear whether he'd be able to compete in the Olympics.And neither his teammate Jong nor coach Yun Chol spoke to the press on Friday about the severity of Choe's injury.Following Saturday's practice, Yun was peppered with questions about Choe's status. The coach responded, "It's up to him to decide (whether he'll skate in the Olympics)."Choe's main event is the 500 meters, and the heats for that distance are scheduled for Feb. 20.In international sporting events, the silent treatment by North Korean athletes is par for the course. The last time North Korea came to the South for a multisport competition was the 2014 Incheon Asian Games, and for the most part, they were just as tight-lipped as as the athletes here are now.So far in PyeongChang and Gangneung, the North Korean athletes have been chauffeured around in their own special buses, instead of the regular shuttles for all the other athletes. And the few words spoken by Ryom and Kim won't satisfy the curious types.Athletes' biographies on the PyeongChang Olympics website offer only small bits of information. Beyond their height, weight and dates of birth, we do know that Ryom and Kim train 36 hours a week in Pyongyang. Ryom's hobbies are dancing, reading and listening to music, while Kim listed football as one of his hobbies.But at least at the Incheon Asian Games, one athlete gave the public a glimpse into his personality, while using a press conference to express his love for his country.Weightlifter Om Yun-chol, who won the men's 56-kilogram gold medal and broke his own world record in the process, credited North Korean leader Kim Jong-un for helping him, and memorably said, "If you're armed with ideology, you can break a rock with an egg."It was a moment as confusing as it was refreshing. But keep in mind that this came at a press conference for medalists. North Korean athletes aren't favored to win medals at PyeongChang 2018 -- though you wouldn't know it by the way they've attracted media attention in the build-up.With next Friday's opening ceremony fast approaching, PyeongChang 2018 is badly in need of some publicity boost. Its top organizer, Lee Hee-beom, admitted on Thursday that ticket sales could use some last-minute push. Lee said just under 75 percent of the tickets had been sold as of Wednesday.It remains to be seen whether the media's fascination with the North Korean athletes will be matched by that of the public. The South Korean government, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and PyeongChang's organizers have hailed North Korea's participation as a step in the direction toward peace. But some have derisively called these the "Pyongyang Olympics," for the way North Korea has stolen PyeongChang's thunder. Others have voiced concerns that Seoul has been duped by Pyongyang's charm offensive and that North Korea, once the Olympic Games are over, will revert to its missile-launching, nuclear-testing ways.As the media frenzy goes, this is only the beginning. It could reach another level when the women's joint hockey finally arrives in Gangneung late Sunday.The Korean team's first game is next Saturday.
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
It's no secret that Justin Verlander has struggled in his career versus the Indians, particularly at Progressive Field.
The unknown is why.
After the Tigers ace was battered for nine runs over four innings on Friday night in Cleveland, catcher James McCann suggested the Indians could have been stealing signs or Verlander could have been tipping his pitches.
“He had some of his best stuff he's had all year and sure didn't look like it the way they were taking their swings,” said McCann, via the Free Press. “He had his best slider he's had all year. His curveball was good. His fastball – shoot, some of the fastballs they hit for home runs were 96 miles an hour up in the zone and in. It's not easy to pull it the way they were pulling it.”
The Indians took Verlander deep three times on Friday, continuing a trend. Verlander has given up 36 homers to Cleveland in his career, the second most against any opponent. 22 of those have come at Progressive Field, the most he has surrendered at any stadium not named Comerica Park.
“I guess the numbers speak for themselves,” McCann said, before adding later, “Maybe we gotta tip our caps. Who knows? But it doesn't mean we're going to stop trying to figure out what's going on.
Manager Brad Ausmus sat down with Verlander on Sunday to review film of the pitcher's latest start, and told reporters, “I'm not going to tell you if I found anything.” Asked, however, if it was possible that Verlander was tipping his pitches, Ausmus said, “Could be. Hitters are always trying to find an edge on pitchers and looking for a pitcher tipping is standard operating procedure. I can't tell if it is or isn't. Only the Indians can tell you that and they probably won't.”
When Indians manager Terry Francona was presented with this theory on Sunday, he told MLB.com,“It's hard for me to respond to that completely. I get your point, but I wasn't there. Going through a third party, I'm not really sure quite what was said or how it was said. I think in our game it's probably human nature…The object of the game is to have your guys know the signs and have the other team not. With all the technology, that can get more difficult, just like a lot of other stuff.”
Francona also pointed out that, pitch-tipping or not, Verlander made things easier than usual for the Indians hitters on Friday night.
“He left some pitches up. If he doesn't do that, we're probably not having this conversation,” said Francona.
Still, the numbers are alarming.
In 49 career stars versus Cleveland, Verlander is 19-22 – the most losses he has suffered against any opponent – with a 4.68 ERA and a 1.29 WHIP. Since the 2014 season, he is 2-8 in 14 starts with a 5.48 ERA and a 1.45 WHIP.
In 27 career starts at Progressive Field, Verlander is 9-15 – the most losses he has suffered anywhere besides Comerica Park – with a 5.72 ERA and a 1.39 WHIP. Since the 2014 season, he is 0-5 in seven starts with a 7.13 ERA and a 1.58 WHIP.
McCann's words bear repeating: “The numbers speak for themselves.”
Given the complexity of the signs the Tigers used on Friday night, even with nobody on base, McCann felt sign-stealing was too simple of an explanation for the Indians' success.
“It's got to be something beyond that,” he said. “We've kind of exhausted that side of it. Cleveland's not the only team we do that with. There are numerous teams that we take extra precautions with our signs. I wouldn't say it's anything to do with that.”
If it's the Tigers who are at fault in giving signs away, McCann said, they better clean it up.
“(If) a pitcher's tipping his pitches, a pitcher's showing the runner at second out of his glove what he's throwing and the guy on second is relaying it, it's nobody's fault but the person who's giving it away. And that's something we as a team do everything we can to prevent from happening,” said McCann.
By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement
© Reuters
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has urged Mexico to be on the lookout for Russian meddling in its elections, citing reports of Moscow's interference in the electoral process of countries around the world."We hear [reports of election meddling] from our European counterparts. My advice would be...pay attention to what's happening," he said on February 2 in Mexico City on the first stop of a Latin American tour.U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Moscow interfered in the 2016 U.S. presidential election to benefit Donald Trump and hurt the chances of Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.Russia has also been accused of intervening in votes in Italy, Finland, Britain, France, and elsewhere -- allegations Moscow denies.Tillerson's comments follow remarks by U.S. national security adviser H.R. McMaster, who said there was already evidence of Russian meddling in Mexican elections scheduled for July."All I can say to you is that we know that Russia has fingerprints in a number of countries around the world," Tillerson said during a news conference with Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray.Polls indicate that left-wing former Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador is favored to win the July presidential election.An aide to potential presidential candidate Jose Antonio Meade, who is biddng to run for the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), has warned that Russia could attempt to interfere to benefit Lopez Obrador.Before departing on his regional tour, Tillerson in a speech on February 1 warned countries of the Western Hemisphere to beware of "alarming" actions by Russia and China in their region, urging them to work with the United States instead."Latin America doesn't need new imperial powers that seek only to benefit their own people," Tillerson said in speech in Texas on February 1.Tillerson said in the speech that Russia's "growing presence in the region is alarming."He added that Moscow "continues to sell arms and military equipment to unfriendly regimes who do not share or respect democratic values."Tillerson will also visit Peru, Argentina, Colombia, and Jamaica on the tour.With reporting by Reuters, AFP, and The Financial Times
Home-Based Drug Treatment Program Costs Less And Works
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jack Rodolico/NHPR Jack Rodolico/NHPR
Hannah Berkowitz is 20 years old. When she was a senior in high school her life flew off the rails.
She was getting high on whatever drugs she could get her hands on. She was suicidal. Berkowitz moved into a therapeutic boarding school to get sober, but could only stay sober while she was on campus during the week.
"I'd come home and try to stay sober really hard — really, really hard," says Berkowitz. "Sometimes I'd make it through the weekend, and sometimes I just couldn't make it. It was white-knuckling it, just holding on."
The transition back home always triggered a relapse for Berkowitz.
"I thought it was just my fault and there was no hope," she says.
No hope — but Berkowitz did have luck. She had private health insurance and she lived in Connecticut, where a startup company, Aware Recovery Care, had begun treating clients in the very environment where Hannah was struggling to stay sober: her home.
A chronic disease approach
Treating addiction is a growing business, but a lot of the treatment that's available is expensive and patients often relapse. Fortunately, there is a way to help some people pay less for better results, says Matt Eacott, vice president of Aware Recovery Care.
"Ninety-nine percent of the industry really treats addiction as an acute problem — like a rash on your arm that you rub lotion on and you're done," says Eacott.
Instead, Aware treats addiction as a chronic illness — it doesn't disappear just because symptoms are temporarily under control. The approach is a cost-effective way of treating addiction, Eacott says, with better results than most competitors achieve.
Aware comes into clients' homes and connects them with a nurse, a primary care doctor, a therapist, peer support, 12-step meetings and a case manager. Clients hooked on opioids can get medication-assisted treatment. They can also submit to urine screening and GPS tracking, if that helps them stick with the program.
Hannah's mother, Lois Berkowitz, says the program is intense at first. But as Hannah built coping skills the supports faded into the background.
"It's not like they're doing the work for the addict," says Lois Berkowitz, "they're just basically taking them by the hand and saying, 'Here are the places you need to go that will help you. And I'm going to go with you to start, so it doesn't feel that uncomfortable. And then we're going to let you fly.' "
Before they "fly," Aware clients have a pretty long runway. The treatment lasts for a full year.
Benefits worth the initial cost, insurer says
Aware has now expanded from its base in Connecticut into New Hampshire. The program is expensive. It costs $38,000 a year. As of now, it's only available to private-pay clients and people insured through Anthem health insurance in New Hampshire and Connecticut.
Anthem became the first insurer to pay Aware, because the treatment is based on hard science that's yielding solid results for clients, says Dr. Steven Korn, Anthem's behavioral health medical director. Science and results are rare in addiction treatment, he says.
"There are old, old notions that have hung pretty tough," says Korn. "When I was young — when I was in training — as soon as substance abuse was mentioned, the response of physicians was, 'Well, go to AA. That's not our problem. We don't treat that.' "
For a year of treatment, Anthem says it's paying Aware about the same as the cost of a month or two of inpatient treatment. Anthem also says 72 percent of Aware clients are either sober at the end of one year or still in active treatment.
That's about twice the sobriety rate of people who check in to a facility for a month and then get no follow-up care, says Dr. Stuart Gitlow, past president of the American Society of Addiction Medicine.
Treating addiction at home makes sense because it's the exact place where people learned all their bad habits, Gitlow says.
"It's all based on this concept that addiction is not about the substance use," he says, "but is about what led to the substance use in the first place. And you can't really get there without getting to know the patient."
Aware says it's in negotiations with four more major insurers. The program hopes to have a couple hundred clients in New Hampshire by the end of the year.
This story is part of NPR's reporting partnership with New Hampshire Public Radio and Kaiser Health News.
Many take issue with the vice president for his opposition to LGBTQ rights, women's rights, and reproductive rights — among other socially liberal causes. But his family has a secret weapon to win you over. Mike Pence's rabbit Marlon Bundo is starring in a children's book written by Pence's daughter and illustrated by the second lady. The move may further humanize a politician that even Omarosa Manigault has warned against.
Bundo, who has become Instagram famous since Trump won the election, has more than 18,000 followers. His nickname is "BOTUS" or "Bunny of the United States." Based at the Naval Observatory, Bundo has been photographed for the account doing all sorts of things like talking on the phone, reading the newspaper, and most recently unboxing copies of the book based on his life.
Pence's daughter, Charlotte (who the rabbit calls "Mom"), wrote the book and Pence's wife, Karen, illustrated it. The book deal was announced in September. Bundo even made an announcement on his Instagram. "Mom wrote a children's book about me and Grandma painted beautiful watercolors in it, too!" Bundo's social media team wrote. "In the book, I follow Grampa around all day, as a BOTUS should, while he goes about his duties as Vice President!"
The book and the bunny have been the talk of Twitter on Monday following John Oliver's latest episode of Last Week Tonight. He said the one positive thing about Pence is Bundo, and then decided to hijack the rabbit's big day by releasing an alternate book on the pet. In Oliver's version, Bundo falls in love with another boy bunny and tries to get married. It's a commentary on Pence's anti-gay views and features an evil stink bug that is almost surely based on the vice president (just check the hairstyle).
In real life, Bundo's sexuality isn't really talked about. Instead his social media presence focuses on traditional messaging from conservatives. He celebrates Christmas and has been seen hanging out in nativity scenes. No words on whether he's a traditionalist when interpreting the Constitution, but he does have his very own copy.
Bundo's book tour includes a stop at Focus On The Family, a conservative organization that's dedicated to propagating the conservative definition of family, a married man and woman. The organization also advocates for conversion therapy, the attempt to turn LGBTQ people straight. Mainstream psychologists call the treatment harmful.
Focus On The Family dedicates a portion of their website to "leaving homosexuality." Bundo has not declared a public stance on the matter. He will also be visiting the Reagan and Nixon libraries in addition to a few military bases — not the traditional children's book circuit.
Unwittingly, Bundo could become an LGBTQ icon. The audio version of his unauthorized gay biography penned by the Last Week Tonight team features other famous Americans including Modern Family's Jesse Tyler Ferguson and RuPaul of Drag Race fame.
This would be quite a change of pace for the rabbit. Bundo made his first public appearance at the White House when Pence celebrated Military Appreciation Month last May. He entertained the children of service members.
Icon or not, he's not camera shy, as both his Instagram and name prove. His full name, Marlon Bundo, comes from his grand entrance to the Pence family. Charlotte needed a bunny to star in a school project. "She was making a movie in college, and she needed a bunny to be the star," the second lady said last year.
The bunny's notoriety is set to rise. The book based on his (gay) life is number one on Amazon in the general books category. The version released by the Pence family is also number one, in the "children's United States biographies" category.
Love knows no boundaries and social media users made sure they rode on the Valentine's Day wave to make their voices heard. While some commented on the current political climate and issues facings immigrants in the US, others expressed love for their family, friends and even food. #LoveWithoutBorders was one of the more popular hashtags related to the day.
The Food Marketing Institute (FMI) has promoted four managerial staff members who the organization says embody its strategic emphasis on the food safety and regulatory environment.
Stephanie Barnes
Barnes serves as FMI's chief regulatory officer and legal counsel, expanding her regulatory role to include legal oversight of FMI's bylaws and antitrust guidelines. After more tan three years as the industry's regulatory point person, Barnes took on new responsibilities, assuming the role of FMI's legal counsel. Barnes has helped member companies craft compliance strategies on a broad range of regulations, including the FDA's Food Safety Modernization Act. She also has compiled dozens of regulatory comments, represented the industry on a number of food law panels and hosted informational webinars during her tenure at FMI. When she is not offering guidance to members, Barnes spends significant time working internally with FMI staff to ensure that the various regulatory changes are correctly interpreted for the group's members to apply for application in their stores.
LeAnn Chuboff
Since 2009, Chuboff has dedicated her career to the division of FMI responsible for developing, maintaining and promoting the Safe Quality Food Institute's (SQFI) code. Earning recognition in 2017 as VP of SQFI technical affairs, Chuboff has effectively directed all technical aspects of the SQFI program, including the food safety standards, guidelines, training materials and audit and certification protocols. The recent upgrade of the SQFI code to Edition 8 brings a greater focus to Chuboff's technical expertise, as she addresses the latest emerging food safety and quality issues, industry challenges and provides solutions for a safer supply chain. In her role as a content expert, she tours the country teaching the Global Food Safety Initiative-benchmarked code and ensures SQFI is recognized as a resource to government officials and other food safety stakeholders.
Sarah Malenich
Malenich recently was promoted to director of Safe Quality Food Institute sales and marketing, a role focused on promoting and elevating all SQFI programs, which include the SQF globally accepted food safety and quality certification program as well as the SQFI Ethical Sourcing Certification—which is an environmental, health and safety management system and social accountability program for the food industry. Malenich is responsible for leading and directing the development and implementation of strategic sales, marketing and business development plans and initiatives to uphold SQFI's mission to be the single most trusted source for global food safety and quality certification. Her duties also include managing communications, websites and marketing materials to stakeholders, including suppliers, certifying bodies and training centers, to help implement increased SQF recognition and site and training registrations. She remains passionate about food safety and responsible sourcing.
Hilary Thesmar
Thesmar, Ph.D., registered dietitian, CFS, was promoted to chief food and product safety officer and SVP of food safety programs. Her six-year tenure at FMI began at a time when the regulatory landscape was changing rapidly and the Food Safety Modernization Act first registered as a game-changer for the food retail industry. Thesmar is responsible for supervising food safety programs, initiatives, activities and resources for FMI and its members. She represents FMI to a wide group of stakeholders and professionals, including various governmental, congressional, scientific, consumer and industry audiences on issues related to food safety and government regulatory compliance. In 2016, FMI updated its SafeMark Food Handler training program, which has received recognition as an American National Standards Institute-accredited certificate program. This was a celebrated and important milestone in the continued growth and success of the SafeMark program. Under Thesmar's direction, the FMI food safety team also recently updated and created several critical resources, including a Food Allergen Resource Document, a Listeria Action Plan for Retailers, and a sample FSMA Distribution Center Food Safety Plan to assist with Food Safety Modernization Act compliance.
Related Coverage Guilford Police remind residents to secure homes after multiple burglaries
GILFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — A man is facing charges after Guilford police say he burglarized a home.
According to police, a resident reported a burglary in progress at one of his neighbor's homes on Monday.
Officials quickly responded to the scene and established a perimeter in the area where the suspect reportedly fled.
Related Content: Guilford Police remind residents to secure homes after multiple burglaries
Officers from multiple towns including State Police as well as fire crews searched for the suspect who was ultimately found hiding in a marsh.
The male suspect, whose name is being withheld at this time, was subsequently arrested and is facing burglary and interfering charges.
A number of daytime burglaries have been taking place in Guilford as of late. Police are working to determine if this man is connected to any of those incidents.
Trump Guts Requirement That Employer Health Plans Pay For Birth Control
Enlarge this image toggle caption Charles Dharapak/AP Charles Dharapak/AP
The Trump administration is rolling back the Obama-era requirement that employer-provided health insurance policies cover birth control methods at no cost to women.
According to senior officials with the Department of Health and Human Services, the goal of the new rule is to allow any company or nonprofit group to exclude the coverage for contraception if it has a religious or moral objection.
"This provides an exemption and it's a limited one," said Roger Severino, director of the HHS Office of Civil Rights. "We should have space for organizations to live out their religious identity and not face discrimination."
He said he expects most companies will continue to provide coverage for birth control and that the changes will only affect a tiny percentage of U.S. women. The new rules are being published Friday in the Federal Register and go into effect immediately.
But some health policy analysts say the new rule creates a huge opening that lets any employer claim an exemption, leaving their female workers to pay the full cost of any birth control out of pocket.
"It is a huge loophole for any employer that does not want to provide birth control coverage to their employees," says Dania Palanker, a professor at Georgetown's Center on Health Insurance Reform.
The change fulfills a promise Trump made in May to the Catholic religious order The Little Sisters of the Poor in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden. The nuns had sued the Obama administration over the birth control requirement.
The Affordable Care Act requires employer-provided health insurance policies to include coverage for preventive health care. After the law passed, HHS used its regulatory authority to specify what has to be included in those preventive services, and birth control, including "all Food and Drug Administration approved contraceptive methods, sterilization procedures, and patient education and counseling for all women with reproductive capacity."
But the policy was controversial from the start.
Several companies and religious groups sued, saying the rule infringed on their religious freedom.
The Obama administration created an exemption for churches, and allowed other "religious employers" to opt out by notifying the government. When they did so, the administration would arrange with their insurance companies to provide the coverage directly, without the employers' involvement.
But the Little Sisters of the Poor weren't happy with that workaround and sued.
The group's case, and a second one involving private businesses including the Hobby Lobby chain of craft stores, went to the Supreme Court.
The court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014, saying privately held companies could object on religious grounds. And then, last year, the court issued a split ruling in the Little Sisters case, saying the government shouldn't fine the nuns, but also ordering the two sides to work out an arrangement that accommodates their religious beliefs.
Before a deal was reached, Donald Trump became president.
At the Rose Garden ceremony in May, he told the Little Sisters of the Poor that he planned to change the rules. "You're long ordeal will soon be over," he promised.
Under the new rule, women who work for Hobby Lobby or the religious group may no longer have access to birth control coverage through the Obama-era workaround. A Hobby Lobby spokesman said the company would have no comment on Friday, and the Little Sisters of the Poor didn't respond to NPR's emails seeking comment.
Hobby Lobby's founder and CEO David Green told reporters in 2013, "Our family is now being forced to choose between following the laws of the land that we love or maintaining the religious beliefs that have made our business successful and have supported our family and thousands of our employees and their families."
HHS officials said they don't expect many companies to seek waivers. They said the group seeking waivers will likely be limited to those approximately 200 companies and nonprofits that have already sued.
But Palanker says the impact could be a lot bigger. There are a lot of large private companies, she says, whose owners may hold strong religious beliefs but did not want the publicity and expense of suing the federal government.
Hobby Lobby has 32,000 employees.
"A lot of women will retain birth control coverage," Palanker says, "but there will be a lot of women who will lose that coverage."
That means they'll find themselves paying out of pocket. A one-month's supply of birth control pills can cost anywhere from $4 to $55 or more, according to GoodRX.com.
Longer-acting contraception, like an IUD, can cost more than $1,000, says Sarah Lipton-Lubet, a vice-president of the National Partnership for Women and Families. She says the new rule is a tool for discrimination against women.
"Women shouldn't be denied access to basic health care based on their employers' religious beliefs," she says. "We all have the right to our religious beliefs. But the way that this rule treats religion is really an excuse to discriminate."
HHS officials say they also plan more stringent enforcement of a provision in the Affordable Care Act that prohibits federal subsidies from being used for insurance policies that cover abortion. The agency will issue guidelines for insurers today on how they have to charge women who want abortion coverage at least $12 a year more for such a policy, and they have to keep that money in a separate fund to be used only to pay for abortions.
The Trump administration's rule is likely to face its own legal challenges from groups that favor contraception.
Peter Andre always wanted to launch a Hollywood career in his forties.
The 'Mysterious Girl' singer is preparing to jet off to America to shoot two movies and whether they do well or not, he's just thrilled to be living his dream.
He said: "I leave in March to start filming two moves in LA.
"I can't tell you any more, which is a bit of a nightmare, but I'm so excited.
"I always said I wanted to go into movies in my forties - it was always my dream.
"So whatever happens, I'm filming in LA - as if I could ask for anything more."
The 44-year-old star - who has Junior, 12, and 10-year-old Princess with ex-wife Katie Price and Amelia, four, and 14-month-old Theo with spouse Emily - hasn't been honing his craft in advance but he's confident in his abilities because he always did well in drama class at school.
Asked if he's been honing his skills, he said: "Not really. I've done read-throughs, but I'm going to speak to people because I want to be really good.
"The thing is, I grew up acting at school and I was one of the highest achievers, I got an A+.
"Funnily enough, I failed at music, I was terrible at it at school.
The Art Ensemble of Chicago Celebrates 50 Years Of Channeling And Challenging History
Enlarge this image toggle caption Roger Thomas
Famoudou Don Moye was in his early 20s, an expatriate jazz drummer working in Paris, when he got the invitation to join the Art Ensemble of Chicago. With it came a friendly admonition, from the group's trumpeter and most inveterate trickster, Lester Bowie.
"Lester told me: 'Don't even mess with this if you don't want to be part of history,'" Moye recalls, laughing. "This was early 1970, when I was just coming into the band. Of course I said, 'Hell, yeah!'"
By 1970, the Art Ensemble of Chicago — a willfully eclectic, wildly experimental collective originally led by saxophonist Roscoe Mitchell — was already a sensation of sorts in Paris. It had a motto, "Great Black Music," which would soon be appended with a no-less-pointed second clause, "Ancient to the Future." So Bowie could have meant his comment to register in a few different keys: History was something to be channeled and challenged, as well as made.
That conviction is worth remembering as the Art Ensemble of Chicago mobilizes this weekend for a celebration of its 50th anniversary. The group will perform a sold-out concert on Friday at Columbia University's Lenfest Center for the Arts, before headlining Saturday night at the October Revolution of Jazz & Contemporary Music, a new festival in Philadelphia. Then comes a three-night engagement, Oct. 15-17, at Café OTO in London, with other dates on the horizon.
Mitchell and Moye are now the active elders in the Art Ensemble, which lost two other load-bearing pillars in Bowie (1999) and bassist Malachi Favors (2004). Founding member Joseph Jarman, a multi-reedist and flutist, no longer performs publicly, for health reasons. But he will participate in Friday's concert at Columbia — reading his oracular, metaphysical poetry, which has always been an integral part of the group's performance ritual. That concert has been framed as a tribute to Jarman. "I think it's wonderful, and extraordinary," he says by phone.
The irreducible power of the Art Ensemble rested in its alignment of forces. "It was always a learning experience," reflects Mitchell, "because I was lucky enough to be with five individual thinkers." The group had a striking visual iconography as well as a sonic aesthetic. Bowie took the stage in a lab coat. Favors and Moye wore African vestments and tribal face paint. Jarman evoked the East in his attire, while Mitchell typically dressed like an American businessman.
YouTube
Each member of the band was a highly proficient instrumentalist with a distinct personal voice, and the pan-stylistic slant of the repertory — which could veer from boppish swing to earthy funk to absurdist or dead-serious abstraction — provided ample opportunity for displays of prowess. But the Art Ensemble also specialized in the expressive use of so-called "little instruments," like bicycle horns and bell trees, as if to undercut the currency of virtuosity.
This multidimensional and collectivist approach was congruent with the ideals of the Association For the Advancement of Creative Musicians, out of which the Art Ensemble first emerged. Jarman and Mitchell were part of the brain trust that established the AACM, in 1965; Jarman performed on the organization's first official concert.
Because the Art Ensemble of Chicago was the first AACM band to receive international acclaim, the group was sometimes conflated, in those early years, with the AACM itself — a source of some grumbling at the time, as George Lewis documents in his essential book, A Power Stronger Than Itself: The AACM and American Experimental Music.
"The group's unusual hybrid of energy, multi-instrumentalism, humor, silence, found sounds and homemade instruments — and most crucially, extended collective improvisation instead of heroic individual solos — proved revelatory to European audiences," Lewis writes. Other artists under an AACM umbrella, like saxophonists Henry Threadgill and Anthony Braxton, were creating and thinking along these lines too, and continue to do so.
toggle caption Tom Copi/Getty Images
Then as now, the Art Ensemble was both a prominent AACM flagship and its own rogue vessel, disinclined to heed anyone else's navigation. Moye, who was once involved in AACM governance in Chicago, now lives in Marseilles, France, and downplays his involvement. On Friday, while the Art Ensemble performs at Columbia, the AACM's New York chapter will be presenting saxophonist Chico Freeman at the Community Church of New York — the first concert of its fall season. Obviously, these events could have been better coordinated.
Mitchell maintains more contact with the AACM chapters in both Chicago and New York, and savors his place in the organization's pantheon. He has recently been a fountain of output — composing orchestral and chamber works; performing improvised sets with Lewis and AACM founder Muhal Richard Abrams; teaching at Mills College in Oakland; and making major statements like his stunning recent double album on ECM, Bells For the South Side.
For all of its focus on cohesion, the Art Ensemble always encouraged outside forays by its members. "The intensity of the collective experience required that everyone have an independent vehicle, and be able to develop their own projects with the same dedication," says Moye. "That avoids conflicts. And it keeps everybody fresh."
The reinvigorated Art Ensemble lineup bears some vestiges of that process: along with Mitchell and Moye, it includes trumpeter Hugh Ragin, cellist Tomeka Reid and two bassists, Jaribu Shahid and Junius Paul. These are all, as Mitchell points out, "part of the AACM family." They're also musicians with whom he has worked in other contexts, including his own bands.
"It's inspiring that they feel they still have so much to learn and practice and write," says Reid of the AACM elders she has worked with, Mitchell prominent among them. "And this deep hunger to just get what they have out there. I feel like that's a lesson: Don't wait. Just do it now."
The open question — and it may not be answered by the upcoming performances, or even answerable at all — is how the Art Ensemble can fulfill its original mandate in the face of so much change. The group has faced this predicament before: Non-Cognitive Aspects of the City - Live at Iridium, an album recorded in 2004 and released two years later (on Pi Recordings), was a prominent dispatch from the post-Favors era.
"There's never going to be another Lester Bowie or Malachi Favors," says Mitchell. "I understand that. But we always said, 'Hey man, if it gets down to one member, that's the Art Ensemble.' You know?" (His statement checks out. "We'll be together as long as one of us is still alive to carry on the word" — that was Bowie, speaking with Ted Panken on WCKR in 1995.)
So the only certainty, as the Art Ensemble embarks on its current journey, is that the musicians in the group will be striving toward a high standard of shared intuition, as improvisers and as members of a larger whole. History is on their side — as Jarman points out, in his own way.
"I would not put anything against the idea of Art Ensemble of Chicago," he says. "That band was, and still is, a powerful organization among itself."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein has been accused of forcing a former TV news anchor to watch him performing a sex act in front of her in the hallway of a restaurant, it emerged last night.
Ex-newsreader Lauren Sivan claims Weinstein trapped her in the hallway of a restaurant and masturbated in front of her until he ejaculated into a potted plant in the hall.
Sivan told the Huffington Post that she did not come forward with the accusation sooner because she was in a relationship at the time and feared Weinstein's power, but she did relay the event to friends.
The incident, which took place a decade ago at the restaurant-club Socialista, allegedly occurred after Sivan rebuffed his attempt to kiss her.
(Image: AFP)
Weinstein did not respond to a request for response from Huffington Post reporter Yashar Ali.
Weinstein has taken an indefinite leave of absence from the Weinstein Co. amid sexual harassment allegations from several women.
Also on Huffington Post, Jennifer Siebel Newsom, a filmmaker and wife of California Lt. Governor Gavin Newsom, published a column in which she related her own experiences with Weinstein and called for the end of "open secrets" of sexual harassment by powerful Hollywood producers and other elites.
"Based on my years in the industry and unfortunately, my own personal experience with Harvey Weinstein, I can tell you that I believe every single word that was written in the extremely disturbing, but not all that shocking, New York Times piece published yesterday," wrote Newsom.
"Not all that shocking because very similar things happened to me. I was naive, new to the industry, and didn't know how to deal with his aggressive advances - work invitations with a friend late-night at The Toronto Film Festival, and later an invitation to meet with him about a role in The Peninsula Hotel, where staff were present and then all of a sudden disappeared like clockwork, leaving me alone with this extremely powerful and intimidating Hollywood legend."
(Image: Twitter/idiotsivan)
In 2011, Newsom, who is an outspoken advocate for of womens' rights, made the documentary "Miss Representation" which deals with the lack of women in power in America and the media's dearth of powerful female portrayals.
Newsom's letter delves beyond Weinstein to the heart of the problem: the unspoken and complicit acknowledgement that Hollywood's most powerful men were leveraging their positions of power to sexually harass and abuse female employees then silence them from speaking out or taking legal action.
"Let this be the end of 'open secrets.' Let there be no more passive waiting for the victims to reach a certain number before we actually do something about this culture of sexual harassment and assault.
"And let this really be the end of Harvey Weinstein and the Weinstein's of the world- no matter their wealth, no matter their power, no matter their privilege," she wrote.
"We need more people in power - particularly men in power - to break the code of silence and stand up for what is right and what is just and challenge this culture of sexual harassment and assault against women."
Germany's Cabinet says it is scrapping a controversial and little-used law that makes it a criminal offense to insult foreign heads of state, effective Jan. 1, 2018.
Justice Minister Heiko Mass said the law is "obsolete and unnecessary," Deutsche Welle reported. He said the concept "dates back to a long-gone era, it no longer belongs in our criminal law."
Mass added that foreign heads of state could still pursue libel and defamation cases "but no more or less so than any other person," according to the broadcaster.
Last year, the law was invoked in a controversial case against comedian Jan Boehmermann because he read an obscene poem on television criticizing Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, as The Two-Way reported:
"The controversy actually began because of a completely different video clip mocking Erdoğan. That music video, released on the German comedy program Extra3, prompted Turkey to summon the German ambassador. "In the wake of the first controversy, Boehmermann appeared on German television and read his crude poem, which 'said Erdoğan kicks Kurds, smacks Christians, all while watching child pornography,' as we have reported. There were also references to bestiality. "At the time, Boehmermann said that his poem was meant to be an example of insults that wouldn't be allowed in Germany, rather than to represent his own personal opinion about Erdoğan."
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she would allow the investigation against Boehmermann to move forward in April, after a formal request from Turkey. The investigation was dropped in October for lack of evidence.
Merkel faced widespread criticism from people who saw the case as an attack on freedom of speech. As we reported, it happened shortly after Germany struck a deal with Turkey aimed at stemming the flow of migrants into the E.U. Some critics argued that the timing had an impact on Merkel's decision to pursue the case back in April.
And even as Merkel allowed the investigation to proceed, she told reporters that she planned to "draft a proposal to replace the current law," as Deutsche Welle reported at the time.
This is what the law in the German Criminal Code actually said:
"Whosoever insults a foreign head of state, or, with respect to his position, a member of a foreign government who is in Germany in his official capacity, or a head of a foreign diplomatic mission who is accredited in the Federal territory shall be liable to imprisonment not exceeding three years or a fine, in case of a slanderous insult to imprisonment from three months to five years."
Erdoğan is still engaged in a civil law dispute against Boehmermann, Reuters reported. "A district court in Hamburg will decide on Erdoğan's action for an injunction on Feb. 10."
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Juventus chief Giuseppe Marotta has refused to rule out a sensational move for Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo.
The Portuguese forward has reportedly been the subject of an £88million bid, which is currently being considered by Real and Ronaldo.
Former Manchester United ace Ronaldo hinted he wanted to leave the Bernabeu moments after lifting the Champions League for the third year in a row.
Giuseppe Marotta did nothing to downplay those rumours when he was asked by Sky Sport: "Can Juve fans start dreaming about Cristiano Ronaldo?"
Juventus' managing director responded: "I won't speak (about that)."
(Image: AFP)
A former General Manager at the Turin based club went one further and insisted his sources inside the club have told him Ronaldo has already had a medical.
Luciano Moggi said on Twitter: “In my view, he has already signed and had the medical in Munich.”
Ronaldo has won the Ballon d'Or award, given to the world's best player, for the past two campaigns and scored 15 times in the Champions League last season as Real won Europe's premier club competition for a third time in a row.
Real's all-time top scorer has been at Madrid since he made a then-world record move from United in 2009.
Yet he sparked the suggestion he could be seeking a new club with his comments after the final victory over Liverpool in Kiev last month.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
Speaking to beIN Sport, Ronaldo said: "In the coming days there will be an answer about my future for the fans, who have always been by my side. It has been very nice playing for Real Madrid."
Ronaldo has been a thorn in Juventus' side in recent years, scoring twice in Real's Champions League final victory in 2017.
In this year's quarter-final first leg in Turin, he scored a sensational overhead kick that was applauded by Juventus' own supporters and it was Ronaldo's late penalty in the second leg that ultimately knocked the Italians out.
Juve midfielder Blaise Matuidi said he would welcome having Ronaldo as a team-mate when he was asked about the possibility during France's press conference on Wednesday.
"It would be incredible to have one of the best players in the world at Juventus," he said in quotes published on Marca's website. "It would be great for the club and for the players. Right now, though, I'm focused on France.
Gulf Newsreaders have written in for Valentine's Day and largely expressed that it's not important to spend a lot on your partner to show you care. They also have said that we shouldn't need a day to express our love – it can happen any day. Perhaps this is why poll respondents won't be celebrating.
Real Madrid transfer news: Neymar's condition to join, the €140M offer and more – 30th May 2018
All the latest Real Madrid news!
Sripad SENIOR ANALYST Feature 31 May 2018, 01:10 IST 3.05K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
FBL-EUR-C1-REAL MADRID
Neymar's condition to join Real Madrid
As per reports in Don Balon, Neymar has informed Real Madrid president, Florentino Perez that they need to sell Cristiano Ronaldo this summer for the Brazilian to join them. He wants to be the star attraction at the club and doesn't want the Portuguese star to be at the club.
Don Balon are known for their ridiculous stories and this might be just one of them. However, Neymar and Ronaldo cannot exist at the club together as there will be a big clash of ego.
The Brazilian picked up an issue with Cavani over penalties and that's bound to happen at Bernabeu if he joins Ronaldo in the team.
José Giménez to Bernabeu?
If signing Theo Hernandez last summer wasn't enough, Real Madrid are planning to activate the release clause of another Atletico Madrid star. Reports in Marca today claim that Los Blancos are keeping tabs on José Giménez.
He is seen as a long-term replacement for Sergio Ramos and also as a back to him and Varane right now. The Uruguayan defender has a €60 million release clause as per the report in Marca.
The same report claims that the 13-time Champions League winners tried to sign him in 2015 but abandoned the move as the situation wasn't right between the two clubs.
Manchester United's offer for Gareth Bale
Manchester United are willing to pay €140 million to sign Gareth Bale as per AS. The Welshman is said to be keen on leaving Bernabeu and Jose Mourinho is keen on signing him.
MEN meanwhile are reporting that Anthony Martial will have to sacrifice his #11 jersey. The Frenchman was upset with the club for taking away his #9 jersey when Zlatan Ibrahimovic had joined.
It will be interesting to see who all Manchester United sign this season as they will go all out to win a trophy or two after finishing the 2017/18 season emptyhanded. Who do you want the Red Devils to sign? Let us know in the comments section below!
White House Narrows List Of National Security Adviser Candidates To Replace Flynn
Enlarge this image toggle caption Khalil Mazraawi /AFP/Getty Images Khalil Mazraawi /AFP/Getty Images
The White House is narrowing its list of candidates to replace former national security adviser Michael Flynn and has already interviewed former CENTCOM deputy director Robert Harward about the vacancy, according to a senior administration official.
The official said they spoke to Harward last week and again on Monday.
"We've been getting our ducks in a row for a long time," the official said.
The comments indicate that Flynn's exit had been anticipated for some time as controversy swirled around his conversation with the Russian ambassador during the White House transition and his subsequent comments that misled then-Vice President-elect Pence about those conversations.
Trump asked for Flynn's resignation on Monday night, citing an "evolving and eroding level of trust," White House press secretary Sean Spicer said during Tuesday's briefing.
Spicer told reporters Tuesday evening that the administration hopes to announce a replacement by the end of the week. But he cautioned that Trump has not yet made a decision.
Robert Harward is a retired Navy vice-admiral who was the deputy director of the U.S. Central Command under now-Defense Secretary James Mattis during the Obama administration. He served on the National Security Council during the George W. Bush administration. As ABC News notes, Harward was the deputy commander of U.S. Joint Forces Command and led Combined Joint Interagency Task Force 435 in Afghanistan. He also led troops in Afghanistan and Iraq after the September 11 terrorist attacks.
Harward is currently the Chief Executive for Lockheed Martin operations in the United Arab Emirates. He's the son of a Naval officer and grew up in Iran, graduated from the Tehran American School. He speaks Farsi.
Other candidates believed to be under consideration for the job are former CIA director and retired four-star Gen. David Petraeus and Keith Kellogg, a retired lieutenant general who was named the acting national security adviser after Flynn's resignation.
Petraeus would be a controversial choice given the scandal that caused him to resign in 2009 as head of the CIA. He pleaded guilty in 2015 to sharing classified information with his biographer Paula Broadwell, with whom he was having an extramarital affair. Petraeus was given two years probation (which runs through April of this year) and had to pay a $100,000 fine, but he avoided jail time due to a plea deal. Petraeus met with Trump during the transition and was in the mix to be Secretary of State. Before his fall from grace, Petraeus was a widely-respected general who helped lead military US strategies in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Kellogg is a retired three-star Army lieutenant general who was a foreign policy adviser to Trump's campaign. As NPR's Tom Bowman noted, he served in the Vietnam War with 101st Airborne Division and was commander of the 82nd Airborne. Kellogg also served in Iraq as a leader with the Coalition Provisional Authority, the interim government after the fall of Saddam Hussein.
(Yonhap)
Upon announcing his solo defection from the ruling Saenuri Party, Rep. Lee Jung-hyun claimed to take all responsibility as former party chairman, but his exit was seen as an attempt to prevent the mass defection of loyalists of the feud-ridden President Park Geun-hye.His departure largely left the divided Saenuri swaying between a reform-oriented interim leadership and the resisting pro-Park clique.“Today, I leave the party, taking all responsibility as former chairman,” said the Park loyalist in a press briefing.“We are faced with a number of urgent issues such as the next presidential election and constitutional revision, so (we) may no longer afford to take (political) risks.”But his departure from the party was not accepted right away, as the interim leadership said that it will make a final decision by this weekend at the latest, according to officials.The former chairman's decision came amid rising tension within the party, following interim chief In Myung-jin's stern demand that key pro-Park figures leave the party by Friday to allow reform to take place.“Those who hold responsibility in the current situations should defect,” In said last week, without specifying names but clearly referring to senior pro-Park figures such as Reps. Suh Chung-won, Choi Kyung-hwan, Kim Jin-tae, as well as Lee.The interim chief's remarks largely reflected the recognition that in order to survive the current political crisis, Saenuri should first cut off its longtime connection with the scandal-ridden president and her aides.This ultimatum caused tension to peak again, although it had earlier died down after the party's reformists left to create a new political entity.Observers speculated that the reason for In delaying a decision on Rep. Lee's defection was to wait to see if other pro-Park members would join him.Having served as the president's chief advisor since her inauguration, the former Saenuri chief is known to be one of the most ardent supporters of Park, coming to her rescue in every political crisis.Last month, after current floor leader Rep. Chung Woo-taik was elected, Lee immediately stepped down from chairmanship, gesturing at giving way to a new leadership.Also, when rumors started to spread late last year on the president's confidante -- Choi Soon-sil, as it was later revealed -- he staged a hunger strike in apparent protest against the opposition camp, which consequentially distracted the public's attention from the presidential scandal.Therefore, when the top pro-Park figure Lee vowed to “take all responsibility,” it was taken as a message that he would carry all the blame on the president and the pro-Park faction, and that other pro-Parks should be allowed to remain in the party.“Rep. Lee told me over the phone that he was ashamed of being named as one of those who should be ousted,” floor leader Rep. Chung told reporters Monday, explaining Lee's defection.“I urged him to remain in the party and continue to play his role as the only lawmaker speaking for the (progressive-leaning) South Jeolla Province and close advisor to the president, but he declined.”The opposition camp, however, described Lee's decision as “meaningless.”“Rep. Lee seems to be bearing his cross but his solo defection is nowhere close to the reform that is required of Saenuri,” said Rep. Park Kyung-mee, spokesperson of the main opposition Democratic Party of Korea.The runner-up People's Party also claimed in a written statement that other pro-Parks should leave with Lee, and the minority Justice Party urged Lee to leave the political circle altogether.By Bae Hyun-jung (tellme@herealdcorp.com)
Lahiri looks at the Memorial with fond memories and a lot of hopes
Dublin (Ohio, US), May 30 (PTI) Anirban Lahiri, who achieved his career-best result at the Memorial last year by finishing tied-2nd, returns to the event with a lot of hope and expectations.
The 30-year-old Indian, who has fallen outside of top-100 for the first time in four years, has been paired with Kevin Streelman and Jamie Lovemark in the morning wave.
Young Shubhankar Sharma, who has been making an attempt to get onto the PGA Tour, will make his maiden appearance at the storied event. Sharma has been paired with Trey Mullinax and Andrew Dorn in the afternoon session.
The tournament is one of the most significant ones in the season as Jack Nicklaus hosts the event. Virtually all top stars including World No. 1 Justin Thomas, No. 2 Dustin Johnson, Rory McIlroy, Jordan Spieth and Phil Mickelson are in the field as is Tiger Woods, a multiple winner here.
Lahiri, speaking about Nicklaus, said, "He's very, very approachable, more so than I would have thought. The first couple of times, it's hard to talk because you're in the presence of greatness. It was nice of him to extend me membership at the Bear's Club, which is not exactly easy to come by. I remember writing a letter to him.
"I never thought, growing up, that I'd get to share that kind of relationship with him. This is one of my favourite tournaments and the course is one my favourite ones," Lahiri added.
Sharma too is excited about being in the field.
I have heard so much about the event and I am excited to be part of it. Last week's 20th place has been good, though it could have been better and I am looking forward to this week.
Last year, Lahiri shot 65 in the final round to leap frog to tied-2nd and it remains his best result on the PGA Tour.
Woods in his 15 appearances from 1997-2015 at Muirfield Village Golf Club has claimed 8 top-10s and five wins. He was also a member of the U.S Team that won the 2013 Presidents Cup here.
The invitational field of 120 players will battle for a purse of USD 8.9 million, a winner's check of USD 1.602 million, 500 FedExCup Points and a three-year exemption on the Tour.
Nicklaus' vision for this tournament became a reality in 1976 when it was won by Roger Maltbie. The Muirfield course has hosted the Ryder Cup, U.S. Amateur, Solheim Cup and Presidents Cup.
Last year Jason Dufner rolled to a three-shot victory and is back to defend his title. He will be looking to join the company of Woods, who won this event three years in a row from 1999-2001 and is the only player to defend the title.
The Par-72 course is almost 7,400 yards and very challenging
They were lost in conversation on the tree-lined residential road near Bathurst St. and Dupont St., when Scanlon heard footsteps from behind. Before he knew it, he said his friend was in a headlock.
Scanlon and his friend had been walking home early Monday morning, after an evening of celebratory drinks.
“On a night that showed me the worst of human behaviour, your neighbourhood showed me the best,” reads his letter, hanging on a lamp post on Howland Ave.
Not to his attackers — but to the residents of a Toronto street who he says lifted his faith in humanity.
Gideon Scanlon almost got mugged. Then he wrote a thank-you letter.
Shocked and shaken, Scanlon sat down on the street. A woman immediately came outside with the barking dog to see if he was all right.
His friend ran after the attackers to get his wallet back, he said, but they hopped in a car and drove away.
Scanlon began running down the street, yelling for help as loudly as he could while two men chased behind him. They had stolen his friend's wallet at knifepoint, but Scanlon escaped unscathed — he said the “wretched knaves” were scared off by a dog's loud barking.
“I didn't expect to get such a warm and comforting reaction from people,” said Scanlon, 26. “They were very friendly about the fact that we ruined their Monday night.”
Scanlon said he was touched by how many other people talked to him kindly out their window, asking if he was okay and calling the police.
Feeling “exceptionally grateful,” Scanlon wasn't sure how to thank the neighbourhood. He felt uncomfortable just knocking on doors, but he also wanted people to know everything was okay — he doesn't like leaving stories unfinished.
So the next day he decided to type up a thank-you letter that began: “Dear Howlanders.”
On Wednesday morning, residents of the quiet road stopped to read the letter with surprise and delight.
“I love it. It's totally unexpected,” said Leigh Godbold.
She was one of the people who called 911 that night, although somebody else had already called first.
“I think people genuinely care for others. And that's why it's so nice that he took the time to write that letter — because people don't usually do that.”
In the note, Scanlon said he was particularly grateful for the woman who immediately came outside and talked to him on the street — and to her barking dog for dissuading his pursuers.
“If this office is not yet occupied, I would move for this brave hound to be named Howland's Howler in Chief,” he wrote in his letter.
This “brave hound” is Fynn, a floppy, nine-month old Aussiedoodle who greets you with a lick and a wagging tail.
Fynn's owner Martha Randall says opening her door to Scanlon's screaming was a natural response — he sounded like someone in need. The thank-you letter was a little over the top, she said, but it a sweet gesture.
“Obviously he felt very supportive, which is nice in a big city like this,” she said. “It's closing the loop, rather than leaving us wondering how he is.”
Neighbours say this stretch of Howland Ave., nestled north of the railway tracks and south of Davenport Rd., is a wonderful, tight-knit community. They have an annual street party and used to share a communal snow blower. Nobody is surprised that people responded to cries for help.
“It's not a come home from work and shut your doors kind of street,” said Gillian Talacko, who's lived here for 20 years.
Scanlon said he was surprised that his letter attracted so much attention online, but he's happy he was able to express his gratitude.
“It's a nice lesson,” he said. “There are some horrible apples out there, but most people will do what's needed when they're called on.”
Police say their investigation is continuing.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Playboy model has revealed the secret behind the spectacular figure that has garnered her an incredible 7.7 million followers on social media.
Chilean Daniella Chavez, 22, says it is all down to watching what she eats during the week - and then treating herself to chocolate and chips at weekends.
The blonde, who claims to have bedded football superstar Cristiano Ronaldo , said: "I know that for many of us it's not easy, but during the week I take care of myself and the junk food I leave for the weekend."
The mother-of-one also admits to using laser treatments to fight cellulite.
(Image: CEN/Daniella Chavez)
But otherwise, her main beauty tip is to keep fit and drink lots of water and green tea.
Chavez is currently in rehearsals for her own cabaret show - which she describes as being full of "sensuality and flavour" - at the Dreams Casino in Iquique, Chile.
A clip of her working on a dance routine with two male co-stars went vital after being posted on social media.
(Image: CEN)
(Image: CEN/@daniellachavezofficial)
Chavez described the show as "very Daniella Chavez, with a lot of glamour".
She added that there is a "touch of playing with humour, dance and sensuality that my fans always expect".
She recently posed for a photoshoot for the Spanish edition of Playboy.
(Image: CEN/@daniellachavezofficial)
(Image: CEN)
The covershoot pictures showed her wearing a top hat and smoking jacket over her naked breasts.
The model said: "We captured the cover shot on the first day, I'm very happy, I'm going to Spain in 10 days to work on more things for Playboy and then continue my vacations."
It's certainly no secret that on Aug. 21, a total solar eclipse is happening across the U.S. — the first time such a phenomenon has occurred since 1918. Stretching from west coast Oregon and sweeping across the continent to the east coast of South Carolina, the 70-mile-wide “path of totality” will plunge a large swath of the country — including Salem, Ore.; Sun Valley, Idaho; and St. Louis — into several moments of complete darkness.
According to scientist Bill Nye, the experience can be transformative and awe-inspiring. “It becomes night — I mean night — for a few minutes. Birds start chirping their night stuff and it gets cold for two minutes on an otherwise hot afternoon — it's crazy,” he remarked. The one-time Nick Graham runway model recommends not staring up with the naked eye as the moon passes in front of the sun. For the occasion, Nye teamed with American Paper Optics on a pair of branded UVs and infrared blocking glasses available online.
“I also recommend looking at the ground because when the sunlight goes around the edge of the moon it creates these bands sweeping across the landscape at 1,500 miles an hour,” added Nye.
While many hotels and resorts have been long since sold out for the eagerly anticipated celestial wonder, last-minute amateur astronomers still have a wide array of options for enjoying the 2017 eclipse. Here are a few notable places throughout the country at which to celebrate the roughly two-and-a-half minute spectacle.
Four Seasons, Jackson Hole, Wyo.
The resort has teamed with a group of astronomers to present an exclusive viewing party at Rendezvous Lodge, which sits 9,000 feet atop the Teton Range. No need for cardboard viewing glasses here. Guests will have use of state-of-the-art hydrogen-alpha solar telescopes while staff chefs will provide an array of culinary options. Because the phenomenon lasts only a couple of minutes, there will be plenty of time to enjoy the resort's specially tailored spa offerings. Facials and full-body massages will use Luna Mystica body oil, which the spa claims to “harness the power of precious gemstones charged by the moon to restore the mind and body.”
The Ritz-Carlton, Bachelor Gulch, Colo.
Perched in the Rocky Mountains, the resort's Great Lawn and Mountainside Terrace are perfectly positioned vantage points from which to take in the brief splendor. Guests can have a full-body experience by indulging in a five-minute outdoor chair massage during the eclipse. Raise a glass to mother nature with a libation from a menu of specialty cocktails including the “Solar Flare,” made with homemade blueberry vodka, simple syrup and garnished with eight blueberries to represent the number of planets (sorry, Pluto).
Hutton Hotel, Nashville
This boutique property in the heart of Music City offers two penthouse suites with floor-to-ceiling windows and private balconies boasting panoramic views of the sky and city, which happens to be the largest in the path of the totality. Viewing glasses will be on-hand throughout the pet-friendly hotel and each of the deluxe suites features a private dining room, living room and bar for those interested in experiencing this natural wonder from the comfort of the great indoors.
Wild Dunes Resort, Isle of Palms, S.C.
The phenomenon will be nothing more than a memory for most of America by 2:48 p.m. EDT when it reaches coastal South Carolina — its last stop before traveling out across the Atlantic Ocean. A mere stone's throw from Charleston's historic streets, this beach-facing compound will offer reserved beach chair rentals and an umbrella for those looking to sit under a shadow throughout the day. For a more active eclipse experience, book a tee time on the property's sprawling 36-hole seaside golf course or enjoy poolside cocktails at the “Night at Noon” celebration in the dazzling Grand Pavilion.
Billy Ray Pennington, 72, of Cleveland passed away on Thursday, December 29, 2016 at the St. Dominic's Hospital in Jackson.
Visitation will be held Monday, January 2, 2017, from 6-8 p.m. at Cleveland Funeral Home.
Funeral Services will be held Tuesday, January 3, 2017, at 2 p.m. at First Baptist Church Boyle. Burial will follow in North Cleveland Cemetery. Rev. Clarence Edwards will officiate the services.
Billy was born on April 24, 1944, to Henry and Dora (Caudill) Pennington in Whitesburg, KY. He graduated from Whitesburg, KY, high school. Billy worked for Coca-Cola for a short time in Whitesburg, KY, and later moved to Illinois. Billy married Gwendolyn Gibson on February 4, 1966. Billy worked in factories in the set up and injection molding departments. He went to work for Baxter Laboratories and later relocated to Cleveland, where he continued to work for Baxter Laboratories for 25 years. Billy attended First Baptist Church in Boyle. When Billy lived in Illinois, he was a Cubs fan as well as the Blackhawks and never lost that passion even after moving to Mississippi. Billy also loved his Chicago Bears even though they disappointed him often and really pushed his buttons. He loved to fish and attending the Cleveland High School football games. Billy also loved to eat, enjoying all varieties of food but always kept that flare for the Chicago style food. Billy leaves behind a heartbroken family that says he was a hardworking man who loved his family dearly.
Billy was preceded in death by his parents Henry and Dora Pennington; brothers and sisters Margie Adams, Mazie Adams, Hugh W. Pennington, Bobby Pennington, Pearl Noble, James E. Pennington, Murphy Pennington and Merrill Pennington.
Billy is survived by his wife of 50 years Gwendolyn Pennington of Cleveland; daughter, Sheila Negrete of Cleveland; son, Rick (Tracy Ashworth) Pennington of Johnsburg, IL; son, Derek Pennington of Shaw; sister, Dorothy Tackett of Colson, KY; sister, Linda Hull of Thornton, KY; brother, Palmer Pennington of Pikeville, KY; grandchildren Tiffany Negrete of Cleveland, Kyle (Jordan) Ashworth of Johnsburg, IL, Nick Pennington of Johnsburg, IL, Brandon Pennington of Johnsburg, IL, and Vanessa Pennington of Johnsburg, IL; one great-granddaughter, Emily Ashworth of Johnsburg, IL, and a host of nieces and nephews. He also leaves canine friend Max.
Pallbearers will be Nick Pennington, Brandon Pennington, Kyle Ashworth, Chris Hudson, Michael Dill, James Staples and Todd Heffner. Honorary pallbearer will be James Vance.
Memorials may be made to First Baptist Church of Boyle, PO Box 218 Boyle, MS 38730.
Cleveland Funeral Home is in charge of arrangements. Online guest register can be viewed and signed at www.clevelandfuneralhome.net.
Mall jewelry chain Claire's Stores has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, hoping to escape huge debts preventing the company from shimmering in a dim environment for retail.
Claire's is another victim of a string of private equity buyouts orchestrated by outside investors who loaded up on debt about a decade ago, saddling retailers with burdensome payments.
Others included Toys R Us, which last week gave up its fight to restructure its operations and decided to liquidate all of its U.S. stores, barring a last-minute chance to keep the 200 best locations open.
Struggling malls, online competition and nimble physical competitors have also proved problematic.
Claire's said it had secured support for a comprehensive debt-cutting campaign from its leading secured lenders, including hedge funds Elliott Management and Monarch Alternative Capital.
The retailer, known for its appeal to teens and for piercing more than 100 million ears worldwide, said it's "confident" it will survive the bankruptcy filed in Delaware. The company also operates the Icing brand.
Claire's said it would use the legal process to shed about $1.9 billion in debt and re-emerge as a healthier company in September, poised for a solid holiday shopping season.
The retailer, which sells products in more than 7,500 locations in 45 countries and employs about 17,000 people, signalled no plans to close stores. More than 5,300 of the company's locations are in the U.S. — many of which amount to dedicated floor space within other retailers.
The company has stores in about 99 per cent of U.S. malls, according to a court filing.
"This transaction substantially reduces the debt on our balance sheet and will enhance our efforts to provide the best possible experience for our customers," Claire's CEO Ron Marshall said in a statement. "We will complete this process as a healthier, more profitable company, which will position us to be an even stronger business partner for our suppliers, concessions partners and franchisees."
Soccer: Neymar shines on PSG debut, Falcao inspires Monaco
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 09:04 IST
Soccer Football - Ligue 1 - Dijon vs Monaco - Dijon, France - August 13, 2017 Monaco's Danijel Subasic in action with Dijon's Baptiste Reynet REUTERS/Robert Pratta
By Julien Pretot
PARIS (Reuters) - Neymar lived up to expectations as he showed his class on his Ligue 1 debut on Sunday, scoring one and setting up another goal in Paris St Germain's 3-0 win at En Avant Guingamp.
The Brazilian, who joined PSG for a record-shattering 222 million euros ($262.47 million) from Barcelona this month, found Edinson Cavani with a perfectly-timed, defence-splitting pass after the break and the Uruguay striker added to Jordan Ikoko's own goal.
Cavani returned the favour with a perfect cut back and Neymar poked the ball home eight minutes from time.
The record attendance at the tiny Roudourou stadium was broken as 18,378 fans attended the much-anticipated debut of the Brazil forward.
Neymar regularly made himself available and his neat passing in small spaces gave PSG several chances, his relationship with Cavani looking particularly promising.
In the 35th minute, he scooped a delicate cross above the defence but Marquinhos's header crashed onto the bar.
Karl-Johan Johnsson then tipped Cavani's free kick over his bar as Guingamp held firm.
Neymar continued to treat the crowd to some delicate turns, but it was a rookie mistake that put the visitors ahead seven minutes into the second half, when Ikoko's pass back to his keeper ended up in the net.
The Brazilian was more decisive on the next goal as he set up Cavani, the Uruguayan scoring with a low shot after he collected his new teammate's long pass in the 62nd minute.
Twenty minutes later, Neymar was at the receiving end of Cavani's work to wrap a near-perfect debut.
PSG are second on six points, behind Olympique Lyonnais on goals scored with Monaco, who thrashed Dijon 4-1 away earlier on Sunday, in third place also on six points.
Despite Monaco fans' concerns that French prodigy Kylian Mbappe might be leaving, they know they can still trust Radamel Falcao after the Colombian striker hit a treble.
France international Mbappe was left on the bench amid speculation that he wants to join PSG but he was not needed as Monaco equalled the record of 14 consecutive wins in the French league.
Falcao scored twice before the break and once after to take his tally to four goals in two games while Jemerson netted another.
Earlier, Lille were beaten 3-0 at promoted RC Strasbourg, conceding all three goals after striker Nicolas de Preville took over as goalkeeper following the sending off of Mike Maignan in the 63rd minute.
($1 = 0.8458 euros)
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Rex Gowar)
By Alice Rothchild
July 03, 2018 “Information Clearing House” – When kids are brown does anyone care?
Americans are grappling with the incarceration of 10-year-olds and the concept of “tender age detention centers” while morally bankrupt politicians wring their bloodied hands. As courts begin to respond, many folks across the political spectrum are wondering, “What happens to the children caught in this catastrophe?” Interestingly, there is much we can learn from research in the US and from the Israeli experience with regard to children and prisons. The US and Israel both perceive themselves as enlightened “western democracies,” yet both have high incarceration rates, particularly for children of color, sometimes involving the same global prison industries. In both countries, these kinds of children are perceived as the “other,” the “enemy,” the “invading hordes ready to destroy America,” the “Muslim terrorists seeking to kill Israelis.” They are presented as less human and less deserving than white and/or Jewish children and less likely to evoke an empathic reaction.
​The New York Times reported that the approximately quarter of a million children with incarcerated single mothers in the US are at risk for ending up in foster care, and as with the recent children on the US/Mexico border, they have the potential to being lost. Stop a moment. Can you imagine losing your own child to bureaucratic chaos and mismanagement? The Dallas Morning News noted, “No one in the criminal justice system is responsible for the safety of children whose mothers go to jail.” It seems that misplacing children in the bureaucracy of prisons and foster care is not a new phenomenon.
Juvenile detention facilities in the US currently hold more than 30,000 children. The Sentencing Project reports that black children are incarcerated at a rate five times higher than white children. “More than 60 percent of child offenders are being held for nonviolent offenses like drugs, theft or even violations that only apply to minors.” Some facilities are still guilty of appalling conditions and practices such as the use of violence, restraints, solitary confinement, and the denial of education to a minor.
This article was originally published by “Mondoweiss“The approximately 400,000 children in the foster care system are often prohibited from any contact with their parents. Twelve percent of those live in group homes or institutional settings.
The Times article concluded:
These children are typically taken by officials they have never met, without warning, then subjected to intrusive interrogations, medical examinations and sometimes strip searches.
Some three-quarters of cases nationwide involve not abuse, but neglect, a “really broad umbrella” that “often just looks like poverty…There's no consistent evidence that removing kids is, on average, beneficial, and there's substantial evidence that it does harm.”
Much has been written about the extensive psychological and cognitive costs of abruptly removing children from their parents and placing them in prisons for indeterminate amounts of time. There is also significant trauma created by imprisoning families with their children indefinitely while basically the US justice system figures out a way to deport them to the dangers they fled, the gangs, rape, poverty, and domestic abuse. Additionally, it appears that the US government has no clear plan to reunite the 2,300 children separated at the border from their parents, including 400 children under the age of 12. Children are likely haunted by the experience of being abandoned and filled with self-doubt regarding their own worth.
In The New Yorker, one ER physician working in Colorado described what she was seeing as “government-mandated child abuse.” These children will be scarred for life because our President has created a false, racist narrative and incessant fear mongering regarding the dangers of migrants and asylum seekers. One could argue that this is a cynical move to keep his base happy as midterm elections loom ahead and as he plans for a glorious re-election. Famously, the President tweeted: “We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief.”
This level of depravity should be met with universal condemnation by anyone with even a shred of moral fiber or perhaps a Christian understanding of our responsibilities towards the weak, the powerless, and the destitute. To have the Vice President invoking his wrathful God to justify such unconscionable policies would be shocking if we were not already so inundated with the daily shocks from the White House.
The UN Convention on the Rights of the Child states that children should not be deprived of liberty unlawfully or arbitrarily and that arrest, detention, or imprisonment should only be used in extreme circumstances for the shortest period of time. Ironically, the US is the only country in the world that has not signed the treaty as reported by the ACLU.
But signing the treaty is clearly not enough. According to Defense of Children International-Palestine, last year an average of 310 Palestinian children were imprisoned for “security offenses” each month, with 60 children 12 to 15 years of age. An estimated 700 children are prosecuted each year in military courts with a 99+% conviction rate. The most common charge is stone throwing which can result in up to 20 years in prison. There have been multiple reports of physical, sexual, and verbal abuse during arrest and interrogation, with 74.5% of children reporting physical violence during arrest and 62% reporting verbal abuse, intimidation and humiliation. Solitary confinement during interrogation has been documented, with an average period of 12 days. The Israeli military courts also put children in administrative detention for months, basically imprisoning them without charges or trial.
To be absolutely clear on this, if a Jewish Israeli child was caught throwing stones at a PA security officer or a Palestinian farmer harvesting his olives, he would not end up in detention. Indeed, if he was from certain Jewish settlements, he would be celebrated as a hero. Such is the justice under military occupation. Jewish children live under civil law and of course are not viewed as the enemy.
According to Addameer, since 2000, more than 12,000 Palestinian children have been detained. The child's sentence “is decided on the basis of the child's age at the time of sentencing, and not at the time when the alleged offense was committed.” Children are arrested by Israeli security often in the middle of the night by a large and intimidating group of well-armed, helmeted soldiers. Families cower in the darkness of their homes while mothers and fathers scream to keep their sons from being blindfolded, handcuffed, and taken away. Targeting the most vulnerable puts pressure on the entire community to end any form of resistance. The soldiers also seek to force the children to become collaborators, to deter future participation in demonstrations and stone throwing, and to extort their families financially with large fines. In high conflict areas, there is a pattern of indiscriminate arrests and detention with little or no evidence except the testimony of a soldier.
The arrests are highly dangerous and traumatizing, leading to epidemics of bed wetting, anxiety, depression, PTSD, agitation, and dropping out of school. Childhood trauma also increases the risk of psychological and behavioral disorders in adulthood. Psychologists in the Rehabilitation Center for Victims of Torture in Ramallah note that targeting adolescents disrupts a critical point in character formation and disturbs the bonds between a child and his family and society. The arrest also causes havoc with the educational process as adolescents are often in the final stages of secondary school, preparing for exams and college.
While children from Mexico and Central and South America have different experiences from Palestinian children, they have much in common. One group is suffering from gangs, poverty, drugs, repression, and violent societies while the other is suffering from a brutal military occupation, recurrent IDF incursions, soldier and settler violence, home demolitions, and poverty. Under these circumstances, taking dangerous desert journeys at the hands of coyotes or heaving a stone at a jeep spewing teargas is an understandable response. Imprisoning either group is a political and racialized decision that creates deep and long-lasting trauma in the children and their families.
While the outrage builds in the US, will anyone pay attention to the fate of the children in the West Bank and Gaza? Their lives may depend on us.
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/49773.htm
Bavaria sign France midfielder Tolisso on record five-year deal
by Reuters News 14 Jun 2017, 22:52 IST
Football Soccer - Olympique Lyonnais v Besiktas - UEFA Europa League Quarter Final First Leg - Parc Olympique Lyonnais - 13/4/17 Lyon's Corentin Tolisso celebrates scoring their first goal Reuters / Emmanuel Foudrot Livepic/Files
BERLIN (Reuters) - German champions Bayern Munich on Wednesday broke their transfer record to sign versatile midfielder Corentin Tolisso for 41.5 million euros ($46.75 million), with the 22-year-old France international penning a five year deal.
Tolisso comes from French Ligue 1 club Olympique Lyonnais, which he joined as a teenager. He became the club's biggest transfer, beating the previous mark of 40 million spent on Javi Martinez in 2012.
The French club said in a statement it was also its own biggest transfer to date and could bring in another 6 million euros based on incentives included the deal with Bayern.
"I had a wonderful time at Olympique for which I am thankful. Now I look forward to playing at one of the best clubs in Europe," the player said in a Bayern statement.
"I have set big goals for myself at Bayern. Today is a big day for us."
Bayern have won the German league a record five consecutive times but have not made it past the semi-finals in the Champions League since last winning the title in 2013.
"We are delighted to have won over this young and highly interesting player despite international competition," Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said. "Corentin Tolisso was top of the midfield wishlist for our coach Carlo Ancelotti."
($1 = 0.8875 euros)
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; Editing by Alison Williams)
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
BID4Oban is now fully up and running for its second term.
We are now working to deliver our business plan by way of a six-monthly rolling operating plan. This will be published in early January on our website.
In preparation for this, BID4Oban is looking for any ideas or quick-fixes that our levy-payers may have to make improvements to the town centre, in particular areas outside the recent improvements made to George Street and Stafford Street.
We continue with the painting of all railings and bollards with the last area to be completed outside the Rockfield Centre. The difference this has made to the town is amazing, with many comments complimenting us on the improvements.
Any business in the town, regardless of its location, can apply for a Business
Improvement Grant. This allows the company to improve the look of their premises and gain funding towards the cost.
Full details are available on our website or by contacting our office.
The BID4Oban Christmas trees have been installed on lampposts around the town at the Corran Halls and hospital roundabouts, Breadalbane Street and Lochavullin Drive. These are entirely funded by BID and use the same brackets used for our fantastic hanging baskets.
Next year it is likely that BID4Oban will facilitate the Christmas lights for the entire town in partnership with local contractors and Argyll and Bute Council.
BID4Oban still wants to recruit additional directors to support in the delivery of our objectives as set out on our business plan. The director roles are advisory, supportive roles to ensure governance of the BID company. Any levy-payers interested in becoming involved should contact us
at our office on Stevenson Street or via our website.
Vendee Globe - Atlantic and Pacific duels take new turns
Banque Populaire VIII - Armel Le Cleac'h - Vendee Globe 2016/17 Vendee Globe © Banque Populaire VIII - Armel Le Cleac'h - Vendee Globe 2016/17 Vendee Globe © http://www.vendeeglobe.org
by Vendee Globe today at 6:43 amThe British and French skippers should reach the more favourable breezes at around the same time, tacking on to starboard for the long climb north towards the Doldrums. Because Thomson is further to the east - albeit always playing with slightly less wind in recent days - his payback should come when he reaches the trades at around the same time as his French rival.Weather modelling shows another small comeback for Thomson against Le Cléac'h, the north south separation of 130 miles this morning reducing progressively. The tension is set to continue into the North Atlantic, assuming both have a similar Doldrums crossing. But the duo do seem to remain connected, in some ways reprising the 2012-13 battle between Le Cléac'h and eventual winner François Gabart.So too the duel between Nandor Fa and Conrad Colman, eighth and ninth at 213 miles apart, takes an interesting turn. The combination of a thalweg - a elongated ridge of low pressure - which Fa is behind as well as high pressure to the south means the duo are having to detour almost 400 miles to the north of their rhumb line course to Cape Horn. They are in the middle of the Pacific, 1200 miles behind Louis Burton, and Colman was fairly slow last night losing some ground to the Hungarian, Fa (Spirit of Hungary, but he may regain as he is now sailing downwind in a 30-knot SW'ly wind, while Nandor Fa – just 200 miles ahead of him – is upwind in a 25 knot NE'ly wind.
Everything is going well for the four other boats in the South Atlantic. Jérémie Beyou (Maître CoQ) is firmly in third place, just over 720 miles ahead of Jean-Pierre Dick's StMichel-Virbac. The latter has just dealt with another low and has picked up speed again 400 miles NE of the Falklands and 150 miles north (75 miles in terms of distance to the finish) of the inseparable pair, Yann Eliès and Jean Le Cam. Just under 1700 miles from the leader, the skipper son Quéguiner-Leucémie Espoir and Finistère Mer Vent are fighting it out for fifth place and to become the first non-foiling boat to finish.
Yann Eliès has a slight advantage this morning (15 miles) but Jean Le Cam has just gybed in his wake. It looks like this duel could also continue all the way to the finish. Even if he has to go a long way north to avoid an area of light winds, the seventh skipper expected to round the Horn is Louis Burton (Bureau Vallée) on around 48 hours from now. He is 660 miles from the famous rock and is advancing well.
Enda O'Coineen officially retires: 18 left in the race
As for the group of five with in order Eric Bellion (CommeUnSeulHomme), Arnaud Boissières (La Mie Câline), Alan Roura (La Fabrique), Fabrice Amedeo (Newrest-Matmut) and Rich Wilson (Great American IV), they are gradually getting caught by a low with strong winds up to 40 knots forecast with Wilson the first to be affected. Catalan sailor Didac Costa (One Planet One Ocean) has got further ahead of Romain Attanasio, slowed in an area of calms this weekend, but the skipper of Famille Mary-Etamine du Lys has finally got moving again (at 13 knots), after entering the Pacific yesterday evening after crossing the longitude of South East Cape, Tasmania. Costa and Attanasio will be facing another problem with a deep low forming east of New Zealand, and they will be attempting to avoid the worst of the winds in the next 48 hours.
At the rear of the fleet, Pieter Heerema (No Way Back, 18th) and Sébastien Destremau (TechnoFirst-faceOcean,17th) are sailing close to the coast of Tasmania. Sébastien Destremau expects to reach a bay north of Hobart on Monday evening, as he explained this morning in a message. “Port Esperance is the most likely destination. ETA sometime Monday night but will most probably wait offshore for daybreak. Length of the pit stop will depend on the state of the mast/rigging up there. Say between a few hours and a couple of days. It will be the first time I have seen land since seeing Madeira in the distance on November 11 and the first time I have seen faces since the start on November 6.”
Quotes
Rich Wilson (Great American IV): “We are in the gale. We have 35-40 knots of wind now and it looks as though this will last for another 18 hours. Then we get to the center of the storm, and then the same, about 24 hours of storm from the south. Depressions rotate clockwise here in the Southern Hemisphere, thus the two directions on opposite sides of the storm. We have three reefs in the mainsail and the storm jib up. We are trying to be very conservative to save the staysail that was laboring in the beginning of the storm with a higher wind angle.
As the wind has shifted from North to North Northwest, we have continued to go east, and so the angle to the wind has gotten bigger, which helps. The waves are about 12-15 feet, and now starting to get angry. One wave just hit the boat and pushed it to starboard about three - four feet, almost hammering my face with the port side of the chart table. I have my helmet here and may use it at the chart table.”
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/150848
The Massachusetts Probation Service has filed a motion with the court regarding the sentencing of Michelle Carter.
Carter was convicted of manslaughter in June for pressuring her 18-year-old boyfriend Conrad Roy to commit suicide on July 13, 2014. She was 17 years old.
The pair spoke over text messages and phone calls for years with Carter advising against Roy harming himself for many months. Then, weeks before Roy's death, her opinion on suicide swayed.
Carter encouraged him over text messages and phone calls to take his life. When he had second thoughts during a suicide attempt and said he was "scared," Carter told Roy over text to "F----- get back in" his truck as it filled with carbon monoxide.
The next morning, police found Roy's body in the parking lot of a Fairhaven Kmart. An autopsy determined that he died by suicide of carbon monoxide poisoning.
Carter was sentenced this month in juvenile court to two and a half years in jail including 15 months to be served immediately and the rest suspended until 2022. The sentenced was stayed pending appeal, allowing Carter to remain out while her appeal is heard.
Regarding her stayed sentence, the probation service filed a motion, asking the judge to clarify on the stayed sentence.
"Undoubtedly, the court has the authority to stay a sentence - whether the sentence is one of imprisonment, straight probation or suspended," the motion states. "The court's ability to stay on a portion of a split sentence, however, is less clear."
What if Carter were to violate a condition set in the sentencing order, the probation department asked. "Would the court revoke probation and impose the suspended portion, despite the stay?"
The motion will be heard on Aug. 21.
The residents suggested a compromise: Create an Arab neighbourhood within the new town so that their community could remain intact. The state rejected this idea: Hiran was to be for Jews only. A few weeks ago, I had reason to call my wife from the Naqab again. This time, I was in an ambulance on the way to the hospital. On January 18, as I stood with the residents of Umm Al Hiran, Israeli police who had arrived to demolish the village pepper-sprayed me and then shot me in the head and the back with baton rounds. These bullets, which are about 3 inches long and one-and-a-half inches in diameter, have a hard plastic base and a high-density foam tip. Supposedly non-lethal, they have caused numerous serious injuries, including skull fractures and eye loss, and have been associated with at least one fatality. In my case, the bullet missed my eye and only grazed my skull.
Insurance giant Aviva is launching ​a new way of buying home insurance which promises to simplify the process following new research which shows that three quarters (76 per cent) of UK adults with home insurance feel the industry needs to do more to make it quicker, simpler and cheaper to take out the right insurance policies.
Insurance companies have been criticised in the past for asking too many impossible-to-answer questions and then not paying out when customers make a claim.
The research, which was carried out by Censuswide in December 2017, revealed that 38 per cent UK adults with home insurance say home insurance questions are as hard, if not harder, as GCSE exam questions.
It also showed that one in three (32 per cent) have given up on an application because it took too long or they didn't have the right information.
Aviva said it will transform its insurance-buying process by removing unnecessary underwriting questions and ending duplication for customers, making it faster and easier for customers to get accurate cover.
The firm said applicants will only need to confirm a few key pieces of information and this will cut the average time taken to get a price from 10 minutes to just three minutes for new customers who apply for a home insurance quote online directly from Aviva.
The insurer said that simplifying the process of providing accurate information will reduce the risk of a having a home insurance claim rejected.
Aviva will provide accurate premiums using information customers have previously provided as well as other sources, such as Land Registry data, to simplify the quotation process, remove uncertainty for customers and avoid duplication.
Owen Morris, digital director at Aviva, said: "By removing unnecessary questions, we're making it quicker and easier for homeowners in Yorkshire to get a home insurance quote, reducing any worry they may have about providing the wrong answers.
“At Aviva we're determined to make endless, unnecessary, insurance questions a thing of the past. Insurers have a reputation for making things complicated for customers, which leads to frustration and a lack of trust but at Aviva we want to do things differently."
Mr Morris said that until now, taking out insurance has meant running a gauntlet of complex questions to achieve the peace of mind that home insurance can bring but many of these questions - such as the type of door and window locks - can be difficult to answer.
"By removing these difficult questions, we're not only saving customers time, we're reducing any worry they may have about providing the right answers," he said.
“We're now able to pinpoint the risk of each property in a different way, speeding up the home application process and killing complexity."
Aviva has pledged to further improve its home insurance offering.
“We're not stopping at this," said Mr Morris.
"Our future aim is cut the number of questions even further and we're continually looking at ways to innovate. We'll be applying these principles across other Aviva product and services, including claims, so the experience of dealing with insurers no longer feels like an interrogation. Customers can instead focus on what really matters: identifying what's important to them and ensuring this is protected.”
ROTA, Spain — Spain looks set to take charge of the European Union's anti-piracy operation off Somalia despite a challenge from Italy, as EU countries continue to pick over the spoils left by Britain's departure from the bloc next year.
With Brexit due in just 11 months, Spain wants to host the headquarters for the EUNAVFOR Atalanta operation at its southern port of Rota — where U.S. troops are also stationed. It would form part of a joint effort that would see France assume responsibility for a parallel civilian maritime surveillance facility based in Brest.
Italy, which narrowly lost its bid to host the EU's banking authority — another agency leaving Britain for the Netherlands next year — in a tiebreaker, entered the running late. Still, time is running out for a decision to be made, and EU countries are concerned that a potentially embarrassing vote might be required to break the deadlock.
Launched in 2008, as Somali pirates were wreaking havoc in some of the world's busiest shipping lanes, hijacking vessels and taking hostages, the agency has been run from Northwood, just outside London. An estimated 95 per cent of EU trade by volume passes through or near the Gulf of Aden.
Its mission, Spanish Defence Minister Maria Dolores Cospedal said, "requires an exclusively dedicated (operational headquarters) allowing a strategic direction and control in a geographical area of great interest for Europe."
In a show of its prowess this week aimed at convincing senior EU diplomats, military advisers and experts of Rota's suitability, Spain's armed forces put on a major naval and air show off its southern coast, in waters near Britain's territory of Gibraltar.
Warships launched jump jets, attack and transport helicopters while special forces were deployed in fast boat teams and parachuted into the Mediterranean in an exercise aimed at repelling a pirate raid and rescuing hostages.
Spain has been involved in the EU's anti-piracy operation in the Gulf of Aden since the beginning and as its biggest military contributor claims to know EUNAVFOR inside out.
"We find it truly important to maintain the EU's ability to command and control operations," said Spain's defence chief, General Fernando Alejandre Martinez. "Brexit would affect all this, but we stand ready to fill the gap left by Northwood."
The HQ at Rota, he said, would be able to command any kind of EU security or defence mission.
People are sharing their own personal versions of hell - and they're hilarious
Our favourite has got to be "you get the feeling you need to sneeze often, but it never happens"
CAMBRIDGE — Police have arrested a 37-year-old Cambridge man on sex offence charges dating back to the late 1990s and early 2000s.
The man was arrested on July 2 and is facing two counts of sexual assault and two counts of sexual interference, said Waterloo Regional Police. The arrest followed an investigation launched by police after receiving a complaint.
The two victims are known to the accused.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Cheltenham corner shop is to close after about 100 years, prompting sadness and regret in the community.
According to proprietor Martin Pashley, that is how long Leckhampton Convenience Store has been trading for.
But he said the shop, on the corner of Leckhampton Road and Church Road in Leckhampton, was no longer making enough money to make it worth his while to continue and so he would close it for good on Friday.
Mr Pashley, who has run the business for nearly nine years, said: “It's because of a lack of sales, that's the bottom line.
“It's a shame and a sign of the times. Smaller shops like this are struggling. The bigger ones are doing quite well but it's not so good for the small stores.”
He said there had been a revamp of the Co-operative shop, which is just a few yards away in Leckhampton Road, about 18 months ago.
And that, Mr Pashley said, had not helped his business.
The shop will now be converted into three flats, with Mr Pashley overseeing the project and hoping to work in property matters in the future.
He said he had had enough of working in retail, not least because of the long hours involved.
Ashley Spicer, who lives close to the shop, said: “It's a bit sad. We've been here 15 years and used it quite a lot.
“Shops like the Co-op take the business away.
“People don't seem to have their papers and milk, and things like that, delivered.”
He added that in the near future, when there would be even fewer small businesses, people would look back and wish they had supported them more so that they stayed open.
Another shop user, Helen Gadd, said: “It's such a shame about the closure. This store has served the people of Leckhampton for many years and the staff were always helpful and friendly.
“It was very popular with children from the primary school, who always called in for sweets, ice cream and drinks after school, particularly on Friday afternoons when it was packed with them.”
Big Loud Records artist Morgan Wallen is coming to Joe's Live this March, and you do not want to miss this opportunity to see him live! His resume consists of tour dates with Florida Georgia Line on their ‘Dig Your Roots' Tour as well as a contestant on Season 6 of ‘The Voice'. Enter for your chance to win a pair of tickets to see this college baseball player turned country music artist, this March in Chicago.
The contest begins on Monday 12/11 at 10am and ends on Friday 12/29 at 10am. Five (5) total winners will be selected at random from all eligible entries on 12/29 at approximately 10am. Approximate retail $30.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A car has 'deliberately' ploughed into a pizza restaurant in Paris killing one young girl and injuring eight others, it's being reported.
The driver is reported to have 'rammed' people eating outside the pizzeria in La Fierté sous-Jouarre - kiiling an eight-year-old.
The driver was said to have been arrested.
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/news .
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
(Image: @DuarteLevy/Twitter)
Follow us on Twitter @DailyMirror - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - real news in real time.
We're also on Facebook/dailymirror - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online.
Dr. Leon Finney, Jr. is a well-known Chicago businessman, civic leader, and owner of Leon's, stopped by WCL Friday to share some history, some BBQ and some news.On Monday we were talking about the story of Denzel Washington coming to the South Side looking for a BBQ place. He stopped at an older woman's home to ask, and he was talking about Leon's Bar-B-Q! Val went on to tell the story of how she has never had Leon's, so they had to be invited in!Plus, they brought food for the entire studio audience!!!The family's restaurants closed in 2011 - but once again you'll be able to taste the great BBQ from Leon's - because they are opening a new restaurant:The Grand OPENING of LEON'S Bar-B-Q Restaurant will be on Thanksgiving Eve...November 22, 20171528 EAST 63RD STREETOwners:Dr. Leon D. Finney, Jr. &Kristin Finney-Cooke
As the guests sit nervously on the hayride cart, rolling through the night, out of the shadows jumps the Creeper, who leers at his terrified victims with a patchwork face.
Behind the mask is Larry Menendez, an actor at Circle of Screams, the annual Halloween event that runs through Sunday, Oct. 29, at Circle Drive-In, 1911 Scranton-Carbondale Highway, Dickson City.
“It lets me get into a big role with a lot of other people and just have fun,” Menendez said. “We really have a great time together, whether we're on the set or off it.”
Open Fridays through Sundays, Circle of Screams winds through the forests surrounding the drive-in theater, with a host of scares and horrors on its haunted hayride. The night's events begin at dusk, and the last hayride leaves at 11 p.m. Tickets start at $15 and are available at the ticket booth from 6 to 10:30 p.m. and in advance at circleofscreams.com.
Circle of Screams' other featured frights this year include Cirque du Peur, a terrifying circus of deranged clowns and twisted performances that is one of the stops on the Haunted Hayride's route, and Delfino Manor, a haunted house and estate at the forest's edge.
The theater also will screen various horror movies during the season. And on Friday, Nov. 3, and Saturday, Nov. 4, it will offer Dark Circle, a self-guided walk through the site with only a flashlight.
Many of the actors at Circle of Screams have returned from previous years at Circle Drive-in. Menendez and Christine Siwulich, who plays the Cage Demon, are in their second years of scaring.
“Seeing the look on people's faces as they come through and hearing them talk about it afterwards is very satisfying,” Siwulich said. “It's really rewarding to scare people.”
Menendez plays the main monster from the 2001 horror film “Jeepers Creepers,” a demon who awakes every 23rd spring to hunt and eat humans for 23 days.
“Since the ‘Jeepers Creepers' monster isn't a talking creature, I've had to practice my facial expressions, because he's big on those,” Menendez said.
The actors have found a camaraderie in their shared experience as professional scarers, pointed out Samantha Rutkosky, who does a fire-twirling performance in Cirque de Peur.
“All of the actors there are like one big awesome family,” she said. “And they make you feel so welcome.”
Contact the writer: mpaine@timesshamrock.com or 570-348-9127
Brokenharts Asylum
Where: Luzerne County Fairgrounds, Route 118, Dallas
Open: Fridays and Saturdays, 7 p.m. to midnight, and Sundays, 7 to 11 p.m., through Oct. 29
Scares:Self-guided haunted asylum
Cost: $10
Contact: 570-760-8027 or
brokenhartsasylum.com
Circle of Screams
Where: 1911 Scranton-Carbondale Highway, Dickson City
Open: Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays, 6 to 11 p.m., through Nov. 4
Scares: Attractions include Haunted Hayride, Cirque de Peur, Delfino Manor, horror drive-in movie screening and the one-weekend only Dark Circle on Nov. 3 and 4.
Cost: $15 for Haunted Hayride and Cirque de Peur/$15 Delfino Manor/$25 for all three attractions
Contact: 570-489-5731 or circleof screams.com
Demons Gate Haunted Hayride
Where: Irem Pavilion, 70 Ridgeway Drive, Dallas
Open: Friday and Saturdays, 7 to 11 p.m., and Sundays, 7 to 10 p.m., through Oct. 29
Scares: Haunted hayride
Cost: $12
Contact:Demons Gate Haunted Hayride on Facebook
Dracula's Forest
Where: 2828 Rock Drive, Ransom Twp.
Open: Main attractions: Fridays and Saturdays, 6:30 to 10:30 p.m., and Sundays, 6:30 to 10 p.m., through Oct. 29; Little Screamer's Not-So-Scary Hayride: Saturdays and Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m.
Scares: Attractions include Haunted Hayride, the Dark Kingdom, Fall Festival and Little Screamer's Not-So-Scary Hayride
Cost: Haunted Hayride, $15 adults/$10 children 10 and younger with a paying adult; the Dark Kingdom, $15; Hayride and Dark Kingdom combo ticket, $25; Not-So-Scary Hayride, $8; parking, $3, cash only.
Contact: 570-586-5084 or
draculasforest.com
Fear Hollow
Where: 1600 Church Road, Mountain Top
Open: Fridays and Saturdays, dark until 1 p.m.; Sundays, dark until 10 p.m., through Oct. 29
Scares: Mayhem on the Mountain, an interactive walk-through haunted house split into an asylum and a clown house. Not geared toward small children.
Cost: $20 general/$30 with speedpass to get to the front of the line
Contact: 570-261-0333, fearhollow.com
Gravestone Manor
Where: 1095 Highway 315, Plains Twp.
Open: Fridays and Saturdays, 7 to 11 p.m., and Sundays, 7 to 9:30 p.m., through Oct. 29
Scares: This year's theme is “Cold Case.” Not recommended for children under 8.
Cost: $10; all proceeds benefit United Way of Wyoming Valley.
Contact: 570-821-6500 or
gravestonemanor.com
Hellstead Manor
Where: 630 Harmony Road, Hallstead
Open: Fridays and Saturdays, 7 to 11 p.m., through Oct. 28 and Sundays through Oct. 29 plus Oct. 30 and 31, 7 to 10 p.m.
Scares: Haunted house
Cost: $20; free parking
Contact: 570-396-5871 or
hellsteadmanor.com
Horror Hall
Where: 11 E. Poplar St., Nanticoke
Open: Fridays and Saturdays, 6 p.m. to midnight, and Sundays, 6 to 10 p.m., through Oct. 29
Scares: Walk-through indoor haunted house and escape room attractions. Not recommended for children under 10.
Cost: $14 general admission/$19 fast pass/$8 escape room admission; all funds benefit Plymouth Twp. Fire & Rescue Company.
Contact: 570-735-7899 or Horror Hall on Facebook
Massacre Mansion
Where: West Scranton Little League Field, Oxford Street and South Eighth Avenue
Open: Fridays through Sundays, gates open at 6 p.m., through October
Scares: Haunted house
Cost: $10; proceeds benefit West Scranton Little League
Contact: 570-591-7000 or Massacre Mansion Haunted Attraction on Facebook
Reaper's Revenge
Where: 460 Green Grove Road, Scranton
Open: Fridays and Saturdays, 6 to 11 p.m., and Sundays, 6 to 10 p.m., through Nov. 4. Attractions remain open until all customers have gone through.
Scares: Attractions include a Haunted Hayride, Lost Carnival walkthrough, Pitch Black indoor maze and Sector 13 high-intensity maze. Not recommended for children under 10.
Cost: $45 for all four attractions; parking, $3
Contact: 570-254-8038 or
reapersrevenge.net
Panel Questions
BILL KURTIS: From NPR and WBEZ Chicago, this is WAIT WAIT... DON'T TELL ME, the NPR News quiz. I'm Bill Kurtis. We're playing this week with Paula Poundstone, Roy Blount Jr., Alonzo Bodden. And here again is your host at Davies Symphony Hall in San Francisco, Peter Sagal.
(APPLAUSE)
PETER SAGAL, HOST:
Thank you, Bill. In just a minute, Bill throws a Hail Mary to Jerry Rhymece (ph). It's the Listener Limerick Challenge.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: If you'd like to play, give us a call at 1-888-WAIT-WAIT. That's 1-888-924-8924. Right now, panel, some more questions for you from this week's news. Roy, according to Vice News, every day, twice a day, President Trump receives a special dossier filled with important information. What is in that dossier?
ROY BLOUNT JR: I don't see how it can be very thick, but apparently it is - either it is or he is - and it is all the favorable stories about him from the day.
SAGAL: Yes, that's exactly right.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: It's two daily dossiers - morning and evening - of praise for Donald Trump. And they say that each one is 20 to 25 pages long, which seems like a lot of pages for a collection of praise for Donald Trump. But...
PAULA POUNDSTONE: Is there...
SAGAL: ...Keep in mind, we don't know what size the font is, so it could be...
POUNDSTONE: Yeah.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: ...Could be page one, you. Page two, are.
ALONZO BODDEN: So how long does it take Sean Hannity to write 25 pages?
SAGAL: It's true.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Interestingly - and I want to point this out - this rather remarkable news about his daily briefings leaked just a week after the departure of Reince Priebus and Sean Spicer - coincidence. Contacted for comment, Spicer said, quote, "I won't comment on materials we share with the president," unquote, adding, can't get clean, can't get clean, I scrub all day. I can't get clean.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Roy, France now has the first ever 24-hour vending machine for people who wake up in the middle of the night, and they just have a craving. They got to get what?
BLOUNT JR: Snails.
SAGAL: Close.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: You are on. You - it is a mollusk that French people like to eat.
BLOUNT JR: I thought that was snails.
SAGAL: No, I'll give you a hint. No, if you're really lucky, you'll get a pearl.
BLOUNT JR: Oh, oysters.
SAGAL: Oysters.
POUNDSTONE: Really?
SAGAL: It's an oyster vending machine.
POUNDSTONE: I thought they had to be fresh.
BLOUNT JR: Yeah.
SAGAL: Well...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: ...Just save a couple of quarters for the antibiotics vending machine right next to it.
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: Yeah, what about - don't they have to be - how long do they stay in that vending machine?
SAGAL: Well, it's sort of like - it's apparently tended, and they're on ice. But, you know...
POUNDSTONE: It's tended.
SAGAL: Yeah.
POUNDSTONE: What do you mean, it's tended?
SAGAL: Well, people are...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: People are putting oysters on the ice - in the ice and...
POUNDSTONE: There's someone inside the...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: A little hand comes out holding an oyster.
POUNDSTONE: Why not...
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: Why not just have a restaurant, for Christ's sake?
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Well, because there are noes - there - or rather, very few people involved in serving you the oysters, you get...
POUNDSTONE: So there's just - there's really a person in there.
SAGAL: I don't...
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: (Imitating French accent) Hello.
(LAUGHTER)
BLOUNT JR: But oysters are hard to shuck. I mean, they're - I can't see how...
SAGAL: Well...
BLOUNT JR: ...It'd work.
SAGAL: ...They say the oysters are only 8 bucks a dozen. But the vending machine that sells knives is 40 bucks each.
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: Oh, the guy's not in there shucking them.
SAGAL: I guess so. I don't know.
(LAUGHTER)
BLOUNT JR: A little guy probably.
POUNDSTONE: You can hear, like, a scraping sound and then, ah [expletive].
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: (Imitating French accent) It's so dark in here. I [expletive] shuck my hand again.
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: (Imitating French accent) Why am I in a vending machine?
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: (Imitating French accent) Someone come please buy an oyster...
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: ...Before I cut my [expletive] hand again.
(LAUGHTER)
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The Morgan Report's Weekly Perspective 020118 Video – David Morgan
The Morgan Report's Weekly Perspective | http://www.themorganreport.com
The Morgan Report's Weekly Perspective is our free e-newsletter. Our free e-newsletter will keep YOU in the top 3% of the Informed, the Awake, and the Aware.
Join our Free weekly e-letter: http://www.themorganreport.com/joinfr…
I've Been Helping My Subscribers Weather the Current Economic Mess. Now I Invite You to Join My Growing Circle of Successful Investors.
The Morgan Report is all about YOU and how you can build and preserve Wealth for generations to come. We know it can sometimes seem a daunting task to protect your assets and preserve or grow your wealth. Over 15 years ago, a small group of us started The Morgan Report and formed an exclusive membership organization to promote personal freedom, an honest money system, free market wealth accumulation and asset protection.
Video Source
Sharing is caring!
Have your say
Peterborough United's transfer deadline day signing, striker Omar Bogle, starts today's (February 3) League One clash with Southend at the ABAX Stadium.
Bogle looks to have been selected to partner top scorer Jack Marriott in a 4-4-2 formation.
George Cooper has been preferred to Danny Lloyd on the wing with Leo Da Silva Lopes also dropping down to the substitutes' bench.
Posh: Jonathan Bond, Liam Shephard, Andrew Hughes, Steven Taylor, Ryan Tafazolli, Anthony Grant, Chris Forrester, Marcus Maddison, George Cooper, Jack Marriott, Omar Bogle. Substitutes: Conor O'Malley, Danny Lloyd, Leo Da Silva Lopes, Joe Ward, Jack Baldwin, Jermaine Anderson, Junior Morias.
Southend: Mark Oxley, Jason Demetriou, John White, Michael Turner, Ben Coker, Stephen McLaughlin, Dru Yearwood, Michae; Timlin, Michael Kightly, Simon Cox, Marc-Antoine Fortune
Subs: Nathan Bishop, Anton Ferdinand, Harry Kyprianou, Jermaine McGlashan, Michael Klass, Freddie Ladapo, Shayon Harrison
Referee: Dean Whitestone
Alan Swann is at the match for the Peterborough Telegraph so check back for a match report and match reaction later.
Also follow @PTAlanSwann on Twitter for live match updates.
MLB Top 10 Teams Entering Week 10
The top 10 MLB teams entering week 10.
Glenn Kaplan ANALYST Feature 31 May 2018, 03:38 IST 3 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
It is almost the heart of summer in Major League Baseball. June is just two days away, which means that it is another step closer to the MLB All-Star Break. Even though it is only late May, the true contending teams are separating away from the pretending teams. Here are this week's top 10 MLB teams:
10. Los Angeles Angels: In a tough American League, the Angels have a 30-25 record. Los Angeles is 3.5 games back of the Seattle Mariners for the second wild-card spot. They have a better record than the Cleveland Indians (28-25), who currently lead the AL Central, but they would be in the playoffs right now instead because the Indians are winning their division. The Angels haven't gotten great pitching lately, but they need to pitch well in order to stay in contention. Last week's ranking: 9.
9. Colorado Rockies: The Rockies are currently leading the National League West with a 30-25 record. They have one of the best lineups in the MLB. Colorado is a lot better on the road (19-13) than they are at home (11-12). The Rockies have scored five or more runs in five consecutive games and they have gone 4-1 in that stretch. Nolan Arenado is starting to heat up for Colorado. He has a .321 batting average with 10 home runs and 31 RBI's, along with two stolen bases. Last week's ranking: 10.
8. Philadelphia Phillies: The Phillies are currently in the second wild-card spot in the National League with a 30-22 record. They are actually only game back of the Atlanta Braves for first place in the National League East. Philadelphia isn't known for their power, but they are playing small ball and have very good starting pitching. Jake Arrieta (5-2, 2.16 ERA), Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27 ERA), and Nick Pivetta (4-3, 3.26 ERA) are the Phillies top starting pitchers. They are a serious threat in the National League if they continue to play well. Last week's ranking: 7.
7. Atlanta Braves: The Braves had two walk-off wins on Monday in Game 1 of a doubleheader against the New York Mets and on Tuesday Night against the Mets as well. Atlanta lost outfielder Ronald Acuna Jr. to an mild ACL sprain in Sunday's 7-1 win against the Boston Red Sox on the road. He was placed on the 10-day DL. Acuna Jr. has a .265 batting average with five home runs and 13 RBI's, along with two stolen bases. Despite some of there walk-off wins, they haven't been terrific as of late. Atlanta has a 32-22 record to start the 2018 season and they lead the Washington Nationals by just 0.5 games and the Philadelphia Phillies by just one game in the NL East Standings. Last week's rankings: 5.
6. Seattle Mariners: Seattle continues to play very good baseball even without Robinson Cano. They are 8-2 in their last 10 games. Seattle's record is 33-21 to start the 2018 season. They are just one game back of the Houston Astros in the American League West standings. Seattle is currently in the second wild-card spot in the American League. They lead the Los Angeles Angels by 3.5 games. Seattle has a huge two-game set on the road against the Houston Astros next Tuesday and Wednesday. The Seattle Mariners haven't faced very good teams as of late. Jean Segura is having an all-star like season for the Mariners. He has a .334 batting average with four home runs and 35 RBI's, along with seven stolen bases. Mitch Haniger continues to have a breakout season for Seattle. He has a .279 batting average with 11 home runs and 39 RBI's, along with three stolen bases. The Mariners don't have exactly a strong starting rotation, but they have a very good bullpen. Last week's ranking: 6.
5. Washington Nationals: Washington is making a serious case right now to be one of the best teams in the MLB. The Nationals have won five games in a row and they have a 31-22 record to start the 2018 season. Washington is currently in the first wild-card spot in the National League, but they are just 0.5 games back of the Atlanta Braves for first place in the NL East. Bryce Harper hit another home run for the Nationals in a 3-2 win against the Baltimore Orioles on the road on Tuesday Night. Harper's batting average is .228 with 16 home runs and 34 RBI's, along with four stolen bases. Daniel Murphy has yet to play a game for Washington this season because of a knee injury and he is close to returning and Murphy has already started to rehab. The Nationals have one of the best pitching staffs in baseball. Last week's ranking: 8.
4. Milwaukee Brewers: The Brewers have the best record in the National League right now at 35-21 and they are also the best team in the National League. They are 7-3 in their last 10 games. Milwaukee has one of the best lineups in baseball. After Wednesday's Afternoon game at home against the St. Louis Cardinals, the Brewers will hit the road for eight straight games (at CWS (3), at CLE (2), and at PHI (3). Jesus Aguilar has a .308 batting average with nine home runs and 30 RBI's. Travis Shaw has a .255 batting average with 13 home runs and 36 RBI's. Christian Yelech has a .306 batting average with six home runs and 24 RBI's, along with six stolen bases. Last week's ranking: 4.
3. New York Yankees: Gleyber Torres is becoming a star for the New York Yankees in a hurry. He hit a walk-off single in the Yankees 6-5 win in 10 innings over the Houston Astros at home on Tuesday Night. Torres has a .321 batting average with nine home runs and 24 RBI's, along with one stolen base. He is an energizer bunny in the Yankees lineup.Brett Gardner hit a two-run homer to tie the game. Even though Aaron Judge, Didi Gregorius, Giancarlo Stanton, and Gary Sanchez are all very good players. Torres brings a different energy level that they don't. New York has a 34-17 record to start the 2018 season. They are currently two games back of the Boston Red Sox in the American League East standings and the Yankees currently hold the first wild card spot in the AL. Last week's ranking: 3.
2. Houston Astros: Houston split the series on the road over the weekend against the Cleveland Indians and they are currently tied at one in the series against the New York Yankees. The rubber match is on Wednesday Night. Houston has a huge four-game set at home this weekend against the Boston Red Sox. Jose Altuve has a .332 batting average with four home runs and 29 RBI's, along with six stolen bases. Dallas Keuchel has a 3-6 record with a 3.36 ERA. He will be on the mound against Luis Severino (7-1, 2.28 ERA). The Astros have a very good starting rotation. Justin Verlander (7-2, 1.11 ERA), Gerrit Cole (5-1, 2.05 ERA), and Charlie Morton (7-0, 2.26 ERA). The Astros have a 35-21 record to start the 2018 MLB season, but they only have a one-game lead on the Seattle Mariners in the American League West standings. Last week's ranking: 1.
1.Boston Red Sox: The Red Sox are 8-2 in their last 10 games and they have a 38-17 record to start the 2018 season. Boston has the best record in the MLB at the moment and they are playing like they are the best team in the MLB at the moment. The Red Sox will be tested on the road in a four-game series on the road this weekend against the Houston Astros. Boston is good both at home (19-8) and on the road (19-9). Mookie Betts might be the best player in the American League right now. He has a .359 batting average with 17 home runs and 37 RBI's, along with 13 stolen bases. J.D. Martinez continues to rake for the Red Sox. He has a .323 batting average with 17 home runs and 45 RBI's. Mitch Moreland and Xander Bogaerts each have eight home runs. Chris Sale has been Boston's best starting pitcher with a 5-2 record and a 2.76 ERA. In 75 innings pitched, he has given up 52 hits and 25 runs. Sale has walked 20 batters and struck out 104. The Red Sox continue to have a very good bullpen. Boston designated Hanley Rameriz and now they need to either trade him or release him. They made this move in order to make room on the roster for second baseman Dustin Pedroia, whom recently returned from the disabled list because of a knee injury. Last week's ranking: 2.
