Share
It's always great when a hallowed nameplate returns from the automotive afterlife. A recent report indicates the Dodge Viper may soon return from the dead, and that got us thinking about other cars we'd like to see get resurrected. The Toyota Supra and Land Rover Defender are among them, and Toyota and Land Rover have indicated that both vehicles will return. So here are 10 cars not slated to come back yet that we hope to see resurrected in the future. Automakers, make it happen.
Acura Integra Type R
Honda's luxury brand already answered many car enthusiasts' prayers by reviving the NSX supercar, an icon of the brand's 1990s heyday. But at the other end of the spectrum from the exotic first-generation NSX sat a much more humble, yet no less appealing machine.
The Integra was Acura's entry-level model, occupying a place in the lineup currently filled by the ILX. Like most Honda/Acura cars of its period, the Integra was blessed with excellent handling. The Type R turned up the heat with a 195-horsepower 1.8-liter four-cylinder engine that revved to 8,400 rpm.
Once considered just another cheap Japanese used car, the Type R is becoming a proper collector's item. One example was recently listed at close to $45,000. Given the original's popularity, and the fact that parent Honda is now importing the Civic Type R to the U.S., it seems like the perfect time for Acura to revive the Integra Type R.
Buick GNX
It's hard to believe that the brand that inflicted the 1984 Century upon the world also built muscle cars, let alone one as sinister looking as the GNX. Darth Vader's Buick marked a pivotal moment in the history of American performance cars.
By the 1980s, emissions and fuel economy concerns had more or less killed off the traditional American muscle car. But Buick was able to resuscitate it by using a turbocharged 3.8-liter V6 with electronic fuel injection in its Grand National in place of the thirsty carbureted V8s of old. The GNX was a one-year-only limited edition for 1987 — the last year of production. Just 547 of these 276-hp cars were made.
Buick is trying to break away from its traditional reputation for catering to the geriatric set, and has even dipped its toe into the performance pond with the Regal GS. But a powerful rear-wheel drive car like the GNX would really shake things up for General Motors' near-luxury brand, not to mention provide a platform that could be shared with a couple of our other resurrection candidates (read on).
Chevrolet El Camino
The El Camino isn't the first car-based pickup truck (rival Ford beat Chevy to the punch, originally developing the concept for Australia), but it's the one everyone remembers. There's something inexplicably cool about marrying the styling features of a car and a pickup, and that something has inspired numerous real-life builds and Photoshop projects. So why shouldn't Chevy bring back the real thing?
Chevy launched the El Camino in 1959, and the car-truck hybrid kept appearing in different guises until the 1980s, always based on an existing Chevy car platform. The El Camino and similar vehicles, like the rival Ford Ranchero, were always niche products in the U.S., but were immensely popular in Australia, where they are known as “utes.”
GM's decision to end Australian car production likely destroyed any chance of a new El Camino, but we can dream, can't we?
Chevrolet SS
Chevy may still make the Corvette and Camaro, but the SS sedan will be missed because it combined American muscle car performance with four-door practicality. Carrying the name (short for Super Sport) that denoted the sportiest Chevy models during the golden age of muscle cars, the SS should have been a sensation.
The muscle sedan was basically a rebadged Holden Commodore from GM's Australian division. It packed 415 hp courtesy of a 6.2-liter V8 engine and rear-wheel drive. You could even get it with a six-speed manual transmission. But sales were sluggish, and when GM discontinued Australian car production, the fate of the SS was sealed.
While the Dodge Charger also offers a big V8 and four doors at a relatively affordable price, it's not available with a manual transmission. Chevy also put more effort into the SS' handling, making the Bowtie sedan a more complete package. That's why we'd love to see it return.
Honda S2000
The S2000 was one of the best small sports cars ever. It looked great, it was fun and simple, and its four-cylinder engine (originally 2.0 liters, later increased to 2.2 liters) loved to rev. It's a reminder that Honda can make great performance cars that aren't based on the Civic.
Honda launched the S2000 for the 2000 model year, just as Japan's decade of dominating the auto industry was winding down. The S2000 was an example of Honda at its best. It was a car that delivered driving pleasure without too much technological interference, and was just as reliable and easy to use as a Civic or an Accord.
Rumors of an S2000 resurrection circulate regularly, testifying to the sports car's popularity. Many reports indicated that Honda planned to replace the S2000 with a mid-engined mini supercar, but that car turned out to be a concept designed for Gran Turismo Sport. It's unclear if Honda has any actual plans for a new S2000 at this time.
Lotus Esprit
British automaker Lotus seems to have few product plans other than endless permutations of its Evora, Elise, and Exige sports cars, but that won't keep the company around forever. It's inevitably planning an SUV, but a revival of one of Lotus' most iconic models could get it out of its rut.
The Lotus Esprit first appeared in 1976 and quickly gained fame as the car that transformed into a submarine in the James Bond movie The Spy Who Loved Me. In 1982, Lotus introduced a more powerful turbocharged version that took the Esprit into supercar territory. Lotus further upgraded the Esprit with a V8 engine before pulling the plug in 2004.
Lotus discussed building a new Esprit as part of what turned out to be an overly ambitious plan to launch a raft of new models around 2010. Whenever future Lotus plans are discussed today, the Esprit is almost always mentioned. We think it would be a great rival for the likes of the McLaren 720S, Ferrari 488 GTB, and Lamborghini Huracán.
Mazda RX-7
Even before Vin Diesel drove one in the first Fast & Furious movie, the RX-7 was an automotive icon. Its unusual rotary engine set it apart from other sports cars, and was likely a big factor in its demise.
A rotary engine (sometimes referred to as a Wankel, after inventor Felix Wankel) uses a rotating assembly instead of conventional cylinders. This allows the engine to be smaller and lighter than piston engines, and to rev very high. However, rotary engines typically return poor fuel economy and are known to consume a lot of oil. That's partly why Mazda hasn't built a rotary-powered car since discontinuing the RX-7's successor, the less-popular RX-8, in 2013.
Since that time, the stream of reports that Mazda is bringing back the rotary engine has not stopped. Concept cars like the stunning RX-Vision show there is still love for the rotary within Mazda. But the engine's inherent limitations may doom any efforts to return the RX-7 to showrooms. As it stands, Mazda has only confirmed it will build a new rotary engine to use as a range extender in an electric car.
Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution
The Subaru WRX STI and Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution formed one of the great modern performance car rivalries. But while the Subaru is still around, the Mitsubishi is no more.
Both cars were birthed by rally racing. In the 1990s, FIA World Rally Championship regulations required manufacturers to build production versions of their race cars in order to qualify them for competition. The Evolution (or “Evo” for short) was a humble Lancer sedan fortified with a powerful turbocharged engine and all-wheel drive. By the time it landed in the U.S. in 2003, it was in its eighth generation.
Mitsubishi's fortunes eventually faded, and the automaker chose to stop developing the Lancer in order to concentrate on the SUVs deemed more important to its bottom line. The Evo bowed out in 2015 with a special Final Edition model. Executives have hinted at a possible return, but the Evo may morph into an SUV, possibly with an electrified powertrain. We think Mitsubishi should make something happen, and stop letting Subaru have all of the fun.
Mitsubishi Montero
SUVs are overtaking sedans in popularity, and the Montero helped start that trend. It was one of the first SUVs that worked well as an everyday family vehicle. But unlike most of today's SUVs, it also had genuine off-road capability.
The Montero looked like it would fit in well on a military base, and could actually back those looks up with an old-school four-wheel drive system that allowed it to travel well beyond the school parking lot. Mitsubishi even raced modified versions in the perilous Dakar Rally. But as car-based crossovers emerged with superior refinement and fuel economy, traditional SUVs like the Montero fell out of favor.
Recent concepts like the GT-PHEV and GC-PHEV indicate Mitsubishi is toying with bringing back the Montero. Reviving the familiar nameplate could help the Japanese automaker pull out of its recent slump. At the same time, the Montero would help break up the current monotony of car-based crossovers.
Nissan 240SX
With the GT-R and 370Z, Nissan currently has two solid sports cars in its lineup. But why stop there? The 240SX was Nissan's affordable sports car throughout the 1980s and 1990s, and it would be great to see it resume that role today.
Thanks to its low price and rear-wheel drive platform, the 240SX is probably best known today as a popular canvas for tuners. Specifically, it's a darling of the drift scene, in much the same way as the 1932 Ford V8 was the foundation of early hot-rodding. While the 370Z and GT-R also get their share of tuner love, these cars are more expensive, limiting their appeal.
The success of the Subaru BRZ and Toyota 86 twins show that demand exists for small rear-wheel-drive coupes. Nissan toyed with the idea of building a competitor in the form of the retro IDx, but ultimately scrapped that plan. We think a revived 240SX would make a great affordable performance car.
NAIROBI, Kenya — Kenya's president says his government will spare no effort to recover all of the millions of dollars lost to a corruption scandal as diplomats representing 18 Western countries including the United States urge strong action against graft.
President Uhuru Kenyatta says “there will be no mercy for the thieves.”
Kenyatta spoke a day after 24 officials were charged with corruption-related offences in a probe linked to the alleged diversion of nearly $80 million.
The president, who won a second term last year, has been criticized for not acting against corrupt officials despite numerous vows to crack down.
In a statement, the diplomats urge strong political leadership and zero tolerance of corruption.
Kenya is ranked 143th out of 180 states by Transparency International
FARGO, N.D. — Easton Stick threw for three first-half touchdowns and ran for another in the second half and second-seeded North Dakota State rolled to a 42-10 win over seventh-seeded Wofford in the FCS quarterfinals on Saturday.
Bruce Anderson also ran for two scores in the first half for the Bison (12-1), who plays Sam Houston State in the semifinals next weekend at home.
Stick completed 9 of 10 passes in the first half for 157 yards with touchdowns to Connor Wentz (48 yards), Seth Wilson (18 yards) and Jeff Illies (4 yards).
The Bison piled up 265 yards and held Wofford to 95 with just four first downs, two coming on fourth down conversions. The Terriers got a field goal on their initial possession and a touchdown after a fumble recovery gave them a short field.
Stick's 7-yard run accounted for the only points in the second half.
NDSU, which won five-straight titles before losing to eventual champion James Madison in the semifinals last year, piled up 261 yards on the ground and 464 yards of total offence. While the Bison were seven yards shy of their season average on the ground, they held the Terriers (10-3) to 134, 120 below their average.
Wofford ended up with eight first downs and 177 yards, going 1 of 12 on third down.
NEW ROCHELLE, N.Y. — Roland Griffin scored 18 of 20 points after halftime and finished with nine rebounds, Rickey McGill had 17 points, seven rebounds and eight assists and Iona beat Quinnipiac 87-82 in double overtime on Friday night.
Schadrac Casimir added 14 points and Deyshonee Much scored 11 for Iona (14-9, 8-3 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference).
Neither team scored in the second overtime until McGill hit E.J. Crawford for a layup with 1:50 to play and the Gaels led the rest of the way. Quinnipiac missed 7 of 8 from the field and hit just 1 of 4 free throws in the period.
McGill made two free throws to give Iona a seven-point lead with 54 seconds left in regulation, but the Bobcats used a 9-2 run — including Cameron Young's 3-pointer with four seconds to go — to make it 69-all and force overtime.
Jacob Rigoni and Young each hit a 3-pointer as Quinnipiac opened OT on an 8-2 run, but Much tied it with a 3-pointer and then made a layup to give the Gaels a 79-77 lead with 29 seconds left in the period. Chaise Daniels' layup 23 seconds later forced the second overtime.
Young had a career-high 31 points and 11 rebounds for Quinnipiac (9-14, 6-5). Rigoni scored 16, including four 3-pointers, and Daniels added 15.
By Thupeyo Muleya
Police have arrested over 1 600 people at Beitbridge Border Post in an ongoing operation to restore sanity at Sadc's busiest inland port of entry. Matabeleland South acting police spokesperson, Assistant Inspector Loveness Mangena confirmed the arrests yesterday.
She said 1 500 people were arrested for illegal immigration, either those entering or leaving the country, 67 were arrested for touting and 100 for loitering.
“These were arrested in an ongoing operation between 4 and 10 December. We have noticed that there are people who want to take advantage of the festive season and do as they please at the border.
“As police we won't stand aloof and give them a free reign. The border clean-up exercise is continuous, until people start abiding by the laws of the land,” she said.
Asst Insp Mangena said some of the suspects will appear in court in due course.
She warned members of the public against engaging third parties and dealers within the border, who in most cases end up duping them.
“We will not rest until the border is clean. Let those engaged or planning to execute criminal activities know that their days are numbered,” said Asst Insp Mangena.
In a related incident South Africa's department of immigration intercepted a vehicle that was transporting 16 undocumented children to that country.
Sources at the border said the immigrants were aged between four and 17 years.
“The driver of the South Africa registered Toyota Hilux is still detained on that country's side of the border,” said a border official. The Chronicle
Middle Belt youths dissociate region from Igbo quit notice
By Nkiruka Nnorom
Middle belt youths have condemned the recent quit notice issued Igbo living in the North by Arewa Youth Consultative Forum, saying Igbo, just like other Nigerians, have the right to live in any part of the country.
The youths, acting on the platform of All Middle Belt Youth Forum, AMBYF, said in a statement by the National Leader, Mr. Aluh Moses, and the National Secretary, Mr. Andzayi Jonathan, that the entire Middle Belt region was not part of the act.
According to the statement, “we condemn, in very strong terms, the so-called Kaduna Declaration by northern youths' coalition in its entirety, as it is a deliberate act of driving wedge between northerners and easterners.
“That the Middle Belt region is not part of the northern region. Hence, the Middle Belt Youth Forum distances itself and the entire Middle Belt region from such obnoxious declaration.”
They urged the northern youths to retract the declaration in the interest of peace and security.
The post Middle Belt youths dissociate region from Igbo quit notice appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Liz Bowyer, global co-head of brand and content strategy at Goldman Sachs and head of “Talks at GS,” said the bank is keen to hear from people about topics that go beyond business and include gender, race and climate change.
“Politics is highly polarizing and we do have political speakers occasionally, but we want people from across different fields,” Bowyer said.
Controversial topics, however, are not entirely on the outs. Numerous talent executives told NBC News that there has been a clamoring for women connected to the "Me Too" movement and a sharp turn towards speakers who can talk about diversity.
Epstein said that women involved in Me Too are in demand as are women who broke the through the “glass ceiling.” Jodi Kantor, one of the New York Times journalists who did some of the first reporting on sexual harassment allegations against Harvey Weinstein, is one of the most popular speakers on the circuit at the moment, Epstein added.
Diversity of speakers has also become a major factor. Peter Jacobs, head of the speaker department at talent firm Creative Artists Agency, said there has been a distinct effort in the speaker circuit to avoid contentious topics while also making sure more groups are represented.
“The corporate marketplace is steering away from controversy,” Jacobs said. “A huge trend in our business is for diverse speakers.”
Jacobs said that companies are trying to learn about changing demographics and are looking for help understanding what they should be doing. Among CAA's in-demand speakers are Shiza Shahid, the co-founder of the Malala Fund, producer and actress Viola Davis, and actor Will Smith.
Some politicians remain hot on the booking circuit, particularly for college commencements. Former presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton, spoke to graduates from at Yale University earlier this week, and former U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson gave a commencement address at the Virginia Military Institute this month. Arizona Senator Jeff Flake addressed Harvard Law School graduates.
Notably, all three speakers made negative allusions to Trump.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting himself and his state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting himself and his state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson says he's hopeful the U.S. Supreme Court will allow the executions of two inmates to proceed, saying the victims' families have waited too long for justice.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson says he's hopeful the U.S. Supreme Court will allow the executions of two inmates to proceed, saying the victims' families have waited too long for justice.
(Arkansas Department of Correction, via AP, File). FILE - This 2013 file photo provided by the Arkansas Department of Correction shows Don William Davis, who has been scheduled for execution Monday, April 17, 2017.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
(Stephen B. Thornton/The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP). People gather at a rally opposing the state's upcoming executions, on the front steps of Arkansas' Capitol, Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark.
(Sherry Simon via AP). This photo provided by Sherry Simon shows Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen taking part of an anti-death penalty demonstration outside the Governor's Mansion Friday, April 14, 2017 in Little Rock, Ark.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
By ANDREW DeMILLO and SEAN MURPHYAssociated Press
VARNER, Ark. (AP) - Arkansas raced against the clock to get U.S. Supreme Court approval to execute a convicted killer Monday but backed off putting another inmate to death as part of what had been a plan to carry out double executions on four nights before the state's supply of a lethal injection drug expires.
In a chaotic day of legal wrangling, state and federal courts finally lifted the two primary obstacles Arkansas faced to carrying out its first executions since 2005 but another hurdle remained before the Supreme Court.
The decisions from the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and the state Supreme Court were over the series of planned lethal injections that, if carried out, would mark the most inmates put to death by a state in such a short period since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976.
The state was rushing to get approval to execute convicted killer Don Davis before his death warrant was expected to expire at midnight. Davis and Bruce Ward were set to be executed Monday night and had been granted stays by the state Supreme Court. The state decided not to challenge the stay for Ward but the U.S. Supreme Court had not yet decided whether to allow Davis to be put to death.
The state scheduled the executions to occur before its supply of midazolam expires at the end of the month, and Arkansas has not found a new supplier of the lethal injection drug.
"Allowing (Davis') stay to stand will effectively prevent Arkansas from seeing justice done," Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said in a petition to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Separately, a federal appeals court overturned U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker's decision to halt the executions over the use of midazolam, which has been used in flawed executions in other states, but the Arkansas Supreme Court's stays remain in place.
A little over an hour later, the state Supreme Court lifted a judge's ruling that had effectively blocked the executions by prohibiting the state from using its supply of vecuronium bromide, one of the other lethal injection drugs. A medical supply company said it was misled by the state and that the drug was sold for medical purposes, not executions.
The state Supreme Court voted 4-3 to grant stays for Davis and Ward. The inmates wanted stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a separate case concerning access to independent mental health experts by defendants. The U.S. high court is set to hold oral arguments on that request April 24.
Three Arkansas justices dissented, with Associate Justice Shawn Womack writing that Ward and Davis "had their day in court, the jury spoke, and decades of appeals have occurred. The families are entitled to closure and finality of the law."
The inmates' attorneys argued that their clients were denied access to independent mental health experts, saying Ward has a lifelong history of severe mental illness and that Davis has an IQ in the range of intellectual disability.
Attorney General Leslie Rutledge's office said she was only appealing Davis' stay to the U.S. Supreme Court, noting that Ward has two stays from the state high court. Five U.S. Supreme Court justices must vote to vacate an execution stay, and Monday marked the first day the U.S. Supreme Court was in session with new Justice Neil Gorsuch on the bench.
"This decision was not unanimous and the dissenting opinions reflect the harm the delays cause the families of the victims and it also expresses my frustration in the continued delayed justice," Gov. Asa Hutchinson, who set the execution dates, said in a statement.
The death warrants for Davis and Ward expire at midnight, and it was not clear whether Hutchinson would immediately set new dates for the men.
The Arkansas high court already had issued one stay for Ward after a Jefferson County judge said she didn't have the authority to halt Ward's execution. Ward's attorneys have argued he is a diagnosed schizophrenic with no rational understanding of his impending execution.
The back-and-forth with the courts came as the state seeks to execute eight prisoners before its supply of the sedative midazolam expires at the end of the month. If court proceedings are pushed into May, Arkansas won't be able to carry out the executions with the drugs it has on hand.
The state was still moving forward with plans to conduct the Monday night executions in the event that all stays were lifted, with Davis being served his last meal of fried chicken, rolls, beans, mashed potatoes and strawberry cake.
The eight inmates also asked the U.S. Supreme Court for a stay until the high court rules on their request to reconsider whether to weigh in a state court decision upholding Arkansas' lethal injection law.
It's unclear whether the state may face additional challenges over its execution drugs. McKesson, the supplier that sued Arkansas to try and block the use of the vecuronium bromide, asked to drop its case after Baker's order but has left open the possibility it may refile its lawsuit if executions move forward.
Meanwhile, the Arkansas Supreme Court also barred a state judge who blocked the multiple execution plan from taking up any death penalty related cases after he participated in a protest where he appeared to mimic a death row inmate about to receive a lethal injection. Justices reassigned any death penalty cases from Pulaski County Circuit Court Judge Wendell Griffen, who banned the state from using the vecuronium bromide obtained. After issuing the order, Griffen participated in an anti-death penalty demonstration where he was strapped to a cot. The high court asked a disciplinary panel to consider whether Griffen violated the code of conduct for judges.
___
DeMillo reported from Little Rock. Associated Press writers Jill Bleed in Little Rock and Kelly P. Kissel in Varner contributed to this report.
___
Follow Sean Murphy on Twitter at www.twitter.com/apseanmurphy and Andrew DeMillo at www.twitter.com/ademillo .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
“Britain could stay in EU, but only on poorer terms”: Verhofstadt
Britain is welcome to change its mind and stay in the European Union, but it should not expect to keep getting its EU budget rebates or complex opt-outs from EU rules, the European Parliament's Brexit coordinator said on Wednesday. “On Tuesday, Emmanuel Macron, the new French president, spoke about an open door. That if Britain…
The post “Britain could stay in EU, but only on poorer terms”: Verhofstadt appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Naira gains 54 kobos at investors window – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CHICAGO — Brett Anderson already owns two quality starts this season, and the Chicago Cubs left-hander has allowed just one earned run for a glittering 0.84 ERA.
Manager Joe Maddon thinks even better days are ahead for his new starter.
“From spring training to now, his stuff keeps getting better,” Maddon said on Monday prior to the opener of the Cubs' three-game series with the Brewers, a 6-3 Milwaukee win. “I don't think he's really put it together here yet for us. You haven't see him with all cylinders clicking. I like the fact that he's been competing with less than his best stuff to this point.”
Anderson (1-0) makes his third start of the season Tuesday night against Brewers right-hander Jimmy Nelson (1-0, 1.38 ERA) in the series' middle game.
A nine-year veteran who signed a free agent deal with the Cubs in the offseason, Anderson previously pitched for the Oakland A's and the Colorado Rockies, and he most recently spent two seasons with the Los Angeles Dodgers. He is 39-43 with a 3.81 ERA over 117 big league starts.
Anderson missed most of last season due to a back injury and subsequent surgery, making only four starts.
He faced the Brewers in his 2017 debut on April 7, tossing 5 2/3 innings of one-run ball during a no-decision. Last Thursday against the Dodgers, he threw five scoreless innings in a 4-0 Cubs win.
The Tuesday start will be his third all-time against Milwaukee. He has a 2.82 ERA in two no-decisions.
“When you see like an overabundance of ground-ball outs and he's probably pitching easily into the sixth inning, you know that he's pretty much on that day,” Maddon said. “And I really anticipate seeing that more often.”
As for Anderson's mound opponent Tuesday, Brewers manager Craig Counsell believes there is one big difference for Nelson this year.
“The big thing in both of his starts is you can go right to the walk column,” Counsell said Monday. “He's got two walks to start the season. That was a little bit of an Achilles' heel for him last year, and it's a sign that he has not beat himself at all and made guys earn it.
“That's where it starts for me with Jimmy.”
Nelson made his first start on April 7 vs. the Cubs and had no decision in the Brewers' 2-1, 11-inning victory.
Last Thursday, he allowed one run on seven hits over seven innings in Milwaukee's 5-1 win over the Reds.
Nelson is 1-6 all-time against the Cubs with a 3.49 ERA in 13 career games, including 11 starts. He is 1-3 with a 4.35 ERA in six games (five starts) at Wrigley Field.
Following summer-like weather last weekend, colder conditions settled back into Wrigley Field on Monday. There was a game-time temperature of 45 degrees and a wind blowing in from the north that made it feel like 37.
“I like when it plays bigger (with colder weather) as opposed to smaller,” Maddon said.
Maddon will continue to get his wish as colder conditions are expected to persist through the series' final two games, though the weather didn't cool the Brewers' bats on Monday. Eric Thames, Jett Bandy and Ryan Braun homered as Milwaukee broke a tie with the New York Mets to take the major league lead in home runs with 25.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
AUGUSTA, Maine — The Latest on the Maine's shutdown of a state prison (all times local):
3:40 p.m.
——
Republican Gov. Paul LePage says he'll comply with a court order by adding a “minimal” number of staffers and inmates to a state prison he shuttered without legislative approval.
LePage said Monday that the Maine Department of Corrections plans to take such steps by the week's end. The governor said he met with Department of Corrections Commissioner Joseph Fitpatrick, who plans to continue plans to close the facility when its funding expires in June.
But a lawyer for laid-off prison workers says the governor's plans are too vague. Attorney David Webbert says he expects to be back in court soon to demand the governor fully comply with the court order.
Superior Court Justice Michaela Murphy ruled that LePage didn't have authority to shutter the prison, but she stopped short of ordering all of the inmates to be returned.
——
2:33 p.m.
A lawyer for laid-off prison workers is growing impatient over the governor's delayed response to a judge's conclusion that he lacked authority to empty a prison in eastern Maine.
The governor was supposed to meet with Corrections Commissioner Joseph Fitzpatrick Monday to discuss the ruling and the next step.
But attorney David Webbert says the administration shouldn't have waited to discuss the order, which became public on Thursday.
He said he's going back to court if the Downeast Correctional Facility isn't reopened immediately.
Superior Court Justice Michaela Murphy ruled that LePage didn't have authority to shutter the prison, but she stopped short of ordering all of the inmates to be returned.
She left it up to the Department of Corrections to determine staffing and the number of inmates.
—-
This story has been corrected to show the ruling became public on Thursday, not Friday.
NASHVILLE — Automotive supplier Denso announced plans Friday to invest $1 billion and create more than 1,000 new jobs in its main Tennessee facility to meet growing demand for electric vehicle parts.
The investment is aimed at making the Maryville plant the Japanese company's primary manufacturer in North American for electrification and safety systems, the company said.
“This is an investment in the future of Denso, and also the future of transportation,” Kenichiro Ito, the chairman of Denso North America, said in a statement. “We are seeing dramatic shifts in the role of transportation in society, and this investment will help position us to meet those changing demands.”
The company plans to expand several production lines to produce advanced components for hybrid and electric vehicles. The products are designed to improve fuel efficiency and preserve electric power by recovering and recycling energy. They also will boost efficiency for the entire vehicle by anticipating road conditions through data collected inside and outside the car.
The expansion in Maryville comes atop a $400 million investment that the company announced in 2015 to consolidate its warehouse operations, a move intended at the time to add 500 jobs.
Denso opened the plant in Maryville in 1988 with about 100 employees. U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander, then governor, has said the facility in his hometown was a sort of consolation prize after Tennessee lost out to Kentucky for a Toyota assembly plant. Today about 3,200 people work at the Maryville plant, besides another 1,400 employees at another Denso facility in nearby Athens, Tennessee.
The announcement comes as Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam prepares to embark on a trade mission to Asia that will include a pitch seeking to attract a new joint Toyota and Mazda assembly plant to his Southern state.
The Japanese automakers announced in August that they plan to spend $1.6 billion on the new manufacturing plant, creating up to 4,000 jobs. The companies plan to work together on advanced auto technology, such as electric vehicles, safety features and connected cars, as well as products that they could supply each other.
Tennessee is home to assembly plants by Nissan, General Motors and Volkswagen, along with a slew of suppliers. The state has been prepping a sprawling site outside of Memphis in hopes of attracting another auto manufacturing plant.
“We would love to get the Mazda-Toyota plant,” Haslam told reporters Thursday. “We think we have leg up in automobile manufacturing because we're so strong in it now, and there is a sense in which there's a real desire to locate near other suppliers.”
MIAMI (AP) — The NBA draft lottery is in May, the draft happens in June and free agency arrives in July.
The Miami Heat aren't hurrying toward any of them.
Changing from the normal end-of-season schedule, the Heat have told players — whether they're about to become free agents or not — that they're welcome to stick around and keep working over the coming weeks. So while Monday was the start of the traditional exit meetings with coach Erik Spoelstra and team officials, it wasn't a true parting of ways for the offseason.
“It's cleanup day, not clean-out day,” Spoelstra said. “Lockers are still going to be there. We want our guys to still feel at home here. Free agency is going to happen. A lot of our players are going to have free-agent possibilities or opportunities in July. But that's July.”
Erik Spoelstra says Monday was a “clean up, not clean out” day for @MiamiHeat players and that their lockers will remain their lockers. #NBA pic.twitter.com/5KTvjGFeGr — FOX Sports Florida (@FOXSportsFL) April 17, 2017
So the nameplates will stay on the lockers, the practice gear won't get packed up for the summer and sneakers aren't being shipped to offseason homes quite yet. While a few players are in the midst of finalizing offseason plans out of town — point guard Goran Dragic is returning to his native Slovenia and will play for his national team this summer — some are already thinking about getting back to work.
“Why not? It's Miami,” shooting guard Dion Waiters said. “What other place is better than this in the summertime? I think it's great that guys should stick around and take advantage of it while you're here. … I'm going to be around.”
Waiters took a $2.9 million deal for this season, saying it was a bet on himself — and it's likely going to pay off, after Miami went 27-19 with him in the lineup. Free-agent-in-waiting James Johnson is also likely going to get a huge raise after the best season, by far, of his career. Luke Babbitt will be another free agent and Wayne Ellington has a team option.
Some changes are coming, though if this core of Heat players had its way the team wouldn't look much different next fall. Dragic said the team that went 30-11 in the second half of this season, if healthy, could make a run at big things next season.
W/ the season over, @MiamiHeat coach Erik Spoelstra has allowed himself to delve into the “What If” of Justise Winslow's shortened season. pic.twitter.com/DLUCLK5uHD — FOX Sports Florida (@FOXSportsFL) April 17, 2017
“They know we want them back,” Dragic said. “They are a big part of this team. Everybody's so close, it's going to be hard for them to choose some other team, too. Hopefully they stay.”
Not making the playoffs was clearly painful, though some said things began returning to normal over the weekend. NBA rebounding champion Hassan Whiteside went over to Tyler Johnson's house for some visiting and snapchatting, players and coaches donned bunny ears at an end-of-season team party — it was Easter weekend — and a few even watched some playoff games.
There isn't a lot of looking ahead, at least for now.
“There's a long way until this summer,” Spoelstra said. “It's OK to still reflect and embrace how unique this season was. I think so often all of us fall prey to `what's next' and `what is the future' and you're not able to enjoy and be present. You miss a lot of great things.”
Ellington said he's thinking he will be back with the Heat, and Waiters — while cautioning that he can't predict the future — indicated that he's already thinking about staying with Miami.
“It was a blessing, man. Truly a blessing,” Waiters said. “But we're just getting started. It's only the beginning. It's only the beginning.”
If so, most of those lockers won't need to be cleaned out for quite some time.
Share
The LG G7 ThinQ isn't even out yet, but LG is already taking the wraps off its next phone, LG V35 ThinQ. Being stablemates, these two phones have a lot in common, with powerful hardware, huge screens, and LG's A.I. smarts. But when it comes down to the real nitty-gritty, which of these two should you be spending your hard-earned dollars on? We put them head-to-head in a specs comparison.
Specs
LG V35 ThinQ LG G7 ThinQ Size 151.6 x 75.4 x 7.4 mm (5.97 x 2.97 x 0.29 inches) 153.2 x 71.9 x 7.9 mm (6.03 x 2.83 x 0.31 inches) Weight 158 grams (5.57 ounces) 162 grams (5.71 ounces) Screen size 6-inch OLED 6.1-inch IPS LCD Screen resolution 2,880 x 1,440 pixels (537 pixels per inch) 3,120 x 1,440 pixels (564 pixels per inch) Operating system Android 8.0 Oreo Android 8.0 Oreo Storage space 64GB
64GB, 128GB MicroSD card slot Yes, up to 2TB Yes, up to 2TB Tap-to-pay services Google Pay, LG Pay (in South Korea only) Google Pay, LG Pay (in South Korea only) Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 RAM 6GB 4GB, 6GB Camera Dual 16MP (with OIS) and 16MP wide-angle rear, 8MP front Dual 16MP (with OIS) and 16MP wide-angle rear, 8MP front Video Up to 4K at 30 frames per second, 720p at 240 fps Up to 4K at 30 frames per second, 720p at 240 fps Bluetooth version Bluetooth 5.0 Bluetooth 5.0 Ports 3.5mm headphone jack, USB-C 3.5mm headphone jack, USB-C Fingerprint sensor Yes Yes Water resistance IP68 IP68 Battery 3,300mAh QuickCharge 3.0 Qi wireless charging 3,000mAh QuickCharge 3.0 (4.0 with adapter not included) Qi wireless charging App marketplace Google Play Store Google Play Store Network support AT&T, Project Fi T-Mobile, Verizon, Sprint Colors Aurora Black, Platinum Gray Aurora Black, Platinum Gray, Raspberry Rose, and Moroccan Blue Price $900 $750 Buy from AT&T, Project Fi Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint Review score Hands-on review 3.5 out of 5 stars
Performance, battery life, and charging
You're likely to not see much of a difference between these two models when it comes down to performance, as both are using the latest Snapdragon 845 processor. It's an exceptionally powerful chip, and most phones we've tested with it have proven to be lightning fast, with no issues handling even the most demanding games. We haven't had a chance to fully test the LG V35 ThinQ yet, but we expect it to perform extremely well. The G7 comes with 4GB RAM with the base model, but the V35 ups it to 6GB of RAM.
We were slightly disappointed with the size of the G7's battery on launch, but the 3,000mAh capacity proved capable enough to last a little more than a day. Again, we haven't tested the V35 ThinQ properly yet, but we reckon the slightly larger battery size and OLED display should mean it's a slightly stronger performer in battery life. Charging-wise, you can plunk either of these down on a Qi wireless charger, or connect with a USB Type-C charging cable for superfast QuickCharge 3.0 recharging.
There's a lot that's similar between these two phones, but the larger battery capacity and the extra RAM on the V35 ThinQ push it ahead. It wins this round.
Winner: LG V35 ThinQ
Design and durability
There's a lot to like on the LG G7 ThinQ, but design isn't necessarily high on the list. It's not a bad style — the notched display and bezel-less design marks it firmly as a 2018 flagship — but it simply doesn't do enough to differentiate itself in terms of its looks. The V35 ThinQ is a little more uniform on the front, because there's no notch, but since it's a design we've already seen on the V30S and the V30, it's hardly exciting.
Both phones feel very light in the hand, which lends an air of cheapness — not something you want to feel in a premium flagship. We don't recommend dropping either of these phones, thanks to the large amount of glass used on both. Get a case for either one and your peace of mind will improve. Surprisingly, the G7 will be slightly more durable because it uses Gorilla Glass 5 on the front and back, as opposed to Gorilla Glass 4 on the V35. Both phones fare better in terms of water and dust-resistance, thanks their IP68-ratings. That should mean both of them can take a trip down the toilet or into the bath and come out mostly unscathed (though we don't recommend testing that).
One other big difference is the power button. The V35 uses the fingerprint sensor as the power button, but the LG G7 adds a new power button on the right edge of the phone.
The LG G7 ThinQ is slightly more durable than the V35, and we think its design is at least a little more interesting. It takes the win.
Winner: LG G7 ThinQ
Display
We hope you like big screens, because both of these phones come with huge displays, thanks to bezel-less designs and extended aspect ratios. The G7 ThinQ comes with the larger screen, sporting a 6.1-inch Super LCD screen with a 3,120 x 1,440 resolution, and delivering a super-sharp 564 pixels per inch (ppi). The V35 ThinQ has a smaller 6-inch screen and a smaller ppi of 537, but with a resolution of 2,880 x 1,440 pixels, it's likely tough to notice a difference.
There is a difference between the types of screens used. While the G7 ThinQ uses a Super LCD screen, the V35 ThinQ is rocking an OLED screen, with all the advantages that screen tech delivers. The Super LCD on the G7 ThinQ looks great, but it can't offer inky blacks like an OLED display. The G7 does have a trick up its sleeve: Super Bright Mode. Tap a button on the brightness slider and the screen will hit 1,000 nits — plenty of brightness to see the display outdoors in daylight. It only lasts 3 minutes, but it makes the screen far easier to read than an OLED outdoors.
The notch design on the G7 is a point of contention. You can turn it off via software in the settings, but you won't have to deal with this problem at all on the V35.
There are advantages and disadvantages to both screens. While we love OLED displays, the Super Bright Mode is certainly handy outdoors, and the sharper screen helps,too. This round's a tie.
Winner: Tie
Camera
We haven't had much chance to test out the LG V35 ThinQ's camera yet, but it has the exact same camera we saw in the LG G7 ThinQ. Both phones' camera suites are comprised of two 16MP lenses on the back — one standard, one wide-angle. These cameras are quite capable, with the wide-angle delivering some rather spectacular shots on occasion — but it's when the lights go down that performance really takes a hit. Despite LG's Super Bright mode, the G7 ThinQ just doesn't deliver in low-light situations — and based on the numbers, the V35 ThinQ will probably suffer from the same issue.
The V35 ThinQ will also come with the same A.I.-powered camera smarts that will change your settings based on what's in frame, 4K video recording, and a 240 fps slow-motion video mode. There's nothing different here, so this category is a tie.
Winner: Tie
Software and updates
It'll likely come as no surprise to anyone that you'll find much the same versions of Android 8.0 Oreo on both of these LG flagships. It's not stock Android and both have a couple of LG's pre-installed apps, but there are plenty of settings to help you customize the phone to your liking.
In terms of updates, as flagships, we expect these two will get a good few years of updates from LG, and will most likely be updated to Android P. Judging by past performance, you can expect the LG V35 ThinQ to get an update before the G7 ThinQ, but there's unlikely to be a huge difference between the two. This is a tie.
Winner: Tie
Special features
We're seeing more and more A.I. integration in the market, and LG's products are no stranger to A.I. smarts. The “ThinQ” name indicates an entry into LG's A.I.-assisted world, and that means that both the LG G7 ThinQ and V35 ThinQ will be able to talk to any of LG's other ThinQ-branded products. But it doesn't end there (thankfully), as LG has ramped up integration of the Google Assistant. The G7 ThinQ comes with a dedicated button that can be used to talk to the Google Assistant without having to say a hot word — similar to how the Bixby button works on Samsung phones. The V35 ThinQ doesn't have a button, but like the G7, you can ask Google Assistant to complete specific phone-related tasks.
The BoomBox speaker was one of the more impressive parts of the G7 ThinQ, using the inside of the phone as an echo chamber to enhance sound quality. The V35 ThinQ doesn't have this specific feature, but it does have got a Quad DAC and DTS-X Virtual Surround Sound like the G7.
Winner: LG G7 ThinQ
Price
The LG G7 ThinQ is currently available for pre-order, and will ship June 1, with prices starting from $750. It will be available on all carriers except for AT&T. Pre-orders for the LG V35 ThinQ will start June 1, with the phone shipping June 8. It will cost $900, and it will be sold exclusively on AT&T and Google's Project Fi network.
Overall winner: LG G7 ThinQ
The LG V35 ThinQ may be the company's latest phone, but we think the G7 ThinQ is worth the money. It has a slightly flashier design, and handy features like the Super Bright Screen, a dedicated Google Assistant button, and the Boombox speaker. But if you hate the notch, the more expensive V35 might be the phone for you if you're on AT&T or Project Fi. The V35 does have a bigger battery, an OLED screen, and more RAM.
A longtime Associated Press writer and editor in New York who helped shape the news service's coverage of stories from terror attacks to the evolving landscape of aging has died. Jim Fitzgerald was 66.
His wife, Ellen Nimmons, a manager at the AP's headquarters, says he died Monday at a hospital after fighting leukemia for more than a year and a half.
Fitzgerald worked at the AP for 45 years. His career included covering New York City's northern suburbs and editing local and national stories.
Fitzgerald was known for handling the news with a can-do demeanor, professionalism and gentlemanly grace.
In 2014, the New York journalism organization Society of the Silurians honored him with its Peter Kihss Award, which recognizes distinguished reporters who mentor younger colleagues.
___
This story has been corrected to show he worked at AP for 45 years, not 43 years.
A bicyclist who claims he was hurt in last week's deadly bridge collapse in Miami filed the first civil lawsuit Monday in the case, accusing builders of reckless negligence.
Marquise Hepburn, 24, is suing various design and engineering companies involved, including Munilla Construction Management and partner FIGG Bridge Engineers.
Hepburn was biking to work Thursday afternoon just as the 950-ton span buckled onto busy Southwest Eighth Street, his attorney, Matt Morgan, said at a news conference. A car veered into Hepburn's path to avoid being entrapped, he added, knocking him off of his bicycle and leaving him caught amid the rubble.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Victims of the Florida bridge collapse have been identified 2:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Morgan did not detail Hepburn's injuries, but said he was hospitalized and is now on a variety of medication.
"He remains in a bad way and he's recovering," Morgan said.
Hepburn is seeking damages in excess of $15,000, although Morgan estimated lawsuits could top $1 billion in claims.
This initial suit in Miami-Dade Circuit Court comes as investigators work to unravel what caused the tragedy — and follows the revelation that a FIGG engineer working on the bridge warned state officials two days earlier that he had seen cracks in the concrete structure.
The warning was left in a voicemail that was only heard Friday because the recipient of the call had been out of the office on assignment, the Florida Department of Transportation said.
Related: Police believe all victims found in Florida bridge collapse
MCM and FIGG did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the lawsuit, but have previously said they are working with investigators.
Six people died and eight people were injured in the collapse, according to officials.
Morgan said his client's case hinges on what officials knew about the span's integrity and "why were vehicles allowed to travel underneath that bridge if the bridge might have been in a vulnerable state?"
The section of walkway was dropped into place March 10, but wasn't scheduled to open until 2019, when it would have connected Florida International University with the town of Sweetwater.
The university did not design or build the bridge, but awarded the contract as part of a federal transportation grant.
Recovery operations continue Saturday morning, March 17, 2018, at the site of the Florida International University-Sweetwater University bridge in the Miami area that collapsed during construction earlier in the week. Pedro Portal / Miami Herald via AP
The 174-foot-long section was part of a larger bridge being built that was designed to withstand hurricane-force winds. The method of "accelerated bridge construction" that was being used is considered innovative because it allows a bridge to be assembled on site in a short amount of time with minimal traffic disruption.
Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., told "Meet the Press" on Sunday that the National Transportation Safety Board is testing the salvaged concrete as part of its investigation. He said he couldn't confirm earlier reports that workers were specifically "stress testing" the span at the time of the collapse.
"What we do know is that there was work ongoing. There are these rods that go inside [the bridge], they're like cables, and they were being tightened," Rubio said.
"Whether the work was the cause of it or not remains to be seen," he added.
Students from FIU held a moment of silence Monday afternoon for the six victims. Among those killed was 18-year-old FIU student Alexa Duran, whose uncle has demanded accountability.
"I want people to step up and say, 'Hey, I was the one responsible,'" said Joe Smitha, according to NBC Miami. "Come out of the shadows. Where are you people? This was a colossal failure of the system and this was complete incompetence from the top down."
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
The minute a beach vacation, a high school reunion or a friend's wedding pops up on the calendar, we immediately wage war on carbohydrates.
No bagels
No pasta.
Definitely no potatoes.
But is banishing carbs really the best plan of attack to slim down, tone up and feel your best? Not to mention, where do carbs come into play when it comes to our overall health? And why have they become the scapegoat for our muffin top?
“People love to say things like ‘I am on a low-carb diet' or ‘I'm not eating carbs right now.' Typically, they're referring to pasta and bread, but what many don't know is that dairy, fruit and vegetables have naturally occurring carbohydrates!” says Courtney Ferreira, RD, owner of Real Food Court nutrition consulting. “If you are eating broccoli, you are eating carbs.”
So before you ban every carbohydrate from the menu — know the facts.
Carbohydrates are a actually a macronutrient (along with protein and fat) and they play a very vital role to your overall health, productivity and yes, your weight-loss success.
“It's really important for people to understand that the body's preferred source of fuel for most everyday activity is carbohydrate. And your brain and red blood cells rely on carbohydrate almost exclusively for fuel,” says Susan Bowerman, MS, RD, CSSD, director of Worldwide Nutrition Education and Training at Herbalife Nutrition. “So following a very low-carbohydrate diet can really shortchange your physical and mental performance; you cut down (or out) so many healthy foods … and that limits your intake of many important vitamins, minerals, phytonutrients and fiber that are critically important to good health.”
The Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend that 45 to 65 percent of the calories we eat come from carbs. Since it makes up such a large chunk of our diet, it's worth it to school yourself on the myths that are misinforming how you consume this important nutrient.
MYTH: Banning carbs means giving up bread and pasta
Fact: Yes … but it would also mean nixing fruits, vegetables and whole grains
Yes, that plate of steamed veggies you ate for lunch contained carbs.
“Carbohydrates vary widely in terms of their nutrient density, so everything from a green bean, which is a good source of fiber, protein [and other vitamins and minerals] to a slice of white bread, which does not offer much other than carbohydrates, is considered a carbohydrate,” says Pegah Jalali, MS, RD, CDN, an NYC-based pediatric dietitian.
Instead of saying, ‘I can't eat that,' ask, what is a source of carbs that will provide me with more nutrition? Instead of saying, ‘I can't eat that,' ask, what is a source of carbs that will provide me with more nutrition?
She recommends that people move away from the obsession with banning all carbs and focus on the types of food they're eating. “If you are eating mostly fruits and vegetables, then it is fine if your diet is high in carbohydrates,” says Jalali. “On the flip side, if your diet is high in carbohydrates, but you are eating mostly processed foods like packaged breads, cookies and chips then that is a completely different diet.”
Ferreira advises her clients to think about the different foods that contain carbohydrates on a spectrum. On one side are the foods you can eat in unlimited quantities — nutrient-dense, fiber-rich and whole-food carb sources like green veggies and fruit. Towards the middle are nutrient-dense, but also carbohydrate-dense, foods such as white potatoes, that should be balanced out with those at the ‘eat as much as you can' end, she says. On the other end of the spectrum are foods like breads and pasta. "While these still have a place in the diet, they require balancing out in order to create a diet that provides nutrients we need," says Ferreira "I really urge people to start looking at carbs in this new way. Instead of saying, ‘I can't eat that,' [ask] what is a source of carbs that will provide me with more nutrition?”
Myth: All carbs are created equal
Fact: There are simple and complex carbohydrates
“The main reason [carbs get a bad rap] is that when people think ‘carbs' they think ‘starch', like white rice, pasta, potatoes or white bread,” says Bowerman. “While many refined carbs don't offer up much nutritionally, there are lots of ‘good carbs' — healthy foods that provide carbohydrates your body absolutely needs every day to function properly.”
In actuality there are three types of carbohydrates: fiber, sugar and starch. Where things get confusing is when we look at specific foods, which can contain different types of carbohydrates. They can either be labeled simple or complex based on their chemical makeup. Complex carbs “contain a complex chain of sugars as well as some fiber, protein and/or healthy fats, vitamins and minerals,” says Rebecca Lewis, registered dietitian at HelloFresh. “The presence of fiber, protein and fats is important because it slows digestion, prevents a spike in our blood-sugar levels, and helps us to feel full and satisfied for longer (i.e. curbs cravings).”
That's why carbohydrate-containing foods like starchy vegetables, legumes and whole grains are included in many healthy diet plans.
Follow the 10:1 rule: Choose foods where for every 10 grams of carbs, there is 1 gram of fiber. Follow the 10:1 rule: Choose foods where for every 10 grams of carbs, there is 1 gram of fiber.
The simple carbs, often found in processed foods and drinks, are easier for the body to break down, meaning they don't keep you full as long and can lead to erratic blood sugar levels.
That's not to say that simple carbs are always bad for us.
“Simple carbohydrates are found in fruits, veggies and dairy — all of which are healthy choices as they also contain good stuff like vitamins, minerals, and fiber,” says Lewis. “However, simple carbs are also found in less healthy foods like refined grains, processed snacks, sweets, soda and juice, which lack extra nutrients. These foods are very quickly digested, which can cause swings in our blood sugar levels and often leave us hungry for more.”
The trick is to look for foods that have a more robust nutritional profile. That apple may have simple carbs, but it also contains a hefty dose of fiber to slow down the digestion of the sugars.
Supplementing pasta with fiber-rich veggies helps slow the breakdown of sugars in the body. Getty Images / This content is subject to copyright.
Myth: Carbs are fattening
Fact: It's not the carbs making you fat, it's the sugar and calories
“Anything is fattening if you eat too much of it, and not all carbohydrate-containing foods have the same calorie density,” says Bowerman. “This myth persists because many people who eat a lot of refined carbs and sugar do lose weight when they cut back on these foods. But it isn't because they've cut out all of the carbs, it's because they have cut out a lot of the calorie-dense foods.”
Research actually shows that while low-carb eaters tend to lose more weight at first, after one year, that weight loss levels out and is no different than those who eat a low-fat (moderate carb) diet.
That being said, when it comes to carbohydrate-containing foods and weight gain, sugar and excess calories tend to be the culprit.
“Really the secret behind carbohydrates is to identify and limit the amount of added sugar in your carbohydrate sources; highlight whole foods like fruits, vegetables, beans and whole grains; and pay attention to portion sizing carbohydrates along with your protein and fat sources,” says Amanda Markie, MS, RDN, LD, Outpatient Dietitian at UM Baltimore Washington Medical Center. “Sugar can be found naturally in foods like fruits and milk products, as well as being more concentrated into your processed foods like sodas, candy or baked goods,” explains Markie.
Research shows that while low-carb eaters tend to lose more weight at first, after one year, that weight loss levels out and is no different than those who eat a moderate carb diet. Research shows that while low-carb eaters tend to lose more weight at first, after one year, that weight loss levels out and is no different than those who eat a moderate carb diet.
So you want to ensure that you're choosing sources of carbohydrates that have this naturally-occurring sugar.
“Also look for higher dietary fiber with a lower amount of added sugar, which you can identify if it is one of the first ingredients on the ingredients list,” says Markie. “Limit those foods that have sugar within the first two to three ingredients."
And just because you're choosing the higher-fiber, low-sugar options doesn't mean you can eat them in unlimited qualities: portions matter.
“Four cups of quinoa will make anyone gain weight. The quantity is the key strategy,” said Monica Auslander, MS, RDN, the founder of Essence Nutrition. “For example, I'll eat steel cut oatmeal, but only 1/3 cup a day. I'll eat beans, but only 1/2 cup at a time. I'm a petite person and not an athlete, so I can't afford to have three slices of Ezekiel bread for breakfast, a sweet potato at lunch, and three cups of quinoa at dinner.”
Myth: Carbohydrates spike your blood sugar
Fact: The right carbs stabilize blood-sugar levels for sustained energy
A 2014 study published in the Nutrition Journal found that participants who ate a high-carbohydrate, high-fiber, vegan diet (they got 80 percent of their calories from carbs) actually saw a drop in average blood sugar, plus lost weight and had significant improvements in blood pressure.
Plus, that glucose that our bodies gleans from digestible carb is needed for the functioning of multiple organs, including the brain. So that sugar in the blood stream isn't just okay — it's necessary. The problem is when they are released all at once in high doses.
“One thing that we must all remember is that carbohydrates are essential to fuel your brain, boost our energy and maintain our metabolism. The key is to eat the right kinds of food that contain carbohydrates,” says Meghan Daw, RD, LDN, from Fresh Thyme Farmers Market. “These foods contain carbohydrates that are more complex, meaning they contain fiber and other nutrients that take time to digest and allow a slow release of sugar into the body. This slow release does increase blood sugar levels over time but not all at once, preventing some unwanted blood sugar level spikes and symptoms that come along with those spikes.”
MYTH: You can determine whats carbs are healthy by using the Glycemic Index
Fact: Not always ... you also need to use common sense.
The Glycemic Index is a system that rank foods based on how much a certain portion increases blood sugar when compared to pure glucose.
"One major setback [to the use of the Glycemic Index when choosing what carbohydrates are best] is that this index measures the body's response when the carbohydrate is eaten without other foods, but how often are we eating a carbohydrate at a meal on its own?" says Markie.
You may have a baked potato for dinner, but there's a good chance it's accompanied by a piece of salmon and some veggies. "Having these foods together can change the speed of digestion and your body's response," says Markie.
The Glycemic Index can be a guide in determining which foods are the better choices, she adds. Those lower on the scale may be higher in fiber, which slows digestion. But you need to use common sense to make the final judgement.
"There are other cases in which the Glycemic Index does not direct the consumer toward the most healthful choice," says Markie. "For example, a soda has a Glycemic Index of 63, while raisins have a Glycemic Index of 64, however that does not mean raisins and soda have the same nutritional value."
It's a tool you can use, but it should be one tool out of many, as it doesn't take into account the other nutritional values of the food, she adds.
Myth: You should look for net carbs on the nutrition label
Fact: The source of those carbs matter
At the end of the day, all carbs are not created equal. So blindly counting net carbs isn't the best way to establish a healthy diet. But food labels in their current state can be tricky to decode.
“Reading labels will provide you with the quantity of carbohydrate that is in the food, but it doesn't necessarily tell you about the quality,” says Bowerman. “For example, I have patients who don't drink milk because of the carbohydrate content, but the carbohydrate in milk is not added, it's simply the natural sugar (lactose). But it's hard to tell from a label which carbs are natural and which are added, and unless you read the ingredients list as well, you won't know the source of the carbohydrate.”
For most packaged items, a high fiber count can be a good sign that food is a healthy choice. Lewis recommends following the “10:1 rule: Choose foods where for every 10 grams of carbs, there is 1 gram of fiber.”
However, Bowerman caveats that manufacturers can also add fiber to products afterwards, so you should check the ingredients list for a whole food source to ensure the fiber is naturally occurring.
Luckily, deciphering the label is about to get a bit easier. The new food label to be implemented in July 2018 will specifically call out how much of the total sugar in food is added, making it easier to distinguish between the unhealthy sugars you'll find in many processed foods and the natural-occurring sugar in whole foods like fruit and milk.
Until then, you can't go wrong by choosing whole-food sources of carbohydrates that only have one ingredient — themselves!
The most extensive report yet on Zika virus and its risk to babies shows that 5 percent of women infected while pregnant go on to have babies with diagnosed birth defects.
Because data is fuzzy, this matches up with the last report showing 10 percent of women infected while pregnant have babies with birth defects.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has recommendations online about traveling to or living in Zika-affected areas.
Mosquito season is heating up again in the northern hemisphere and the summer travel breaks start for many Americans. Here are some answers to some pressing questions about Zika, sex and pregnancy:
Can the virus be transmitted by any kind of sex?
Yes. “Sexual exposure includes vaginal sex, anal sex, oral sex, or other activities that might expose a sex partner to genital secretions,” the CDC says in its latest guidelines.
While male semen can be a source of transmission, there has also been at least one case of female-to-male transmission. The virus is mostly carried around by the Aedes mosquitoes, but it's becoming clear the virus can sometimes be transmitted by bodily fluids.
How do doctors know? It becomes clear if one sexual partner has traveled to a Zika-affected region and the other has not. And there's evidence the vagina may provide a good place for Zika virus to thrive.
Pregnant Woman. Media for Medical / UIG via Getty Images
What if I get infected now and want to get pregnant in a couple of years? Is my pregnancy at risk?
There is no evidence backing that up. The body clears the Zika virus eventually. There are some viruses that stay in the body permanently — herpes and the AIDS virus HIV, for example.
But Zika virus is one that the immune system eventually gets rid of. Several viruses are known to cause birth defects if the mother is infected during pregnancy. Rubella, also known as German measles, is an example. But there was never any evidence that women infected with rubella before they got pregnant had a higher risk of birth defects in later years.
Related: Zika Took Her Baby
How long do I have to wait before I get pregnant?
The CDC advises that people wait six months to try for a pregnancy if either partner has been to a Zika-affected area -- even if he or she doesn't have symptoms. If a woman is pregnant and her male partner could possibly have been infected, they should use a condom or abstain from sex for the whole pregnancy.
There's a report of one man who had Zika virus in his semen more than six months after he showed symptoms of infection. Since nearly half of the pregnancies in the U.S. are unplanned, CDC also advises using a condom or abstaining from sex for six months if there's a chance a man has been infected with Zika.
"Men and women of reproductive age living in affected areas should be informed and orientated to consider delaying pregnancy," WHO advises.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Growing worries over Zika in the US 4:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
What if I'm pregnant now and get bitten by a mosquito?
Not all mosquitoes carry Zika, even in the places where the virus is actively spreading. It's the Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus mosquitoes that carry the virus, and one of them has to have bitten someone who's infected — and even then, it takes a couple of days for the virus to build up enough in the mosquito's body for the insect to transmit the virus to someone else.
So unless you are in an area where Zika is spreading, it's not time to panic. Women in Zika zones need to take the strongest precautions, however and that includes using repellents such as DEET, covering up, and staying inside as much as possible. Women who become infected do need to see a doctor right away and get regularly tested and then have their pregnancy carefully monitored. There is no known way to protect a developing fetus from Zika infection, but doctors do know that not every woman who gets infected during pregnancy goes on to have a baby with birth defects.
The CDC expects more local outbreaks of Zika in the states where the Aedes mosquitoes are common, such as Florida and Texas, but nothing like the epidemics in Latin American and Caribbean countries.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pregnant and Worried About Zika? Some Tips 0:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
If my baby is born normal, are we in the clear?
No one can say yet. The most obvious and horrifying birth defect known to be caused by Zika infection is microcephaly. The child's head is smaller than normal because the brain itself is badly damaged. Doctors are now starting to report subtler birth defects in babies born to women who'd been infected. They include eye abnormalities, hearing defects and other brain damage. Some birth defects do not become apparent for years. The CDC is keeping a registry of all U.S. women who are pregnant and infected with Zika.
Madeleine Pickens wanted the African-American chef she recruited from the country club she owns in Southern California to cook “black people food” — not “white people food” — at her rural Nevada dude ranch and wild horse sanctuary, according to a federal lawsuit accusing her of racial discrimination.
Armand Appling says the wealthy philanthropist and ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens told him fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread would be perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages, ride horses and take Wild West “safaris” on ATVs at her Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort.
Appling alleges he was fired 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment. He says Pickens' stereotypical references were commonplace at the Elko County ranch stretching across 900 square miles on the edge of the Ruby Mountains about 50 miles west of the Utah line.
Among other things, he says Pickens, who is white, instructed him to terminate two other black kitchen staffers — one she referred to as her “bull” or “ox” and another who had “too much personality.” He says she told him they didn't “look like people we have working at the country club” and didn't “fit the image” of the staff she wanted at the ranch.
Pickens' lawyers argue that even if all the allegations are true, none of her comments were racially motivated. At worst, Pickens' remarks “reflect a non-racial personality conflict and amount to discourtesy, rudeness or lack of sensitivity,” they wrote in recent court filings.
U.S. District Judge Miranda Du said during a hearing in Reno last week that Appling's lawyers have failed so far to prove the sort of racial hostility needed to win such a civil rights claim. She dismissed the original lawsuit that was filed in February but gave them until Jan. 13 to refile an amended complaint seeking unspecified damages from Pickens' nonprofit, Save America's Mustangs.
“It takes a lot to prove these allegations,” Du told California attorney Willie Williams on Thursday.
Du agreed with Pickens' lawyer, Dora Lane of Reno, that the only comment that specifically referred to race was the reference to “black people food.”
Lane said categorizing foods by ethnicity is commonplace in the restaurant industry. Some restaurants serve Mexican food, others Chinese or Thai food, she said.
“The suggestion that such categorizations are inherently offensive is nonsense,” Lane argued in earlier court documents. “This is especially true here, given that Pickens' alleged comments actually reflect a preference for ‘black people food' rather than a racial anima against ‘black people' or ‘black people food.'”
Williams said Pickens' comments about the fired employees “not fitting in” reinforces a long history of African-Americans not being allowed into elite, private-club settings. Pickens owns the exclusive Del Mar Country Club north of San Diego where Appling worked before she hired him for a 5-month stint in Nevada.
“In many cases, the people fighting to keep African-Americans out of these private clubs would use code phrases like ‘they do not fit the image,'” Williams said in court documents. He added the use of the words “ox” and “bull” implies ownership of property, given “America's long history of slavery where they were considered personal property of their owners.”
Lane argued it was a complimentary reference to physical strength and “was not accompanied by any overtly racial slurs.”
“Indeed, Appling does not allege that he ever heard any overtly racial epithets, such as the ‘N-word,'” she wrote in court documents.
But Williams told the judge last week the comments must be viewed in the context of racial stereotypes.
Du agreed that Lane's arguments focus on the “plain meaning of words” while seemingly ignoring the context of comments made about “African-Americans in history and stereotypes that could give rise to racial animus.”
“If the alleged comments were not directed at him, but others who look like him, it may affect his work environment,” the judge said.
If the research pans out, the world of mental health care may look very different in the coming decades. Psychedelic treatment won't be available for just anyone, and recreational psychedelic use may still be banned. But those with certain illnesses could seek treatment from a psychiatrist specially certified in psychedelic therapy. Just a few treatment sessions a year might be enough to provide lasting relief from their issues.
People with mood disorders, including those who are unresponsive to conventional therapies, might be able to ditch their antidepressants and antianxiety medications. Those with terminal illness could enjoy their remaining days without the fear of death looming over them, while people with PTSD could return to a normal life unobstructed by paralyzing flashbacks. And rehab centers for substance use and eating disorders could empty out as more people turn to psychedelics.
Again, we're not at this point yet. But such is the promise of psychedelic medicine.
SAFETY FIRST
Psychedelic drugs fall into one of two categories depending on how they affect the brain.
Classic psychedelics include LSD, psilocybin, and ayahuasca. They work by binding to the same receptors in the brain as serotonin, a neurotransmitter associated with feelings of wellbeing. MDMA, on the other hand, causes the release of another neurotransmitter, serotonin, in the brain.
At this point, the star players in psychedelic research are psilocybin and MDMA. (LSD's hallucinogenic effects last too long, thus limiting its therapeutic value; ayahuasca is hard to standardize because it's a brew made from two plants.)
Given psychedelics' potential for abuse — and the possibility of unpleasant hallucinations — clinical trials of the drugs follow rigid protocols. Patients for the clinical trials are screened for schizophrenia and related disorders that preclude psychedelic therapy; those who are selected undergo preliminary sessions during which they learn about the goals and nature of the treatment, as well as the particulars of the drug they'll be trying.
During treatment, patients typically don headphones for music and eyeshades and then lie down. They're encouraged to go as "deep" as possible into the experience, says Charles Grob, a UCLA psychiatry professor who has done research on MDMA, psilocybin, and ayahuasca. As the session ends and the hallucinogenic effects wear off, patient and therapist discuss the experience. Follow-up psychotherapy sessions facilitate lasting results, Grob says.
As experimental therapies, the sessions are conducted in research labs under medical supervision. Psychedelic therapy is not yet available in therapists' office or other ordinary therapeutic settings.
WHAT THE RESEARCH SHOWS
Just what do the studies show? In 2010, Grob and his colleagues published a tiny pilot study showing that psilocybin reduced anxiety and depression in patients with advanced-stage cancer, helping them better cope with the fear of death.
Recent studies conducted by other research groups have shown similarly promising results. In 2016, for instance, a Johns Hopkins study and a concurrent New York University study found that about 80 percent of cancer patients showed clinically significant decreases in depressed mood and anxiety even six months after receiving one to two psilocybin treatments.
Psilocybin also appears to be an effective treatment for addiction. Echoing past research with LSD, scientists recently showed decreased cravings for and increased abstinence from alcohol after psilocybin treatment in a proof-of-concept study — and the benefits were still in evidence nine months later.
Psilocybin seems especially promising as a tool for smoking cessation.
In a preliminary study of smokers conducted in 2014, 80 percent of participants remained nicotine-free six months after receiving three psilocybin sessions. And 60 percent of the participants remained nicotine-free an average of 30 months after treatment.
Compared with the classic psychedelics, MDMA doesn't encourage deep introspection, so psychotherapy sessions with the drug often involve much more discussion between doctor and patient. That makes it a good fit for PTSD treatment.
"Normally, when someone [with PTSD] would be instructed to relive the traumatic experience, they would be overwhelmed with fear, anxiety, and despair," Grob says. "But while under the influence of the MDMA, it's as if they can navigate the experience more safely."
In recent clinical trials, 61 percent of 107 participants no longer had PTSD symptoms two months after MDMA-assisted psychotherapy. Sixty-eight percent were still PTSD-free a year later. In light of findings like these, the FDA recently deemed MDMA a "breakthrough therapy," putting it on the fast track for approval.
MYSTICISM AND HEALTH
What makes psychedelic therapy so powerful? Experts say it may be because the drugs work on a deep emotional as well as biological level, with patients experiencing a transformative sense of positivity, benevolence, and unity during “trips” that many describe as mystical.
"Unlike almost all other psychiatric medications that have a direct biological effect, these drugs seem to work through biology to open up a psychological opportunity," says Matthew Johnson, a Johns Hopkins University psychiatrist who heads the university's Psilocybin Research Project and has conducted psilocybin research.
And the drugs' benefits may go beyond simply treating specific disorders. In 2011, Johnson and his colleagues showed that a single psilocybin session can give people a more "open" personality, as well as a greater appreciation of new experiences and enhanced curiosity and imagination. Follow-up research showed that these effects persisted for at least 14 months — and may even be permanent.
If that makes you eager to give psycheledic therapy a try, you'll have to wait awhile. The only psychedelic that seems close to clinical use is MDMA (for PTSD), and it needs to go through final trials that are expected to take several years.
"We're still at the beginning of this field and the questions are wide open," Johnson says. "There are hundreds of careers worth of study left to do."
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia — The U.S government has provided more than $55,000 to Cambodia for the preserving of personal items belonging to prisoners at a Khmer Rouge prison and torture centre in the 1970s.
The project agreement was signed Monday by U.S. Ambassador to Cambodia William Heidt and Cambodian Secretary of State for Ministry of Culture and Fine Art Chuch Phoeurn. The funding aims to preserve and maintain 3,000 to 5,000 items of clothing, shoes, hats and belts belonging to prisoners who were detained at the Khmer Rouge's main Tuol Sleng prison facility.
Under the 1975-79 Khmer Rouge regime, an estimated 17,000 Cambodians were tortured at the centre, known as S-21 prison, and then killed. An estimated 1.7 million Cambodians died from execution, starvation and inadequate medical care under the rule of the ultra-communist group.
Heidt said the timing of the project is critical since the items are slowly deteriorating. The prisoners' belongings tell the extremely personal and heartbreaking stories of the victims of the Khmer Rouge and include clothing, hats and other items from both adults and children.
“If you look closely, you even can see that some items still show blood and sweat stains,” Heidt said. “The conservation work will carefully preserve the textiles without removing this historical evidence. Each piece carries its own history and we recognize how important it is to preserve this story for future generations.”
Chuch Phoeurn welcomed the U.S. funding and said the preservation of the belongings is important because they can help educate young Cambodians. He said some of the items will be displayed at the Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum.
Gianluigi Buffon has rubbished rumours claiming he has fallen out with Juventus team-mate Medhi Benatia, accusing the media of attempting to manufacture division.
Reports in Italy suggested the pair were involved in an argument in the aftermath of the 1-0 defeat to Napoli on Sunday which trimmed the champions' lead atop Serie A to one point.
Fingers were pointed at Benatia for failing to prevent Kalidou Koulibaly from heading home a 90th-minute winner, while less than two weeks earlier he came under scrutiny for conceding a decisive stoppage-time penalty in Juve's exit from the Champions League quarter-finals at the hands of Real Madrid.
Buffon was shown a red card for vociferously protesting official Michael Oliver's decision in that match, but the veteran goalkeeper insists he has no issues with Benatia, slamming the reports as "false gossip".
"It attempts to destabilise an environment and undermine the confidence and togetherness of a group," Buffon told Juventus TV.
"As normal as this is and as something that has always happened since I've been at Juventus, I find it both logical and correct to speak up and that is what I've done.
"Nobody, at least in my 17 years at Juventus, has taken it upon themselves to point the finger at another team-mate, blaming them for a defeat, and this will never happen while I am captain of this team.
"I would like to add that Medhi is an extremely respectful, polite person, who is contributing to the cause and forms a part of this exceptional group.
"I'm sorry that I'm forced to point this out but I have to do it, because in the light of certain news stories, if not slanderous, at least false, I believe that a clarification is due to protect the group and Medhi, who is a fantastic guy."
Despite the late loss to Napoli, Juve remain in the box seat to win a seventh successive Scudetto and will also contest the Coppa Italia final against AC Milan.
And an impassioned Buffon called for unity between players and fans.
"Otherwise we end up playing into the hands of our opponents and of those who, in our rare moments of difficulty, have always looked for biased news to cause us problems, without ever succeeding," he added.
"At this time, I want the team and the Bianconeri world to unite as one and create that wall of protection which allows us to take on these 20 days like a true Juventus team."
HARRISONBURG, Va. — Stuckey Mosley poured in 35 points, two off his career high, and DeVelle Phillips added 17 and James Madison clawed from 11 points down to defeat Towson 79-73 on Saturday.
Mosely scored 23 points in the last 12:21 as James Madison (7-18, 3-9 Colonial Athletic Association) whacked away at the Towson lead. He converted a 3-point play to give the Dukes a 65-64 lead with 3:30 remaining. Phillips scored, grabbed a defensive rebound and dunked at the other end for a 70-68 lead with 1:09 left. Mosely followed with a layup and Darius Banks a pair of free throws and the 8-1 run put the game away.
Eddie Keith II scored the last five points for Towson (16-9, 6-6), keeping the Tigers within two until Banks and Mosely made three free throws in the last three seconds.
Zane Martin led Towson with 28 points before being hit with a technical and fouling out with three seconds to go. Mike Morsell added 20 points and Justin Gorham scored nine and grabbed 17 rebounds.
Third parties like Samsung, T-Mobile and Verizon have sold these dongles for years, so it's interesting that an automaker is releasing its own version since they presumably know more about their cars. That comes in handy for some of the SmartLink's other features, like allowing smartphone control of existing key fob features, vehicle health and security alerts, and vehicle location tracking.
These cool features don't come for free: You'll have to pay $17 per month with a two-year commitment (plus the cost of installation) to get a SmartLink in your vehicle. It comes with a 1GB or 30-day (whichever comes first) trial for Verizon 4G LTE that turns your car into a WiFi hotspot; If you want to keep using it, you'll have to add the service to their account with the telecom (or register a new one if they don't already have one). Those interested can pick up a SmartLink at Ford dealerships starting in mid-2018.
Kristen is worried her boyfriend is looking elsewhere for love. Will our call have her seeing double?
Have a heartbreaking cheater story to share? Let Karson & Kennedy know on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
London High-Rise Fire: Why Residents Decided to ‘Stay Put'
At least 12 people were confirmed dead after a blaze ripped through a high-rise apartment building in London. The high-rise had a "stay put" policy in the event of a fire.
The Barros controversy dominated Francis' just-ended trip to Chile and Peru and exposed his blind spot about clerical abuse. Even the head of his abuse advisory panel, Cardinal Sean O'Malley of Boston, publicly rebuked him for his dismissive treatment of victims and tried to set him straight.
Barros was a protege of the Rev. Fernando Karadima, a charismatic and politically powerful priest who was sanctioned by the Vatican for sexually abusing minors in 2011. His victims testified to Chilean prosecutors that Barros and other priests in the El Bosque community saw Karadima kissing youngsters and were aware of his perversions, but did nothing.
After Karadima was sanctioned by a church court, Chile's bishops were so intent on trying to stem the fallout from the scandal that they persuaded the Vatican to have Barros and two other Karadima-trained bishops resign and take a yearlong sabbatical, according to a 2015 letter obtained by The Associated Press.
But Francis stepped in and put a stop to the plan, arguing there wasn't any proof against them. He overruled the Chilean bishops' objections and in January 2015 appointed Barros to head the diocese of Osorno. Barros' presence there has badly split the dioceses, with both laity and priests rejecting him ever since.
The issue haunted Francis' recent trip, and imploded after he told a Chilean journalist Jan. 18 that the accusations against Barros were slander and he demanded “proof” against Barros to believe them. After O'Malley rebuked him, Francis apologized for having demanded proof, but he stood by his belief that the accusations against Barros were “calumny.”
“I am convinced he is innocent,” Francis declared during an in-flight news conference while returning home from Peru on Jan. 21.
Francis seemed unaware that Karadima's victims had placed Barros at the scene and were the original source of the accusations against him.
Barros said Tuesday that he welcomed “with faith and joy” the pope's decision to have Scicluna investigate and prayed that the process would uncover the truth, according to a statement read by the spokesman of the Chilean bishops' conference. He has denied seeing any abuse or knowing of it.
In the days after the pope's comments, Karadima victim Juan Carlos Cruz pointedly told Francis that he couldn't offer the “proof” the pope demanded.
“As if I could have taken a selfie or a photo while Karadima abused me and others and Juan Barros stood by watching it all,” Cruz tweeted Jan. 19.
After Francis insisted he had never received any testimony from victims but would welcome it, Cruz told The Associated Press: “If he wanted evidence, why didn't he reach out to us when we were willing to reaffirm the testimony that not only us, but so many witnesses, have been providing for more than 15 years?”
Scicluna is going to Chile precisely to do that. Vatican spokesman Greg Burke said Scicluna would travel to Santiago “as soon as possible,” but he noted that the case requires preparation and thoroughness.
Karadima's victims, who are Barros' main accusers, declined to comment Tuesday on the advice of their lawyers. A group of lay Catholics from Osorno, who have been protesting Barros' appointment for three years, said they would be willing to speak to Scicluna but expressed some doubt about the procedure and his independence.
“We hope the pope reacted based on the sentiments of the faithful, more than media pressure, but he did it,” said a statement from Juan Carlos Claret, spokesman of the Osorno laity group.
Scicluna was the Vatican's long-time sex crimes prosecutor in the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, and he was instrumental in finally bringing to justice the 20th century Catholic Church's most notorious pedophile, the Rev. Marcial Maciel, founder of the Legion of Christ.
Pope Francis is cheered by nuns as he arrives at Santiago's cathedral in Chile, on Jan. 16. L'Osservatore Romano via AP
Scicluna was put in charge of gathering testimony from Maciel's victims, the Legion seminarians who for years had denounced Maciel's sex crimes, only to be discredited publicly by senior Vatican and Legion officials and accused of slander.
Scicluna, currently archbishop of Valletta and head of a sex abuse appeals tribunal at the Vatican, is now something of a hero to survivors for having vigorously prosecuted Maciel over the objections of the Vatican's then-secretary of state, as well as thousands of other pedophiles.
That former secretary of state, Cardinal Angelo Sodano, was the Vatican ambassador in Chile during the Pinochet dictatorship and was known to have been a supporter of Karadima. Sodano still wields influence in the Vatican as the dean of the College of Cardinals, and in that capacity recently celebrated the funeral Mass of Cardinal Bernard Law, who resigned in disgrace as the archbishop of Boston after documents showed he moved serial pedophiles around rather than report them to police.
Andrew Chesnut, the Catholic Studies chair at Virginia Commonwealth University, said Francis' decision to send in Scicluna was an attempt to “repair the damage inflicted on his Chilean tour.”
“The Vatican had already attempted to negotiate the resignation of Barros, so it's likely that the embattled bishop will step down soon,” Chesnut predicted.
Barros twice offered his resignation, but Francis twice rejected it.
The decision to send Scicluna in to investigate allegations of a cover-up marks a new phase in the Vatican's decades-long effort to come to terms with clergy abuse, and it could fuel demands for the Vatican to more actively investigate and sanction religious superiors who turn a blind eye to priests who rape, sodomize and molest children.
While thousands of abusive priests have been defrocked and sanctioned over the years, only a handful of bishops are known to have been removed because they mishandled reported cases.
Francis vowed to hold such bishops accountable, but he scrapped a proposed Vatican tribunal to discipline negligent bishops after Vatican canon lawyers objected. Instead, he said such cases would be investigated by existing Vatican offices, but the process lacks any transparency.
FOLLOW NBC LATINO ON FACEBOOK, TWITTER AND INSTAGRAM.
Introduced at last year's Detroit Auto Show, the 2018 Chevrolet Traverse impressed with the new design's massive interior space. Now that the Traverse has been on dealership lots for a while, the stylish midsize crossover is no less impressive.
What's new for 2018
As an all-new model, the Traverse unibody crossover is redesigned inside and out, adding third-row legroom and cargo space, as well as a new suite of technology features. There are two trim new levels for 2018. The FWD-only Traverse RS adds blacked out wheels and accents, but the biggest differentiator from the other trims is its 2.0L turbocharged 4-cylinder engine. Conversely, the High Country trim, only available with AWD, is the most luxurious, with a starting price north of $50,000 and a standard feature list that includes all available safety and assist tech.
2018 Traverse engines
There are two engines in 2018 Traverse models. Most trims use a 3.6L V6 which makes 310 horsepower at 6,800 rpm and 266 lb-ft torque at 2,800 rpm. The RS trim's 2.0L turbocharged four-cylinder engine delivers fewer horsepower but more torque, with 257 hp at 5,500 rpm and 295 lb-ft at 3,000 rpm. Both engines are paired with 9-speed automatic transmissions.
2018 Traverse tech
All Traverse models have Traction Mode Select that allows the driver to select the driving mode for different road conditions. All trims also come standard with GM's StabiliTrak Electronic Stability Control System with Traction Control. If needed, based on steering and vehicle travel, the Stabiltrak makes brake and engine torque adjustments to keep help maintain traction and driver control. This system cuts in automatically if it detects traction loss.
The Traverse has a fairly safety and driver-assistance feature list, but most are only available on the top trim levels.
All Traverse times have active aero shutters to cut front resistance, for incremental fuel economy improvement. GM's Teen Driver tech, standard for all trims, allows the owner to activate all safety features and configure the crossover's speed, radio volume, and seat belt use for specific drivers and send alerts if the driver doesn't comply with the settings.
The Traverse has a fairly rich safety and driver-assistance feature list, but most are only available on the top trim levels. Adaptive cruise control with stop-and-go, for example, isn't even available as an option for any but the High Country, the most expensive trim. To clarify safety and assistance feature availability, the tables below indicate which features are standard (in bold), optional, or not available for each of the seven 2018 Traverse trims.
How to choose a 2018 Chevrolet Traverse
The seven Traverse trims, from the least to most expensive, are differentiated in the text and tables below.
2018 Chevrolet Traverse L The base model 2018 Traverse L is available in FWD only, starting at $30,925. The L has few available options but comes sufficiently equipped for buyers who don't care about a lot of luxuries but want a reasonably priced, eight-passenger, three-row crossover. Standard features for the L and all higher-level trims include three-zone automatic climate control, power windows, keyless access with push-button start, 18-inch aluminum wheels, power-adjustable heated side mirrors, and a driver information center with a 3.5-inch monochrome display. Tire pressure monitoring is standard as are a rear-vision camera, high-intensity discharge (HID) headlamps, GM's Teen Driver utility, six USB ports, a digital display compass, and steering wheel controls for audio, phone, and cruise control. The Traverse's standard MyLink infotainment system has a 7-inch display radio system with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto support and, like all trims, includes OnStar 4G LTE Wi-Fi hot spot capability with a trial subscription. 2018 Chevrolet Traverse LS The $2,170 price bump from the base L model to the 2018 Traverse LS adds deep-tinted glass, and the choice of FWD, ($33,095 to start), or AWD ($35,095 starting price). The LS trim also opens the Traverse option list, which is largely closed for the L. 2018 Chevrolet Traverse LT Cloth The first of two LT models, the 2018 Traverse LT Cloth starts at $35,595 with FWD and $39,395 for AWD. The LT includes a raft of upgrades and changes from the LS including a reduction in passenger capacity to seven because of the LT's standard second-row captain's chairs. The LT trim adds turn signal indicators to the side mirrors plus fog lamps, roof rails, and a trial subscription to the SiriusXM Satellite Radio All-Access Package. Other changes for the LT include an 8-way power driver seat with power lumbar control, heated front seats, a universal home remote controller, remote start, and a 3-spoke leather-wrapped steering wheel. 2018 Chevrolet Traverse LT Leather Stepping up comfort, convenience, and standard safety features, the 2018 Traverse LT Leather trim starts at $42,195 with FWD and $41,95 for the AWD model. Convenience features include a power liftgate with programmable height adjustment, remote start, and a 120-volt power outlet on the rear of the center console. Traverse LT Leather driver and passengers ride in comfort with leather-appointed seating surfaces, a 6-way power front passenger seat with power lumbar control, and heated driver and front passenger seats. The LT Leather also upgrades the driver information center with 4.2-inch diagonal, multicolor display and adds an inside rearview auto-dimming rear camera mirror with full camera display. A segment of the Traverse's passive safety and driver assistance suite is standard on the LT Leather and above, include 360-degree surround bird's-eye view, side blind zone and rear cross traffic alerts, and rear parking assistance with an audible warning. The LT Leather's infotainment system upgrades to the Chevrolet MyLink radio with navigation, an 8-inch diagonal color touch-screen with motorized power up/down and hidden storage, and a 10-speaker Bose Premium 10-speaker sound system with a Richbase woofer in the center console. 2018 Chevrolet Traverse RS The Traverse RS is a new model this year. Cast as the “sporty” trim, the Traverse RS is the sole model with the 257-hp 2.0L turbocharged 4-cylinder engine. The RS is only available with front-wheel drive and starts at $43,095. The other differences in the RS from the LT Leather trim are a blacked out exterior with a black chrome grille, a black Chevy bowtie, and dark painted 20-inch wheels. 2018 Chevrolet Traverse Premier Formerly the top model, the 2018 Traverse Premier is now the second most luxurious trim, but it's not lacking. Starting at $45,495 for the FWD version and $48,395 with AWD, the Premier has LED D-Optic bifunction headlamps, a hands-free power liftgate, a heated steering wheel, ventilated front seats, and heated second-row outboard seats. The Premier also has wireless device charging, a dual-outlet exhaust with rectangular tips, driver memory settings for the driver seat, mirror, and steering column settings, and auto-dimming outside mirrors. The Premier trim's $1,845 (list) Redline Edition package option adds black wheels with red accents, black exterior accents, dark taillamps, a two-panel sunroof, and a trailering package with heavy-duty cooling and a trailer hitch. 2018 Chevrolet Traverse High Country A new trim and available with AWD only, the 2018 Traverse High Country (starting price $53,095) has the highest luxury level and the brand's full technology suite. All High Country models have unique Loft Brown leather trim plus 20-inch polished wheels, D-Optic headlamps, and power-fold third-row seats. The line leader's drivetrain is unique as well, with an all-wheel-drive system with an automatic locking rear differential. Chevy's trailering package includes a heavy-duty cooling system and a trailer hitch. Other High County standard features include adaptive cruise control with stop-and-go, automatic high beams, forward collision alert and following distance indicator, front pedestrian braking, lane keep assist with lane departure warning. The High Country is the only trim with adaptive cruise control – it's not even an option on other trims. A power sunroof and power-folding third-row 60/40 split-bench seat are also standard with the High Country.
Passive Safety/Driver Assist Features 2018 Traverse L 2018 Traverse LS 2018 Traverse LT Cloth 2018 Traverse LT Leather Rearview camera with backup assist gridlines Standard Standard Blind spot monitoring with cross-traffic alert Optional Optional Standard Standard Low speed forward automatic braking Not available Not available Adaptive cruise control with stop-and-go Not available Not available Auto high-beam headlamp Not available Not available Lane-keeping assist, lane-keeping alert Not available Not available Pre-collision assist with pedestrian detection Not available Not available Parking assistance — rear Optional Optional Optional Standard 360-degree camera Not available Not available Standard Following distance indicator Not available Not available
Passive Safety/Driver Assist Features 2018 Traverse RS 2018 Traverse Premier 2018 Traverse High Country Rearview camera with backup assist gridlines Standard Standard Standard Blind spot monitoring with cross-traffic alert Standard Standard Standard Low speed forward automatic braking Not available Optional (FWD), Standard (AWD) Standard Adaptive cruise control with stop-and-go Not available Standard Auto high-beam headlamp Not available Optional (FWD), Standard (AWD) Standard Lane-keeping assist, lane-keeping alert Not available Optional (FWD), Standard (AWD) Standard Pre-collision assist with pedestrian detection Not available Optional (FWD), Standard (AWD) Standard Parking assistance — rear Standard Standard Standard 360-degree camera Standard Standard Standard Following distance indicator Not available Optional (FWD), Standard (AWD) Standard
Trim 2018 Traverse L 2018 Traverse LS 2018 Traverse LT Cloth 2018 Traverse LT Leather Base price 4×2 $30,925 $33,095 $35,595 $42,195 Base price 4×4 Not available $35,095 $39,395 $44,195 Drive wheels FWD FWD/AWD FWD/AWD FWD/AWD Base engine 3.6L V6 3.6L V6 3.6L V6 3.6L V6 Base horsepower 310 hp @ 6,800 rpm 310 hp @ 6,800 rpm 310 hp @ 6,800 rpm 310 hp @ 6,800 rpm Base torque 266 lb-ft @ 2,800 rpm 266 lb-ft @ 2,800 rpm 266 lb-ft @ 2,800 rpm 266 lb-ft @ 2,800 rpm Transmission 9-speed automatic 9-speed automatic 9-speed automatic 9-speed automatic Fuel Regular gas Regular gas Fuel capacity 4×2 19.4 gallons 19.4 gallons 19.4 gallons 19.4 gallons Fuel capacity 4×4 Not applicable 21.7 gallons 21.7 gallons 21.7 gallons Fuel economy 4×2 18 mpg city/27 mpg highway/21 mpg combined 18 mpg city/27 mpg highway/21 mpg combined 18 mpg city/27 mpg highway/21 mpg combined 18 mpg city/27 mpg highway/21 mpg combined Fuel economy 4×4 Not applicable 17 mpg city/25 mpg highway/20 mpg combined 17 mpg city/25 mpg highway/20 mpg combined 17 mpg city/25 mpg highway/20 mpg combined Base wheels 18-inch 18-inch 18-inch 20-inch Body style 4-door SUV 4-door SUV 4-door SUV 4-door SUV Passengers 8 8 7 7 Third-row seating 3 3 3 3 Storage behind third-row seats 98.2 cubic feet 98.2 cubic feet 98.2 cubic feet 98.2 cubic feet Storage behind second-row seats 58.1 cubic feet 58.1 cubic feet 58.1 cubic feet 58.1 cubic feet Storage behind first-row seats 23 cubic feet 23 cubic feet 23 cubic feet 23 cubic feet Max Towing capacity 4×2 5,000 pounds 5,000 pounds 5,000 pounds 5,000 pounds Max Towing capacity 4×4 Not applicable 5,000 pounds 5,000 pounds 5,000 pounds Seat upholstery Cloth Cloth Cloth Leather
A broken door handle proved deadly for two women in the Czech Republic on Saturday. Police say a mother and daughter, ages 65 and 45, died after becoming trapped in their friend's sauna for roughly 90 minutes.
A police rep who spoke about the freak accident—which the AFP reports happened near Jicin, to the northeast of Prague—says it appears the women were unable to exit the sauna after the handle broke, and their attempts to break the door's window were unsuccessful.
Their friend found them on the floor after noting the time and deciding to check on them. While sauna deaths are rare, they do occur: A 2008 study published in the Journal of Forensic Sciences looked at sauna-related fatalities between 1990 and 2002 in Finland and found an annual death rate of less than two per 100,000 inhabitants.
The study found heat exposure was behind a quarter of the deaths. Saunas and Finland were under the microscope once again in 2010, when a finalist at the World Sauna Championships there collapsed and died after spending six minutes in a 230-degree Fahrenheit sauna.
While such temperatures might seem uncommon outside of Finland, an organizer told the BBC at the time that “It is not so unusual” here. The competition was permanently ended due to Russian Vladimir Ladyzhensky's death.
The temperature of the sauna the women were using in the Czech Republic hasn't been reported. (But there are some benefits to using saunas, too.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: Mother, Daughter Die in Freak Sauna Accident
7 telltale signs your Smartphone has a virus
As far as you use your phone to surf the internet, it is vulnerable to be infected by a virus. However, quite a large number of people are unconscious of this as they download anything and everything.
Unfortunately for them, they do not have any form of protection or antivirus. Hence, some do not know if their smartphone is infected or not. jumia travel, the leading online travel agency encourages you to read on to discover the signs your smartphone has a virus. A virus can destroy your phone and your sensitive information may be stolen. The best shield is to download an antivirus.
Increased mobile phone charges
You did not subscribe to anything from your service provider but your phone credit is being deducted almost every second. In fact, you called them to complain but they are unaware of such deductions. This means a malicious app is removing your credit to make fake phone calls and send text messages.
Slowdown in performance
We tend to pay more attention to our computer than our phone. Your phone is a mini computer. So, when you notice an unusual slowdown in its function, it may be a sign of a virus infection.
Your phone contacts receive weird text messages
If your contacts call you to talk about a message you did not send, it means a malware has infected your phone. It is attempting to infect your contact's phone by sending spam texts. You should scan your phone if this happens.
Unusual data consumption
For a malicious application to function perfectly, it needs internet. If your phone is connected, the virus will run uninterrupted. Clearly, the virus is using your data. So, if you notice a weird spike in data usage, it may be a virus. Switch off your data and search for the app consuming the highest amount of data.
Significant drop in battery life
Not all battery drains mean the battery is bad or it is time to replace it. It may be that some malicious app is using your battery for certain illegal activities.
New applications
You never downloaded an app but you notice it on your phone. You must have mistakenly clicked a link to automatically download the app. In some cases, you do not need to open the app before the virus infects your phone. You should delete it. In serious situations, you have to format your phone.
Undesirable adverts
Every time you click a link, an annoying advert pops up or your page is flooded with different adverts, it shows that your phone has a malware or virus.
The post 7 telltale signs your Smartphone has a virus appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
The men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, i...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest. (all times local):
2 p.m.
Judging errors cast widespread confusion over Joey "Jaws" Chestnut's record-setting 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut took home the Mustard Belt after downing 74 franks and buns in 10 minutes - two more than he did last year. Second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti ate 64.
But longtime announcer George Shea tells The Associated Press he noticed in real time that jurists measuring Chestnut's and Cincotti's intake weren't counting from two plates stacked with franks that the eaters were drawing from. The under-counted tally was then displayed on live TV.
Shea says both Chestnut and Cincotti were adamant about their scores, which were certified by Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez.
He says new judges will be used next year.
___
1 p.m.
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home his 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns he downed last year.
The heat wasn't a factor; the National Weather Service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees.
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed her down in winning the women's competition.
That didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
___
11 a.m.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) downed 37 franks to win her fifth straight title in the women's competition of the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The Las Vegas competitor fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men's competition later Wednesday for the coveted Mustard Belt.
Sudo was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during her performance, which was slightly delayed after she requested new water to soak her buns.
___
12:05 a.m.
It's frankly amazing.
Chowdown champions will face off Wednesday at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, where the men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men on New York's Coney Island boardwalk. He set the record last year.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) is seeking a fifth women's title in a row. The 19-woman field includes record-holder Sonya "The Black Widow" Thomas.
Sudo downed 41 franks and buns last year. Thomas' record is 45, but she managed 30 last year.
The event attracts thousands of in-person spectators and is televised on ESPN.
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) In what coach Bruce Arians called ”great news,” Arizona Cardinals running back David Johnson's knee injury is not serious and will not require surgery.
An MRI showed Johnson has a left MCL sprain that would require six to eight weeks of rest and rehabilitation.
Johnson, speaking to reporters on Monday, said he knew a few moments after the injury that it wasn't serious because of the amount of weight he could put on the leg and his ability to move around.
The injury ended his NFL record string of at least 100 yards from scrimmage in each of the first 15 games of a season. He also fell short in his bid to be the third player to have 1,000 yards rushing and 1,000 yards receiving in the same season. Johnson ended up with 1,239 yards rushing and 879 receiving.
—
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP-NFL
Goal of the Week | Fan Nominations via Twitter
Lend your voice to the AT&T Goal of the Week nomination process. You can nominate a goal by sending a tweet using #ATTGOTW and the player's name. View all goal clips
Warning: this story contains offensive content.
A zealous band of Russian trolls flooded Twitter with hundreds of thousands of divisive posts in 2016 — accusing Democrats of satanic practices and supporting rape — in an attempt to influence the presidential election, according to a new analysis of a Twitter database by NBC News.
The effort tricked thousands of users into spreading graphic racial epithets across social media, interweaving provocative content with disinformation and falsehoods.
The tweets were uncovered in a database more than 202,000 deleted Russian troll tweets that NBC News compiled from three sources familiar with Twitter's application programming interface, or API, an online system that allows outside software developers to work with the data underlying users' tweets.
The set was created by cross-referencing the list of 2,752 confirmed Russian trolls released by the House Intelligence Committee in October against recorded tweets held by the sources. It resulted in a database of tweets from more than 450 of the accounts operated by Russia's Internet Research Agency "troll factory" sent from June 03, 2011 to August 26, 2017.
All of the sources asked for anonymity to avoid being identified as possibly violating Twitter's developer policy; two of the sources asked not to be identified because they didn't want to become targets of Russian trolls themselves.
While Twitter has removed the tweets from public view, NBC News was able to cross-reference many of the tweets between the datasets and online archives.
The resulting tweets represent a sampling of the total content produced by the trolls.
According to Michael McFaul, who was the U.S. ambassador to Russia from 2012 to 2014 in the Obama administration, the provocative tweets are evidence of the Kremlin's campaign to support Donald Trump, damage Hillary Clinton, and disrupt conversation during the 2016 presidential race.
The objective was to "sow doubt and discord in America," McFaul said. "That's part of a grander strategy of making everything relative. There is no truth. There is no democracy versus autocracy."
Russians, who literally invented the word "disinformation," or dezinformatsiya, to define the practice of spreading a deliberate lie in order to deceive, digitized their craft and injected it right into our election.
Satanic rituals
One of the memes boosted by the trolls tried to tie candidate Clinton to satanism and the occult.
Besides the well-known "#Pizzagate" hoax, the trolls stirred up rumors that Clinton and her campaign manager John Podesta attended a satanic ritual, a story that the fact-checking site Snopes has labeled "false."
The rumors began after WikiLeaks obtained and began publishing emails hacked from Podesta's personal Gmail account. In one of the emails, Podesta's brother asks if he will be attending a "Spirit Cooking" dinner party thrown by the performance artist Marina Abramović.
On Nov. 4, 2016, just days before the election, WikiLeaks directed followers to a blog post on a site that dug up videos from a 1996 surrealist "Spirit Cooking" installation by Abramović that included phrases such as “with a sharp knife cut deeply into the middle finger of your left hand eat the pain,” in pig's blood on the gallery wall.
Abramović later said that John Podesta didn't attend the dinner, which she held to thank her Kickstarter contributors, and that the event involved cooking traditional soups at her apartment.
The verbatim tweets sent by confirmed Russian trolls on the list released by the House Intelligence Committee showed an effort to amplify the satanic narrative.
"BREAKING : Clinton Foundation Paid Occult "Spirit Cooking" Priestess 10K For 'Operational Support,'" tweeted Russian troll @WorldnewsPoli on Nov. 5.
"RT @_Makada_: WikiLeaks: Clinton Campaign Chair John Podesta Attended Satanic "Spirit Cooking" Ritual #SpiritCooking," tweeted Russian troll @_NickLuna_ one day before.
And troll @J0hnLarsen tweeted, "RT @KevinAnth: I liked a @YouTube video from @markdice https://t.co/jPvIB1pNTr Hillary Clinton "Spirit Cooking" Satanic Ritual."
Screencap of a November 4th, 2016 tweet from FOX News host Sean Hannity's account.
The story was boosted by Russian trolls and conservative websites, including the Drudge Report and Fox News host Sean Hannity's website and Twitter feed, spinning it into a tale of devil worship and a bizarre blood feast.
Popular right-wing news aggregation site Drudge Report ran an above-the-fold image to promote the unsubstantiated Clinton occult ritual story.
Within hours, #spiritcooking was trending on Twitter.
"We know well from cognitive science that once you've read something, especially if it's framed as news, it's difficult to discount as fake even if you've been told it's fake," Jeff Hancock, a communications professor at Stanford University and the founding director of the Stanford Social Media Lab, told NBC News.
And when individuals already agree with the premise of the falsehood — for instance, that Hillary Clinton isn't trustworthy — ignoring outright lies becomes even more difficult, he said.
"Our default is truth," Hancock said. "We have to work hard on disbelieving."
Rape
Another effort made by the trolls was to tie Democrats and liberals to support of rape. Over 460 of the tweets contained the word "rape" or a variation, like "rapefugees."
For instance, the prolific Russian troll account @TEN_GOP tweeted, "Just 2 days after #NiceAttack stupid liberals welcome #rapefugees! How stupid! #RNCinCLE," on July 17, 2016.
"RT @wiredterrier: @ThePatriot143 Women who vote Hillary are telling their daughters rape is ok and they will be slandered on top of it," tweeted Russian troll @EmileeWarren on Oct. 15, 2016.
At another point during the campaign, one troll account replied to another user's tweet about Donald Trump's relationship with his oldest daughter, Ivanka, twisting it to make it a lewd reference to one of President Barack Obama's daughters.
Racism
The Russian trolls also incorporated racist slurs, themes, and topics into their messages.
One line of attack again distorted an element from one of Podesta's stolen emails. Clinton had forwarded an Israeli op-ed article about a Muslim man left to die on the side of the road. The original author referred to how the authorities might have thought of the man as a "sand n-----." A cropped screen grab was taken out of context and reframed to say Clinton was referring to Muslims using the epithet, and then spun up through Twitter through the Russian troll accounts.
"RT @ObamaBash: Never #HillaryBecause While calling Trump a racist in a leaked email she referred to a Muslim man as a "SAND N-----," tweeted @hyddrox on Oct. 15, 2016, a few days after the second presidential debates.
Snopes reported that the claim circulating on social media that Clinton had used the derogatory term was "false."
Some of the accounts also weighed in heavily on racially charged topics, like the protests in Ferguson, Missouri, in the summer of 2014 after the death of an unarmed black teenager, Michael Brown, at the hands of a white police officer whom a grand jury later declined to indict on any charges.
"All of those protesters in Ferguson, your hand are covered with blood! #CopsWillBeCops #FergusonShooting," tweeted Russian troll @EvaGreen69 on March 15, 2015.
Another tweet by a Russian troll account @staywoke88 that pretended to be a Black Lives Matter protester took the most infamous white nationalist slogan and tweaked it to make it appear to be a pro-black statement.
A screengrab of a retweet posted by a Russian troll which references the notorious white nationalist slogan, "We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children." The profile face has been blurred because former Russian trolls said they have stolen online profile photos for their social media avatars.
Experts said the topics were deliberately chosen to exploit long-simmering differences in American culture.
"The point of a disinformation operation is not to create new rifts in society — it's to drive the rifts that are there further apart," said Graham Brookie, deputy director of the Digital Forensic Research Lab at the Atlantic Council, a Washington-based international relations think tank.
Election-year distortions
According to reports of leaked internal documents from the Internet Research Agency, trolls were given specific topics and talking points and assigned daily quotas.
By insinuating themselves into different niche online dialogues during the 2016 presidential race and pushing the conversational boundaries, the Russian trolls signaled to others in the conversation that it was acceptable to make more extreme statements.
"Even if they're not going to say 'Hillary Clinton is responsible for #PizzaGate,' it lowers the barrier of cost to say, 'Lock her up,'" Brookie said. "That's a very useful output for someone who wants to sow chaos in a democratic institution."
And even if readers rejected the outlandish statements, the trolls still grabbed their attention. For the Russian propagandists, that in itself was a win.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Inside a Russia troll factory 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In the end, the troll strategy was an export of methods Russia has used for years domestically to get citizens to see themselves not as part of a nation but as members of smaller ethnic and identity-based groups, and play all sides against each other.
"They want us fighting among ourselves," said McFaul, the former ambassador. "Then we're distracted. We're not talking about Syria. We're not talking about American leadership. We're questioning whether democracy will survive. We're less of a player internationally — and that's good for Russia."
In brief: Boom Supersonic has gotten another boost towards its goal of commercial supersonic flight by 2023. Boom founder Blake Scholl has announced a partnership with Japan Airlines, which invested $10 million in the company.
SUPERSONIC FLIGHT'S ROCKY PAST
We are one step closer to an affordable reboot of supersonic flight. Japan Airlines (JAL) has invested $10 million in the Denver-based aerospace company, Boom Supersonic, that's planning to resurrect the method of travel. In exchange for their funding, JAL will be able to pre-order 20 of the new aircraft. The airline's president, Yoshiharu Ueki, said in a press release from December 5: “Through this partnership, we hope to contribute to the future of supersonic flight with the intent of providing more time to our valued passengers while emphasizing flight safety.”
It's been 14 years since British Airways and Air France grounded their Concorde fleets, and commercial air travel hasn't hit supersonic speeds since. Fourteen of these planes ferried first-class passengers from New York to London at speeds of 1,353 mph (2177.44 kph) — twice as fast as the speed of sound — making the jaunt across the pond in only 3.5 hours. That's about half the time it takes a normal passenger plane to cross the Atlantic Ocean.
But the supersonic travel industry was hampered by prohibitive costs. Not only did it need four times as much fuel per passenger as a Boeing 747 airbus, but the average cost of a round-trip ticket was $12,000. Passenger numbers also dropped dramatically after the fiery crash of Air France Flight 4590 in Paris killed everyone on board.
A “BABY” CONCORDE
“We've been working with Japan Airlines behind the scenes for over a year now,” said Blake Scholl, founder and CEO of Boom Supersonic in the press release. The companies have been collaborating to improve the plane's design for passengers on board in addition to technical aspects.
A Denver jury sided with pop star Taylor Swift on Monday, finding that a local radio personality sexually assaulted her four years ago.
The jury, which awarded Swift a symbolic $1 in the civil trial, rejected the the disc jockey's claim that Taylor's mother and a member of her management team improperly interfered with his job and helped get him fired.
It took the eight-member jury roughly four hours to reach the decision.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Taylor Swift's Attorney: Win Gives 'Courage and Inspiration' to All People 0:47 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In a statement, Swift thanked her lawyers “for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by sexual assault” and said she was planning donations that will help other victims defend themselves in court.
"I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this,” she said. “My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard.”
The trial began after David Mueller, 55, filed a lawsuit claiming Swift, 27, had him wrongfully fired. He'd asked for $3 million.
Swift countersued, arguing that Mueller groped her during a June 2, 2013 concert at the Pepsi Center in Denver. She asked for only $1.
Related: Here's Why Taylor Swift Chose to Sue for $1 in Sex Assault Case
U.S. District Judge William Martinez dismissed Mueller's suit against Swift on Friday — though he allowed the former DJ's claim that Swift's mother and a member of her management team interfered with his $150,000 a year contract at KYGO-FM to go forward.
DJ David Mueller speaks during the alleged groping trial with Taylor Swift on August 8, 2017 at the Denver Federal Court in Denver, Colorado. Jeff Kandyba
Martinez previously dismissed Mueller's defamation-of-character claim against Swift because he waited too long to file it.
During closing arguments on Monday, Mueller's lawyer, Gabriel McFarland, told the jury his client would have never compromised his “dream job” to reach under the skirt of one of “the planet's biggest superstars.”
Mueller, he added, is a “guy who by all accounts has been respectful of women and treated them appropriately.”
As McFarland spoke, Swift wept, Reuters reported.
Related: Taylor Swift's Former Bodyguard Says He Saw DJ Reach Under Singer's Skirt
Doug Baldridge, Swift's lawyer, countered that eight witnesses saw the assault, and that Mueller lost his job because “he grabbed her butt and got caught. Now he's victimizing her again to save his butt.”
An American college student who vanished over the weekend in Bermuda was found dead on Monday, authorities said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Missing college student found dead in Bermuda 1:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
James Howard, acting assistant commissioner of the Bermuda Police Service, told reporters that the body of 19-year-old Mark Dombroski was found in a moat roughly one mile from the restaurant and bar where relatives last saw him just after midnight on Sunday.
A freshman, Dombroski had been in Bermuda to compete in an international rugby tournament on Thursday with St. Joseph's, a Jesuit university in suburban Philadelphia. He was scheduled to return home on Sunday.
“Foul play is not ruled out right now,” Howard said, adding that forensic specialists were still examining the scene and the body.
Surveillance footage captured Dombroski walking on a street a half-mile from the Dog House, a bar where he was last seen. It was roughly an hour after he'd left, and he was alone and talking on a cell phone, the police service said in a separate statement.
Mark Dombroski via Bermuda Police Service
\
After a relative reported Dombroski missing at 9:39 a.m. local time (8:39 a.m. ET) Sunday morning, a team of 21 police officers and 15 military personnel conducted a grid search in a residential area east of the Dog House, Howard said.
A police sergeant found the teen's body, Howard said.
“We continue to appeal for witnesses and anyone with information on the last known whereabouts of 19-year-old Mark Dombroski,” Howard said.
Job growth hit a milestone Friday under the Trump administration as American employers added another 200,000 positions in January for a record 88 months of consecutive hiring increases, the Labor Department reported.
The number is an uptick from December's revised increase of 160,000 jobs.
Economists were most keenly watching not the number of jobs but how much more people are being paid to do them.
Wages increased at 2.9 percent versus last year.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Will artificial intelligence take human jobs? 1:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The increase in average hourly earnings was the fastest of the recovery so far, raising hopes that the tide was finally turning. However, wage growth acceleration has surged forward at different times during the economic upswing, only to fall back again.
Despite the streak of overall employment gains that began six years before President Donald Trump took office, wage growth has remained stubbornly tepid.
Any increase is good for workers but the uptick is barely enough to keep pace with inflation, or how much more everything costs, which stands at an estimated 2.38 percent. This minimizes the impact of any nominal wage increases. If you're getting paid $3 more but your groceries also cost $2.75 more you're not really getting ahead.
Following the business-first GOP tax cut in December, employers opted to give workers one-time bonuses — but not pay raises — and pledged to invest in hiring and capital improvements. Tax experts also expect companies to invest in stock buybacks and dividends, rewarding shareholders but not necessarily employees.
Despite the tax cut windfall, employers have also been reluctant to spend down their record cash reserves on pay raises, which would raise their overall liabilities on an ongoing basis.
Many of the announced numbers largely include spending the companies were planning to do anyway. And much of that investment is going toward automation, which is destroying jobs faster than the economy can retrain displaced workers.
The unemployment rate remained unchanged at 4.1 percent. The U-6, or "real unemployment" rate, went up a tenth of a percent, to 8.2 percent.
If you can't bring the audience to the TV show, bring the TV show to the audience.
That seems to be the strategy as Canadian television struggles to survive the current upheaval in the industry.
This fall, CBC has sent stars from two of its series — “Murdoch Mysteries” and “Kim's Convenience” — to various Canadian cities in an attempt to strengthen connections with their viewers. The live audience response has been encouraging. More than 700 fans lined up to see “Murdoch” stars Yannick Bisson and Helene Joy last Sunday at the Vancouver Police Museum. In the same city, 1,200 people recently jammed a sold-out screening with the cast of “Kim's Convenience.”
For “Murdoch,” catering to its loyal fan base is paying off. The Monday night drama returned to 1,227,000 total viewers for its 11th season premiere.
For all shows made in Canada, it's is clear that reaching out to viewers has become more important than ever. The clutter of competition, especially on streaming services is steadily chipping away at the broadcast television audience.
The erosion seems more apparent than ever this fall. In English Canada, based on the first three weeks of the season, the total available TV audience among broadcasters CBC, CTV, City and Global is down eight per cent year-to-year. Among viewers aged 25 to 54, a demographic advertiser covet the most, the drop is 12 per cent in all day parts, according to Numeris, which measures TV viewership in Canada.
This mirrors similar declines to start this season among American broadcasters. Even NFL viewership has been thrown for a nine per cent loss year-to-year in the United States.
In the United States, this is the fifth straight yearly decline. Viewers have migrated by the millions to less expensive streaming services such as Netflix. They are, in turn, “cord cutting” the old link to cable and satellite providers. According to one recent report, as much as 22 per cent of the U.S. population is now “cordless.”
The unusually warm weather in parts of Canada has also likely contributed to the drop. Some viewers are simply enjoying the outdoors while they can.
All of these factors are making the perennial challenge of bringing Canadian content to Canadian viewers even more difficult.
For example: Rogers-owned City introduced the limited run drama “Bad Blood” in September. Boasting an all-star cast of Canadians and Americans, including Kim Coates, Anthony LaPaglia, Paul Sorvino and Enrico Colantoni, the Thursday night drama has received rave reviews from critics.
Overnight ratings, however, were disappointing. “Bad Blood” drew just 209,000 viewers across Canada in Week 1 and 216,000 the second week.
The series, however, saw the premiere receive a 31 per cent lift in total audience once ratings gathered over a seven day period were added.
A similar bounce occurred for CBC's new Monday night drama “Alias Grace.” The series, based on a novel by Margaret Atwood, launched to 442,000 overnight viewers on Sept. 25. The total audience counted over a seven day period jumped 45 per cent to 636,000 viewers.
The second year comedy “Kim's Convenience,” which has stiff timeslot competition up against popular imports “Bull” and “This is Us,” had a so-so overnight tally upon its return: 516,000 viewers. That audience jumped nearly 50 per cent to 757,000 viewers once the PVR and streaming numbers were added, with 43 per cent being in the sought-after 25-54-year-old range.
That total number is down from “Kim's” average audience from a year ago, but so are audience numbers for just about every single show, domestic or import, on every Canadian network this fall.
Sally Catto, CBC's general manager of programming, said she's OK with Canadians watching imports live and Canadian shows later on their PVRs.
“It doesn't matter to me when they watch it,” she says. “I don't think we can afford or expect audiences to tune in any more just on that old-fashioned, linear schedule timeline.”
— Bill Brioux is a freelance TV columnist based in Brampton, Ont.
Why it matters to you Intel will apparently not only support USB 3.1 Gen2 connectivity within its chipset for motherboards, but Wi-Fi supporting gigabit connectivity as well.
In November of 2016, unnamed sources stemming from motherboard makers and component suppliers claimed that Intel planned to inject USB 3.1 Gen2 and Wi-Fi connectivity into its upcoming eighth-generation “Cannon Lake” 300 Series chipsets. Now a supposed “leaked” slide created by Intel backs those claims, showing what the chipset will support later this year. The authenticity of the slide is questionable given that it doesn't have any Intel-based info or branding, AS typically seen on official slides.
Here is the info versus the current details regarding Intel's latest seventh-generation “Kaby Lake” 200 Series chipset:
200 Series PCH-H 300 Series PCH-H Total number of high-speed I/O ports: Up to 30 with flexibility Up to 30 with flexibility PCI Express 3.0 lanes: Up to 24 lanes Up to 24 lanes USB 3.1 Gen1 ports (5Gbps): Up to 10 ports Up to 10 ports total USB 3.1 Gen2 ports (10Gbps): — Up to 6 ports (part of Gen1 total) SATA 3.0 ports (6Gbps): Up to 6 Up to 6 M.2 SSD ports: Up to three x4 ports Up to three x4 ports Intel Optane support: Yes Yes DMI speed: x4 3.0 X4 3.0 Maximum processor PCIe 3.0 configurations: 1×16
2×8
1×8 + 2×4 1×16
2×8
1×8 + 2×4 Integrated Wireless AC support (gigabit Wi-Fi/Bluetooth CNV): — Yes
As the supposed leaked slide shows, the only difference between the two chipsets (for now) is that the 300 Series includes USB 3.1 Gen2 technology, Wireless AC, and Bluetooth connectivity. To be clear, the collective that manages the USB standard redefined USB 3.0 when the second generation became final. Thus, USB 3.0 is now USB 3.1 Gen1 with speeds of up to 5Gbps. The new USB 3.1 Gen2 standard, which is usually associated with Type-C physical connections (Type-A is the full-sized rectangular port) and Thunderbolt 3, speeds along at up to 10Gbps.
That said, Intel's chipsets have supported USB 3.0/USB 3.1 Gen1 since the standard became golden. And now that USB 3.1 Gen2 is becoming more mainstream, Intel appears to be adding support for that 10Gbps connection as well. The fact that the leaked slide uses USB 3.0 terminology leads to speculation that perhaps it is nothing more than a screenshot of a document table conjured up by theorists using Intel-like colors for an “authentic” feel.
In addition to USB 3.1 Gen2, the slide also suggests gigabit Wi-Fi. If that holds true, this detail could indicate that Intel plans to incorporate a component based on the 802.11ac Wave2 standard, which has a theoretical throughput range of up to 2.34Gbps by incorporating MU-MIMO technology. The Wave1 standard generally used today has a theoretical maximum throughput rate of 1.3Gbps based on SU-MIMO technology. Intel may wait on using the newer 802.11ad specification until the 400 Series chipset hits the market at the end of the year.
Gov. Fayose's Brother Leaves PDP For ADP – Concise News
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (AP) - Watching NFL football games on your phone used to be mainly limited to Verizon customers. Soon anyone will be able to watch football games on the go for free on Yahoo's app, now that Verizon owns Yahoo.
But people who want to watch football through online-TV services like Sling will have more problems. An NFL game on ESPN will still be blocked on the Sling app on a phone - and starting next season, on tablets, too. Verizon apps will have the exclusive rights on phones and tablets.
Verizon bought Yahoo in June and is trying to build a digital ad business to rival Facebook and Google. Verizon's multi-year deal with the NFL takes effect in January. Playoffs will stream on Yahoo, Verizon's app go90 and the NFL's own app.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
For the love of Winged Beans Young entrepreneurs reinvent what it means to eat healthy
Now that the first month of university is over, most students have come to the realization that eating healthy is not only difficult, but a lot of the time expensive and inconvenient.
My plan to meal prep and eat right didn't last past the first week of September, and the hunt for an affordable wholesome eatery near campus was not as fruitful as I hoped.
In dire need of a break from over-priced pizza, I turned to Instagram.
That's when I came across an account boasting all plant-based and gluten-free meals, from curried beet soup with crisp tandoori chickpeas to Swedish-style lentil “meatballs” and mushroom gravy.
The Winged Bean is a Hamilton-based service that allows you to pick a subscription plan, while the chefs cook your meals on a weekly rotation and deliver them right to your door at no extra cost.
Every week features a new menu, but their commitment to entirely animal product-free, gluten-free and locally sourced meals stays the same.
A five-meal subscription is amounts to a little over $7 per meal, making it one of the most affordable vegan friendly options in Hamilton.
At only 20 years old, Daniil Kiselev and Melanie Kuntz founded the Winged Bean.
Kiselev and Kuntz met at McMaster University in their first year, where they found themselves in a draining cycle of spending long hours studying, then cooking, then back to studying.
As vegans, it was difficult for them to eat well on a budget.
For aspiring vegans or anyone who wants to adopt a plant-based regime for their own health and the wellbeing of the environment, it's even more difficult.
“For us, it's been all our friends and people around us who genuinely appreciate that sort of lifestyle, but don't follow it because of the difficulties,” explained Kiselev. “[The Winged Bean is a] solution that we made up and it fit in with both aspects of having a plant-based routine and an affordable and convenient [eating] solution.”
The Winged Bean also recognizes that eating plant-based foods can also change lives. Seven years ago, Kuntz was diagnosed with Crohn's disease, a chronic inflammatory disease of the digestive tract that led to countless hospital stays.
“What was really able to help her out, and she's been in remission ever since, is switching to a plant-based diet; that's one of the reasons why we're such huge advocates and it's been amazing how many issues have been solved by eating that way,” explained Kiselev.
The Winged Bean's 100 per cent gluten-free policy allows them to cater to a demand in the food industry and expand their market reach.
Kiselev and Kuntz' experience in the food industry spans several years but as first-time entrepreneurs, their passion for good and purpose driven food is what fuels their ambition to run their business.
The Winged Bean launched in July, but has been in the works since Aug. 2016. Kiselev and Kuntz decided to take time off university and pursue their idea full-time. They've had the support of The Forge, a McMaster-affiliated entrepreneurship initiative and Innovation Factory, Hamilton's incubator for start-ups.
Since then, Kiselev and Kuntz have been doing what they love: cooking, innovating recipes and changing the perception of plant-based foods in Hamilton.
“A big part of having plant-based food is that many people think that it's boring, many people think that it's just salads, nuts and lettuce, and we wanted to combat that and show people that there is [an ethnically diverse] variety of foods…. The idea is to show people that it can be both delicious and vary by cuisine,” said Kiselev.
Many Indian dishes that are traditionally plant-based, such as chana masala and coconut curry, inspire the Winged Bean. Kiselev and Kuntz also get creative with substituting for vegan-friendly ingredients to create dishes like cauliflower “butter chicken”.
The Middle Eastern-inspired falafel platter, Italian-inspired handmade gnocchi with basil pesto, and the reinvention of Texas' chili with quinoa and lime cashew cream make the Winged Bean menu a multicultural experience for customers and even the founders.
“We're both Eastern European, and for us it's been a change…. Eastern European cuisine is generally very heavy on meats and dairy, which is the opposite of what we do, so we've been having a lot of fun trying to convert those recipes and try and make them plant-based. We have a lentil-walnut ‘kotleti' served with cranberry sauce; [the goal is] to copy the Christmas dinner at your grandma's,” explained Kiselev.
The Winged Bean currently only serves Hamilton, but Kiselev and Kuntz' envision their business moving out of their rental kitchen at the Kitchen Collective and expanding to their own production facility that will service all of Ontario.
Rather than opening up a restaurant, their business model allows them to keep operation costs low, increase affordability to their customers and profitability for themselves. With the Winged Bean, customers can skip the fast food, lines and dishes.
Since then, Kiselev and Kuntz have been doing what they love: cooking, innovating recipes and changing the perception of plant-based foods in Hamilton.
Review
For $39 I was able to try The Winged Bean's five meal subscription plan. The price included five individually packaged meals delivered straight to the Silhouette door in a cooler bag embellished with The Winged Bean logo. The containers were microwave friendly and all I had to do was heat and eat! For someone who's always on the go, it was a convenient and cost-effective solution. As for presentation, the general tso tofu, chana masala and basil pesto pasta looked fresh, colourful and visually appealing.
The chana masala and cauliflower ‘butter chicken' were less spicy and emphasized the taste of tomato more than I'm used to, but the crispy chickpeas made up for that.
The Swedish-style “meatballs” looked plain compared to the other dishes. As a meat-eater I was hesitant to try the disguised lentils but I have to say I was impressed by the taste.
The general tso tofu won me over. I only like my tofu fried, but this dish is an exception I'm more than happy to make. I love contrasting flavours, and this dish is sweet and savoury thanks to the touch of peanut butter, maple syrup and black sesame seeds.
Overall, The Winged Bean is not only an easy way to eat right but it's tasty multicultural experience too!
Comments
(AP Photo/Julie Jacobson). Atlanta Braves' Ender Inciarte steals third base safely as New York Yankees third baseman Brandon Drury leaps for the throw high during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in New York.
(AP Photo/Julie Jacobson). Atlanta Braves' Ender Inciarte (11) is congratulated by Nick Markakis after scoring against the New York Yankees during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in New York.
(AP Photo/Julie Jacobson). New York Yankees starting pitcher CC Sabathia delivers against the Atlanta Braves during the third inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in New York.
(AP Photo/Julie Jacobson). New York Yankees' Aaron Judge reacts as he heads down the third baseline after hitting a solo home run against the Atlanta Braves during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in New York.
By ADRY TORRES
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Giancarlo Stanton hit a three-run homer, CC Sabathia pitched six effective innings, and the New York Yankees beat the Atlanta Braves 6-2 on Wednesday.
Aaron Judge added his 24th homer of the season in the seventh inning. He's now homered in three of his past four games.
Rookie second baseman Gleyber Torres left the game in the top of the fifth inning because of tightness in his right hip and will be placed on the 10-day disabled list with a right hip strain.
Catcher Kyle Higashioka also homered for the Yankees, becoming the ninth player since 1920 whose first three hits were home runs. Colorado's Trevor Story homered for his first four big league hits on April 4-6, 2016.
Sabathia (6-3) worked out of a couple of jams for the Yankees, who have won six of their past eight after getting swept in three games at Tampa last weekend.
National League East-leading Atlanta loaded the bases with two outs in the first, but the 37-year-old struck out 20-year-old phenom Ronald Acuna Jr. on an 88 mph cutter.
The Braves have lost their past two games.
New York took a 1-0 lead in the second inning on Greg Bird's RBI single off Atlanta starter Julio Teheran (6-6), who lasted just five innings, allowing five hits and five runs. He walked four and struck out 10.
The Yankees got to Teheran again in the third.
With a runner on first and two outs, Aaron Hicks walked. Stanton then fell behind 0-2 before hitting a line drive to the right field bleachers for his 21st homer of the season to make it 4-0.
After retiring the first two batters in the fourth, Teheran fell behind 2-0 against Higashioka before the 30-year-old rookie connected to the left field stands, extending the lead to 5-0.
The Braves cut the deficit to 5-1 on an RBI grounder from Danny Santana with one out in the fifth. Johan Camargo hit his ninth home run of the season with two outs in the sixth that made it 5-2. But Sabathia limited the damage by retiring Dansby Swanson on a grounder to second with a runner aboard.
Atlanta failed to take advantage in the seventh inning against reliever Chad Green when its first two batters reached on a pair of singles. Green then got three fly outs to end the threat.
PUT ME IN COACH
With New York set to play 11 games in 10 days, beginning Friday at Toronto, Yankees manager Aaron Boone said he wanted to be "greedy" with Thursday being their only day off, and held Austin Romine out of the starting lineup for the fourth consecutive day. Higashioka started for the fourth straight time behind the plate.
The Yankees have been short-handed at catcher since Romine left the game on June 29 against Boston in the seventh inning because of a tight left hamstring. Gary Sanchez has been on the 10-day disabled list since June 25 because of a strained right groin.
GET OUT AND VOTE
New York has one of the best records in baseball but it only has one player, Aaron Judge, among the eight leading vote getters on the American League squad for the All-Star Game that will be played July 17 at Washington. The starters for the Midsummer Classic will be revealed on Sunday.
Boone believes that Judge, the 2017 Home Run Derby champion, will have company to make the trip to the nation's capital.
"I mean you look around the league - and I haven't looked at the voting lately - but we were actually talking about guys that might make off our team or guys that are certainly on that conversation and we have a number of those players," Boone said. "Hopefully we'll be well represented. We certainly have deserving guys."
TRAINER'S ROOM
Braves: 1B Freddie Freeman, who was hit by a pitch in the third inning, left the game after the fourth because of a contusion in his right upper arm.
WELCOME BACK
LHP Luiz Gohara, the No. 3 prospect in the Atlanta organization, arrived about 90 minutes before the first pitch after he was called up from Triple-A Gwinnett for the second time this season. RHP Evan Phillips, who threw 2 1/3 innings Tuesday night, was sent down to Triple-A.
UP NEXT
Braves: Max Fried (1-2, 2.55 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game series at NL Central-leading Milwaukee on Thursday. Fried struck out 11 over 6 2/3 scoreless innings in his previous start against St. Louis.
Yankees: Sonny Gray (5-6, 5.44) gets the nod for the first of three games at Toronto as New York heads out on an 11-game, three city trips. Gray has lost his past two starts, giving up 10 runs and 13 hits in nine innings.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
HOUSTON - Singer Pink is giving her fans time to plan the anticipated and potential Houston Rockets' playoff schedule at the Toyota Center by moving her concert date.
She moved the Sunday, April 29 concert to Friday, April 27.
Refunds will be available at point of purchase.
For more information, click here.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
FORMER Whites winger Lee Sharpe believes Leeds United must spend big in this summer's transfer window to be rewarded with the ultimate prize of the riches of the Premier League.
United are facing up to their 15th consecutive season outside of the country's top flight following relegation in 2004.
Lee Sharpe.
The Whites are set to up the ante in their recruitment this summer with Hull City striker Abel Hernandez and Swansea City centre-back Kyle Bartley two of United's main targets and Sharpe is of the belief that spending big is the only way to go up.
“I think it's just about cash,” Sharpe told the YEP.
“I think it's about getting the right amount of cash in and getting the right manager in to bring in the right players to guarantee that you are going to get top six to at least give yourself a chance of the play-offs.
“Otherwise it's never going to work when you are competing with three clubs that are coming down with parachute payments and against other clubs that are putting big investments into the club – like last season the likes of Fulham and Wolves.
It's a no-brainer to me to throw 30, 40 or maybe even 50 million pounds at it for the money that would come in return for the Premier League. Lee Sharpe
“It's a really tough league to get out of and to give yourself the best opportunity you have got to throw some cash at it to get some good people in there.
“It's a no-brainer to me to throw 30, 40 or maybe even 50 million pounds at it for the money that would come in return for the Premier League. It's an absolute no-brainer.”
United's coffers were boosted earlier this month when the club announced that the investment arm of NFL giants the San Francisco 49ers had acquired a shareholding of more than 10 per cent by investing around £10m.
The 49ers appointed its president Paraag Marathe to United's board after agreeing an equity deal with Leeds owner Andrea Radrizzani.
Lee Sharpe.
United's Italian owner is now set to decide whether head coach Paul Heckingbottom will remain in his role next term.
Houston Astros' George Springer (4) and Jose Altuve (27) celebrate after they scored on teammate Carlos Correa's double in Game 2 of baseball's American League Division Series against the Boston Red Sox, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Houston. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip)
HOUSTON (AP) — Carlos Correa homered, doubled and drove in four runs, Jose Altuve got two more hits and the Houston Astros hammered the Boston Red Sox 8-2 Friday to take a commanding 2-0 lead in the AL Division Series.
George Springer also homered to back Dallas Keuchel in Houston's second straight romp by the exact same score.
The Astros will go for a sweep in the best-of-five matchup Sunday at Fenway Park.
A day after Altuve hit three home runs in the playoff opener, he got things going with a two-out single in the first inning off Drew Pomeranz. Correa, who went 0 for 4 on Thursday, made it 2-0 when he launched a towering shot onto the train tracks atop left field.
Keuchel pitched into the sixth, allowing one run and three hits while striking out seven.
After Jackie Bradley Jr. had an RBI single in the Boston second, the Astros started to break away.
Springer hit his first postseason homer when he sent the second pitch of the third inning into the front row of the seats in right field.
A double by Alex Bregman set up an RBI single by Altuve later in the inning, making it 4-1 and ending Pomeranz's first career postseason start after two relief appearances. The lefty kept his head down as he trudged toward the dugout after being lifted.
David Price, the starter-turned-reliever with the $217 million contract, pitched 2 2/3 scoreless innings for the Red Sox. Following his exit, Houston tacked on four runs in the sixth.
A two-out intentional walk to Altuve, the major league batting champion this season, led to a two-run double by Correa. The top overall pick in the 2012 draft and crown jewel of Houston's years-long rebuilding project raised his hands in delight and motioned for the crowd to get louder as he stopped at second base.
Red Sox right fielder Mookie Betts had an error that looked like it was pulled from a blooper reel earlier in the sixth when he caught a fly ball by Bregman then simply lost the ball as he tried to throw it back in. Betts looked confused as the ball dribbled away from him and he was charged with an error, allowing a run to score.
Keuchel, the 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner, known as much for his beard as his devastating sinker, was cheered on by Houston's other famous bearded superstar as Rockets guard James Harden watched from a front-row seat behind home plate.
Keuchel's father, Dennis, also was in attendance and multiple television shots showed him looking a mixture of excited and nervous as he gazed at his son's work.
The left-hander had trouble settling in early and after needing 30 pitches to get through the second inning, it looked like his third postseason start might be a short one. But he struck out the last two batters of that inning as the first of 13 straight he retired.
Keuchel exited to a standing ovation after walking Hanley Ramirez with two outs in the sixth inning.
Altuve, who hit .346 this year, kept punishing pitchers. After singling in his first two trips to the plate, giving him five hits in the series, the Red Sox had seen enough and intentionally walked him in the fourth. That drew a loud chorus of boos from the home crowd, which greeted Altuve with a standing ovation in his first at-bat.
Many fans held signs saying that Altuve should be this season's MVP and one behind home plate proclaimed in sparkly multi-colored letters: "Altuve, He's Pretty Good."
Boston also gave him a free pass in the sixth inning, but had to pitch to him in the seventh with the bases loaded and two outs. Austin Maddox, who gave up Altuve's third homer on Thursday, jumped into the air and pumped his fist after striking him out.
It didn't matter much. Even with the strikeout, his average in the series is .714.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Betts looks as if he might have hurt his wrist on a swing in the eighth inning. He finished the at-bat, but the Red Sox were looking at him.
UP NEXT
Doug Fister (5-9, 4.88 ERA), who pitched for the Astros last season, will start for Boston in Game 3 on Sunday. The Astros have yet to announce their Game 3 starter.
Ask any US national team fan who their favorite player of all time is and you could get many different answers: Landon Donovan, Clint Dempsey, Cobi Jones, Tim Howard. The list could go on and on, but almost any length will allow them to land on Claudio Reyna.
Reyna appeared in 112 games for the US, captaining the side in the 2006 World Cup. He was a smooth operator in the midfield who was able to control a game with his technical ability and passing vision. Those abilities also allowed him to have a sterling career in Europe, playing for Bayer Leverkusen, Wolfsburg, Rangers and Manchester City.
Reyna is now the sporting director for New York City FC and part of his job is evaluating youth talent in his academy. That task could be hard, given the fact that the best player in that academy just might be his son.
Giovanni Reyna is 14 years old, and already one of the “4-5 the best players in the entire pool,” according to one US Soccer scout. He played in a central attacking midfielder and as a false No. 9 for NYCFC's Under-16 squad and led that team to the Premier Division title on Saturday night at the 2017 Generation adidas Cup. This despite NYCFC being the youngest team in the tournament.
Reyna earned a penalty kick in extratime of the final against Tigres UANL, after gliding by a defender, and put the spot kick away to give his side a 1-0 win.
"He's just composed, he doesn't panic on the ball. It's the quality that his father had," legendary coach Sigi Schmid told MLSsoccer.com after the game. "He might have a touch more speed, as he showed on that penalty. He's still going to grow, he's still going to mature into his body but his composure and awareness on the field is definitely something that is very unique and good.
"You'd like to say that one day he's going to be a guy that we definitely see on the national team and that's what you hope. There are a lot of things that can happen in between but if everything goes well, he stays injury free, he continues to grow and develop and his attitude continues to stay good, soccer-wise he has all the abilities to play for the US [national team]."
Reyna operates in an attacking position for Mark Pilkington's side and his technical ability has been matched by only a few at this tournament. His first touch is sharp, and his awareness of his teammates' movements and the defenders trying to mark him is evident. He consistently sprays balls accurately out to his wingers, but can also play an incisive pass to cut out defensive lines.
While he is not the fastest player on the field, Reyna's exceptional balance helps him glide by defenders while on the ball, and he's rarely taken off the ball, despite not being one of the stronger players. Unlike many others, he does not slow down when the ball is on his foot, but is able to keep his pace. He had just two goals and one assist in this tournament, but he has stung a few shots that have forced goalkeepers into tough saves and he's created chances that were not finished.
All of this helped him win the Golden Ball in the Premier Division, as the best player in the tournament.
When asked what it's like growing up in a house with a US national team legend, Giovanni told MLSsoccer.com last week, “I just see him as my dad.” Pretty soon US fans could start associating the last name Reyna with Giovanni rather than Claudio.
The vast majority of midsize SUVs offer headlights that fail to light up the road effectively, according to a newly released study by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety that found just two vehicles earned a “good” rating and 11 of 37 models tested fell into the “poor category.”
The list of poor performers includes some of the biggest sellers in the segment, such as the Jeep Wrangler, Ford Edge and Ford Explorer.
“We continue to see headlights that compromise safety because they only provide a short view down the road at night,” said Matt Brumbelow, a senior research engineer at IIHS.
The new IIHS study found that only two of 37 midsize SUV models delivered “good” lighting: the 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe and the 2017 Volvo XC60. Twelve models earned an “acceptable” rating, 12 more rated “marginal,” and 11 fell into the “poor” category.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Headlights on Majority of SUV's May Not be Adequate, Research Finds 1:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The low beams on the Kia Sorento, one of the worst-performing models in the test, illuminated the road for just 148 feet, compared to 315 feet for the Volvo XC60. (To put things into perspective: a vehicle going 60 mph down a freeway travels 88 feet per second.)
While many of the models performed poorly because they didn't provide enough light, others created significant glare that could distract or blind oncoming drivers. More than half of the headlights IIHS tested were faulted for that problem.
Some vehicles offer multiple headlight options, including the Hyundai Santa Fe Sport, a smaller version of the “good” rated Santa Fe. All of the Sport model's headlights created unacceptable glare, according to the IIHS test, including high-end HID lamps that can “curve” light into a corner as the vehicle turns.
The Ford Edge, one of the weaker performers in the new IIHS lighting test, created significant glare but also failed to provide enough light down the road.
Related: Why Teens Are Three Times More Likely to Die in Car Crashes
If there was any good news in the new IIHS test, it's that the midsize models fared slightly better than the smaller SUVs tested last year. At that time, 12 of 21 models were rated “poor,” while only four were deemed “acceptable.”
In the test of midsize SUV models, the models rated “poor” were the Infiniti QX60, Lincoln MKC, Lincoln MKX, Dodge Journey, Ford Edge, Ford Explorer, GMC Terrain, Hyundai Santa Fe Sport, Jeep Wrangler, Kia Sorento and Toyota 4Runner.
The Insurance Institute has frequently pushed the envelope beyond what federal safety regulations require, often resulting in improvements by vehicle manufacturers. That includes the small overlap test intended to replicate a common highway occurrence where oncoming cars clip each other's headlights. After the IIHS began releasing crash test results automakers rushed to develop ways to reduce damage and injuries from such crashes.
In the case of its new headlight tests, the IIHS appears to be pushing for change on the part of government regulators, as well as the industry. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has so far taken four years to respond to requests by the auto industry to approve for U.S. use so-called adaptive lighting technology available in Europe and Japan that can extend the range of high beams by reducing glare for oncoming drivers.
Related: Nissan to Double the Number of Vehicles with Standard Automatic Emergency Braking
But IIHS engineer Brumbelow stressed that manufacturers can't shift blame for all of the problems revealed by the trade group's new lighting tests.
“Managing glare can be more challenging for taller vehicles like SUVs and pickups because their headlights are mounted higher than on cars,” he said. “Better aim at the factory can minimize glare,” but as there are no federal standards specifically guiding the process, automakers simply weren't making an effort to reduce this problem.
LEBANON, Tenn. – - A man from Macon County, Tennessee has been arrested after deputies said he tried to help an inmate escape from the Wilson County Jail.
Officials from the Wilson County Sheriff's Office said 54-year-old Scott Ronald Dorris came to the jail on Monday, August 7 dressed as a law enforcement officer and attempted to free inmate Richard Wayne Bohanan.
Dorris was wearing a uniform polo shirt from the Macon County Sheriff's Office and told corrections officers he was an employee of the law enforcement agency. They said he also presented false documentation for the Bohanan's release.
The corrections officers recognized the documents were fake, and also noticed some inconsistencies in the way Dorris looked and acted.
They took Dorris into custody and booked him into the jail. Dorris was charged with criminal attempt to facilitate an escape and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
Bond was set at $200,000. An initial court appearance was scheduled for August 22, 2017.
It was not clear what connection Dorris had with Bohanan.
Wilson County Sheriff Robert Bryan credited the corrections officers for their awareness and quick action.
“The officers who made contact with Scott Dorris displayed incredible awareness,” said Sheriff Bryan. “Training, for situations like these, proved beneficial in maintaining a safe and secure correctional facility. This case will remain active while Dorris and other individuals may be charged as a result of this incident.”
Deputies were working with the Macon County Sheriff's Office to determine how Dorris was able to obtain the uniform shirt. They expected that additional individuals could be charged as a result of their investigation.
Axel Witsel has chosen to reject Juventus and move to China in a decision he has described as "very difficult".
Italian champions Juve have been pursuing a January move for the Zenit midfielder, with his contract in Russia due to expire at the end of the season.
They were hopeful of completing a deal, but Witsel, 27, will instead play in the Chinese Super League and earn a reported salary of €18million per year.
Reports suggest Witsel will join newly promoted Tianjin Quanjian – managed by Fabio Cannavaro – rather than Shanghai SIPG, who have also strongly pursued him.
He turned down Real Madrid to play in Russia. He turns down Juventus to play in China. What a true football lover that Witsel lad is!
💰>⚽ — Artur Petrosyan (@arturpetrosyan) January 2, 2017
"It was a very difficult decision because on one hand there was a great team and a top club like Juventus," Witsel said to Tuttosport.
"But on the other there was a crucial offer for my family that I couldn't turn down.
"The leadership at Juventus have always behaved like gentlemen with me and I can only be grateful to them.
"I will cheer for Juventus and I hope they can win the Champions League. Then who knows, maybe one day in the future our paths will finally meet."
Belgium international Witsel has won one Russian Premier League title, one Russian Cup and two Russian Super Cups since joining Zenit from Benfica in 2012 in a move worth €40million.
Chinese change! 🇨🇳Axel Witsel will sign for Tianjin (Fabio Cannavaro is their manager). NO for Shanghai SIPG. — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) January 1, 2017
But he will now leave Europe to play in the CSL, a competition which has been increasingly successful in attracting global talent.
Carlos Tevez completed a move to Shanghai Shenhua last month that reportedly makes him the world's highest-paid footballer.
Chelsea and Brazil attacking midfielder Oscar, meanwhile, is set to join Shanghai SIPG for a reported £60million.
Those signings add to the likes of Hulk, Jackson Martinez and Alex Teixeira, all of whom are playing in China after making high-profile moves.
Share
There are many treasures to discover in the realms of Norse mythology through which players venture in God of War. Not all of them are special, though. Some of the best, most important items in the game are locked in special boxes called “Nornir” chests, each marked with three magic runes. Finding them can be tough, but unlocking them is even more involved: Each of the game's Nornir chests is a puzzle unto itself.
Not to worry, though: We have scoured the realms and come back with knowledge of every single Nornir chest in God of War, and all the information necessary to unlock them. Here is all you need to know find all 23 Nornir chests and get all of their extremely useful upgrades, in the order they become available as you move through the game.
Chest No. 1: Wildwoods
You will find the first Nornir chest as Kratos and Atreus are hunting the stag. The path will take you to a stone ruin where you will fight Draugr, where you will find several paths. Atreus will try to go forward, but take the path to the right instead. Break the wood barrier you find to reveal the chest. Look for three stone tablets bearing runes, and destroy them all with the Leviathan Axe, to open the chest.
Chest No. 2: Temple
As you continue through the Wildwoods, in the direction of the mountain, you will enter a stone temple where you first fight a Revenant. Follow the path downward and you will see the Nornir chest ahead of you. Look for the first rune to open it on the right side of the chest. The other two are across the drawbridge on the other side of the room.
Chest No. 3: Wildwood's Edge
As you work through the transition between the Wildwoods and the Riverlands, you will enter a building were you eventually find a ceiling covered with spikes that you have to raise in order to travel beneath it. On the far side of the spiky ceiling, follow the path around to the right and you'll find a spot where you can climb up on top of it. Once you're on it, look to the right for a Nornir chest. The runes are scattered around in the area on top of the ceiling, but you might need to raise it to get angles on them — especially the one that is in the scaffolding above where you first jumped to cross beneath the ceiling.
Chest No. 4: Fire Troll arena
Up ahead, you will fight a fire troll and a number of Shadow bad guys. When you kill them, check the left side of the arena to find a Nornir chest with a new kind of puzzle. Instead of destroying three rune tablets, you need to ring three bells marked with the runes. All three bells need to be ringing at the same time to open the chest. Two chimes are near the chest, but the last one is on the far side of the path, near the big ribs sticking out of the ground.
Chest No. 5: Forgotten Caverns
When you reach the Lake of Nine, you can travel around its coast to find a number of places to dock your boat and explore. Head to the west side of the lake to find the Forgotten Caverns and dock at the beach. To the left of where you can land, you will find the Nornir chest. Three chimes are above it and to the left, hanging off a wood pillar.
Chest No. 6: Veithurgard
From the landing at the beach, head up the stairs toward the dragon, then follow the path to the left. The Nornir chest is just up the hill from the bridge to the castle. The first rune stone is in the cave area beside the iron gate next to the Nornir gate. The second is in the foothills near the wood bridge nearby. The last is tough to spot: Climb up the hill on the west side of the area near the Nornir chest, where you will find one of the dragon shrines. From the edge of the area, look down toward the stone ruins ahead. The last rune is on the outside of the ring, near the cliff edge.
Chest No. 7: Lookout Tower
Land on the beach east of the Vanaheim Tower, where you will find spikes protruding from the sand. Left of where you land, you will see the Nornir chest. The chimes are scattered on the cliffs above, but you need to clear spikes from in front of them before you can hit them with the aax Use the spinning wood gear to lower the spikes.
Chest No. 8: Foothills
Leave the Lake of Nine and head for the Mountain. When you hit Sindri's shop, head up the hills to the west to find the Nornir chest. To open this one, you'll need to find three pillars, which you can spin with your axe to match the runes on the chest. You'll find the first next to the chest, and the second at the base of the path you had to climb to reach it. The third is up the path to the north of you, hidden by a torch spewing poison. You need to freeze the torch to see the spinner, then quickly recall the ax and hit the pillar in order to match the symbols.
Chest No. 9: Alfheim Lake of Light
When you reach the Lake of Light, row southeast to find a beach where you can land the boat. Head up the path and you will hit an iron gate that will only stay open for a short time. Sprint through it and turn left to find the chest in a round gazebo-like area. There are chimes scattered all around the chest, but only three of them are the real thing, so you have to test them to find the right ones.
Chest No. 10: Alfheim Ringed Temple Trench
Continue through the trench until you reach a place where a control lowers the floor. The Nornir chest is on the left of the area. Lower the floor halfway to find the first two rune tablets below you; drop it all as far as it will go to reveal the last rune tablet behind you.
Chest No. 11: Alfheim Ringed Temple
On the far side of the trench, you will reach the blue door to the temple, although you won't be able to go through it. Turn left from the door and head down the path to find a door half-sealed by vines. Clear them, then hit the two bells outside the door before going through it. You'll see the chest inside, with the last bell directly above it.
Chest No. 12: Alfheim Ringed Temple Exit
After you have finished your work in the Ringed Temple, the path will take you back to the blue door, but now on the other side. You will find a Light crystal to plug into a socket on the bottom floor to create light bridges above. Climb onto the second level with the light bridges to find the Nornir chest with a lattice wall around it. Stand on the right side of the chest to find a hole you can look through to spot two chimes. The third is behind you.
Chest No. 13: Fafnir's Ravine
Past Sindri's shop, head into the woods and clear out the Draugr. Facing the entrance of the stronghold, check the right edge of the area for the Nornir chest. You will find two of the bells to open the chest just above it, but the third is at the top of the waterfall to the southwest.
Chest No. 14: Inside the Mountain
After you clear the Black Breath, the path through the mountain will take you into some darkened tunnels. You'll hit a room where you'll cross a wooden bridge with holes in it into a large open chamber, with waterfalls in the distance. You'll likely see the spinning podiums before the chest, which is ahead on your left. To get to it, you'll need to head to the northwest side of the area, where you'll find a wooden barrier and a Light crystal behind. Activate it to create a bridge upward into a room with the chest inside, but no runes on it. They're painted on the wall behind the chest; match them to the spinners to open it.
Chest No. 15: Inside the Mountain — above the claw
Once you take the claw up inside the mountain, you will pass Sindri's shop and get lightning arrows for Atreus. Follow the path up until you hit a vertical shaft with a wooden ramp up to the right. The Nornir chest is on the wall to the left. The first seal to break is in a room behind you off the hallway you just came through; the second is beside the elevator shaft on the wall, and you can hit it by lowering and crossing the drawbridge to get an angle. You will reach the third by raising the drawbridge and crossing to the platform above, then looking to your right.
Chest No. 16: Witch's Cave
After you have lowered the water level in the Lake of Nine, you will eventually row back to the Witch's Cave. Take the elevator up, then cross to the path that leads south, down into an area of the cave that was previously unavailable. Shoot the crystals to create light bridges and follow the path down to find the Nornir chest. The first rune is behind you, beside a chest covered you can't open yet. The second is back up the hill behind you, near the climbable wall path out of the cave, to the north and east. To get the last rune, clear the sap barrier to the left of the chest and climb up the wall, then look to the left.
Chest No. 17: Light Elf Outpost
Head to Light Elf Outpost at the north end of the Lake of Nine. With the water lowered, you will be able to land at a beach where you will find a bunch of enemies, a sealed hidden chamber, and the Nornir chest. Look for the first rune stone east near the Light crystal socket; the second on a pillar just off the coast of the island on the western side, and the third on the northwest side, on the cliff wall as you climb toward the top.
Stop! This guide contains unavoidable story spoilers beyond this point. Do not read further until you've visited Helheim!
Chest No. 18: Witch's House
Once you've been to Helheim, return to the Witch's Cave and climb the wall to exit the cave into the yard in front of the turtle house. Head to the north west side of the yard and climb the chain, then turn left to find a Nornir chest. Turn around and head to the end of the path, past the chain, to the cliff's edge. You will see a stone structure beside the house to find a wind trap with the Winds of Hel energy inside. Snag it and use it to power the chest, which will reveal the runes. You then need to locate the two pillars near the chest. One is a spinner in which one paddle moves a single rune, but the other paddle moves both. The second is a sideways Winds of Hel trap that, when you power it, turns to reveal runes. Match the spinner to the first two runes, then power the third until it matches the last rune. Remove the wind's energy and return it to the chest to open it.
Chest No. 19: Tyr's Vault
Once you've opened Tyr's Vault, you will start to solve a puzzle to get the Black Rune from a spinning sphere in the middle of the vault. You will open three rooms that have gears inside you need to turn to solve the puzzle. The second room includes a Nornir chest set in one wall. You'll find the first rune stone to destroy on the east wall of the room with the gear. The second is in the hallway with the two crushing blocks that move horizontally back and forth. Go past them toward a chest at one the far end, then turn around to face the crushers again. Freeze the one closest you in its extended position, then look through the machinery on the right side when the second block extends to find the rune stone. The third rune is in the hallway with the crushers that drop vertically. Wait for the first to drop down, then look at the piston o the right side to find it.
Chest No. 20: Helheim Dock
On your second trip to Helheim, the Nornir chest will be straight below you from the start but you won't reach it for a while. Keep moving until you reach the dock with the ship on your right. Instead, go left and push the big cubic rock along the bridge on the left until it drops into a gap and you can cross to the area below the first tower where you started. You will find the Nornir chest here. The first rune stone is to your right, heading north under the tower. Burn some brambles on your left and then go past them, looking for the stone on your left. To find the second, pull another big cubic rock from the north wall of the tower, but position it next to the archway you just cleared so that you can get around the other side of it: The rune stone is inside the cube. To get the last rune, pull the block out as far as it will go, then climb up on it and the platform with the chest. Face north to find the rune on the back of a broken pillar in the water. Note that this chest isn't tracked as a Nornir chest on the Helheim collectibles list, but it should provide you a Horn of Blood Mead to increase your Rage meter.
Chest No. 21: King's Hollow
You need the “Hail to the King” Favor from Brok and Sindri to enter King's Hollow, so make sure you have completed all their other tasks before you bother trying to go there. Once you're inside, work your way through the area until you have opened the main gate with the three entry stones. Eventually, you will find the remains of the dwarf king hidden behind his throne. The secret passage will take you outside and you will hit the stronghold wall. Find an opening in it and head to the edge of the wall to find the Nornir chest. To open it, grab the Winds of Hel to rotate the two bells on the right and left side of the archway so you pass through to reach the chest. Use the winds to rotate the right bell so it matches the chest, then put the winds in the left bell, which actually contains two rune bells. You need to hit the right bell first, then head left and hit the two rune bells as they spin to get all three.
Chest No. 22: Cliffs of the Raven
The final Nornir chest is the most complex. Head into the Cliffs of the Raven area and work your way through, dropping all the chains and opening all the gates. You should spot the Nornir chest on the cliffs above you. Return to the path north of the dead giant, heading back toward the beach and down the hill. Look to the left for a hallway that leads into a dark tunnel to a wind trap. Grab the winds and throw it into the trap up above on the wall, left of the hallway where you found it, to open the gate there.
Next, climb up to the Nornir chest and look for a spot to the left of it where you can jump across to a cliff wall and climb up. You should be able to grab the winds from the gate here, then look north for a wind trap attached to a rune spinner. Leave the winds until the rune with the triangle pointing right appears, then take the winds and turn east to find another trap nestled against the cliffs.
Climb around back down to the Nornir chest, then grab the wind, and put it in the spinner southwest of the Nornir chest, and leave it there until the rune that looks like a “Z” appears. Return the winds to the trap against the cliffs again, then climb up the chain, where the last spinner will be to your right. Grab the winds and spin the rune to the one that looks like an “R”. Return the winds to the cliff, then climb down and open the chest.
Sen. Bob Corker is a bundle of conflicts and contradictions. Last fall, the chairman of the powerful Senate Foreign Relations Committee got into a Twitter war with President Trump. Senator Corker called the White House an “adult day care center.” Mr. Trump dubbed the Tennessee Republican “Liddle Bob Corker.”
By January, they had called a truce, and now they talk regularly. Indeed, there's much to discuss: North Korea, Iran, Syria, Russia, the nomination of CIA chief Mike Pompeo for secretary of State. So, when I convened a Monitor Breakfast with Corker on April 18, reporters packed the room at the St. Regis.
But it was Corker's views on the president himself that intrigued me most. The senator made clear that he and Trump are still getting on just fine.
“I have a very warm relationship with the president,” Corker said. “He's very accessible – more accessible than any president probably in the history of the world. I mean, he's on the phone and available from 6 to 11 in the morning and from 6:30 till late at night.”
But, no surprise, there's a “but” – what Corker calls the “constant chaos,” sometimes born of late-night phone calls from “unconventional” advisers who can throw a wrench in just about anything.
Bottom line, Corker is deeply conflicted about this president, and he questions colleagues who aren't: “Any Republican senator who hasn't been conflicted over this presidency is either comatose or is pretty useless in their blindness – and we've got some of both.”
Wow.
Corker's internal tug of war extends to his own Senate seat. He announced his retirement last fall, then had second thoughts, and then in February decided to retire at the end of the year after all.
Since then, he's donated to the Republican seeking to replace him – the very conservative Rep. Marsha Blackburn – but that's it. What's the issue? The Democrat in the race, former Gov. Phil Bredesen, is an old friend, and Corker refuses to campaign against him. In fact, at our breakfast, Corker sang Mr. Bredesen's praises over their years of bipartisan collaboration.
I first met Corker back in 2006, when I traveled to Tennessee to write about his spirited race for the Senate against Democratic Rep. Harold Ford Jr. – scion of a big African-American political family. Corker, a wealthy businessman who had served a term as mayor of Chattanooga, won by a narrow margin.
I remember watching Corker campaign in a park in Knoxville, and then interviewing him afterward. I thought he had kind eyes. He still does, after nearly 12 years in the Washington pressure cooker.
Back in 2006, I didn't envision Corker as a future Foreign Relations chairman – or a potential vice president or secretary of State, as Trump had once considered. But Corker turned himself into a Washington fixture, including now five visits to the Monitor Breakfast.
My colleague Howard LaFranchi also attended Wednesday'sbreakfast, and wrote about Corker's comments on Mr. Pompeo. I wrote a piece on Corker's decision to “buck GOP tribalism” in the Tennessee Senate race.
C-Span videotaped the entire breakfast, which can be viewed here.
On Thursday, April 26, our breakfast guest will be Kevin Hassett, chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers. Feel free to suggest some questions.
Read this story at csmonitor.com
Become a part of the Monitor community
Related Coverage Nugget of Knowledge: Largest employers
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) –
The first illustrations of Santa Claus or St. Nicholas show him as a symbol of discipline, stern, almost mean rather than the jolly, overweight elf as we picture him today.
The engineers at NASA who designed the Voyager space missions planned things so the two interplanetary craft would avoid reaching planets during Thanksgiving and Christmas.
Telling scary ghost stories is an old Christmas Eve tradition that has died out in the past century.
The song “White Christmas” by Irving Berlin is the best selling single in history with more than 100 million copies sold.
Paul McCartney earns nearly half a million dollars every year from his Christmas song, which many critics say is the worst song he ever composed.
The people of Sweden have enjoyed a Christmas Eve tradition since 1960….they all sit around and watch Donald Duck cartoons.
That's no more strange than the Japanese who traditionally eat at KFC for Christmas dinner, thanks to a successful marketing campaign 40 years ago……KFC is so popular that customers have to reserve seats by October.
And one more…the Christmas presents we buy make up 1/6 of all retail sales in this country each year.
Did you miss an episode of Daybreak or want to re-visit a previous “Nugget”? View previous “Nugget of Knowledge” entries on WYTV.com.
If you have an idea for a “Nugget of Knowledge,” send your idea in an email to Len.Rome@wytv.com.
With only three days left before Canonical's highly anticipated Ubuntu 18.04 LTS (Bionic Beaver) operating system hits the streets, today we're taking a first look at one of its newest features.
As the headline implies, the next Ubuntu release will ship with a brand-new Welcome screen, for the first time in the history of the Linux-based operating system. After installing Ubuntu 18.04 LTS on your personal computer, you'll be greeted by a welcome screen to help you set up a few things.
Welcome screens have been used before in the Ubuntu world, by the Ubuntu MATE and Ubuntu Budgie official flavors for example, and are also being used by numerous other GNU/Linux distributions out there to provide a one-stop solution for setting up your freshly installed operating system.
Ubuntu itself never used a welcome screen, but with the forthcoming Ubuntu 18.04 LTS release things change in this regard. The new welcome screen in Bionic Beaver will help new and returning users better understand how the brand-new GNOME user interface works, as well as to set up things like Canonical Livepatch.
First look at the new Welcome screen in Ubuntu 18.04 LTS
The first thing you'll see after installing Ubuntu 18.04 LTS or upgrading to from a previous version, such as Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (Xenial Xerus), is the welcome screen, which first informs you about "What's new in Ubuntu" with a screenshot of the desktop highlighting the most essential elements.
If you've used the GNOME desktop environment before, you should already be familiar with how it works. The only major difference between a vanilla GNOME desktop and Ubuntu's is the Launcher bar on the left side of the screen, a fork of the popular Ubuntu Dock extension for the GNOME Shell interface.
Clicking next on the welcome screen will allow us to set up Canonical Livepatch, which promises to keep our Ubuntu computers secure by applying some kernel updates without having to restart. To set up Canonical Livepatch, you will need to have an Ubuntu SSO (Single Sign-On) account.
We've already told you that Canonical Livepatch has been integrated into the Software & Updates utility, but now Canonical made it easier for users to set up its rebootless kernel update system for Ubuntu 18.04 LTS users. While it's free for up to three machines, Canonical Livepatch needs an Ubuntu Advantage subscription for more PCs.
The next step of the Welcome screen is about the controversial data collection thingy that Canonical implemented in the Ubuntu 18.04 LTS release. Canonical says that it will help them improve future Ubuntu release, so it's enabled by default, but you can choose not to send any information about your computer and location.
Finally, the last step of the welcome screen promotes a bunch of apps that you can easily install them through the Ubuntu Software graphical package manager. At this point, you can dismiss the welcome screen or open Ubuntu Software to install your favorite apps. Check out the screenshot gallery below to see it in action!
Welcome screen in Ubuntu 18.04 LTS
Setting up Canonical Livepatch
The urgency, importance and necessity of Sunday night's NFC North title game was greatly diminished about 60 minutes before kickoff when the Washington Redskins lost to the New York Giants. That defeat meant that both the Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions would qualify for the playoffs no matter what happened on Sunday Night Football. But there was, of course, the matter of the division championship and the home playoff game that comes with it and Green Bay came out the winner. Or did they?
With the 31-24 victory over Detroit, Green Bay earned the No. 4 seed (the lowest for a division champion) and a home date with the top wild-card team, the New York Giants. By virtue of their loss, Detroit snuck into the playoffs as the second wild-card team, just ahead of the Redskins. As a No. 6 seed, they'll travel to the home of the third-seeded Seattle Seahawks for their wild-card game next weekend.
In theory, there's no debate here. Of course you want the division title and a home game. This isn't the NHL we're talking about. The Packers get a game at Lambeau Field, the greatest stadium in the NFL, where the weather and the fans provide such a great home-field advantage that the team went 65 years without a postseason loss on the frozen tundra. The Lions, meanwhile, have to go halfway across the country to play in the stadium that's provided the best home-field advantage in the NFL in recent years.
(Getty Images) Getty Images/Getty Images
If only it were so simple.
Green Bay hosts the Giants, who went 11-5 in the best division in football and have allowed 10 points of fewer in three of their last four games. Two of those three performances came versus playoff teams and the other was Sunday against the Washington team that should have been. With that defense, an explosive Odell Beckham Jr. and Eli Manning, who loves nothing more than slowly plodding through playoff road games en route to a surprise Super Bowl, is that a team you want to see? Green Bay knows the answer, as two of those five Giants' road wins came at Lambeau in 2007 and 2011, the years Manning won his two Super Bowls. Prior to 2007, Green Bay had lost two playoff games ever at home (and ever goes back to 1939). In a five-year stretch, Eli Manning and the Giants doubled that.
Meanwhile, the Seahawks barely beat a 49ers team that was playing in the midst of a palace coup. Yes, they were 7-1 at home and a less-than-mediocre 3-4-1 on the road, proving the importance of CenturyLink Field, but six of those seven wins were against Miami, San Francisco, Buffalo, Philadelphia, Carolina and Los Angeles, no murderer's row. The seventh win wasn't really a win at all – it was their annual home-game gift from the officials, when Richard Sherman mugged Julio Jones and wasn't called for a pass interference penalty that would have set up a game-winning field goal by Atlanta. If we give that one to the Falcons, then Seattle was 6-2 at home with one win over a playoff team – and we use that term as loosely as possible – with their two-point victory in Week 1 over the Dolphins, a team that started 1-4 before winning nine of 10 to clinch a wild-card berth. This is hardy the Seahawks we've come to know over the past five years.
(Getty Images)
Sure, that stadium in Seattle is the equivalent of a tin coffin outfitted in speakers borrowed from the set of a Fast and the Furious movie. It's loud. It's obnoxious. Just hearing Seattleites talk about the 12th man is enough to sap your will to even play the sport. That doesn't even mention that the ‘Hawks have won their last nine postseason games at home and are 9-1 at the stadium in its history, making for just as good a home-field advantage as Lambeau. Still, you can't help but get the feeling this Seattle team is vulnerable while the franchise is due and Green Bay is the team to prove it – they went to overtime in Seattle in the 2014 NFC championship, narrowly losing a game in which the Pack held a 19-7 fourth-quarter lead. The same way the Giants know the Packers can be had at Lambeau, the Packers know the Seahawks can be had at CenturyLink.
Those stadiums aside, home vs. road doesn't mean much in the opening round of the playoffs. Road teams swept last year's wild-card games and are 24-24 over the past 12 seasons.
Of course, these team have their eyes on more than just the wild card. With a win, Detroit would be assured of traveling to top-seeded Dallas for the divisional playoffs, not exactly an enviable assignment. But if Green Bay win its game and the Lions don't, they would travel to Dallas (and Seattle would play at No. 2 seed Atlanta). It's about a 50/50 shot Green Bay will have to play at Dallas anyway – not that the Cowboys are the end-all, be-all of the NFC. Winning at the Georgia Dome isn't exactly an easy task either.
(Getty Images) Getty Images/Getty Images
The only game that matters is the one in front of you, but if you're the look-ahead type (like all those Redskins fans who spent this week figuring out where they'd travel as that No. 6 seed) the scenario looks like this:
No. 4 Green Bay: vs. Giants, at Cowboys or Falcons
No. 6 Detroit: at Seahawks, at Cowboys
(Getty Iages) Getty Images/Stacy Revere
I'm taking the “worse” draw every time.
The Packers are on a six-game winning streak and Aaron Rodgers may have just clinched the MVP with a four-touchdown night in Detroit. Who or where they play may be irrelevant. But it's now the NFL playoffs and nothing will come easy nor will anything be handed to you. The Green Bay Packers were going to have a tough ride to their ultimate destination – Houston on Feb. 5 for Super Bowl LI – no matter what happened on Sunday night. It just so happens that the tougher ride came with the spoils of victory.
So if Green Bay lost by winning, did Detroit win by losing? Eh, not so much. The Lions have lost three straight games and didn't defeat a single team in the 2016 playoff field. At this point, I'm not sure I'd pick them to win their wild-card game even if they somehow got to host the Browns.
By Abby Hassler
Halsey is not one to endure injustice quietly. The “Now or Never” singer has joined forces with Center for Health and Gender Equity to speak out against the Trump administration's Global Gag Rule and support the Global HER Act.
Related: Halsey Interview: I will Never Get Used to People Liking My Music
In a new video produced by ART NOT WAR, Halsey speaks about the life-threatening consequences the rule can have for women around the world. Trump's rule prevents organizations from receiving U.S. family planning funding if they educate the public or their government about the need for safe abortion services.
Halsey has already been vocal online about women's rights, but now is urging people to voice their support of the new bill introduced Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Representative Nita Lowey.
Watch the full video here.
360Fresh: Dj Rocky Ft Sheebah, Ck & Bucho Dego – Wuk Up My Body
After so much anticipation, DJ Rocky finally releases the audio for his international project [ UGANDA, NIGERIA, JAMAICA collaboration ], third official single off his yet to be released debut album. The track is titled WUK UP MY BODY , and it features heavy weight queen SHEEBAH The Swagg Mama, CK [ JAMAICAN] and the Nigerian BUCHO DEGO
Congratulations to DJ ROCKY for this massive tune, and the audio is now available to download and stream on various online digital stores around the world.
WUK UP MY BODY was produced by KRON PRODUCTION and DJ ROCKY, Under WICKED MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT.
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Wuk-up-my-body-Dj-Rocky-ft-CkBucho-x-Sheeba-kron-production.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post 360Fresh: Dj Rocky Ft Sheebah, Ck & Bucho Dego – Wuk Up My Body appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A "Celebration of Life" was held on Wednesday to remember the three women -- Dr. Jennifer Gray Golick, Christine Loeber and Dr. Jennifer Gonzales Shushereba -- who died at a veterans center in Yountville. At the memorial, Pathway Home Board of Director Chair Dorothy Salmon honored the victims, saying their legacy will keep the program going."This program will go on because we have amazing partners and because you're all here and you care this much. And we all loved Christine and Jennifer and Jen," she said. "This is their gift and it's their legacy that we keep this going, that we say the Napa Valley is the model for how everyone steps up to the plate, for how we teach other to do this, how we become the symbol for real joyful welcoming back. And not just saying thank you for your service, but walking the talk and really providing the kind of care that we know we can give people in the Napa Valley."
A sea search for the missing CEO of surfwear brand Quiksilver was called off late Wednesday.
Pierre Agnes, 54, vanished in cold, choppy waters off southwest France.
The father of three hasn't been seen since going on a regular morning fishing expedition.
Pierre Agnes. TESTEMALE / QUIKSILVER / HANDOUT / EPA
Authorities were alerted early Tuesday when his empty boat Mascaret III washed ashore on an Atlantic beach at Hossegor, near his hometown of Capbreton, which is about 20 miles north of Biarritz.
The search was suspended at 2:35 p.m. local time (8:35 a.m. ET) Wednesday — well beyond the theoretical survival time for someone in the water. Two Jet Skis and a coast guard vessel involved in the hunt returned to port.
Local police will instead patrol the coastline.
Lt. Col. Christophe Triollet said teams were looking for “clues which could have washed up along the beaches.”
He added: “Other than that, we also continue our investigation to try to understand … the circumstances of his disappearance ... and to reconstruct the timeline and the facts to better understand the situation."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Missing surfwear CEO's empty boat found on French beach 1:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Agnes served as the head of Quiksilver's France-based European headquarters before taking charge of the entire company in 2015.
The brand was founded in Australia but is now part of Boardriders, a California-based apparel group.
On Tuesday, the company said "the entire surfing world” was “devastated” by Agnes' disappearance.
LOS ANGELES — Netflix has signed Shonda Rhimes to a multi-year production deal, ending a 15-year relationship with ABC Studios that yielded hits from "Grey's Anatomy" to "Scandal."
Her shingle, Shondaland, will begin producing new series for Netflix while she continues to stay involved in her current broadcast series. Executive producer Betsy Beers will also come to Netflix with Rhimes, one of the most successful TV producers of the past decade.
"Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television," said Ted Sarandos, Netflix chief content officer, in a statement. "Her work is gripping, inventive, pulse-pounding, heart-stopping, taboo-breaking television at its best. I've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she's a true Netflixer at heart — she loves TV and films, she cares passionately about her work, and she delivers for her audience. We're so excited to welcome her to Netflix."
Shonda Rhimes attends the "Scandal" 100th Episode Celebration at Fig & Olive in West Hollywood, California, in this April 8, 2017 file photo. Richard Shotwell / Invision/AP
The pact reflects Netflix's increasing interest in producing original series the company can own, as well as the arms race continuing to escalate between not only the streaming service and TV networks, but other subscriber VOD options like Amazon Prime and Hulu. Earlier this week, Amazon signed on another proven hitmaker, Robert Kirkman, creator of AMC's megahit "The Walking Dead."
Netflix has been a whirlwind of activity as of late, signing filmmakers Joel and Ethan Coen to a deal for a series, "The Ballad of Buster Scruggs." The company also just made its first acquisition, Millarworld, which will yield intellectual property from a roster of comics that have yielded movies in the past from "Kickass" to the "Kingsman" franchise.
The Wall Street Journal, which first reported the story, estimates that Netflix will pay Rhimes $10 million per year to generate what the streaming service is hoping will be the next generation of hit shows. Rhimes has been a consistent supplier of successful drama hours, including "How to Get Away With Murder." That series, as well as "Grey's Anatomy" and "Scandal," have already been renewed for new seasons in 2017-18.
Previous episodes of all three Shondaland series air on Netflix in the U.S., and in select markets around the world.
"Shondaland's move to Netflix is the result of a shared plan Ted Sarandos and I built based on my vision for myself as a storyteller and for the evolution of my company," said Rhimes in a statement. "Ted provides a clear, fearless space for creators at Netflix."
A review of the surveillance material flagged by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes shows no inappropriate action by Susan Rice or any other Obama administration official, Republican and Democratic Congressional aides who have been briefed on the matter told NBC News.
President Donald Trump told the New York Times he believed former National Security Adviser Rice broke the law by asking for the identities of Trump aides who were mentioned in transcripts of U.S. surveillance of foreign targets. Normally, the identities of Americans are blacked out in transcripts circulated by the National Security Agency, but they may be "unmasked," if their identities are relevant to understanding the intelligence.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'I leaked nothing to nobody,' Susan Rice insists 16:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Rice did not dispute that she requested the identities of certain Americans in the waning days of the Obama administration, but she denied any wrongdoing in an interview with NBC News' Andrea Mitchell. Her denial came after Nunes said he believed the names of Trump aides had been inappropriately unmasked and circulated.
Related: What Is Unmasking, And Did Susan Rice Do Anything Wrong?
Members of the House and Senate intelligence committees from both parties have traveled to NSA headquarters to review the relevant intelligence reports.
"I saw no evidence of any wrongdoing," said one U.S. official who reviewed the documents, who would not agree to be identified further. "It was all completely normal."
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes speaks to reporters at the Capitol on March 24. J. Scott Applewhite / AP, file
His assessment was shared by a senior Republican aide who had been briefed on the matter but declined to speak on the record.
The finding by lawmakers of both parties was first reported by CNN.
Nunes has recused himself from his committee's investigation of Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election while the Office of Congressional Ethics investigates complaints that he disclosed classified information when he brought the unmasking concern to light.
When the New York Times asked Trump on April 5 if Rice broke the law, Trump said, "Do I think? Yes, I think."
"I think it's going to be the biggest story," Trump added. "It's such an important story for our country and the world."
Related: Nunes Backs Down From Assertion Trump Was Monitored
Sebastian Gorka, a Trump national security adviser, was asked by Sean Hannity on Fox News how the unmasking issue compared to Watergate.
"Losing 14 minutes of audiotape in comparison to this is a little spat in the sandbox in the kindergarten," Gorka replied.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Analysis: Is Susan Rice Responsible for Unmasking Trump Aides? 2:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But current and former U.S. intelligence officials have said that any unmasking request by Rice would have been made to the NSA director or the FBI director, who would have the final say. Both men are still in their jobs under President Trump.
Current and former officials say it is routine, and not inappropriate, for the national security adviser to request the identities of Americans mentioned in intelligence reports.
Related: Nunes Had Secret White House Meeting Before Trump Monitoring Claim
"Let's say there was a conversation between two foreigners about a conversation they were having with an American, who was proposing to sell to them high-tech bomb making equipment," Rice said April 4 on MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell Reports. "Now, if that came to me as National Security Advisor, it would matter enormously. Is this some kook sitting in his living room communicating via the internet, offering to sell something he doesn't have? Or is it a serious person or company or entity with the ability to provide that technology perhaps to an adversary? That would be an example of a case where knowing who the U.S. person was, was necessary to assess the information."
HONG KONG — The video shows students at the so-called "female morality school" in northeastern China getting up at 4:30 a.m. to scrub floors and being taught not to resist if their husbands beat them.
Shot with a hidden camera and posted on a popular Chinese video website, it sparked a storm of criticism of the school and highlighted complaints that the status of women is deteriorating under the rule of a Communist Party that promised them equality.
In the recording, students at the Fushun Traditional Culture School were shown being told to put aside career aspirations and, in one instructor's words, "shut your mouths and do more housework." One group of students was shown practicing bowing to apologize to their husbands.
"Don't fight back when beaten. Don't talk back when scolded. And, no matter what, don't get divorced," a female teacher says in the post on Pear Video, a Beijing-based online platform for short videos.
"Women should just stay at the bottom level of the society and not aspire for more," another teacher says.
Students study at a female morality school in Haikou, China. Women Awakening via AP
Such schools appear to be growing in popularity, though it is unclear how many China has, according to researchers and women's rights activists.
Their emergence reflects the erosion in the status of women since the launch of economic reforms in the 1980s that reduced the ruling party's focus on social equality, said Feng Yuan, a prominent women's rights activist. "Archaic ideas about gender equality still have a market in today's society," she said.
Deng Xichan, a 21-year-old nurse, said she and her mother attended a female morality institute in the southern city of Changsha, enticed by its offer of free classes, lodging and vegetarian food.
Students were taught to obey men because it would bring their children good fortune and that sex before marriage would bring bad luck, Deng said. Every evening, she was required to bow in front of a statue of Confucius and participate in group confessions, she said.
"Many of the students truly believed that their life was hard because they had premarital sex, or because they cheated on someone, so they would kowtow and confess," Deng said.
At many of the programs, students are closed off from the outside world — and from each other.
"The front door was locked and our phones and cash were taken away from us," said a woman in her twenties who attended a seven-day course in the northwestern city of Yinchuan. "We were also not allowed to chat with each other, so all you can do is bear with it."
"I got scared because it was so isolated," added the woman, who asked to be identified only by her surname, Chen, because she didn't want her former employer, a real estate company that signed her up for the program, to know she had spoken to the media about the experience.
The Fushun school was founded in 2011 by an ex-convict who had served time for murder and was approved by local authorities as a "public welfare organization," according to Chinese news reports. It charged no tuition and was supported by students' donations. The school had more than 200 volunteer workers and took in as many as 40 students for each 20-day "female virtue" course, according to an online report by the Yangcheng Evening News, a major local newspaper.
After the video came out in November, hundreds of people criticized the school on internet message boards and blogs, prompting an investigation. The school was shut down in December, according to the official Xinhua News Agency. The local education bureau concluded it violated "socialist core values" and called for similar programs to be investigated.
The Fushun school and several others across China contacted by The Associated Press refused repeated requests for comment.
For some time now it has been obvious to me that the majority of MPs are totally out of touch with the British electorate and the higher they climb, the more out of touch they become.
However, over recent decades we have seen the rise of young career politician from very privileged backgrounds. They receive private education, go onto the best universities, become research assistants to serving MPs and then progress to being MPs themselves. They have never done a real hard day's work in their lives and have never experienced the hardships and challenges of the average working person. How can they, therefore, have any understanding of the people they are then elected to represent? In my view this has never been more visible than in the recent EU referendum. Cameron and Osborn were two prime examples, though there are many others in my view. They were so convinced that they could sway public opinion and manipulate the electorate that they never considered failure and so never began to make any contingency plans in case the vote went against them. Then, to add insult to injury, Cameron resigned and left the mess for some one else to clear up. I had always been under the illusion that we still lived in a democracy, even though it had been eroded by Brussels. However, now it is obvious to me that what little democracy we do have left is in danger of disappearing altogether and that is terrifying. In a General Election politicians and the general public have always accepted the result whether they agreed or not. However, this has and is not the case with the referendum and yet it was a democratic vote by the majority of the British electorate, whether you like it or not. We have MPs who talk about another referendum because they say the British public didn't know what they were voting for. The north and the elderly being prime targets for these insults. We have MPs who say they will vote against and block Article 50 being triggered. What is democratic about that? What today's politicians must recognise and accept is that they are elected by the majority of their constituents to carry out their wishes. This historical concept is being ignored and whether they like it or not the British electorate have spoken. This current situation and the map of the referendum result also highlights, yet again, the vast differences between the wealthy south of England and London and the poorer rest of the country. Basically the rich and powerful versus the ordinary working people. However, what they need to realise is that their rich and powerful existence is build on the backs of the working class. Always has been and always will be. The Midlands and the north of England deserve better respect and consideration and I am now beginning to wonder if perhaps the rest of Britain would be better off breaking away from London and the south and having its own Parliament like Scotland. Something has to change. It is time for political change in this country and for Britain's sake I hope it comes sooner than later. The rich and powerful are there for the rich and powerful and the rest of us are mere pawns in their rich power games. This has to change before democracy in this country ceases altogether.
J.A.Ainsworth
Four decades later, and the world that Ballard predicted is here, it just doesn't take place in a tower block. Instead, 328 million people across the world spend their days plugged into Twitter, which becomes more of a nightmare every day. From a simple way to express pithy thoughts with your friends, it has mutated into a vehicle for psychic violence and unending hostility. Which may explain why more than a million Americans have quit the service in the last three months.
I am (probably) Engadget's most prolific Twitterer, spending hours on the site each day and tweeting incessantly. I justify my overuse because it is the "people's news network," and we need to remain informed right now, because there is a lot going on. After all, the US, UK, Russia, North Korea and China are ruled by despots who are actively leading us toward global war. Companies are destroying the fabric of our society, our civil rights, and our planet, in service of a fatter quarterly profit. Not to mention the annual game of avoiding Game of Thrones spoilers and shit-talking live sporting events with everyone else.
Cold, Blue Turkey
I decided to take a week-long break from the platform to see if, like all those other quitters, life is happier on the other side. The day before had been a fruitful one, with a handful of my digital bon mots earning a flurry of likes and retweets. I don't doubt that every time I see Twitter validate my work, a miniscule hit of dopamine floods my brain. The delivery method may differ, but social media can be as addictive as hell.
It's a lesson that I'd learn just ten minutes after making my resolution as, without thinking, my mouse hand clicked the desktop shortcut for Twitter. I am such an obsessive user of the site that even the process for accessing it had been consigned to muscle memory. It took real self-control, and some degree of itchiness, to get past the initial stages of withdrawal across the first day. It was only because I had the crutch that is Facebook, my least favorite social network, that I could get on at all.
I normally have Twitter's web client open during work, both for newsgathering and as a necessary reward during the day. Then, I'll check the site during bathroom breaks and while I'm trying to put my baby girl to sleep in the late evening. Losing it suddenly meant that I had to concentrate on the human interactions around me, as well as get things done around the house. The first thing I found was that I had a lot more free time available in my day.
Not the people's news network
For a site that professes to keep you connected to what's going on, Twitter does a terrible job of keeping you informed. It's easy to trick yourself into believing that you're getting the best version of the news, with experts in their field sharing things you'd never see in a newspaper. And, there are plenty of smart, erudite folks whose opinions I trust because I know they are legitimately clever people.
But, equally, I'm not above nodding along with a 100-tweet thread written by someone who describes themselves as a national security expert. It's all too easy to assume that whoever retweeted them into my feed has made the effort to ensure that what they're sharing is legitimate. Because I'm certainly not looking too hard at the author of these tweets, even though we should all be actively guarding our media consumption.
And here's the thing, my media consumption has gone up by an order of magnitude when I've been away from Twitter. It's just that I'm getting the facts from The Guardian, New York (and London) Times, Telegraph, FiveThirtyEight and Vox. The measured and even tone of those publications is a breath of fresh air if you've been listening to the neurotic commentary that rolls past in Twitter's bottomless feed.
Twitter is the enemy of calm
I spent way too much money last night but fuck it we're all gonna die in a nuclear war soon — DJ B2B (@taylvr) August 12, 2017
As much as we like to deny it, humans are herd animals with a herd mentality that can be sent into hysteria far easier than we think. The day I returned to the site, it was full of folks panicking that we were about to die in a nuclear holocaust. It could happen, for sure, but pissing and moaning about it on the internet won't do much about it beyond making everyone unnecessarily stressed. Rather than indulge, I closed the site and went about my day.
We know that social media has an uncomfortable relationship with our mental health, with addictive loops keeping us glued to our screens. But addiction is not the only issue we face, as Instagram has also been lambasted for being harmful to people's mental health. Services like this amplify anxieties about body image, lifestyle, wealth, and many other facets of our lives that we choose to broadcast.
Then there's the paralytic effect of this constant barrage of stress that means you feel as if you are incapable of doing anything. Twitter and Facebook have, perhaps unwittingly, become agents of the status quo -- as you spend your days flapping online instead of changing things. If I was an evil billionaire looking to suppress dissent against my adopted political cause, I'd write the social media companies a big check.
Spending any time away from that Ballardian madness however and you start to notice changes in your own psyche. I was more effective, more decisive, and I had more time in my day -- because Twitter is designed to suck away the minutes in your hand. My head was clearer, my sleep seemed to be sweeter and frankly, I could swear that I was happier without its nagging presence in my psyche.
Coming Back
My seven-day absence from Twitter has ended, and yet I'm not back to using it anywhere near as frequently as I used to. When you've been away from something long enough you're suddenly able to see the flaws in a way you couldn't up close. I don't feel as constantly panicked as I did before, and I feel more effective in the time that I have each day.
If there's an easy way to explain this, it's like the ex-smoker visiting their office's smoking room to catch up with the daily gossip. The fug, before which you were immune, now chokes your throat and blinds your eyes and you resolve not to visit too frequently. You can go back every now and again, much like you can do many things in moderation, but not as your one source of connection with your coworkers. Because whatever benefit you get, the amount of poison you need to inhale to justify it is simply too damn much.
Many living room media players support headphones to let one person watch videos without disrupting anyone. But that's not how it always works. What if you want to watch Netflix with your spouse when the kids are sleeping, or catch up on YouTube with a friend while your roommate is studying? Roku will have you covered. On top of its new support for live news, it's promising a Roku OS 8.1 update that enables private listening for up to four additional people using the company's Android and iOS apps. That's not enough to support a big house party, but it'll probably handle most instances when you want to keep quiet.
Lee insists that Congress has abdicated its responsibility for too long and that the U.S. is playing too significant a role in Yemen's civil war to allow it to go unchecked.
“I would like to see the Senate exercising its prerogative in the war declaration process,” Lee said in a phone interview. “The power to declare war was granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8. There are few things that are more consequential than the power to decide when a nation goes to war.”
The U.S. is providing intelligence, reconnaissance and midair fighter refueling for Saudi Arabia, which is fighting on behalf of the Yemeni government in what some say has become a proxy war against Iran, which is supporting the Houthi rebels in that nation.
The U.S. military is currently investigating a botched U.S. raid Trump authorized just five days after his inauguration last year that resulted in the death of a Navy SEAL and a number of civilians, including women and children.
McConnell has enlisted the Defense Department in the effort to stop the measure, asking the Pentagon to detail their opposition in a letter. The Pentagon's acting general counsel, William S. Castle, wrote that the resolution would “undermine our ability to foster long-term” military relationships with allies. The Pentagon also argued that the resolution's “premise is flawed” and that the U.S. role in Yemen is too “limited” to require congressional approval.
Additionally, the administration conducted an all-member briefing last week to persuade senators that the U.S. mission has been successful and limits imposed by Congress would harm American security and further exacerbate civilian atrocities. The meeting was led by Deputy Secretary of State John J. Sullivan; Maj. Gen. Buck Elton of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; and the deputy undersecretary of defense for policy, John C. Rood.
Murphy called the briefing “incredibly misleading.”
“That is the most frustrating briefing I've been in as a member of Congress," he said. "That wasn't a briefing; that was spin about what great things were going on, how the Saudi's desperately want a negotiated solution, about how we are making civilian casualties much less severe.”
He added, “So I thought that briefing was a blatant effort to ignore reality without any discussion of the real subtleties of the fight inside Yemen.”
The senators are using a mechanism, known as a privileged resolution, for the first time in Senate history to force a vote, enabling them to overcome the objections of colleagues, including McConnell, who controls what is brought to the Senate floor.
But its prospects of passage are dim. Even senators inclined to limit the presidential war powers are questioning the resolution and its potential impact.
“This is the first time this particular provision has been used, so it's a case of first impression," Sen. Bob Menendez, D-N.J., chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, said. "Secondly, it sets a precedent about how you define hostilities that's going to go far beyond the Yemen issue. Thirdly, there's the policy question about what's happening in Yemen, both on the humanitarian side and the Iranian side.”
“Those are all elements that you have to consider," Menendez said.
A Republican critic of the measure, Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, a longtime proponent of congressional oversight of war, said it doesn't go far enough. He opposes a carve-out allowing U.S. missions against Al Qaeda to continue. The actual size of the U.S. presence is classified but there is a small contingent of military personnel on the ground to fight the terrorist organization.
“If you do that, the whole resolution, if it passed, might be moot because the president could simply argue, ‘Well, the action over there is against Al Qaeda.' So they've defeated their whole purpose,” Paul said.
Congress has been wrangling with the executive branch over military incursions since Congress gave the president authorization to fight terrorism in 2001 in response to the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. The Trump administration, like the Bush and Obama administrations before it, is saying it doesn't need congressional approval for each new conflict involving terrorist organizations.
A second resolution being discussed in the Foreign Relations Committee, proposed by Sens. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., and Todd Young, R-Ind., is a pared-down alternative that expands the number of exemptions beyond just Al Qaeda. It also allows U.S. force against ISIS and Iranian “terrorist activities” in Yemen. Critics say it is too weak, while supporters say it has a far better chance of passing the Senate.
The House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed a nonbinding resolution in November condemning the U.S.'s involvement in Yemen, but efforts to pass a stronger measure that would force the president's hand have gone nowhere.
CORRECTION (March 19, 2018, 6:02 p.m. ET): A previous version of this article contained an incorrect estimate of the number of U.S. military personnel on the ground in Yemen to fight Al Qaeda. The U.S. government has not revealed how many service members are in Yemen, a figure that is classified.
This could be the last year that Summit County holds its primary election on a different day from the state's.
The deputy director of Summit County's board of elections discusses the idea of changing the County's primary election date
The mayors of five Summit County cities and the county executive want to move the local primary to May to coincide with the state's.
Deputy County Elections Director Paula Sauter says it would save money and make absentee voting easier for on-duty military personnel.
“The savings annually could be anywhere from $100,000 to $400,000 a year if we are able to completely eliminate the September primary from the County's budget.”
In their joint announcement, the mayors and county executive said they will ask their respective councils to approve putting the issue before the voters in this year's general election.
2017 NLDS Washington Nationals vs Chicago Cubs Game 1
Both of the National League matchups should be entertaining. They've got good lineups and pitching staffs, they should be fun to watch.
Kyle Kendricks is starting game 1 for Chicago. He's had a shortened season but pitched well. He's a contact 2-seam, slider type pitcher who needs to keep the ball down in the zone and get ground balls to have a chance. The Nats lineup is a good low ball hitting group but they can be free swinging at times getting impatient. If he can spot the corners at knee height he should be able to get through the lineup. If he misses the Nationals have power to make him pay.
Stephen Strasburg will take the ball for the Nationals. He's had a really good year, putting up consistent strikeout numbers and low era. Finally starting to show consistency and be the pitcher everyone expected. Strasburg has a power fastball, power curve and changeup. If he's able to get all 3 going then the Cubs hitters will have a looooong night. He can be erratic and throw a lot of pitches, so it's important they work the count on him. He's going to challenge with his fastball and get a lot of swings and misses with his curveball. The changeup is for show and gets him some quick outs to get him deeper into the game.
I think the Nats will be able to get to Hendricks and put up some runs. The Cubs haven't been themselves and Strasburg can play on their aggressiveness with his stuff and limited wildness. Bullpen edge goes to Chicago since the Nats need to find a way to get the ball to Kintzler. This series should be good to watch with all the star power from both teams.
Can the Cubs find their magic from last year or will the Nationals finally win a playoff series?
I'd love to hear your opinions positive or negative. DM me to talk pitching!
Follow me:
Instagram : @S_onthechest
Twitter: @S_onhischest
Snapchat: S_onthechest13
Jurgen Klopp believes Liverpool are not assured of a place in the Champions League final despite leading 5-0 against Roma in the first leg of the semi-final before conceding two away goals.
A sensational individual performance from Mohamed Salah, who scored a first-half brace and produced two assists after the break, built a 5-0 lead at a deafening Anfield on Tuesday.
But, after Salah was substituted, Roma scored late away goals through Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti, ensuring a repeat of the Giallorossi's stunning 3-0 home win over Barcelona in the last round would send them through.
"I learned tonight we can still win in Rome, they need to score against us," Klopp told a post-match news conference.
"We are not Barcelona, they are one of the best two or three teams in the world and won so many things - we didn't. We will fight with all we have.
"It's much better than I expected before the game but already I'm more interested in the Stoke game than the second leg against Roma.
"The atmosphere tonight was absolutely outstanding and everyone who has a ticket I expect the same on Saturday [at home against Stoke City], because we need it.
"It's a massive game, we need to be ready, we will try everything we can to be ready for that."
A first-half injury suffered by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain cast a shadow over a remarkable Liverpool display, with Klopp downbeat on the England midfielder.
The German also suggested Roma were fortunate to be awarded a penalty for a handball by James Milner, Perotti converting from 12 yards.
"To be honest the biggest blow in the dressing room is [Oxlade-Chamberlain's] injury. Conceding two goals is not what we want but we can't change it, that's football," Klopp said.
"The boys played a brilliant game over a very long period and even in the last few minutes when we conceded - Dejan [Lovren] played a world-class game but he misjudged a ball, usually it's no problem if the full-back is in the right position.
"Trent [Alexander-Arnold] is in the wrong position, but they won all the balls before. They get in a good position and can score. We made one mistake, the referee made one mistake [for the penalty], two goals for them, that's how it is."
Record signing Oscar lands in Shanghai to join SIPG
Brazilian midfielder Oscar landed in Shanghai on Monday where the 25-year-old was set to smash the Asian transfer record with a reported 60 million euros ($63 million) deal with Shanghai SIPG.
Dozens of supporters chanting club songs swarmed the former Chelsea player at the city's Pudong airport.
Oscar's arrival in the Chinese Super League comes ahead of that of Argentina's former Manchester United striker Carlos Tevez, who signed for Shanghai Shenhua in another big-money deal last week.
Tevez's transfer fee was 10.5 million euros, according to the website transfermarkt.com, which tracks dealings in the sport, though the reported two-year contract of 38 million euros per season ($40 million) makes him the world's highest salaried footballer.
SIPG's general manager on Monday dismissed concerns raised by state media of a market bubble in the super-rich Chinese league, arguing prices have to be higher to attract players away from big European leagues.
“The league is developing so of course it will go through many different stages,” Sui Guoyang told AFP, after escorting Oscar through a media scrum.
“I believe that from now on the Chinese Super League will become healthier and more normal,” he added.
Some fans put it more bluntly.
“In the end if you do not pay the money then nobody would be willing to come over here,” said SIPG supporter Zou Jiahuo.
Oscar will join fellow Brazilian player Hulk who joined SIPG for a reported 55 million euros in July 2016.
The pair will be coached by former Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea manager Andre Villas-Boas.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Two-time WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair was hospitalized and admitted to an intensive care unit over the weekend, and after initially downplaying the seriousness of the issue, a representative for Flair has made a plea for public support.
Melinda Morris Zanoni, the CEO of Legacy Talent LLC, tweeted out the latest on Flair's situation late Sunday night.
As first reported by Pro Wrestling Sheet, Flair was hospitalized on Saturday morning for heart-related issues, with Zanoni initially reporting the situation involved "routine monitoring." PW Insider's Mike Johnson reported that Flair is hospitalized near his home in Atlanta.
Flair, 68, has spent the past five decades of his career in the world of professional wrestling with a reputation as one of the most charismatic personalities in the history of that business. His popularity and personality have transcended into the world of professional sports on many occasions, with players recreating some of his most famous wrestling promos and Flair himself often called to serve as a motivational speaker.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Some neighborhoods in the Miami area will get some new mosquitoes in the coming days.
Officials hope the new imports, all males, will rush to mate with female mosquitoes already in the area. The goal is to reduce the mosquito population.
The new mosquitoes carry bacteria that make them produce dud eggs. Over time, studies have shown they can help shrink the mosquito population in small areas.
“The Wolbachia male mosquitos do not bite or blood feed and are incapable of transmitting diseases,” the City of South Miami said in a statement.
Related: Sterile mosquitoes released near Florida Keys
“The released male mosquitoes mate with the female mosquitoes. The resulting eggs do not hatch, which can reduce the mosquito population that can transmit mosquito-borne viruses.”
The mosquitoes are bred by a company called MosquitoMate, formed to commercialize research done at the University of Kentucky.
“MosquitoMate male mosquitoes are not genetically modified. Instead, the MosquitoMate method relies on Wolbachia, which is a naturally occurring bacterium present in up to 60 percent of all the different species of insects around us, including some mosquitoes,” the company said in a statement.
“It is not infectious and cannot be transmitted to any warm-blooded animals or humans.”
While some insects naturally host the bacteria, mosquitoes do not. This program targets Aedes aegypti mosquitoes, which spread Zika, dengue, yellow fever and other viruses.
The approach has helped control mosquitoes elsewhere.
Related: Infected mosquitoes can't transmit Zika
“MosquitoMate has completed successful trials in Kentucky, California, and New York,” the company said.
“Trials have shown significant reduction in the female Aedes aegypti mosquito population. The released male mosquitoes only mate with the females of the same species (Aedes aegypti) so there is no effect on other mosquito species.”
South Miami will start out with a trial, comparing one neighborhood to another.
“The program will designate a one-half-square-mile treatment area and a similarly-sized control area within the City of South Miami,” the city said.
Miami is one of the areas that's a permanent home to Aedes aegypti. South Florida and South Texas both had home-grown outbreaks of Zika, which causes severe birth defects if pregnant women catch it.
The Wolbachia mosquito project is among several ways scientists are working to change mosquitoes so they transmit less disease.
Mini drones sporting horsehair coated in a sticky gel could one day take the pressure off beleaguered bee populations by transporting pollen from plant to plant, researchers said.
Roughly three-quarters of the world's flowering plants and about 35 percent of the world's food crops depend on animals to pollinate them, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Some of nature's most prolific pollinators are bees, but bee populations are declining around the world, and last month, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service listed a native species as endangered for the first time.
This illustration shows a tiny drone equipped with horsehair and coated with a gel that could be used to pollinate flowers. Eijiro Miyako
Now, researchers from Japan said they've taken the first steps toward creating robots that could help pick up the slack from insect pollinators. The scientists created a sticky gel that lets a $100 matchbox-size drone pick up pollen from one flower and deposit it onto another to help the plants reproduce.
"This is a proof of concept — there's nothing compared to this. It's a totally first-time demonstration," said study leader Eijiro Miyako, a chemist at the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science in Tsukuba, Japan. "Some robots are expected to be used for experiments in pollination, but no one has tried yet."
A Happy Accident
The key innovation of the new study, published today (Feb. 9) in the journal Chem, is the so-called ionic liquid gel, but according to Miyako it was more down to luck than design. The gel was actually the result of a failed attempt to create electrically conducting liquids and had sat forgotten in a desk drawer for nearly a decade.
But after eight years, it still hadn't dried out, which most other gels would have done, and was still very sticky, Miyako said. Fortunately, this discovery coincided with Miyako watching a documentary that detailed concerns about insect pollinators.
"I actually dropped the gel on the floor and I noticed it absorbed a lot of dust, and everything linked together in my mind," he told Live Science.
Related: No Creepy Crawlies Here: Gallery of the Cutest Bugs
The gel has just the right stickiness, meaning it can pick up pollen but is not so adhesive that it won't let the grains go.
The scientists next tested how effectively the gel could be used to transport pollen among flowers. To do so, the researchers put droplets of the material on the back of ants and left the insects overnight in a box full of tulips. The next day, the scientists found that the ants with the gel had picked up far more pollen grains than those insects that lacked the sticky substance.
In a side experiment, the researchers found that it was possible to integrate photochromic compounds, which change color when exposed to UV or white light, into the gel. Scientists stuck this material onto living flies, giving the bugs color-changing capabilities. This, Miyako said, could ultimately act as some kind of adaptive camouflage to protect pollinators from predators.
Real Solutions?
But while improving the ability of other insects to pollinate flowers is a potential solution to falling bee numbers, Miyako said he was not convinced, and so began to look elsewhere. "It's very difficult using living organisms for real practical realizations, so I decided to change my approach and use robots," he said.
The hairs that make insects like bees fuzzy are important for their role as pollinators, because the hairs increase the surface area of the bees' bodies, giving pollen more material to stick to. In order to give the smooth, plastic drone similar capabilities, the scientists added a patch of horsehair to the robot's underside, which was then coated with the gel.
Related: How a Goggle-Wearing Parrot Could Aid Flying Robot Designs
The researchers then flew the drones to collect pollen from the flowers of Japanese lilies and transport this pollen to other flowers. In each experiment, the researchers made 100 attempts at pollinating the flower, achieving an overall success rate of 37 percent. Drones without the patch of hair, or with uncoated hair, failed to pollinate the plants.
Miyako said there are currently limitations to the technology, because it is difficult to manually pilot the drone. However, he added that he thinks GPS and artificial intelligence could one day be used to automatically guide robotic pollinators.
Before these robo-bees become a reality, though, the cost of the drone will have to come down drastically and it's 3-minute battery life will need to improve significantly, Miyako said. But he added that he is confident this will happen eventually.
Dave Goulson, a professor at the University of Sussex in the United Kingdom, said he sees the intellectual interest in trying to create robot bees, but he's skeptical about how practical they are and worries about distracting from more vital pollinator conservation work. Goulson specializes in the conservation of bumblebees but was not involved with the new research.
Related: How We're Teaching Endangered Reefs to Help Themselves
In a blog post, he wrote that there are roughly 3.2 trillion bees on the planet. Even if the robo-bees cost 1 cent per unit and lasted a year, which he said is a highly optimistic estimate, it would cost $32 billion a year to maintain the population and would litter the countryside with tiny robots.
"Real bees avoid all of these issues; they are self-replicating, self-powering and essentially carbon-neutral," Goulson wrote in the post. "We have wonderfully efficient pollinators already. Let's look after them, not plan for their demise."
Original article on Live Science.
Editor's Recommendations
Why it matters to you The new chatbot makes it easy for Apple Music subscribers to share a song or even listen in.
Need some music inspiration? A new Facebook Messenger bot might be able to help. Apple recently rolled out an Apple Music Messenger Bot that allows users to find new tunes via a simple chat or even an emoji — and even stream full songs and playlists.
The new chatbot recommends music based on the conversation. Once a chat is started with Apple Music, the bot asks for an artist, song, or genre. With that information, the bot recommends a song or playlist. Tapping on the result brings up options inside an Apple Music pop-up, where subscribers can listen to the full song or playlist while everyone can get a 30-second preview.
The pop-up window also has a share option for sending the tune inside Messenger — so sending that love song to your other half or sharing your new favorite tune with a friend just takes a few clicks.
The bot is also emoji-friendly, which means you can pick the emoji that suits your mood, send it, and find a new playlist or song to match the emoji.
Along with serving as a conversational partner all on its own, Apple Music is also now an extension inside Facebook Messenger to adding to existing conversations with friends. Tapping on the plus icon, Apple Music is now listed under the extensions. Once open, the extension allows you to send songs to friends either through searching or picking one of the recommended top hits.
Apple Music isn't the first streaming platform to bring music into the conversation. M, Facebook Messenger's AI assistant that suggests tasks like “make a plan” based on your chats with friends, has a Spotify integration. When the bot picks up a song in any conversation, a Spotify icon pops up that serves as a shortcut to send the song. M can suggest movies, too.
While suggesting and sharing songs already exists inside Messenger, Apple Music is the first platform that will actually stream songs inside the Messenger app. Any user can listen to a sample, but a full Apple Music subscription is required to stream full songs and playlists. The ad-free streaming service costs $10 a month with three free months for new subscribers.
Daddy Freeze slams Chimamanda Adichie over her Hilary Clinton comments
Daddy Freeze has slammed renowned writer, Chimamanda Adichie.
The writer had called out Hillary Clinton for using “Wife, mother and grandmother” on her Twitter bio instead of starting it with ex-Senator, ex- Secretary of State and former presidential candidate.
Daddy Freeze found this disappointing, thus slammed the writer in a new post.
Using former U.S.A president, Obama's Twitter bio as a reference, he wrote;
Dear Chimamanda, I used to be a huge fan until I read your interview with Hillary Clinton.
–
Now I'm somewhere in the vesica pisces, torn between the enormous respect I had for the quality of your work and anger for what you are beginning to brandish.
–
Let me set the record straight, I am not a fan of Hillary Clinton, so I'm not jumping in as her guardian angel. As a matter of fact, I completely disagree with most of the decisions she took while in office.
–
Besides this however, woman to woman, what Hillary has achieved, in my opinion, you NEVER CAN, ‘no be beans', so you're suggesting how she should be addressed is what we Yorubas call ‘Iwosi'.
–
Even Obama refers to himself as a dad first, husband second, so what's your point exactly? Why can't Hillary be addressed as wife first, if she so chooses?
–
Could your utterances be stemming from inadequacies you need to attend to? You might consider investigating this.
–
Now, let me warn you, there are no dividing forces greater than color, race, gender and tribe. These factors continue to ensure humanity remains segregated. This table you are shaking has vast consequences even you didn't bargain for.
–
People have been over the last two years, urging me to preach about Jesus being black and I never have, do you know why? Because I DONT CARE ABOUT HIS COLOR, it's irrelevant, I care about HIS MESSAGE!
–
In the same vein, I follow you simple because of your message, NOT BECAUSE OF YOUR GENDER OR COLOR OR TRIBE. So kindly keep the focus on the message, which in my opinion is excellent.
–
Don't mar it by demarcating yourself into a ‘gender', unless of course you are employing this as a marketing tool, which, please be warned, has its own repercussions! ~FRZ
–
#FreeTheSheeple
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post Daddy Freeze slams Chimamanda Adichie over her Hilary Clinton comments appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
If only Snap CEO Evan Spiegel's alleged words about the app being "only for rich people" could disappear just like all of those Snapchats being sent.
The recently unsealed contents of a lawsuit brought by a former employee have angered Snapchat users in India, after it was alleged Spiegel, the world's youngest self-made billionaire, said he did not want to "expand into poor countries like India."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Billions for Snapchat: Shares Soar As Social Media Company Goes Public 1:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"This is ridiculous," fired back a spokesperson for Snap on Monday. "Obviously Snapchat is for everyone! It's available worldwide to download for free. Those words were written by a disgruntled former employee. We are grateful for our Snapchat community in India and around the world."
The remarks were contained in a complaint filed in January by Anthony Pompliano, a former employee of Snap, who is suing the now-public company for attempting to "destroy his career and reputation."
Related: Snap IPO Set to Make Snapchat Co-Founders Into Overnight Billionaires
Pompliano's lawsuit also includes allegations Snap inflated its user metrics and that Spiegel's alleged comments about not wanting to go to India were made when he suggested exploring new markets.
"Snap did not give investors misstated user metrics back in 2015; nor did Snap employees commit any of the panoply of alleged bad acts that litter Pompliano's complaint. Snap will demonstrate as much at the appropriate time in the appropriate forum," the company said in the unsealed complaint.
Snap has also been hitting back on Twitter, retweeting some users who are supporting the company. "Ppl outraged over ONE claim with no proof?" one person wrote.
Other users took to Twitter to air their distaste.
The similarities between white women's support of Moore and their support of Trump is indicative of a larger historical trend I've written about before, in the aftermath of the 2016 U.S. presidential election. White women ally themselves with white men for what they believe is their own gain, security, and assurance, while not realizing the harm caused by the internalized misogyny that fuels their cognitive dissonance and consequential support of men who abuse women.
The historical narrative, as I detailed following Trump's win, illustrates how white women have thwarted the women's rights movement from the 19th century onward. They did so by deliberately building coalitions with white men, and specifically racist white men who fought for a version of American traditionalism blatantly rooted in America's foundations of slavery and systemic racism.
White female suffragists chose alliances with these men rather than forming alliances with black and brown women because they wanted power — rights and privileges — and knew that the people who could give them those rights and privileges were the people already in power: white men. White supremacy, therefore, was white women's savior and solace — it was the source of their power. This pragmatism fomented racism, deepening racial and ethnic divisions between women that effectively crippled the women's movement.
Given the historical conservatism of Alabama as a solid “red” state, there is no reason to doubt the likelihood of a Moore victory. In the 2016 presidential election, Donald Trump won Alabama by twenty-eight points running against Hillary Clinton.
White women have thwarted the women's rights movement from the 19th century onward.
Sometimes, internalized misogyny is masked by apathy, which, at worst, implies agreement and consensus with anti-women sentiment and behavior. For example, in a question from the Washington Post-Schar School poll that highlights Moore's “unwanted advances” toward teenage girls, the largest percentage of respondents said that they have “no opinion” about Moore's alleged sexual assault and harassment of several young women. “No opinion” smacks of indifference, a turning-the-other-cheek, an avoidance—in other words, complicity. It is complicity with (sexual) violence against women and girls, and complicity with men's behavior in committing these crimes.
In the follow-up question, respondents who said they had “no opinion” or that they do not believe the allegations against Moore justified their beliefs using a bevy of misogynistic statements: that either “the women's stories are not believable” or that the allegations are simply a political hit-job because they “were made shortly before the election.”
The failure or refusal to believe women who have been subject to violence also bespeaks the kind of misogyny that discredits and erases women. Often other women perpetrate this strategy—as evident in Moore defender Jane Porter's outlandish comments on CNN earlier this week in which she circumvented the sexual assault accusations by asserting that there is a “group of non-accusers” who should be listened to as well.
Sometimes, internalized misogyny is masked by apathy, which, at worst, implies agreement and consensus with anti-women sentiment and behavior.
Yet, the fact women fail to support other women, given the shared history of oppression and objectification that women have faced collectively, never ceases to shock and amaze. There are some women—white women in particular—who would rather cleave onto abusive men rather than support other women.
French feminist Simone de Beauvoir proffered an insightful reason for this noticeable lack of female collectivity in her seminal text, The Second Sex (1949). She explained that the history of women's lack of collectivity and arguable complicity with their oppression inheres in the morality that underlies heterosexuality—that women belong to men, and that they form a perfect unit and union when with men:
“[W]omen lack concrete means for organizing themselves into a unit which can stand face to face with the correlative unit,” de Beauvoir wrote. “They have no past, no history, no religion of their own; and they have no such solidarity of work and interest as that of the proletariat…. They live dispersed among the males, attached through residence, housework, economic condition, and social standing to certain men—fathers or husbands—more firmly than they are to other women. If they belong to the bourgeoisie, they feel solidarity with men of that class, not with proletarian women; if they are white, their allegiance is to white men, not to Negro women…. The bond that unites her to her oppressors is not comparable to any other.”
The woman is, therefore, the “second” sex. Never the first. Never independent. And the force of this history — of patriarchy — has informed not only how men see and treat women, but how women see and treat themselves.
Marcie Bianco is a writer and the managing editor of the Clayman Institute for Gender Research at Stanford University.
If Javascript is disabled browser, to place orders please visit the page where I sell my photos, powered by Fotomoto.
WASHINGTON - Praising the strength of America's oldest alliance, President Donald Trump welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron to the White House Tuesday with a pomp-filled ceremony on the South Lawn, opening a day of talks on the future of the Iran nuclear deal and the crisis in Syria.
Trump said the partnership he forged with Macron at the start of his presidency was a testament to the "enduring friendship that binds our two nations." He thanked the French leader for his "steadfast partnership" during the recent missile strike in response to the chemical attack in Syria.
Macron told Trump that together the U.S. and France would defeat terrorism, curtail weapons of mass destruction in North Korea and Iran and act together on behalf of the planet, a reference to Macron's work to revive a U.S. role in the Paris climate accord.
"History is calling us. It is urging our people to find the fortitude that has guided us in the most difficult of times," Macron said. "France and with it, Europe, and the United States have an appointment with history."
The pageantry of Macron's official state visit, the first of the Trump presidency, comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House. About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera.
Monday night was more relaxed, featuring a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and a trip to the Potomac River home of George Washington with their wives for dinner. The presidents and their spouses hopped on a helicopter bound for Mount Vernon, Washington's historic riverside home, for a private dinner one night before the leaders sit down for talks on a weighty agenda including security, trade and the Iran nuclear deal.
"This is a great honor and I think a very important state visit given the moment of our current environment," Macron said Monday after his plane landed at a U.S. military base near Washington.
Macron's pomp-filled three-day state visit to Washington underscores the importance that both sides attach to the relationship: Macron, who calls Trump often, has emerged as something of a "Trump whisperer" at a time when the American president's relationships with other European leaders are more strained. Trump, who attaches great importance to the optics of pageantry and ceremony, chose to honor Macron with the first state visit of his administration as he woos the French president.
For all their camaraderie, Macron and Trump disagree on some fundamental issues, including the multinational nuclear deal, which is aimed at restricting Iran's development of nuclear weapons. Trump, skeptical of the pact's effectiveness, has been eager to pull out as a May 12 deadline nears. Macron says he is not satisfied with the situation in Iran and thinks the agreement is imperfect, but he has argued for the U.S. sticking with the deal on the grounds that there is not yet a "Plan B."
The Trumps and Macrons helped plant a tree on the White House grounds together before boarding Trump's Marine One helicopter for a scenic tour of monuments built in the capital city designed by French-born Pierre L'Enfant as they flew south to Mount Vernon, the first U.S. president's home along the Potomac River.
The young oak is an environmentally friendly gift to the White House from Macron, and one that also bears historical significance. It sprouted at a World War I site in France, the Battle of Belleau Wood, that became part of U.S. Marine Corps lore.
After Trump's helicopter landed at Mount Vernon, the two presidents, each holding his wife's hand, walked a short distance and posed for pictures before they boarded golf carts that ferried them to the front door of Washington's plantation house. The couples were led on a brief outdoor tour before they entered the pale yellow building for dinner of Dover sole, pasta stuffed with lemon ricotta, and chocolate souffle and cherry vanilla ice cream.
Trump declared the dinner "really fantastic" before returning to the White House.
He ended his first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit, the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so. He was Macron's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in the center of Paris. Macron and his wife also took Trump and America's first lady on a tour of Napoleon's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light.
Macron will be welcomed back to the White House on Tuesday with a traditional arrival ceremony featuring nearly 500 members of the U.S. military and a booming 21-gun salute. The state visit also offers Macron his first Oval Office sit-down with Trump and a joint White House news conference. There's also a State Department lunch hosted by Vice President Mike Pence.
The French president's White House day will be capped Tuesday night with a state dinner, the highest social tribute a president bestows on an ally and partner.
Melania Trump played an active role in every detail of the visit, said White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
The first lady settled on a state dinner menu of rack of lamb and nectarine tart, along with after-dinner entertainment provided by the Washington National Opera for about 150 guests. On Monday, she released details of the glitzy affair being planned to dazzle Macron and his wife, Brigitte.
Dinner will be served in the State Dining Room, which will feature more than 2,500 stems of white sweet pea flowers and nearly 1,000 stems of white lilac. Separately, more than 1,200 branches of cherry blossoms will adorn the majestic Cross Hall.
The first lady opted for a cream-and-gold color scheme, and will use a mix of china services from the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush.
State dinner tickets are highly sought after by Washington's political and business elite. A few of those expected to attend: Christine Lagarde, head of the International Monetary Fund and a former top French government official; House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.; Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and his wife, Louise Linton; Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, Sen. Bill Cassidy, R-La., and Mike Pompeo, Trump's choice to be the next secretary of state.
In a break with tradition, Trump has invited no congressional Democrats or journalists, said a White House official who was not authorized to discuss the arrangements publicly. But some Democrats did make the cut, including Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards, whose office confirmed his attendance.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Nominations are now available for the annual NCET Technology Awards through midnight Monday, Feb. 26.
Previous winners are not eligible to re-enter in the same category, but may be nominated in other categories.
Categories up for nomination are:
Technology Organizations and Technologists
– Technologist of the Year
– Technology Company of the Year
– Aerospace / Aviation Company of the Year
– Energy Company of the Year
– FinTech Company of the Year
– Food Manufacturer / Processing Company of the Year
– Logistics Company of the Year
– Manufacturing Company of the Year
– Medical / Health Services Company of the Year
– Software Company of the Year
– Technology Start-up of the Year
– Best Use of Technology by a Nonprofit
– Micro-Enterprise Technology Company of the Year
Organizational and Individual Technology Advocates
Recommended Stories For You
– Educator of the Year
– Rising Star* of the Year (must have been born after Jan. 1, 1988)
– Creative Services
– Professional Services
– Technical Services
– Tech Advocate of the Year
– Creative Services
– Professional Services
– Financial Services – Bank, credit unions, investment funds / groups, etc.
– Professional Services Organizations
– Creative Services
– Legal, Accounting, etc.
Winners will be honored at the NCET Awards Dinner on Thursday, April 5, 2018 at the Atlantis Casino Resort Spa. Tickets and tables for the Awards Dinner will be available soon.
For sponsorship opportunities, nominations or more information, contact Dave aArcher at Dave@NCET.org or 775-315-7635, or go online at http://www.ncet.org.
NEW ORLEANS — The Philadelphia 76ers have decided to sit out Joel Embiid against the Pelicans on Sunday night because of stiffness in the 7-foot centre's back.
Embiid was expected to play in New Orleans after sitting out Saturday night's loss to Cleveland to rest his surgically repaired knee.
Embiid, who has averaged 23.5 points and 11.1 rebounds in 21 games, had off-season surgery for a torn meniscus in his left knee and the Sixers have been limiting his playing time, including not playing him on back-to-back nights.
Philadelphia also held out guard T.J. McConnell with a left shoulder sprain.
The Sixers already had ruled out forward Robert Covington, who hurt his back crashing over the first row of stands in an attempt to save a ball from going out of bounds in Cleveland on Saturday night.
——
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
FRANKFORT, KY (WAVE) – A proposed law to teach Kentucky students about the dangers of heroin and prescription drug addiction is moving forward.
The education committee sent House Bill 145 to the full floor. House Bill 145 would include instruction in physical education and health education classes throughout elementary, middle, and high schools.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ TJ's Bill headed to full house for vote
+ UofL interim president optimistic about accreditation
+ Woman killed at Bedford doctor's office identified; accused killer still at large
The classes would emphasize the connection between prescription painkillers and the addiction to heroin and synthetic drugs.
The bill is sponsored by Republican Representative James Tipton of Taylorsville.
"It's hard for us to imagine that we have to start talking about for children at such a young age, but they're exposed to it everyday and they need to be properly educated," said Tipton. "Hopefully, this legislation will prevent some deaths in the future."
The bill would require the state's Office of Drug Control Policy to develop recommendations for the school program by the end of the year.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
ROME — Police in northern Italy found a small arsenal of Kalashnikovs, pistols and ammunition hidden in the trunk of a rental car and arrested the Bosnian man who was driving it.
The ANSA news agency says police believe the car, which had Swiss license plates, was headed to Barcelona when they stopped it on a routine check April 19 in Gorizia, near Italy's northeast border with Croatia and Austria.
ANSA says police became suspicious when they found two Berettas in a bag. They then proceeded to search the rest of the car and found several guns in the spare wheel well of the trunk and another stash under the back seat.
The 52-year-old Bosnian was being held on suspicion of possession and transport of weapons of war.
“The Department of Justice will seek the death penalty against drug traffickers when it's appropriate under current law,” Andrew Bremberg, who leads the Domestic Policy Council, said on the briefing call.
White House officials would not answer what type of hypothetical case would involve the death penalty, referring questions to the Justice Department. Mr. Trump will also urge Congress to lower the threshold to use mandatory minimum sentences on opioid dealers, and will look for tougher criminal sentences on traffickers of certain drugs, such as fentanyl.
Kellyanne Conway, the White House counselor who has been the point person within the West Wing on the issue, cited grim statistics on the impact of opioids.
“More than 115 people a day die from opioid-related drug overdoses in this country, and in 2016, opioid overdose deaths surpassed breast cancer deaths,” she said. “Nine out of 10 new heroin users begin through an opioid prescription.”
The plan seeks to cut the number of opioid prescriptions filled by a third within three years, a restriction that will face opposition from critics who argue it could have unintended consequences for people with chronic and even acute pain, and that it instead could force some users to seek more dangerous drugs, like heroin and synthetic fentanyl.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Officials were vague about how the administration would reduce prescriptions, saying only that a main goal would be for prescribers for Medicaid, Medicare and other federal health programs to follow guidelines that the C.D.C. published two years ago. Those guidelines recommended that doctors first try ibuprofen and aspirin to treat pain, and that opioid treatment for short-term pain last no more than a week.
On addiction treatment, the plan includes little besides a vague goal of expanding access to “evidence-based addiction treatment” in every state, particularly for members of the military, veterans and their families and for people leaving jail or prison. Echoing public health experts, a White House official on Sunday's conference call described the three medications used to blunt opioid cravings — buprenorphine, methadone and naltrexone — as “the gold standard.”
Mr. Trump has declared the opioid crisis a public health emergency and proposed, in his budget plan last month, spending $10 billion on the epidemic over the next two fiscal years.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But the president also called for repealing the Affordable Care Act, which expanded Medicaid to cover much of the addiction treatment provided around the United States over the last few years.
Congress has already allotted $6 billion for fighting the epidemic over the next two years, but is still working out how exactly the money will be spent.
In the meantime, the 21st Century Cures Act, signed by President Barack Obama in 2016, is providing $1 billion through the end of 2018 for prevention and treatment. In comparison, the federal government spent about $21 billion in the 2017 fiscal year on domestic care and treatment for H.I.V. and AIDS.
The president will be heading to a key early primary state that handed him his first primary victory in 2016. Other Republicans who are considering challenges to the president have already started visiting the New Hampshire.
Mr. Trump's daughter, Ivanka, will be in Iowa on Monday, and the Trump campaign recently announced a campaign manager, Brad Parscale.
CASSELBERRY, Fla. (AP) – Authorities say a 14-year-old girl was stabbed while walking to a school bus stop.
Seminole County school district spokesman Michael Lawrence tells local news outlets the incident happened Friday morning near an elementary school in Casselberry, which is north of Orlando in central Florida.
Lawrence says the student was walking toward the bus stop when she was “approached and stabbed by an unknown male.”
She was taken to a hospital, but her condition hasn't been released.
No further details were immediately available.
An investigation continues.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
The Latest on Turkey's referendum on presidential powers (all times local):
1:30 p.m.
The European Union is calling on the Turkish authorities to launch “transparent investigations” into “alleged irregularities” during last weekend's referendum on increased powers for the country's presidency.
International election observers and opposition parties have reported numerous voting irregularities during the vote which President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan won by a narrow margin.
EU Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas said the EU was encouraging “Turkey to move closer to the European Union again, and not to move even further and faster away from us.”
Turkey's prime minister on Tuesday called on the opposition to respect the result of a referendum that will give sweeping new powers to the office of the president.
___
12 p.m.
Turkey's prime minister has called on the opposition to respect the result of a referendum that will expand the powers of the office of the president.
In an address to legislators from his ruling party on Tuesday, Binali Yildirim said the people had voted to switch from a parliamentary to a presidential system, adding: the “opposition should not speak after the people have spoken.”
An unofficial tally carried by the country's state-run news agency gave President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's “yes” camp a narrow win.
Opposition parties called for the vote to be annulled because of a series of irregularities, particularly an electoral board decision to accept ballots that didn't bear official stamps, as required by Turkish law.
International monitors said the move undermined safeguards against fraud.
Plummer was brought in to re-shoot Spacey's scenes in All The Money In The World after filming had been completed.
Golden Globe-nominated actor Christopher Plummer has praised the “miraculous feat” of his last-minute replacement of Kevin Spacey, who was sacked after being accused of sexual assault.
Director Ridley Scott dumped Spacey from a star role in All The Money In The World after filming had been completed and brought in Plummer to re-shoot the scenes.
The Canadian actor, 87, was nominated for the Globe for best supporting actor for the role as the exorbitantly wealthy but frugal industrialist J Paul Getty.
Delve into the shocking true story behind #AllTheMoneyInTheWorld. At Cinemas January 5. pic.twitter.com/cSALGvldxC — Sony Pictures UK 🎬 (@SonyPicturesUK) December 11, 2017
“I am deeply impressed by the remarkable team Ridley Scott put together for All The Money In The World – they pulled off a miraculous feat over the last month and I'm delighted to have been a part of this unique experience,” Plummer said.
The film is yet to be released and the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which organises the awards, was shown an early preview of the unfinished film, according to a spokeswoman.
The film focuses on Getty's refusal to pay the ransom demands for the release of his kidnapped 16-year-old grandson in 1973.
The quick re-shoots cost a reported $10 million (£7.5 million) and will allow the film to be released in time to be considered during the awards season.
Former House Of Cards star Spacey, 58, is being investigated by Scotland Yard over two allegations of sexual assault claimed to have taken place in Lambeth, south London, in 2005 and 2008.
London's Old Vic theatre, where Spacey was artistic director between 2004 and 2015, has said an internal review found 20 people claimed they had experienced inappropriate behaviour by the Oscar winner.
View photos Kevin Spacey was sacked as allegations mounted against him (Matt Crossick/PA) More
The awards season will be particularly challenging for judges as they navigate the post-Harvey Weinstein scandal landscape which has seen allegations against numerous powerful figures.
The Globes nominated Pamela Adlon for best actress in a comedy series for her role in Better Things, which she co-created with disgraced comedian Louis CK.
Pixar and Disney's Coco, which was released days after studio chief John Lasseter apologised for “missteps” and stepped down from his role, was also nominated for best animated film.
One of the region's leading property lawyers, Wilkin Chapman Solicitors, has warned of a ‘tidal storm', which is set to hit the buy-to-let market.
Reports suggest that the number of landlords planning to reduce their property portfolios has hit a 10-year high – a trend which the National Landlords Association attributes to tax changes.
The changes include the withdrawal of mortgage interest relief for high and additional tax payers, a three per cent surcharge on purchases of additional property, and the introduction of a ban on up-front letting fees for tenants.
Before April 2017, landlords could deduct their mortgage interest costs from their income when calculating their tax bill. And up until now, tenants have tended to foot the bill for tenancy agreements, referencing and credit checks.
But under the announced changes, these costs will be passed on to landlords, explains Jonathan West, a Partner and specialist in property related litigation at Wilkin Chapman solicitors.
“Many landlords have taken advantage of low interest rates over the last 12 years and have bought to let properties with the benefit of a mortgage.
“The return on investment was worthwhile when interest payments could be offset for tax purposes.
“The changes mean some landlords could actually be losing money now.
“There are options to restructure a property portfolio for example setting up a company if you have a landlord with a number of properties rented out.”
These changes come on top of landlords' fears over the implications of the Universal Credit roll-out.
Mr West said: “The well-documented concern for all landlords is that these changes could result in an increase in the number of possession claims for ‘rent arrears'.”
He explained how landlords may well look at other legal measures open to them to manage tenants who build up arrears.
These options include the serving of a ‘Section 8 Notice', which allows for swifter eviction of tenants if they have accrued arrears over a two month/eight-week period.
Mr West said: “Many landlords are aware of their right to claim possession of a property using the Section 21 Notice - giving a tenant two months' notice to leave.
“However, when a tenant is in arrears it would be understandable for any landlord to consider how, giving them at least a further two months in the property, will only serve to increase the losses, and this is where the Section 8 Notice comes in.
“Overall, there are certainly some challenges faced by this sector, which – combined with a relatively fragile housing market and continuing uncertainty over Brexit – could prove too many waves for a number of landlords to be able to ride it out.
“Seek out good professional advice - to look at options to safeguard businesses in the future.
“As a nation, it must be ensured that good quality provision is offered in the rental property sector.”
New pre-schools will be built in Lavenham and Stowmarket for which Suffolk County Council will receive a contribution from the Department for Education .
The preschools will provide up to 15 hours free childcare per week from the term after a child turns three until they start school. From September 2017 this will increase for eligible working parents to a maximum of 30 hours per week during term time.
Gordon Jones, Suffolk Cabinet member for Children's Services, Education and Skills said: “I am very pleased for the communities who will benefit from these new preschools, which we plan to open for September 2017. Other communities will not be left out because we are working with partners to develop new places across Suffolk to meet the likely demand from working parents.”
Ofsted registered childcare providers, childminders and schools can choose to offer funded childcare places for working parents. For more on childcare for working parents, visit www.suffolk.gov.uk/30hours or call Suffolk Family Information Service on 0345 6080033.
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court has upheld a challenged practice that is used to invalidate patents without the involvement of federal courts.
The justices on Tuesday rejected a bid to strike down a process established by Congress in 2011 to speed up patent reviews.
The justices voted 7-2 in favour of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's patent review process. It has been used to invalidate hundreds of patents since it was established in 2012.
Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Neil Gorsuch dissented.
In the automotive world, few names are more iconic than Alfa Romeo and Maserati. But could parent Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) be willing to sell them?
Both brands have checkered recent histories, and FCA has made efforts to revive Alfa and Maserati. Yet some analysts believe FCA may simply cut the two Italian brands loose in order to improve its financial health, according to Forbes. Current CEO Sergio Marchionne plans to retire in 2018, and hopes to leave FCA profitable and without much debt. Selling Alfa and Maserati could accomplish that, analysts say.
Sales of the two Italian automakers, as well as parts division Magneti Marelli, could make FCA debt free, Alexander Haissl, an analyst with Berenberg Bank, said. The sale of Maserati alone could net $3.6 billion to $4.8 billion, enough to offset most of FCA's current debt, Haissl added. He believes Magneti Marelli could bring in $2.3 billion to $3.7 billion. Samsung has reportedly shown interest in the division.
More: The SP 275 RW Competizione is one of the rarest Ferraris ever
It's unclear whether FCA would actually sell Alfa, given that it just invested significantly in two high-volume models: the Giulia sedan and Stelvio SUV. Both are part of a much-discussed, and much-delayed, plan to revive Alfa as a mainstream automaker. The rear-wheel drive platform used by both models is also expected to be employed by Dodge for future versions of the Charger and Challenger.
Maserati recently got its Levante SUV, which will help the brand take advantage of the public's seemingly insatiable appetite for utility vehicles. But the rest of the automaker's lineup is older, and doesn't hold up as well to the competition. FCA hasn't been as aggressive with expansion plans for Maserati as it has for Alfa, although it keeps promising a sports car based on the well-received Alfieri concept that first appeared back in 2014.
FCA already spun off Ferrari in 2015, offering 10 percent of its 90-percent stake in the legendary automaker on the New York Stock Exchange (founder Enzo Ferrari's son Piero kept his 10-percent stake). FCA CEO Marchionne still runs Ferrari, though.
MOSCOW — Congratulations poured in from around the world as Russian President Vladimir Putin celebrated his landslide election win on Monday. But one group was notably silent: some of the heads of the West's leading democracies.
With 99.84 percent of the votes counted by Monday morning, Putin won with a resounding 76.6 percent — nearly 65 percentage points ahead of his closest rival, the Communist Party's Pavel Grudinin, and bettering his own result from 2012 by 13 percentage points.
Chinese President Xi Jinping, an ally of the Russian government, sent a congratulatory message to Putin, and added that the current China-Russia partnership is "at the best level in history," according to the official Xinhua News Agency.
Vladimir Putin meets with co-chairs of his campaign office at the Kremlin in Moscow on Monday. Yuri Kadobnov / Pool via Reuters
The leaders of Azerbaijan, Belarus, Iran, Japan, Kazakhstan, Moldova and Saudi Arabia all congratulated Putin, as did the leaders of Bolivia, Cuba and Venezuela.
Meanwhile, the reaction from Western countries that have been questioning the policies and actions of Putin's government on many fronts has been decidedly muted.
A German government spokesman said Chancellor Angela Merkel would congratulate Putin soon, adding that while Berlin has differences of opinion with Moscow, it's important to keep up contact.
There was no immediate reaction from the United States. The U.S. took a tougher tone on Russia last week, issuing long-awaited sanctions against Russian "cyber actors" for interference in the 2016 U.S. election.
French President Emmanuel Macron did speak with Putin by telephoneon Monday, wishing Russia and its people "success with the modernization of the country on the political, democratic, economic and social fronts."
“ I think there is a feeling that we have been wronged and that breeds unity”
But a spokesperson for British Prime Minister Theresa May said Monday that the U.K. will comment on the outcome of the election when it has seen an assessment by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe's election observation mission. The OSCE has already released a report suggesting the election was well administered, although characterized by restrictions on fundamental freedoms and a lack of genuine competition.
Russia's diplomatic relationship with the United Kingdom turned particularly sour just days before the election in light of the poisoning of former Russian agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter in England.
In an intensifying spat between the two countries, Russia expelled 23 British diplomats on Saturday in a retaliatory measure after Britain accused the Kremlin of responsibility for the poisoning and kicked out 23 Russian diplomats last week.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Vladimir Putin wins fourth presidency in a landslide 0:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
May said last week that she had spoken to President Donald Trump, Merkel and Macron, who all agreed to "cooperate closely" in response to the killing and to "stand up for the rules-based international order which Russia seeks to undermine."
Putin denied Russia was behind the attack during a post-election news conference Sunday night, calling the incident "a tragedy."
"Any sensible person understands that it's a complete fantasy, rubbish, nonsense, that someone in Russia might do something like this on the eve of the presidential elections and the World Cup," Putin said.
This frostiness from the West didn't dent restaurant worker Victor Trakhin's enthusiasm for Putin, however.
"I am with Putin. Seventy-six is not enough — It's 100 percent for me," Trakhin said, a Moscow resident.
He says he finds the muted reaction from the West expected.
"They are afraid. What else can they say? They are not happy Russia is someone to contend with," he said.
Newspapers show Vladimir Putin after his reelection at a newsstand in Moscow on Monday. Kirill Kudryavtsev / AFP - Getty Images
Retiree Stanislav Maslov, 79, disagreed, and said he wished relations with the West were better.
"I also want normalized relations with the rest of the world," said Maslov, who added that he had voted for Grudinin and that he thought Putin's share of the vote would be significantly lower.
With six more years of Putin's rule, Maslov said he wanted the president to pay more attention to the economy and internal affairs.
Some mused about how the Skirpal poisoning affected the results of the election.
Anastasia Esupova, 24, a creative director and St. Petersburg native, called the case "just another provocation," but thinks the diplomatic dispute it caused may have played in Putin's favor.
"A lot of our citizens want to see a strong, military image," Esupova said. "I think there is a feeling that we have been wronged, and that breeds unity."
From within, however, Russian news outlets offered different perspectives on Putin's victory.
One popular Russian newspaper, Komsomolskaya Pravda, released a transcript of a radio interview with Dmitry Abzalov of the Center for Strategic Communications, who said an astonishing number of voters turned out for Putin. “This election was like a referendum, in that the most focus was on one candidate: Putin. And there is a danger here, because the results may cause disappointment,” he said.
A Pravda columnist wrote that Russian citizens find comfort in Putin, which is why they vote for him again and again. In a similar vein, the editor-in-chief of the Russian magazine Historian said in an op-ed in Izvestia that Russians believe that Putin will bring their country success.
Alla Yurievna Perfilova — a singer whose stage name is Valeriya — wrote an op-ed in Izvestia saying she trusts Putin because he gets things done. “Our resources allow us to not depend on anyone," she wrote. "We Russians have a lot of land and a lot of minerals. We have everything that allows us to live a high-quality life. And the responsibility that comes with maintaining this enormous country is a big responsibility, and Putin has been doing it for years."
Yuliya Talmazan reported from Moscow, and Yelena Dzhanova from New York.
DT's weekly entertainment show, Between the Streams, is your guide to all of the hottest, most important, and (of course) the dumbest new developments in streaming and entertainment, providing a handy recap of the week that was and a preview for what's ahead. Follow us here at 2 p.m. PT every Friday, or add us via RSS, iTunes, or Stitcher at the links below to take BtS on the road!
Today on the podcast, it's all about robots: Giant battle robots, humanoid robots, Wild West cowboy robots … let's just say, as dyed-in-the-wool sci-fi fans, it's a theme we're not exactly hating over here.
First up, although we already dug into this last week, we have to remind everyone that Blade Runner 2049 is here, it's awesome, and it's time to go get your tickets. The film is expected to hit the box office with a solid, yet relatively modest $50 million haul on its opening weekend, beginning a nice run for the fall season following Pennywise and company. But most importantly, it's still getting stellar reviews — the aggregate score is at a slightly decreased 88 percent on Rotten Tomatoes, but with a still impressive 8.2 out of 10 average.
But it's what's to come that is getting our motor humming this week, including adaptations of previously untapped treasures from some of the best sci-fi writers in the genre, as well as something fun and splashy for the kid in all of us.
Continuing our robot theme, we'll talk about the latter topic first in the just-released debut trailer from the Pacific Rim sequel, Pacific Rim Uprising. Anyone who's ever played robots as a budding youth knows the joy of the Pacific Rim franchise: It's humongous robots (with people inside) fighting crazy alien monsters who hail from a crack in the ocean that just so happens to also be an inter-dimensional vortex. There's a little Voltron, a dash of Transformers, and a healthy helping of Godzilla — and we like that. The trailer, sprinkled with plenty of John Boyega, is as fun as we expected it to be, and Pacific Rim Uprising looks like another wild ride, with even more epic robot action than the original.
There's plenty of other cool new sci-fi to drool over as well, and it's no coincidence that Friday's gush of releases happen to coincide with New York Comic-Con this weekend. Today, we got impressive new trailers for some anticipated projects, including Amazon's anthology series from the mind of Philip K. Dick (see Blade Runner above), Electric Dreams. It looks a lot like Amazon's Black Mirror, with its throng of stars in a series of disturbing, dystopian sci-fi tales. We're not sure exactly what we just saw in the show's first trailer, but it certainly looks intriguing.
We also got a trailer for a weird new Keanu Reeves movie, in which he apparently resurrects his dead family with the help of Richard from Silicon Valley, aka the Verizon guy, aka Thomas Middleditch. The new film is called Replicas, and while it looks a little cheesy, we're really digging this dystopian future theme hitting the zeitgeist these days. That said, isn't there anyone who thinks the future won't be a pitiless hellscape in which the nature of consciousness and humanity is as ambiguous as the plot of Transformers 5? Ah well, at least it's not T2 bad in most of the new stories.
Also this week: Some intriguing news about Westworld season 2 (again, robots), Avatar 2 updates, Luke Cage season 2 news, a possible Hugh Hefner biopic starring Jared Leto, a Sonic the Hedgehog movie (bad idea), a Bob's Burgers movie (also probably a bad idea), and much more!
So tune in and hit us up live at 2 p.m. PT today, or take us along for the ride with our podcast version by following the links at the top of this story.
Gatestone has been a significant promoter of the disputed notion that “no-go zones” exist in the heart of major cities where Muslims rule by Shariah law. In January 2015, then-Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana, a Republican, cited Gatestone's research in a speech in London.
In September 2015, Fox News contributor Steve Emerson, who's also written for Gatestone, said in an appearance on the network that the British city of Birmingham is a “no-go zone” for non-Muslims. The claim prompted the British broadcasting regulator Ofcom to find the network in breach of its broadcasting code. Emerson later apologized.
There are undoubtedly serious tensions across Western Europe over an immigration influx from Africa and the Middle East. Yet Ben Nimmo, senior fellow at the Atlantic Council's digital forensic research lab, said, “There's a scary degree of ignorance in the U.S. on conditions in Europe, which was exemplified” in the comments Emerson made on the Fox News broadcast.
Trolls
NBC News found at least four instances of known Russian trolls directly re-tweeting from the Gatestone account, according to an NBC News database of deleted tweets sent by Russian trolls. The stories were sent by trolls identified by Twitter as working for the Kremlin-linked Internet Research Agency.
One of the retweeted stories claimed that 500 churches in London have closed while 423 new mosques have opened, which went viral and was picked up by numerous websites including Breitbart News. The fact-checking website Snopes.com said Gatestone used “shoddy research and cherry-picked data” for the story.
Peter Brierley, an expert on British religious statistics, found that London saw 700 new churches from 2005 to 2012 and the total number of churches increased between 2008 and 2013, fueled in part by mass migration of Christians from places like Poland and Romania.
Gatestone's scholars have appeared in Russian media — including Sputnik and RT News (formerly Russia Today) — criticizing mainstream European leaders including France's Macron.
Geert Wilders, head of the Dutch Party for Freedom and a prominent critic of Islam who is listed as a Gatestone author, was on an RT broadcast last month saying Europe lacks strong political leaders like Russia's Vladimir Putin and Trump. In a May 2017 post on Medium, Gatestone contributor Yves Mamou called Macron France's “useful idiot of Islamism.”
“It suits the Kremlin propaganda outlets to portray Western democracies as a failure that have been flooded by migrants and whose societies are breaking down, because then it will make it (democracy) less attractive to Russians,” said Nimmo.
Gatestone had revenue of $2.3 million in 2016. Rosenwald's foundation has also supported right-wing pundits including David Horowitz, whom the Southern Poverty Law Center identified in 2011 as one of 10 people in the U.S. “anti-Muslim inner circle.”
President Donald Trump receives a briefing from senior military leadership accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence and new National Security Adviser John Bolton, from right, at the Cabinet Room of the White House on April 9, 2018 in Washington. Carlos Barria / Reuters
Rosenwald is vice president of the William Rosenwald Family Fund, which funds a host of pro-Israel groups including the Middle East Forum. She has also sat on the board of a number of mainstream pro-Israel organizations and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Gatestone has also received financial backing from Robert and Rebekah Mercer, the billionaire father-daughter team who have supported conservative candidates in the U.S. including Cruz and Trump. The Mercers also co-founded Cambridge Analytica, the data company being scrutinized by special counsel Robert Mueller as part of his investigation into Trump's ties to Russia.
The Mercers' role in the proliferation of right-wing media also includes funding the alt-right Breitbart News in the U.S.
In an archived 2017 web page, Rebekah Mercer was listed as a member of the Gatestone Board of Governors.
The Mercers contributed $100,000 to Gatestone in both 2015 and 2016, according to Gatestone's tax filings, up from $50,000 in 2014. CNN has reported that the John Bolton Super Pac had a 2014 contract with Cambridge Analytica to provide micro targeting and messaging assistance.
Robert Mercer gave $2 million to Bolton's super PAC in 2015 and $1 million in 2016.
'Disseminating false information'
A glance at Gatestone's archive shows how other right-wing groups and publications frequently cite its work.
Gatestone has taken a particular interest in Germany, which has taken in more refugees than any country in the European Union. The sensationalized headline of one story said the German government was “confiscating homes to use for migrants.”
According to Germany-based Correctiv, a nonprofit investigative newsroom, the city of Hamburg did force the owner of six rental properties that sat unused for five years to pay for renovations and rent them. However, the “decision had nothing to do with migrants,” said Tania Roettger, a Correctiv journalist, who added, “Gatestone was known for disseminating false information.”
There were tears aplenty in the latest episode of the BBC drama – contains spoilers
There have been some tough nights in Cornwall and few are tougher than the death of a baby.
Advertisement
We have been here before of course. Poor Julia, Ross and Demelza's child, died in series one from the horribly-named disease “putrid throat”. Now in series four we had to reach for the hankies again when poor Sarah Enys passed away.
Her fate looked dicey last week when her father kept frowning at something he had seen. Had the dog been at her? Did he have doubts about her paternity? Sadly not. All of these would have been bearable. The simple fact was that the good medical man had noticed that she had a weak heart – any challenge to her system and she was doomed.
It says a lot for Enys's medical skills that he could diagnose a “congenital defect of the heart” – language which really belongs more to the 21st Century rather than an age when the likes of Dr Choake are doing the medical rounds with leeches in their kit bags. But he is a very modern man, our Dwight.
And so, in episode four, she was taken from the earth because of the sniffles. And it was hard for us not to sniffle too as the parents coped with the unbearable grief. Caroline insisted on putting on a brave face, not wanting Demelza around because Demelza would cry and that would not do.
The funeral scene as poor Sarah's tiny coffin was taken into the church in the drenching rain was another UPM – Unforgettable Poldark Moment.
Dwight was simply sodden with grief – crying into his pillow each night while Caroline went to London to try and forget the loss amid ballgowns and society chit chat. Each to their own, I suppose.
But in a cruel moment of irony, Dwight showed that he was able to save a life. While he could do nothing to save his daughter, a mine accident saw him don the hero's mantle and save Bobby, the young lad hauled out of the flooded works.
The boy came out still and lifeless, but Dr Enys persevered and he was saved.
The flood has also upset Ross's fortunes – the mine is out of action, the clear-up will be costly and they men need to be paid. Our Ross doesn't pay his men now, does he?
In another ironic twist however this latest setback may be the saving of Ross, financially speaking anyway. As we learned earlier in the episode, Osborne Whitworth has been feeding George information from an ailing parishioner who happens to be in charge of Pascoe's Bank.
The bank is in trouble, creditors have been fleeced, and once the old boy carks it, George is ready to swoop on the moneyhouse which, he gleefully observed, contains Ross's “nest egg”. He even came up with a new insult for Demelza while he was at it – “impudent kitchen troll” – which was nice of him.
But here's the looming twist. Because Ross now needs ready cash it looks likely that he will withdraw all his funds, to pay the men and keep the mine going. You see, being a goodie can have his benefits. But with George now buying his borough and set to return to Parliament, all bets are off when it comes to who will come out on top. A showdown in the Commons is surely on the cards.
Elsewhere, the oily Rev Whitworth is having his wicked way with his wife's sister Rosina – a fact which appears not to have gone unnoticed by Rosina's husband, who caught sight of the chubby vicar exiting their house. This is a story which looks set to explode any minute and it's deliciously funny, in no small measure thanks to a brilliant performance from Christian Brassington as Ossie.
He also made a failed attempt to have Morwenna committed to an asylum. Even Dr Choake was reluctant to do this, and demanded a second opinion from Doctor Enys who was obviously not keen, the cruel denigration of women not being something he does very easily.
The bad Rev also elicited perhaps the greatest understatement in all Poldark. During a visit by the new Geoffrey Charles and Elizabeth, Morwenna observed: “Osborne is a strange man.” Yes, that's one word for it.
Here's hoping the Rev gets his comeuppance, goes away for a long time or preferably carks it, allowing for Morwenna and Drake to be reunited – although it better be quick.
Demelza's none-too-subtle match-making appears to have worked its magic and Rosina and Drake look set to become lovers – the local girl succeeding where she failed with Dr Enys in series two.
They both seem to like each other very much and you could virtually see their young hearts fluttering as they took their clifftop walk.
We also left the night hoping that Demelza's heart won't be fluttering for a while. Ross has gone back to London and we last saw her with Doctor Enys, standing in the doorway and observing with a palpable sigh: “Here we are, all deserted”.
Next week's teaser sees her and Enys embrace, with Demelza saying: “Is it a sin to seek happiness for ourselves?”
Let's hope it was just a friendly hug.
Advertisement
Poldark continues on Sunday nights on BBC1
OTTAWA — This week marked the start of jobs funded through the Canada Summer Jobs program, which has received attention this year because of the Liberal government's efforts to screen organizations applying for funding and blocking any that refuse to attest that neither they nor the summer jobs in question would support an anti-abortion agenda.
Following is a timeline of events based on documents obtained by The Canadian Press under the Access to Information Act, as well as other public sources.
2017
Jan. 11: The Abortion Rights Coalition of Canada puts out a press release saying that 112 crisis pregnancy centres registered as charities received about $3.5 million in government funding between 2011 and 2015. Data tables linked in the release show tens of thousands of dollars in Canada Summer Jobs grants.
Jan. 19: The Liberals announce an extension to Feb. 3 to apply for the Canada Summer Jobs program after officials find not enough businesses are applying.
Feb. 20: Members of the Abortion Rights Coalition of Canada email Labour Minister Patty Hajdu and Status of Women Minister Maryam Monsef about the concerns laid out in the group's January release. The email notes that anti-abortion activists are among those applying for summer jobs grants: “In the interest of patient safety, quality education and respect for charter rights, funding must be stopped immediately and permanently.”
Feb. 21: An official in Hajdu's office forwards the message: “For correspondence. Thanks.” The coalition doesn't get a response.
March 14: Members of the coalition send a second email to Hajdu, copying Monsef and Finance Minister Bill Morneau, making the same request as the February missive. Less than one hour after it arrives in Hajdu's office, an official forwards it with a note: “For indexing. Thanks.” The coalition doesn't get a response. This loop is repeated once more a week later.
April 10: The coalition puts out another release detailing summer jobs grants to anti-abortion groups. Among the groups is one from 2016 in Liberal MP Iqra Khalid's Toronto-area riding: The Canadian Centre for Bio-Ethical Reform. Khalid emails department officials and says the group “should not be receiving funding” and thanks officials for “all your support and help on this.”
April 12: Service Canada calls Khalid's office and writes a follow-up email. Funding won't go to the group, as per Khalid's orders. News outlet iPolitics does a story about the grant in Khalid's riding, but Khalid refers questions to Hajdu's office. A spokesman for Hajdu tells iPolitics it was an oversight if Khalid gave an anti-abortion group funding the previous summer.
April 13: Hajdu's department provides her with speaking points should she be asked about the issue during question period. At the back of the document is a mention of the Canadian Centre for Bio-Ethical Reform: its project number from 2016, the amount of approved funding ($69,750), the amount paid ($56,695) and the number of jobs created (16). Additional information has been blacked out of the documents because officials say it could cause financial harm to the Canadian Centre for Bio-Ethical Reform. There is no mention of new eligibility requirements.
Dec. 8: Hajdu's officials provide her with another list of speaking points for question period, this time specifically about the new declaration. Officials recommend that she say the declaration “is consistent with individual human rights in Canada, charter rights and case law” and the Liberals' “commitment to human rights, which include women's rights and women's reproductive rights, and the rights of gender-diverse and transgender Canadians.”
Dec. 19: Hajdu's department produces a set of media lines for the opening of applications for the Canada Summer Jobs program, as well as a set of questions and answers. The new attestation requirement isn't mentioned in the document. An applicant's guide is also released. The guide says that sexual and reproductive rights includes “the right to access safe and legal abortions.” The guide says the point of the new rules is to prevent federal funding “from flowing to organizations whose mandates or projects may not respect individual human rights.”
2018
Jan. 30: Hajdu's department crafts an updated set of media lines now that the application period has been extended by a week. One of the reasons was due to “recently provided supplementary information to address questions about what constitutes eligible and ineligible organizations, an organization's core mandate and defining respect of individual human rights under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.”
Feb. 27: Hajdu's department crafts an updated set of media lines after applications close. The documents note the number of applications is on par with 2017, that demand exceeds the available budget and also addresses the new eligibility rules. Are religious organizations ineligible? “No. … Applicants are not asked to provide their views, beliefs or values as these are not taken into consideration during application for the program.” Are religious groups being treated differently? “No. … Faith based groups are required to meet the same eligibility criteria as any applicant.”
March 21: A group of religious organizations meet Hajdu about the eligibility criteria. One week later, the group releases a joint letter about the summer jobs requirements, saying it is “extremely disappointed” the Liberals won't change the wording faith-based groups find problematic. Hajdu tells them she's open to further clarifying the intent of the language, but there doesn't appear to be a promise that the wording around reproductive rights in particular would be removed.
April 24: Hajdu announces the launch of jobs being funded through the 2018 version of the program, noting there are 3,000 first-time employers, that applications are on par with last year, and that hundreds of faith-based groups have received funding this year — meaning they marked the “I attest” box.
Beers at Against the Graim brewery. (Source: Amber Powell/Derby City Weekend)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Move over, bourbon. There's a new beverage putting Kentucky on the map - craft beer.
Louisville was named one of VinePair's "Top 10 beercation destinations for 2018."
The recommendations are geared for "the beer lover looking to delve a little deeper into craft beer culture," according to VinePair.
"Ten years ago, Kentucky had no beer tourism. Today, there are 40 craft breweries in the state, with 15 craft breweries in Louisville alone." - VinePair
At least five more breweries are scheduled to open in Kentucky during 2018.
The Kentucky Guild of Brewers said Kentucky produced 30 percent more beer in 2017 than in the previous year. Employment in the craft beer industry was up 25 percent, and the guild expects those numbers to continue growing.
The article mentions Louisville's Against the Grain Brewery, which is known for its tongue-in-cheek and sometimes offensive beer names.
"Against the Grain, someplace like that that started six years ago, completely taproom only - they're now in 42 states and 15 countries. And that's just the explosive growth of our industry, and it's wonderful," Kentucky Guild of Breweries Executive Director Derek Selznick said.
Louisville joined cities like Seoul, Beijing, Chicago and New York on the list of the world's top beer destinations.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Donald Trump Jr., then-candidate Donald Trump and others in the Trump organization received the email on Sept. 14, 2016.
Donald Trump Jr., then-candidate Donald Trump and others in the Trump organization received the email on Sept. 14, 2016.
Betsy Rutenberg Davis lives in California but grew up in Gadsden, AL, the hometown of judge Roy Moore, and is friends with Leigh Corfman, the woman who said Moore sexually assaulted her when she was 14.
Betsy Rutenberg Davis lives in California but grew up in Gadsden, AL, the hometown of judge Roy Moore, and is friends with Leigh Corfman, the woman who said Moore sexually assaulted her when she was 14.
In the EPA's strategic plan, “climate change resilience” is gone, along with links on how to adapt to climate change. Administrators posted the site is being updated “to reflect EPA's priorities under the leadership of President Trump.”
In the EPA's strategic plan, “climate change resilience” is gone, along with links on how to adapt to climate change. Administrators posted the site is being updated “to reflect EPA's priorities under the leadership of President Trump.”
Wounded by allegations of sexual misconduct with teens, Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore has largely disappeared from the traditional campaign trail in the race for U.S. Senate, relying on surrogates and social media.
Wounded by allegations of sexual misconduct with teens, Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore has largely disappeared from the traditional campaign trail in the race for U.S. Senate, relying on surrogates and...
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown, among other issues.
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown, among other issues.
Start the clock for Trump, GOP in last push on taxes, budget
Start the clock for Trump, GOP in last push on taxes, budget
Joyce Simmons, the GOP national committeewoman from Nebraska, resigns from the Republican National Committee because of the RNC's financial support of Moore in Alabama Senate race.
Joyce Simmons, the GOP national committeewoman from Nebraska, resigns from the Republican National Committee because of the RNC's financial support of Moore in Alabama Senate race.
(AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File). In this June 21, 2016, file photo, Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., listens at a U.S. monetary policy meeting on Capitol Hill in Washington.
(AP Photo/Brynn Anderson, File). In this Dec. 5, 2017, photo, former Alabama Chief Justice and U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks at a campaign rally, in Fairhope Ala.
By JAY REEVES, KIM CHANDLER and BILL BARROW
Associated Press
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) - Facing voters at last after the year's most bitter U.S. campaign, Alabama Republican Roy Moore cast himself Monday as the victim of a national barrage of unjust allegations of sexual misconduct with teenagers. Rival Doug Jones, hoping to become the state's first Democratic senator in two decades, declared their race was Alabama's referendum on "who we are and what we're going to tell our daughters."
Allegations aside, President Donald Trump said in a robocall to Alabama voters that he badly needs Moore's own vote in the U.S. Senate. Former President Barack Obama and his vice president, Joe Biden, recorded calls for Jones seeking to break the GOP's lock on statewide office in Alabama.
Whether the calls would sway anyone so late in such a highly publicized campaign was an open question. So was the impact of a rash of false news stories that have appeared on social media spreading misinformation.
One website wrongly claimed that one of the women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. Meanwhile, Moore's detractors took to social media to claim he had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office. He didn't.
On election eve, Moore called in to a conservative talk radio show in Alabama to lament the tone of the campaign and portray cast himself as the victim of the sexual misconduct allegations.
"We've seen things happen in this campaign that I can't believe to this day," said Moore, who has denied all wrongdoing in contacts with the women who said he behaved inappropriately when they were in their teens and he was a local prosecutor in his 30s. One said he initiated sexual contact when she was 14.
"It's just been hard, a hard campaign," said Moore, a former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice who was twice removed from that post for violating judicial ethics.
At an evening rally in the state's rural southeast, Moore told voters, "If you don't believe in my character, don't vote for me."
Former White House strategist Steve Bannon, who also spoke the Moore rally, argued that the election is "greater than Judge Moore and even greater than the people of Alabama," casting it as a referendum on Trump's agenda.
Alabama has been a solidly Republican state for years, and Moore said he is much more in tune with the issues that matter to voters - and to the president.
Jones acknowledged Monday in Montgomery, "Look, I'm not going to be the senator that everybody in the state can agree with 100 percent of the time." But he added: "They'll know I'm somebody that will sit down with them. I will learn from them. ... I will try to be the public servant I think a U.S. senator ought to be."
Former professional basketball star Charles Barkley, speaking at a Jones rally Monday night, urged voters not to embarrass his home state by electing Moore. "I love Alabama, but at some point we've got to draw a line in the sand and say, 'We're not a bunch of damn idiots,'" Barkley said.
Following Barkley's remarks, Jones urged Alabama voters to say, "Enough is enough."
Voters seemed as divided as ever, including young Alabamians, some going to the polls for the first time.
Lillian Woolf, 18, a University of Alabama freshman, said she was disgusted that some people would vote for Moore despite the allegations by multiple women.
"It creeps me out," she said. "It shocks me just how much people are willing to ignore a person's past just because of their political stance."
But Joseph Chesnut, 20, a junior, said he will be voting for Moore, who "holds more Republican values ... just his Christianity standpoint and his Second Amendment standpoint and just, you know, trying to fight the establishment up there."
For Alabama Democrats, the special election is viewed as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation.
Many Republicans see the vote as an opportunity to ratify their conservative views - referred to by Moore as "Alabama values" - and protect Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections. But the sexual allegations have dented some of that support. Sen. Richard Shelby said "I think the Republican Party can do better," and he wrote in another Republican's name.
The two candidates have taken very different approaches to campaigning, with Jones holding events regularly and Moore popping up only occasionally in small churches, rallies or in interviews with friendly media.
In a morning stop at a diner in Birmingham, Jones accused Moore of disappearing during the campaign's closing days and claimed the Republican wasn't even in Alabama over the weekend.
"We're making sure our message is getting across while Roy Moore hides behind whoever he's hiding behind," said Jones.
Moore has made only a few public appearances since women came forward to accuse him of sexual misconduct years ago.
Moore, the former judge, has spent two decades advocating conservative Christian positions. Jones is a former federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in a 1963 church bombing.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
Democrats don't hold a single statewide office in Alabama, and both houses of the Legislature are controlled by the GOP.
___
Chandler reported from Midland City, Barrow from Birmingham. Associated Press writer Emily Wagster Pettus in Tuscaloosa contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Not long after the violence over Robert E. Lee's statue in Charlottesville, Virginia, Donald Trump went to great lengths to declare the beauty and importance of Confederate monuments strewn across the former slave holding states.
“Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments,” he tweeted. “…the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!”
At that time, we thought that the crocodile tears this bigot shed over the removal of memorials honoring traitors to the United States revealed just how despicable he is.
But now, this bottomless bag of disgusting embarrassment to our nation has revealed depths reaching a new low.
In the blink of an eye, Trump used the presidential pen to decimate two national parks that are not only of great importance to Native Americans but hold great value for the nation as a whole.
Bears Ears National Park was reduced in size by 84 percent and Grand Staircase-Escalante was reduced by 50 percent. Both monuments are in Utah.
It is not difficult to explain Trump's desire to save Confederate monuments while showing indifference to national monuments that are extremely important to Native Americans. Trump is a white supremacist. The statutes to rebel traitors were constructed by white supremacist to honor villains who fought to preserve slavery, while the two national parks that have been attacked by Trump were created to preserve the natural beauty of lands sacred to the original inhabitants of this land.
The current occupant of the White House has no qualms about erasing the histories and cultures of people of color.
There are those who argue in Trump's defense that destroying these two National monuments was best for the economic health of this country. But the reality is that economic considerations never stand in the way of creating and promoting false narratives to support white supremacy. History and culture are only required to give way to the economy when that history or that culture belongs to people of color.
It is no mystery why Trump can erase Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante National Parks so easily while decrying the removal of Confederate monuments. This is something that he believes is necessary “to make America white again;” something this president is determined to do.
UPU to FG: Hold talks with all geo-political zones
By Fredrick Okopie
National Publicity Secretary of Urhobo Progress Union, UPU, Mr. Duncan Eghweree, has charged the Federal Government to open talks not only with the South East Biafra agitators, but with the other five geopolitical groups in a bid to restructure the country for effective running to benefit all evenly.
According to him, “Every region has one complaint or another to contend with. Nobody can say the South-South people are celebrating the allocation of oil blocks to certain stakeholders at the expense of Urhobo people and neighbours whose natural resources are being ruined daily by the advent of oil exploration.
“We condemn that, as much as we condemn the call for the Igbo to vacate the North,” he said.
A reprisal attack of course will be expected, and these actions will be counter -productive. Just as the leadership of Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB were clamped into detention, we expect those forces behind the Arewa youths threat to evict Igbo from a part of the country should be arrested and prosecuted for treasonable felony as this will stern the spate of unilateral order for people to vacate any region in the country.”
Eghweree said that a call on Igbo to leave the northern states will invariably affect Urhobo people and their ethnic group currently living in the northern part of Nigeria, “An action that could spell doom for the country, because we will not close our eyes to see our people face such embarrassments that could make them to lose their investments in the north.”
The post UPU to FG: Hold talks with all geo-political zones appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Pope Francis in his New Year's greetings Sunday declared 2017 will be good to the degree that people do good and reject hatred, as he prayed for those courageously dealing with terrorism gripping the world in “fear and bewilderment.”
“The new year will be good in the measure in which each of us, with the help of God, tries to do good, day by day, that's how peace is created,” Francis told a crowd of 50,000 pilgrims, tourists and Romans gathered in St. Peter's Square for his noon blessing and New Year's Day remarks.
Francis advised people to “say no to hate and violence and yes to brotherhood and reconciliation.” The Roman Catholic church dedicates the first day of the year to the theme of peace.
He also told those standing in the bitingly cold air that the new year had already begun badly.
“Unfortunately, violence has struck even on this night of well-wishes and hope,” he said, referring to the attack on an Istanbul nightclub filled with New Year's revelers early Sunday that left 39 dead and dozens wounded.
“In sorrow, I express my closeness to the Turkish people, I pray for the numerous victims and wounded, and for all the nation in mourning,” Francis said.
He then prayed that God will sustain “all men of goodwill who courageously roll up their sleeves to deal with the plague of terrorism and this bloodstain which is gripping the world in a shadow of fear and bewilderment.”
Earlier, during his homily during New Year's Day Mass in St. Peter's Basilica, Francis lamented “narcissist hearts” in societies becoming “cold and calculating.”
“The loss of the ties that bind us, so typical of our fragmented and divided culture, increases this sense of orphanhood and, as a result, of great emptiness and loneliness. The lack of physical, and not virtual, contact is cauterizing our hearts and making us lose the capacity for tenderness and wonder, for pity and compassion,” Francis said.
Francis says humility and tenderness are signs of strength, not weakness.
Autopilot is a semi-autonomous technology that the company says is a form of advanced cruise control.
"Tesla has always been clear that Autopilot doesn't make the car impervious to all accidents," the company said in a statement after the accident and could not immediately confirm the driver's report that the vehicle was in Autopilot mode.
Several crashes and fire incidents involving Tesla vehicles this year has been a near constant headache for Chief Executive Elon Musk, who boasts that his company's vehicles are among the safest in the industry.
Earlier this month, the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) said it was sending a team to investigate the crash of a Tesla vehicle in South Jordan, Utah. The driver was traveling at 60 miles per hour when the Model S smashed into a fire truck stopped at a red light, according to police.
Police in Utah said data from Tesla showed that the driver enabled Autopilot about 1 minute and 22 seconds before the crash. The report said she took her hands off the steering wheel “within two seconds” of engaging the system and then did not touch the steering wheel for the next 80 seconds, until the crash happened.
NHTSA is also investigating a fatal crash in March that involved a Tesla Model X using Autopilot that struck a highway divider. The agency is also probing the January crash of a Tesla vehicle apparently traveling in Autopilot that struck a parked fire truck. Both of those incidents were also in California.
The National Transportation Safety Board is also probing four Tesla crashes that have occurred since last year, including three under review by NHTSA.
Tesla's Model S owner's manual warns some Autopilot functions "cannot detect all objects and may not brake/decelerate for stationary vehicles or objects especially when traveling over 50 mph (80 kph)" and when a vehicle ahead of the driver "moves out of your driving path and a stationary vehicle or object is in front of you."
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Passwords for individual online banking accounts sell on the dark web for an average of $160.15.
If that seems pricey, there's plenty of other personal information available for much less.
Getting in the front door of a person's Airbnb account will cost hackers about $7.87. Uber credentials are a bargain at $7. And if cybercriminals get hungry, they can get a GrubHub food delivery login for about $9.16.
Those are the going rates compiled across three popular dark web marketplaces by Top10VPN, an online security and privacy education company.
"What really struck me [is] how everything has a value on the dark web," said Simon Migliano, head of research and operations at Top10VPN. "It brought home how opportunistic this really is."
Related Criminals make student data public in escalating demands for ransom
The average person has at least a dozen online accounts, ranging from email and Facebook to online shopping, food delivery and banking. Add up all of those accounts and the typical internet user's identity is worth about $1,200 to hackers, according to Migliano's calculations.
Nicolas Christin, an associate research professor in computer science and engineering at Carnegie Mellon, who is not affiliated with the research, told NBC News that the prices appear to be similar to what he's seen for sale on the dark web.
"Unfortunately, they don't tell us much: We don't know if people are actually buying these items. We don't know anything about the quality of the items in question," he wrote in an email.
On the dark web, Migliano described a system that could be likened to eBay or Craigslist, but for criminals. His team used automated and manual data collection during the week of Feb. 5 to build their index, which focuses on listings for American and British accounts.
The research focuses on three of the most popular places offering sensitive information on the dark web: Dream, Point and Wall Street Market. These platforms aren't accessible to the average internet user and don't show up in search engines. They often require particular software or special access, and hide users' identities — making them perfect for marketplaces that traffic in personal data, drugs and child pornography.
While a criminal wouldn't know for certain if the credentials they were buying actually worked or would lead to something of more value, Migliano said the covert online marketplaces are set up like any other online buying platform.
Sellers usually have ratings and reviews, so "as a would-be fraudster, you would want to be buying from a highly rated seller," Migliano said.
After criminals get the credentials to a person's account, whether it's their email or online shopping account, Migliano said they will then snoop around, hoping to find more clues that could allow them to take over their target's identity.
"The problem is, people usually reuse their passwords," he said.
Here's why that's bad: If a hacker has access to a person's online dating account, they could then try that password on their target's email or banking accounts, opening the door to wider identity theft.
“Our research is a stark reminder of just how easy it is to get hold of personal info on the dark web and the sheer variety of routes that fraudsters can take to get hold of your money," Migliano said.
While the idea of cybercriminals forking over a few bucks to weasel their way into a person's online accounts sounds scary, there are a couple simple cybersecurity practices that can keep everyone safe.
Robert Siciliano, a security analyst with digital security firm Hotspot Shield, said it is important to use unique passwords for each account and to change them regularly. Two-factor authentication, where a code is sent to a phone and then used to log in, can also keep users safe.
“Because billions of passwords are in circulation it is essential that consumers do not reuse passwords,” Siciliano said. Because on the dark web, "every aspect of personal identifying information is up for grabs."
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Manoj Gupta is the VP of System Integrators at Nutanix and Robert Mowles is Accenture's Global Storage Strategy Lead.
IT is expanding at a rapid pace as enterprises begin to modernize applications and transform their core business for the digital era. No longer can companies simply rely on past IT practices and infrastructures to accommodate the new wave of digital industrialization required to stay competitive. There have only been a handful of companies that have consistently and successfully helped organizations disrupt their industry and reinvent themselves. Accenture has led this list.
This is why Nutanix and Accenture are excited to announce we have expanded our alliance and reseller partnership to help global organizations and businesses accelerate their digital transformation efforts. Through this partnership, Nutanix and Accenture will partner globally to jointly go-to-market as well as co-invest in joint solutions for customers.
As Nutanix President, Sudheesh Nair has said, “Global customers recognize the need for better approaches to IT. Nutanix is committed to help these customers create the rich ecosystem necessary for digital transformation. By partnering with global systems integrators such as Accenture, customers receive a broader range of solutions and benefit from our innovative enterprise cloud technology.”
Read the entire article here, Nutanix and Accenture Join Forces to Help Global Companies with Digital Transformation and Application Modernization
Via the fine folks at Nutanix.
U.S. builders broke ground on fewer homes in March, but the pace of construction so far this year remains stronger than in 2016.
The Commerce Department says housing starts fell 6.8 percent last month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.22 million. The setback came after strong gains in a warmer-than-usual February. Groundbreakings on new homes are 8.1 percent higher through the first three months of this year compared with 2016.
More Americans are seeking new homes as job security has improved with low unemployment. Rising housing starts suggest higher sales, but the construction has not overcome a dwindling supply of new and existing homes.
Building permits — an indicator of future home construction — rose 3.6 percent in March to an annual rate of 1.26 million.
Money is essential for getting a business off the ground; finding someone to believe in the company's vision can be the best bet when it comes to looking for an investor. While angel investors are frequently attracted to entrepreneurs or smaller startups, convincing a potential investor at the right time with the right pitch can be difficult, says MSNBC Your Business' JJ Ramberg.
Investors get bombarded with pitches, so it may be helpful to find someone you know to provide an introduction. This is where traditional networking or utilizing LinkedIn tools can be helpful. Once you begin, one introduction can lead to another, widening your realm of possibilities.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Work Smart: How to find the right investor 1:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Next, recognize that every investor and their interests are different. Before you send a pitch for funding, research the person you're reaching out to. Focus on what kind of companies they're involved in, or what founder they might support. You'll be able to tailor your presentation even better with the extra information you have on hand.
It's also important to remember that investors put their money with people and personalities, not just ideas. If you're able to convey what you bring to the table as both a person and a business owner, they might be able to envision working more closely with you.
Finally, be patient. Raising money can take longer than you expect! Start building relationships early to ensure you'll have enough money to support your company when you need it.
For more tips like these, check out MSNBC's Your Business Facebook page, or tune in to MSNBC at 7:30 a.m. ET on Saturdays and Sundays.
HUBER HEIGHTS — Weisenborn Junior High is receiving national recognition by being named a Project Lead the Way (PLTW) Distinguished School for its STEM and career learning program. Weisenborn is one of just 110 middle schools across the nation to receive this honor. PLTW is a nonprofit organization that serves millions of K-12 students and teachers in more than 10,500 schools across the U.S.
In order to be eligible for the designation, Weisenborn had to offer at least one PLTW Gateway unit at each grade level, have more than 50 percent of the student body participate during the 2016-17 school year, and have 25 percent of students advancing to high school participate in two or more units.
The recognition honors schools committed to increasing student access, engagement, and achievement in their PLTW programs. PLTW empowers students to develop in-demand, transportable knowledge and skills through pathways in computer science, engineering, and biomedical science.
According to the three teachers instructing PLTW courses at Weisenborn, the program has been transformative in how students analyze and solve problems. For starters, PLTW takes a drastically different approach to learning in the classroom.
“All of our classes are project-based, very much work at your own pace so if you need more time to do something, you have more time,” said Shannon Ross-Davis, the PLTW engineering teacher at Weisenborn. “It's hands-on – they are active from the time they come in till they leave.”
This significant departure from traditional learning can be difficult for students at first.
“It's a real struggle for some of those kids,” said Computer Science teacher Lori Strong. “In the beginning, at least, they don't like to have to think for themselves. They don't like to have to just solve it. They want you to tell them how to solve it.”
Despite the early learning curve, some students develop a real passion for their PLTW studies.
“I've had students in the past miss it so much they ask if they can leave study hall to come back in and just teach themselves how to do things,” says Ross-Davis.
Another plus to the PLTW program is how it complements and builds upon the current curriculum at Weisenborn. Angie McNerney teaches biomedical PLTW courses at Weisenborn and she sees how her classes help students become better scientists.
“In the science department they don't have a chance and they don't have the time to dissect, so we get to dissect and do something they never get to do, said McNerney. “We get to take what they're learning and then expand on it in a whole other way.”
Strong concurs.
“I think it's very helpful to their other classes as it helps them become better problem solvers and it makes them more persistent at finishing something instead of just giving up,” she said.
The benefits don't end there. McNerney says students having the freedom to choose their own courses are part of the reason why PLTW resonates so well with them. “Mine is medical so if they like the medical side, they would like that; if they liked the computer side, they have that choice. [Ross-Davis'] program introduces engineering to the kids because a lot of the time they don't know what it even is or what it offers,” she said.
On top of that, McNerney points out that PLTW is constantly updating its curriculum, something not usually seen in other areas of education. She says the curriculum updates, “month by month, they'll change and tweak the lesson. They'll also see something was in the news and then add it to your curriculum.”
Huber Heights City Schools (HHCS) superintendent Sue Gunnell saw the need for a quality STEM program in the district and made a concerted effort to make it happen.
“Wayne High School currently has nationally recognized programs in the areas of pre-engineering, biomedical sciences, and computer science,” Gunnell said. “In order to strengthen those programs, I thought it was important we provided students beginning in the seventh grade the opportunity to experience those programs.”
Ultimately, the three teachers can see PLTW being the launching point for students utilizing useful STEM skills while pursing any kind of career. Strong says the computer science track prepares students for computer science and programming fields, while McNerney says her classes prime students for a wide variety of biomedical careers ranging anywhere from being an athletic trainer to any kind of work in a police academy.
Ross-Davis on the other hand has seen students have ‘aha' moments while taking her classes.
“It's the perfect combination for those kids who think that they're not good at science and math, but they're really good at design and art and they start to realize. ‘Hey, I could make a career out of doing this,'” she said.
At the end of the day, PLTW is all about helping students learn valuable STEM skills they can use in any career path. Ross-Davis says students rise to the occasion to successfully meet the challenges of her PLTW classes.
“We teach every kind of kid and it's always just us in the room and they can always find a way to be successful. I never have a kid, and I teach every kid in the seventh grade, not leave my class and not be successful,” she said.
Allison Arnett and other students work on a problem as part of Weisenborn Junior High School's nationally recognized STEM and career learning program. http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/03/web1_AllisonArnett-1.jpg Allison Arnett and other students work on a problem as part of Weisenborn Junior High School's nationally recognized STEM and career learning program. HHCS Photo http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/03/web1_DemetriusHatcher-1.jpg HHCS Photo Weisenborn Junior High School teachers Shannon Ross-Davis, Angie McNerney, and Lori Strong helped the school be named a Project Lead the Way Distinguished School for its STEM and career learning program. http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/03/web1_PLTW-1.jpg Weisenborn Junior High School teachers Shannon Ross-Davis, Angie McNerney, and Lori Strong helped the school be named a Project Lead the Way Distinguished School for its STEM and career learning program. HHCS Photo
By Darrell Wacker dwacker@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Darrell Wacker at (937) 684-8983 or on Twitter @HH_Courier.
Reach Darrell Wacker at (937) 684-8983 or on Twitter @HH_Courier.
Google Cloud Next '18 is coming! Mark your calendars for July 24-27, 2018 at Moscone Center in San Francisco.
Google Cloud Next is where customers, partners, developers, influencers and the greater global cloud community get inspired and learn. Together, we're working to make the cloud useful and accessible to everyone.
Dive deep into Google Cloud technology through hundreds of breakout sessions, code labs, demos and hands-on training, covering everything from infrastructure to devices, and security to machine learning. You'll get the chance to connect with the entire Google Cloud team, including our engineers, product leadership, developer advocates and more to unlock new opportunities for your business.
At Next '17, more than 250 Google speakers and 70+ customer speakers presented at 200 breakout sessions. We made 100 announcements at Next '17, and we're gearing up for more big news next year. Next '18 will feature tracks that encompass all aspects of our Google Cloud portfolio: application development, containerization, collaboration & productivity, data & analytics, infrastructure & operations, hybrid cloud, machine learning & artificial intelligence, maps, security, mobility & devices and much more. Be on the lookout for information on how to register coming in March 2018.
Read the entire article here, Announcing Google Cloud Next 2018
Via the fine folks at Google Cloud.
Oxford's McDonald's is one of around 1,000 locations in the country that will offer Szechuan Sauce tomorrow with its new chicken tenders — a long-awaited return for fans of the TV show, “Rick and Morty.”
The sauce first appeared in McDonald's restaurants in 1998, in connection with the release of Disney's “Mulan.” It disappeared after that year, but a joke in “Rick and Morty's” season three premiere prompted a widespread social media campaign for its return.
According to a press release, McDonald's now plans to deliver to their “most obsauced fans.” Customers who order the new Buttermilk Crispy Tenders will receive the sauce and will also potentially score a poster featuring the returning condiment.
McDonald's will start serving Szechuan Sauce starting at 2 p.m. on Oct. 7, while supplies last, according to the release. The chain has not officially acknowledged the cartoon connection, but show creator Dan Harmon thinks it's hard to ignore.
“Look at that art, look at the font,” Harmon told Polygon. “Look I'm not being sarcastic when I talk about this. If anyone from McDonald's is reading this, I don't see anything wrong with what they're doing and clearly neither does their legal department.”
Harmon said the situation is “hysterical,” as the reference in the show was simply to tease co-creator Justin Roiland's affinity for Szechuan Sauce. Following the episode's airing, McDonald's gifted Roiland (and three other fans) a jug of the beloved 1990s condiment.
If your family is sick of Fiesta Charra and Kona Bistro, or if you're not the only “Rick and Morty” fan among them, you can fuel up for the football or hockey games at McDonald's tomorrow.
daviskn3@miamioh.edu
@kirbdavis
Comments
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
New Music: Shatta Wale: All Eyes On Me
Hot on the heels of his track “419,” Ghanaian dancehall act Shatta Wale has come out with another track for all his fans.
This new one is titled “All Eyes On Me,” and it's produced by Shawers Ebiem.
Listen to the track below:
https://www.bellanaija.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Shatta-Wale-â-All-Eyes-On-Me-Prod.-Shawers-Ebiem.mp3
The post New Music: Shatta Wale: All Eyes On Me appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SAN DIEGO — Authorities in southern California say at least two people are dead after a small plane crashed into a home in San Diego.
Local news media report the plane crashed into the house in San Diego's Clairemont neighbourhood about 4:40 p.m. Saturday.
The single-engine, six-seat Beech BE36 Bonanza had taken off from Montgomery Field about a half mile away.
The San Diego Union-Tribune reports the pilot and a passenger were taken to a hospital with burns, and two passengers died at the scene.
The paper reports the pilot apparently tried to land in a field behind the house. The plane skidded through a fence and crashed into the back of a home, sparking a fire.
The occupants of the house were not home, but neighbours said their small dog died.
AUSTIN, Texas — A spokesman says former U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge expects to leave a Texas medical facility in time to be home in Maryland for Christmas.
Ridge suffered a heart attack on Nov. 16 while attending a Republican Governors Association conference in Austin, Texas. He's been recovering at a local rehabilitation centre.
The 72-year-old Republican served two terms as Pennsylvania's governor, from 1995 to 2001. He was the first homeland security secretary, serving under President George W. Bush until 2005.
Ridge's spokesman, Steve Aaron, also said Sunday that Ridge's hospitalization won't affect his security firm's contract with the Transport Workers Union of America to review airplane maintenance outsourcing to overseas companies.
Aaron says Ridge will be involved but that the work is being handled by a team at his firm.
The Trump administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets, and how much to charge.
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for President Trump to decide whether he will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act but that some Republicans have opposed.
The payments — known as cost-sharing reduction payments — reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they're required by law to offer to low-income customers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $7 billion.
Trump has said he may end the reimbursements, which he calls "bailouts," and has been leaving insurers to wonder month to month about whether they will receive a check.
A White House spokesman says Trump is "working with his staff and his Cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments."
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it is offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments. In a memo Friday, the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they won't be reimbursed.
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments, their rates will see double-digit increases. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent.
And Marc Harrison, CEO of Intermountain Healthcare, which covers 173,000 people in Idaho and Utah, says premium increases could be "astonishing."
Still, he says, his company will stick with the Obamacare markets. "These are our patients. We're not going anywhere. We're going to keep trying to figure this out."
The HHS memo says "there have been no changes regarding HHS's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers."
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments.
The changes are technical and complex, but Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University's law school, says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion.
"We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind," he says.
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office.
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Barack Obama, saying the payments were illegal because Congress hadn't appropriated money for them. A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal.
Now that Trump is in the White House, and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed, many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets.
AUSTIN, Texas — The series of bombings this month in the Texas capital city of Austin has generated a vast response by state and federal law enforcement agencies that are sifting through hundreds of tips to find what Austin police Chief Brian Manley has described as a serial bomber.
Here's a look at the investigation so far, by the numbers:
— 2, 4: Number of people killed and the number wounded. The first explosion occurred March 2, killing a 39-year-old man. A 17-year-old boy was killed and two women were injured in two separate blasts on March 12. The latest happened Sunday, injuring 22- and 23-year-old men.
— 500: The number of leads that have been closed since the bombings began, according to Fred Milanowski, special agent in charge of the Houston division of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
— $115,000: Amount of reward being offered for a tip leading to a conviction.
— 350: Number of FBI agents currently involved in the investigation, according to FBI Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs. Hundreds of other law enforcement personnel also are involved, including those with Austin police and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
— 240: Approximate number of interviews conducted with witnesses, people calling in tips and others since the first explosion.
— 600: Calls that Austin police have responded to for suspicious packages since the second and third blasts happened March 12.
Miller and her daughter, who leads the northern Virginia chapter of Students Demand Action, an anti-gun violence group, began looking into potential school safety measures after the Parkland shooting and mapped out an escape plan at T.C. Williams in case of an active shooter.
“We've talked about how she'll get out,” Miller said, adding that she's advised her daughter to jump from a window if necessary. “As soon as you hear the shots, even if it means both your legs will be broken, even if they'll be shattered, jump!”
The Millers' fears have continued to grow amid the recent wave of deadly school shootings, including the Santa Fe, Texas, high school attack on May 18 that killed eight students and two teachers, and the shooting at Noblesville West Middle School in Noblesville, Indiana, a week later that left two people wounded.
Who's to say that my school is safe? Who's to say that my school is safe?
Across the country, some students and parents report a pervasive sense of anxiety set off by the growing death toll and the recurring TV footage of students walking out of school with their hands up. Even though most of America's students are not in danger on any given day, teachers and experts say it's difficult to reassure them that the violence they've watched unfold in other towns won't happen in their town — because it could.
“Who's to say that my school is safe?” asked Aisa Radoncic, a senior at Edward R. Murrow High School in New York.
Radoncic, like many students who spoke to NBC News, said she believes a more open dialogue about the potential dangers and students' fears would be helpful.
“There should be a platform in school to encourage students to talk about this,” she said, “rather than ignore the anxiety.”
Yasmine Dardari, a sophomore at Al Ihsan School of Excellence, an Islamic private and charter school in Cleveland, agreed.
“I haven't really had a discussion with anyone about what I should be looking out for or what I should do to prevent mass shootings,” she said, adding that knowing how to help would ease her mind.
There is no recent research on the psychological impact of mass shootings on children who watch them on the news or social media, said Heidi Zinzow, an associate professor of psychology at Clemson. But studies show “people with a prior history of trauma or victimization are more vulnerable to developing psychological symptoms,” like post-traumatic stress, she said.
Therapists say they've found that it's common for children and parents to experience increased anxiety when school shootings occur, even if they're far away.
“Constantly watching events of mass shootings on the news pulls your mind into a loop,” said Melissa Dumaz, a licensed marriage and family therapist in Torrance, California. “You're replaying the scenes over and over again, and not giving your emotions a chance to rest.”
She added, “Students may be scared to go to school … and ask a lot of ‘why' questions, or lose a sense of safety and security and develop hyper-vigilance.”
At Oak Lawn Community High School in Oak Lawn, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, teachers make a point of speaking openly about gun violence. After the National School Walkout in March, in which students across the country streamed out of class to observe a moment of silence for the victims of the Parkland shooting, Oak Lawn's leaders decided it was important to start more conversations about the issue.
Students listen to Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., discuss gun violence at Oak Lawn Community High School near Chicago. Jennifer Wargin
The school hosted town hall meetings and letter-writing campaigns. After one student wrote to Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., about school safety and gun laws, Durbin came to the school this month to speak with students.
“We have had some productive conversations about making their voices heard,” said Jeana Lietz, Oak Lawn's principal. “Students have been emailing and stopping us to talk about their concerns.”
Protests and other advocacy work can be therapeutic for people experiencing distress, said Melissa Brymer, director of terrorism and disaster programs at the UCLA-Duke National Center for Child Traumatic Stress. She added that it's also important for students to have access to counseling and other mental health services in school.
While not all schools hold discussions about gun violence, nearly all hold lockdown drills, in which students clear the halls, hunker down in classrooms and are told to remain silent. These drills began after the Columbine school shooting in Colorado in 1999, and today about 95 percent of public schools run them, according to the National Center for Education Statistics.
The drills can save lives, but they also can contribute to students' fears, particularly when they are unannounced. Brymer recommends that parents and teachers receive advance warning of drills, so they can prepare particularly anxious children.
“There's a difference between training and scaring,” said Greg Crane, founder of ALICE, a company that trains thousands of police departments and schools on how to respond to shooters. “If you're scaring people, you're not training them.”
At her high school in Virginia, Hannah Miller has taken her own precautions: After Parkland, she began carrying a rubber door wedge in her backpack at all times — to be used to keep a classroom door firmly closed during a shooting, she said.
“Even if the gunman shoots through the lock on the door, they can't push it open,” she said.
“Having them makes me feel safer,” she added, “but not safe.”
But that remarkable time may have been less about the shoes than the race conditions.
Dr. Michael Joyner, a Mayo Clinic researcher who predicted that a sub-two hour marathon might be physiologically possible back in 1991, notes that Kipchoge had help from a team of 30 pacemakers, who helped break the wind. What's more, the course had no sharp turns, and Kipchoge didn't have to slow to grab drinks because they were handed to him by a cyclist.
“He might have got a marginal gain from the shoes, but is somebody going to buy them and suddenly magically run 4 percent faster in a real race?” Joyner asks. “Unlikely.”
A runner's ability and fitness level — as well as conditions on the course — are of paramount importance. And Joyner, who was not involved in the Colorado research, says that while it makes sense that the plate could give the foot more “recoil” when it touches the ground, it's unclear just how much of a benefit this or any other shoe might provide.
But Joyner does believe the first sub-two-hour marathon could be coming soon — probably in a special exhibition like the one Nike mounted earlier this year. Adidas says it may hold its own “Sub2”event in 2018 or 2019, and Nike has hinted that it may organize another event aimed at breaking the two-hour barrier.
As for the first official sub-two-hour marathon — run without aids and sanctioned by the International Association of Athletics Federations — Joyner thinks that will come by 2030. As he puts it, “Everything needs to go perfectly for the right runner on the right course on the right day.”
Tester said about the prescription drugs that "most of them are the ones that make you want to sleep, and make you wake up." He said the information was provided to him by "20 military folks and retired military folks."
"These were doled out on overseas trips where there are a lot of time-zone changes, and were pretty much doled out as somebody wants to go to sleep, here's a pill," he said, noting that there were no allegations of opioid abuse.
Regarding the allegations of Jackson's drinking on the job, Tester said, "It was on travel, and he is the physician for the president and in the previous administration we were told stories where he was repeatedly drunk while on duty where his main job was to take care of the most powerful man in the world. That's not acceptable."
The White House on Tuesday night strongly defended Jackson.
"Dr. Jackson's record as a White House physician is impeccable," a senior White House official said. "He has improved unit morale, received glowing reviews and promotions under Republican and Democrat presidents, and has been given a clean vet from the FBI."
A 2012 watchdog report ordered up by Jackson found that both he and a rival physician KUHLMAN? exhibited "unprofessional behaviors" as they engaged in a power struggle over the White House medical unit, according to The Associated Press, which reviewed the six-page report.
The report suggested that the White House consider replacing Jackson or Dr. Jeffrey Kuhlman, or both. Kuhlman was the physician to President Barack Obama at the time.
The report said staff members described the working environment as "being caught between parents going through a bitter divorce."
It put most of the blame on Kuhlman; Jackson was given Kuhlman's post, in addition to running the medical unit, in 2013.
"(M)ost feel that CAPT Jackson's failures were primarily due to the destructive rapport with CAPT Kuhlman and that he has not had the opportunity to lead the WHMU without hindrance or support," according to an excerpt of the inspector general report obtained by NBC News.
At a joint news conference Tuesday with French President Emmanuel Macron, Trump opened the door for Jackson to withdraw his nomination. But it's not clear Jackson will decide to leave.
One administration source said Jackson, who feels the allegations against him are false, has expressed interest in airing it all out at a hearing rather than stepping aside. The expectation is Jackson will make a decision "very soon" — in a matter of days, not weeks.
Two sources told NBC News that prior internal White House reviews found nothing out of the ordinary.
Trump said he had not heard the "particular allegations" against Jackson, calling the Navy doctor a "great leader" and "one of the finest people I've ever met."
Trump said he had told Jackson that the position was not worth the harsh scrutiny he was currently experiencing.
"I told Admiral Jackson just a little while ago, I said, 'What do you need this for?'" said Trump, who met with Jackson earlier in the day in the Oval Office. "This is a vicious group of people that malign, and they do, and I lived through it, we all live through it. You people are getting record ratings because of it, so congratulations. But I said, what do you need it for?"
With Microsoft Edge you can go directly from a mobile device to a Windows 10 PC without skipping a beat.
This video is from the fine folks at Microsoft.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A construction engineer is now facing six charges of sexual assault in relation to a series of alleged offences committed against women and girls at rush hour across south London.
On Tuesday, January 30, Kevin Bond, 51, of Inglehurst Way, Chislehurst, was charged with two counts of sexual assault, and appeared at Bromley Magistrates' Court the following day.
On Saturday (February 3) he was charged with a further four counts of sexual assault.
The attacks are all alleged to have taken place during the morning or evening rush hours.
Bond will appear in custody at Bromley Magistrates' Court on Saturday morning.
By Josh Folck | For lehighvalleylive.com
Palmerton football team might not have that many players on its roster this season.
But Blue Bombers senior linebacker Luke Yaindl isn't worried.
"I believe one of our biggest strength is the camaraderie we share as a whole. We only have 32 players on the team, but every one of those kids has a fighting spirit and we all have trust in one another, which is a big factor in achieving the goal of winning," Yaindl said.
Palmerton will also need to find a way to do without former quarterback Garrett Perschy and Mike Stasko, who graduated after years of production for the Blue Bombers.
"I don't think it will be easy to replace them," Yaindl said. "Mike and Garrett were some of the bests at their positions going through Palmerton, but we have a new quarterback and athletes to fill in the positions of Mike and that whole senior class. Our team will be able to overcome this challenge, what is in the past is over with and we have to look forward with the great players we have, not the ones we lost."
By JACK WEATHERLY
It's evidently a first in the Delta Council's 83 years.
The identity of the keynote speaker at its annual meeting on Friday in the Bologna Performing Arts Center of Delta State University will not be revealed in advance.
The program only lists a Trump administration official.
The Trump administration requested that the person's name not be told beforehand.
Chip Morgan, executive vice president of the council, which represents the Delta in agricultural and other economic matters, is complying with the request.
The White House “just told us that our keynote gets protection about anywhere he goes,” Morgan said in an interview.
Morgan said council members know the identity but made the commitment.
Such was not the case last year as another Trump administration official, Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue, was the featured speaker.
Morgan's long career at the council will come to a close at the end of the year. He has been in his current position for 39 years, and with the council for 44 years.
Frank Howell, who has been with the council for 23 years and is the former director of the economic development department, will succeed Morgan.
Morgan said that one of the highlights during the nearly 50 years he has been employed by the council is the state four-lane highway system, approved and funded by the Legislature in 1987, which he said put a four-lane highway no more than 30 minutes away anywhere in the state.
Roads and bridges are still a priority, and the council has taken its position on that.
The council favors increasing the gasoline and diesel tax to raise the money for the state's roads and bridges. He said that tax is in effect a “dedicated” fund and cannot be used for any other purpose.
“For 22 years, we had one of the top 5 highway programs in the United States after that program was passed.”
“Unfortunately, we've passed up some opportunities to reinvigorate roads and bridges. We've got more wooden bridges than any state in the nation.”
The Mississippi Economic Council, which is the state chamber of commerce, has maintained that the state needs $375 million a year to improve and maintain roads and bridges.
The program on Friday begins at 10:30 with opening remarks by George King, president of the council, recognition of the “Good Middling” lady, as part of Wear Cotton effort, high school honors graduates and introduction of the next slate of council officers.
Gov. Phil Bryant will introduce the keynote speaker. Following the meeting, the catfish luncheon will be held on the quadrangle lawn.
The right-hander gave up one run on two hits in the brief start against Richmond. He also struck out three and walked one. The Orioles wanted to have Tillman go three innings or 45 pitches, whichever came first, so Bowie manager Gary Kendall pulled him after the second out of the third when his pitch count reached 42.
“I felt pretty good, pretty good,” Tillman said. “I feel like it's going well. It's just tough getting loose, but other than that, once I'm loose, I'm good to go.”
Tillman said he felt off a bit with his timing at times, but he is working on getting back into the flow of things. He threw everything in his pitch arsenal and got up into the low 90s several times with his fastball.
“I felt pretty good throughout,” Tillman said. “I feel like the first inning was probably my best inning. You just want to go out and make pitches.”
Tillman isn't sure of all the details of what comes next in his rehab, but he said his pitch count might be in the mid-50s in his next outing. The right-hander thinks that might be Saturday, and some early guesses are that it could come with Class A Advanced Frederick.
The Orioles have been hoping to get Tillman back into the Major League rotation in early May.
Tillman threw 15 pitches, 12 strikes, in the first inning, giving up his lone run of the night on a one-out solo homer to Richmond's Carlos Garcia.
Tillman has been with the Baysox before, back in 2008. He made 28 starts for Bowie, posting a 3.18 ERA and an 11-4 record in his first full season with the organization. He was acquired in a trade with the Mariners that saw the O's also receive center fielder Adam Jones.
CARROLL COUNTY, KY (WAVE) - A Carroll County man is dead after being shot while trying to break into a home Tuesday morning.
The incident happened in the Sycamore Trace subdivision on Sycamore Circle.
The Carroll County Sheriff's Office confirms Shaun Corley, 37, was at a residence going through the garbage. The homeowner went outside to check on his property and Corley left. Police say Corley came back around 5:50 A.M. and tried to enter the residence, while armed with a knife. The property owner fired his gun one time, striking Corley in the chest.
The Carroll County Coroner confirmed Corley died around an hour later.
No one inside the home was hurt.
The shooting being ruled as a death investigation, the coroner and police confirmed.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Jury selection begins for 2 men accused in Marine's death
+ Bomb squad called after suspicious container is found in Oldham Co.
+ Kentucky dismisses safety Walker following drug arrest
Once the investigation is complete, the case will be reviewed by the Commonwealth Attorney. Police say no charges are expected to be filed and the Castle Law will most likely be a factor in the case.
Toxicology results on Corley are still pending.
The investigation is ongoing.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Chopping through the overgrowth with machetes to clear a way through terrain, William Belcher's students know there's American history beneath dirt that's settled for seven decades.
The land is stained.
"When I was in elementary school I never even heard that this had occurred. We never studied this in history or talked about it," Belcher, an archaeology professor at the University of Hawaiʻi - West Oʻahu, told NBC News.
Four decades out of elementary school, that's changed.
William Belcher and UH West O?ahu archaeology students excavating at the World War II Honouliuli Internment and POW Camp on June 24, 2016. Courtesy of University of Hawai'i - West O'ahu
Belcher, now in his 50s, does archaeological work on the site of the Honouliuli National Monument, the site of an incarceration camp where some of Hawaii's Japanese-American residents were held during World War II.
Seventy-five years after President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 and set in motion the incarceration of 120,000 Japanese Americans, Belcher's archaeology students have been cutting through grass and bushes, getting dirt on their hands, and laboring atop soil that veils history where Hawaii's largest incarceration camp stood.
Their work at the site, which was designated a national monument by then-President Barack Obama in 2015, is part of an effort to preserve it and map its features.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Former Internment Camp Among Three New National Monuments 0:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"It's interesting to watch the students all of a sudden get a personal connection to this piece of land. It's just part of the landscape of UH-West Oʻahu — just up the hill from the campus," Belcher said.
For now, the field school students are among the few who can set foot there. Rebecca Rinas, a planner for National Park Service, told NBC News it could be many years before Honouliuli is open to visitors. Funding isn't guaranteed and the two-year-old national monument is still landlocked by private land.
There are no public roads in or out of the site, Rinas said of the gulch in central Oahu that receives little airflow. Those conditions, Belcher noted, have made working on the site a challenge.
"The gulch gets to about 90 degrees — in excess of 90 degrees most of the time when we were there," Belcher said. "The basic technology is to walk in a systematic fashion across the entire landscape."
But the grass gets in the way.
The grass at the Honouliuli site is "very thick and very heavy and you're trying to see what's on the ground. Your visibility is very low. It's very difficult to do," William Belcher said, adding that the group spends a lot of time clearing the area with machetes. Courtesy of University of Hawai'i - West O'ahu
"It's very thick and very heavy and you're trying to see what's on the ground. Your visibility is very low. It's very difficult to do," he said, adding that the group spends a lot of time clearing the area with machetes.
Belcher said students also mapped roads, fence lines, concrete structures, and rocks with handheld GPS units.
“ It's interesting to watch the students all of a sudden get a personal connection to this piece of land. It's just part of the landscape of UH -West Oʻahu — just up the hill from the campus.”
Buried in the dirt are concrete slabs, one of which stands a meter below the surface. Belcher, who's led about a dozen students over the last two summers into the gulch, said the slabs were foundations for buildings.
UH-West Oʻahu anthropology student Tracy Dixon was one of the 16 who worked the site over the past summer for credit. He said the group started excavating to look for a slab which was believed to be where a mess hall stood.
"Everybody who worked and was in that field school had a great time, bonded doing the hard work, and had an amazing experience," Dixon told NBC News. He said that the group did locate a corner of the slab they were looking for after digging deep.
Of the more than a dozen sites designated as incarceration camps and detention facilities in the U.S., Honouliuli was built for "prolonged detention." It detained local Japanese leaders and businessmen, clergymen, and those with influence. (In addition to serving as an incarceration camp for Japanese Americans, several thousand prisoners of war, including Italians and Koreans, were also detained — even after the war ended.)
RELATED: The Untold Story: Japanese-Americans' WWII Internment in Hawaii
According to Belcher, unlike on the West Coast, territorial Hawaii's Japanese weren't kept in total exclusion. Forty percent of Hawaii was Japanese. Many were immigrants who crossed the Pacific Ocean on ships to work on plantations.
"Hawaii had a plantation economy that would've collapsed. It was dependent on the Japanese culture," Belcher said. "They only interred a small percentage of the people on the island."
In fact, before it became the site of Hawaii's longest-operating incarceration camp, Honouliuli was plantation land.
"With that came a lot of importation of labor which increased the ethnic diversity and changed the landscape into intense agriculture," Belcher said.
Reaching further back in time, archaeologists can examine ancient Hawaiian sustainability. Belcher said he's interested in the gulch's place in the ahupua'a system. After the buildings were demolished in 1946, the site was used for ranching. Belcher explained that digs have uncovered horse bones from the 1950s through mid-2000s.
Planning is underway for Honouliuli NM, site of Hawaii's largest WWII internment camp. https://t.co/1cTqRPABNb pic.twitter.com/XTmZsAEhMc — WWIIValorNPS (@WWIIValorNPS) February 17, 2016
Along with connecting the dots of the site's past, Belcher also said that he sees parallels in the Honouliuli site to today's post-9/11 policies.
"Many saw that as an erosion of constitutional rights," Belcher said. "Taking the other and picking that person as the enemy even if they're productive American citizens."
For Dixon, the student who worked the site over the summer, the monument is about an important time in American history. He said he plans to enroll again next summer.
"It was a very worthwhile project," he said.
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
MONTGOMERY, Ala. — The Latest on the U.S. Senate election in Alabama.(all times local):
8:40 p.m.
Two prominent Alabama-based musical acts are helping Democrat Doug Jones get out the vote for Tuesday's U.S. Senate election against Republican Roy Moore.
Singer Jason Isbell performed a free show for Jones' campaign in Huntsville Saturday night, and two members of St. Paul & the Broken Bones did a show in Birmingham.
Jones took the stage during the Birmingham show, telling the crowd: “Now is the time to make the winds of change blow through Alabama.” Jones said Moore is divisive and would be a “disaster” for Alabama businesses.
Former Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick joined Jones on stage, saying the Alabama race is important to the whole nation.
Isbell played in a mid-sized music hall, while lead singer Paul Janeway and a bandmate from St. Paul & the Broken Bones performed at Birmingham's city auditorium. The hall seats 6,000 people for shows, but only the floor was full.
7:12 p.m.
President Donald Trump has recorded automated phone messages urging support for Republican Roy Moore in the Alabama Senate race.
White House spokesman Raj Shah said Saturday that Trump has recorded the phone message on Moore's behalf. Moore's campaign said the calls will go out to households Monday, a day ahead of the U.S. Senate election.
Moore is locked in a heated contest with Democrat Doug Jones for the seat that previously belonged to Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Trump urged Alabamians to vote for Moore during a Friday-night rally in neighbouring Florida.
Trump had done similar calls for incumbent Sen. Luther Strange who lost to Moore in the GOP primary.
——
6:20 p.m.
New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker urged Alabamians to get out and vote for Democrat Doug Jones, saying “bad people get elected when good people don't vote.”
Booker, one of two African-Americans in the US Senate, made a series of Saturday stops for Jones, including a rally on the campus of Alabama State University.
Booker, who has roots in Alabama, urged people to help defeat Republican Roy Moore, saying Moore's “divisiveness” does not reflect the Alabama he loves.
Booker said Jones will fight for working families, health care and knows that the job of senator Involves “representing all of the people.”
Moore was twice removed as state Chief Justice, the last time in a stand against same-sex marriage.
——
3:30 p.m.
Alabama Democratic Senate nominee Doug Jones says his campaign has “the wind at its back” as he crisscrosses the state ahead of Tuesday's election for U.S. Senate.
In a Saturday stop in Selma, Jones said his campaign has been focused on bringing people together, while Republican Roy Moore is trying to divide voters.
Jones is attempting to become the first Alabama Democrat elected to the U.S. Senate in 25 years. Jones held a series of stops aimed at energizing the broad coalition he has to build to pull off the upset in deep-red Alabama.
Jones planned stops in Selma and Montgomery with prominent African-American politicians, including Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey. Grammy-winning artist Jason Isbell was scheduled to hold a free concert for Jones in Huntsville, Ala.
Jones in Selma accused Moore of “hiding” since he has held only about a half-dozen public events since he was hit with accusations of sexual misconduct last month.
—-
2:23 p.m.
Renegade Republican Roy Moore may be plagued by scandal, but it will take more than that for Democrat Doug Jones to win in deep-red Alabama on Tuesday.
Jones' team is fighting history and math to energize a winning coalition of African-Americans and moderate Republicans. It's a delicate balancing act on full display on Saturday as Jones and his network of volunteers canvassed the state.
Moore is facing multiple accusations of sexual misconduct, including allegations that he molested two teenage girls and pursued romantic relationships with several others while in his 30s. He has largely denied the allegations.
The explosive charges, which many Washington Republicans describe as credible, are giving Democrats a once-in-a-generation opportunity to pick up a Senate seat in the Deep South, where Republicans significantly outnumber Democrats.
What will TESS find? Ricker said not knowing is what makes the mission so exciting. “If you go out with a very sensitive instrument and look in a completely unbiased way, you find stuff that is completely unexpected,” he said. “That's to me what's exciting.”
TESS will build upon the legacy of NASA's Kepler Space Telescope, which launched in 2009 and has since identified more than 2,300 confirmed exoplanets. But TESS will be gazing at star systems that are much closer than those studied by Kepler, Ricker said.
Like Kepler, TESS is designed to locate exoplanets by searching for what astronomers call transits. These are periodic dips in starlight that occur when a planet's orbit takes it in front of its host star.
Scientists will conduct follow-up observations of exoplanet “candidates” using powerful ground- or space-based observatories. These will likely include the James Webb Space Telescope, which is slated to launch in 2020. The Webb telescope is designed to examine the atmospheres of exoplanets to look for traces of oxygen, carbon dioxide, or methane — which could suggest the presence of life.
"TESS will give us plenty of good targets for further study over many years to come," Dr. Matt Burleigh, a professor of astronomy at the University of Leicester, who is not involved with the TESS mission, told NBC News MACH in an email. "It will also help to tell us about the exoplanets around all our nearest stars — a census of our neighborhood in the galaxy."
Burleigh said he's looking forward to seeing what TESS will uncover. "There are bound to be a few weird and wonderful worlds and solar systems to intrigue, excite and challenge our understanding of how planets form and evolve," he said. "The weird ones are often the most interesting!"
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
The family of a man who was beaten over the weekend outside a Detroit casino in a brawl that spawned a viral video is speaking out as police vowed Monday to release new photos of the suspects.
“I was hurt to my soul that you would still keep hitting somebody that is unconscious and you kicked him in his face,” a woman who identified herself as the sister of 23-year-old Brandon Putnam told Fox 2.
The video, posted on Facebook, shows a group of men pummeling Putnam early Sunday morning outside Detroit's Greektown Casino as a crowd shouts and cheers.
“This happened in Downtown Detroit last night,” read the caption on the video, which has been viewed nearly 2 million times.
His family told the station that Putnam was at the casino with friends celebrating his birthday when the violence broke out. It was not immediately clear what sparked the brawl.
Putnam's sister, who told the station that she wishes to remain anonymous, said her brother is being treated at a local hospital for head trauma, including a fractured skull and internal bleeding.
His cousins also were injured in the attack, although not as severely, the sister added.
Detroit Police Chief James Craig said Monday that authorities have still photos of the assailants and are working to identify their vehicles, which were captured on video at the casino's parking garage.
“We know who you are, so turn yourselves in and we'll work with you,” Craig said. “This is totally an unacceptable situation.”
Craig said those photos are expected to be released later Monday, The Detroit News reported.
Police said they arrived on scene “quickly” after two 911 calls were made, but by that time, the fight was already over.
The violent incident is the second videotaped fight in a week in Detroit that showed people egging on the participants instead of helping to break it up, The Detroit News reported.
The earlier incident involved a fight between women that ended in a double stabbing.
Anyone with information on the most recent video is urged to call police or Crime Stoppers of Michigan at 1-800-SPEAK-UP.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
We called up Kate Upton on a Thursday afternoon, and within seconds of hearing the peppy 25-year-old on the other end of the line we thought, “Of course. Beautiful, successful and nice.”
A personality trait you may not expect from a drop-dead gorgeous model whose curves have graced the covers of the world's most prestigious magazines including Vogue, Vanity Fair, Harper's Bazaar, Cosmopolitan, Esquire and the coveted Sports Illustrated, three times.
Her famous curves are a departure from the stick-thin beauty convention perpetuated in the media, and as she's advanced in her career she's learned to embrace that, choosing projects that celebrate “every type of perfect … inspiring women to love themselves.”
You probably also recognize her from the big screen. Kate held her own against powerhouse actresses Cameron Diaz and Leslie Mann in The Other Woman, and will appear in The Layover, directed by William H Macy, next month.
As if she isn't busy enough with her career, she's planning a wedding to professional baseball player Justin Verlander. Plus, she's turned her major love of animals (you can see her cuddling penguins, horses and dogs, including her own boxer Harley, on Instagram) into a spokesperson role with LINK AKC, promoting their smart dog collar that serves as an activity tracker (which she says motives her to get out and walk more).
Okay, how does she do it? We chatted with Kate and got the lowdown on how she stays in shape and manages stress with a jam-packed schedule — with the ultimate goal of just having fun.
Kate Upton
What inspires you to do what you do?
I get inspiration from a bunch of different things. Definitely being able to be outside and be active, and be around family and friends (and my dog!), inspires me to stay motivated and enjoy life.
Tell us about a bad thing or tough moment that you made you better.
Any change is tough; so any time I've changed agencies or I've decided I want to take a different path in my career or I've said no to a certain job to wait for the opportunity to possibly get another one, was an insecure moment. And you don't know how it's going to turn out. But I try to focus on listening to my gut; any time in my career that I didn't listen to my gut instincts, I didn't like the outcome of the project, so I always try to listen to it and know there's good reason to go with my initial feeling.
I try to focus on listening to my gut; any time in my career that I didn't listen to my gut instincts, I didn't like the outcome of the project. I try to focus on listening to my gut; any time in my career that I didn't listen to my gut instincts, I didn't like the outcome of the project.
I always try, even if it's not in the moment, maybe it's a couple of years later, to look back and find the positive or what I learned from any tough situation. I'm 25 years old so any tough situation I've been in is always a learning experience and I hope to keep that throughout my life. The best opportunity to learn is from your mistakes.
You felt like you really “made it” when…
I still kind of have little moments like that. I think when I first started living in New York and I got an apartment with a washer and dryer in the unit which is pretty rare living in Manhattan. That was one of those moments where I was like, “I made it.” It's the little things — the little wins!
What are the two or three things you do every morning to set yourself up for success?
Every morning I have coffee and room-temperature water with lemon squeezed in it. I used to consider myself a morning person but I kind of have to roll with life now. My fiancé is a baseball player and plays night games, so most of the time he doesn't get home until 11 PM and his adrenaline is still going and so it's hard to go to sleep late and wake up early. So when I'm with him, I'm not a morning person and when I'm not with him, I try to really enjoy my mornings. I go outside and take my dog Harley on a walk. I feel like being outside really gets me ready for the day.
I write everything down. If I don't jot things down I won't be able to sleep. I write everything down. If I don't jot things down I won't be able to sleep.
You are always on the go — how do you manage all the stress?
I have a great support system around me of friends and family who are there to be listened, or help in any way. But also yoga breathing. Stomach breathing helps center you to have more clarity throughout stressful days. It's great for whenever people feel anxious or stressed; it's a shallow breathing from your chest that helps calm you.
What's on your nightstand right now?
My nightstand is a bit of a mess. I have everything from chargers to my computer at times, to a book — right now I'm reading this amazing book called Lilac Girls.
The one guilty pleasure you can't stop, won't stop:
Wine.
Your favorite way to stay fit?
Going on hikes with Harley and exploring different cities we are in. I love to go on walk/runs — I really emphasize the walk/run — in new cities because I get to see where I'm at and enjoy the outdoors. But I also have an amazing trainer who writes me hotel workouts. So I'll travel with two bands and sliders and be able to do a workout inside my hotel room or inside the hotel gym, so I'm able to switch things up and keep it interesting to stay motivated.
Favorite workout jam of the moment:
Shape of You, by Ed Sheeran.
What I'm looking forward to most this month:
Justin and I are going on a vacation to the Bahamas, I can't wait to have that time with him. It's very rare in the summer.
What goal(s) are you currently working on?
My life goal is to continue finding the balance of staying healthy and feeling energized and strong, but also enjoying life. That will be a forever journey for everyone, the balance of having fun and finding fun in being healthy.
Career crush:
I love Leslie Mann. I think she's an amazing woman who does a great job at being an awesome mom and person and enjoying her life, while also having a kick-ass career. I learned from her that you don't have to be perfect, and to enjoy the moment you're in. When she's with her family she's engaged and excited to be there and when she's working she misses them, but she's also really talented at what she does and is able to put her focus there and do a good job.
One Small Thing that makes me healthier/better/more sane:
I write everything down. My entire schedule. I have it in my phone, but I write it down and it helps me remember it a little better and stay a little bit more on top of things. For some reason writing it down puts it in my brain rather that typing it in and so I have double reminders. If I don't jot things down I won't be able to sleep.
ATLANTA (AP) ��� Dansby Swanson hit an RBI single with two outs in the ninth inning and the Atlanta Braves, boosted by Freddie Freeman's two home runs and double, beat the San Diego Padres 5-4 Monday night for a four-game sweep in their first series at SunTrust Park.
Swanson's bases-loaded hit fell just in front of diving left fielder Allen Cordoba. The Braves have followed a five-game losing streak with five straight wins.
Freeman had four hits and drove in three runs. His second homer tied it in the eighth.
Jim Johnson (2-0) pitched the ninth.
Kurt Suzuki hit a one-out single in the Braves ninth off closer Brandon Maurer (0-1). With two outs, pinch runner Chase d'Arnaud advanced to third on Emilio Bonifacio's bloop single in front of Cordoba's dive.
An intentional walk to Ender Inciarte loaded the bases for Swanson, whose first career game-ending hit again fell beyond the reach of a charging Cordoba.
Austin Hedges' two-run homer off Arodys Vizcaino in the eighth inning gave San Diego a 4-3 lead. Freeman tied the game with his opposite-field homer to left field off Ryan Buchter.
Freeman's two-run homer in the third inning put Atlanta ahead 3-1. Cordoba's pinch-hit homer off Jaime Garcia in the seventh cut the lead to 3-2.
Garcia allowed two runs in 6 1-3 innings. San Diego right-hander Jered Weaver allowed three runs, two earned, in six innings.
Garcia gave up hits to San Diego's first three batters, including a run-scoring single by Yangervis Solarte. Garcia didn't allow another hit until Hedges' two-out double to right field in the sixth.
Weaver, in his 11th season, faced the Braves for the first time. He has faced 29 of 30 current teams, leaving only his former team, the Angels.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Braves OF Matt Kemp (right hamstring tightness) ran the bases and took flyballs in left field before batting practice and said “it went well.” Kemp can come off the 10-day DL on Tuesday and said “hopefully that will be the plan.” … C Tyler Flowers (strained right hamstring) may only miss “a couple days,” according to manager Brian Snitker. Flowers left Sunday's game with discomfort and Suzuki was the starting catcher on Monday night.
UP NEXT
Padres: RHP Jarred Cosart (0-0) will make his second start when San Diego returns home to open a series against Arizona's Shelby Miller on Tuesday night.
Braves: RHP Mike Foltynewicz (0-1) returns to the rotation in Tuesday night's series opener against Max Scherzer and the Nationals. Foltynewicz had his spot in the Atlanta rotation skipped for one start after his 5-4 loss at Pittsburgh on April 7.
—
More AP Baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
Just wait until President Trump hears about the "failing" New York Times' tremendous, "yuge" new business move.
The Gray Lady is now offering annual subscribers a free premium Spotify account.
For $5 a week, news junkies can read all the New York Times articles they want, while also enjoying unlimited access to more than 30 million songs on Spotify.
Considering a premium Spotify account will run you $10 per month, the journalism and music bundle is a steal. Now we'll just have to wait and see how many news-inspired playlists pop up.
Related: What's Next for President Obama? Spotify Has a Job Offer That May Be Music to His Ears
Despite President Trump's penchant for claiming the New York Times is "failing," business at the newspaper of record is booming.
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017
In November, following the election, the New York Times reported its subscription growth was 10 times higher than the same period in 2015.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Police arrests herbalist in possession of human skull
A 45 year-old man identified as Lucien Tosume, who is suspected to be a ritualist has been arrested by the Lagos State Police Command, for possessing a human skull. Tosume was arrested last week following an intelligence report in Iraye village in Sagamu Local Council of Ogun State. According to spokesman of the Lagos State …
The post Police arrests herbalist in possession of human skull appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HOUSTON - New York Times Bestselling Author Dr. Ian Smith Puts Us To The Test With Some Food Trivia!
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Sinaico Ltd appoints Nonye Ojiaka as executive director
Sinai Collateral Ltd, a member of JKPEEZ Group, has announced the appointment of Ms Nonye Ojiaka as its Executive Director.
Prior to her elevation at the weekend, Ms Ojiaka led change management at the company where she was responsible for developing strategies for the smooth implementation of its Transformation Initiatives and Marketing/Business Development of the products across the country.
Founder and Chairman of Sinai Collateral Ltd (SINAICO), Chief Peter Ojiaka, who broke the news said, “after a rigorous search and selection process by the Board of Directors, we are pleased to announce Nonye Ojiaka's appointment and to welcome her on board SINAICO.”
According to him, the appointee “brings a valuable blend of experience to the organisation and we are pleased having her on board as we hope to see her forge ahead towards the attainment of our goals.”
Two years ago, SINAICO blazed the trail when it partnered with Ardent World Inc. (AWI) based in the Philippines, which is a fast-rising name in the skincare and beauty industry. AWI is part of a group of companies engaged in personal care services and retail vanity products all over the world.
Reacting to her appointment, Ms Ojiaka said, “these are exciting times for SINAICO and I am very delighted to join the board in this role. Our philosophy is to develop reasonably priced, premium quality products you can see and feel the results.
“We specialise in beauty and natural products, which is our Moringa line of products, that helps in skin repair and rejuvenation.”
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo on the bench prior to the Spanish Supercup, first leg, soccer match between FC Barcelona and Real Madrid at the Camp Nou stadium in Barcelona, Spain, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017.
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). Referee Ricardo de Burgos, right, shows a red card to Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo during the Spanish Supercup, first leg, soccer match between FC Barcelona and Real Madrid at the Camp Nou stadium in Barcelona, Spain, Sund...
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo gestures prior the Spanish Supercup, first leg, soccer match between FC Barcelona and Real Madrid at the Camp Nou stadium in Barcelona, Spain, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017.
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). Referee Ricardo de Burgos, right, shows a red card to Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo during the Spanish Supercup, first leg, soccer match between FC Barcelona and Real Madrid at the Camp Nou stadium in Barcelona, Spain, Sund...
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo, right, reacts after Referee Ricardo de Burgos shows a yellow card during the Spanish Supercup, first leg, soccer match between FC Barcelona and Real Madrid at the Camp Nou stadium in Barcelona...
By JOSEPH WILSONAssociated Press
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) - Cristiano Ronaldo was banned for five games on Monday after shoving a referee following his red card for diving in Real Madrid's 3-1 win over Barcelona in the season-opening Spanish Super Cup.
Ronaldo was suspended for one game for the red card in Sunday's Super Cup first leg at Barcelona, and four games for pushing referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back, the Spanish football federation said.
Ronaldo will miss Wednesday's return leg of the Super Cup in Madrid plus the first four matches of the Spanish league season.
Madrid opens the league on Sunday at Deportivo La Coruna. Its next three matches after that are against Valencia, promoted Levante, and at Real Sociedad.
Ronaldo and Madrid have 10 days to appeal the federation's ruling.
Still regaining peak fitness after an extended summer vacation, Ronaldo began the Super Cup match on the bench, and came on in the 58th minute.
He scored with a long-range strike to put Madrid 2-1 up moments after Lionel Messi had equalized for Barcelona from the penalty spot.
But Ronaldo's goal celebration - when he took his shirt off and flexed his muscles - earned him a yellow card.
Two minutes later, he charged into the area and collided with Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti. Ronaldo went down hoping for a penalty. Instead, referee De Burgos Bengoetxea showed Ronaldo a second yellow for diving and sent him off.
Ronaldo raised his arms in disbelief before he stepped up to De Burgos and shoved him in the back with his right hand.
The federation ruling said that Ronaldo's shove violated article 96 of its disciplinary code, which states that "light aggressions" defined as "pulling, pushing and shaking" of a referee are punished by suspensions of 4-12 matches.
The federation also fined Ronaldo 3,005 euros ($3,500) and Madrid 1,400 euros ($1,650) for the shove, and another 600 euros ($705) for the player and 350 euros ($412) for the club for simulating a foul.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace boss Roy Hodgson has said signing Alexander Sorloth was his first choice target during the transfer window and that he will be in the squad to face Newcastle this weekend.
The Eagles manager was pleased with the acquisition of the 22-year-old from FC Midtjylland and said the club had been monitoring him for a while.
The 6ft 4ins forward - who has won 12 caps for Norway - was Palace's only signing on Deadline Day as other deals never quite crossed the line and Hodgson hopes the striker can live up to his potential.
He said: "We hope he's going to be very good. We've been following him and he's been a target for the whole of the transfer window and in our discussions before the window opened so we're pleased we've able to persuade Midtjylland to let him go out.
"We're pleased that they have agreed to let him go, even more so now after the unfortunate injury to Bakary Sako which means we're even lighter in that area.
"He was the first choice striking target and he's certainly going to be involved in the squad this weekend.
"He's short of match practice because the season in Denmark is very different to our season but he's fit and took part in the training session today but of course in terms of match fitness and games he's a little bit behind the others."
WASHINGTON — The shooting at a baseball practice of Republican Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA) and others is the latest incident to put Congressional security in the spotlight.
The U.S. Capitol Police — one of its officers was also shot Wednesday — have expanded their footprint over the years in response to prior incidents, but are primarily tasked with guarding the Capitol grounds and investigating threats against lawmakers. Outside Washington, members coordinate events with local and state police and sometimes use their own personal security.
The Capitol Police has over 2,100 officers and civilian staff, according to its website.
Only a small number of members in leadership positions receive full-time protective details from the Capitol Police, including the House Speaker, House and Senate Majority and Minority Leader, and House and Senate whips. Rank-and-file members sometimes receive added protection in response to specific concerns.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Eyewitness: Gunfire Was Exchanged Between Police and Shooter 3:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Lawmakers credited leadership's mandatory protection with preventing a far worse tragedy on Wednesday, saying the event may have been undefended without Scalise, the third-ranking Republican in the House, attending with Capitol police officers.
“He probably saved everybody else's life because if you don't have a leadership person there, there would have been no security there,” Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY), who was at the baseball practice, said on MSNBC's Morning Joe.
“We all would have been vulnerable without return fire,” Rep. Brad Wenstrup (R-OH) told NBC News.
The protective details were expanded in 1998 as part of a series of measures responding to the fatal shooting of two U.S. Capitol Police officers, Jacob J. Chestnut and John Gibson. One former leadership aide recalled to NBC News that the quickest way to find their boss at any given moment was to contact their security.
The 1998 attack by a lone gunman also prompted the construction of the Capitol Visitor Center in order to serve as an additional checkpoint between tourists and the main building.
The most serious incident attack against a member and staffers occurred In 2011, when then-Rep. Gabby Giffords (D-AZ) was shot at a constituent event in Arizona along with eighteen others, six fatally. Giffords, who survived, is now a prominent advocate for gun safety laws.
A former House Democratic aide said their office had since been trained by the Capitol Police in active shooter situations: After a 2013 incident in which officers fired shots at a car that crashed at a security barrier nearby after a chase, killing the driver, staff huddled into a room away from windows in line with their prearranged plan.
There have been other incidents around the Capitol since then. Last year, a man known for shouting religious slogans around the Capitol was shot and arrested after pulling out a BB gun at the Capitol Visitor Center.
Members have raised concerns about security in recent months. Some Republican members suggested they needed to review their protection after a series of crowded, sometimes heated, town halls. The FBI arrested a man in May for leaving threatening voicemail messages for Rep. Martha McSally (R-AZ). Individual lawmakers have also reported death threats to the Capitol Police, including Rep. Al Green (D-TX), who said he received violent racist messages after calling for President Trump's impeachment.
Emerging from a House meeting on the shooting on Wednesday, Green told NBC News his top priority was addressing security for to protect Congressional staff outside the Capitol.
One Congressional staffer, legislative correspondent Zachary Barth who serves in Rep. Roger Williams' office (R-TX), was wounded in Wednesday's shooting.
"In our district offices, most of them, there is no police protection available to the extent that we have it here," Green said. "We got to look out for our staff."
Rep. Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) brought up a number security issues after the meeting as well, including the possibility of using campaign funds to pay for security at their homes.
"Everyone is getting a bunch of death threats right now," Gallego said.
Capitol Police chief Matthew R. Verderosa testified at a House Appropriations hearing in February that officers were taking into account “a rise in terrorist organizations attacking public venues” as well as “increased occurrences of homegrown violent extremist ‘lone wolf' episodes” as part of their duties.
CORRECTION: (June 14, 2017, 1:12 p.m): An earlier version of this article misstated Texas Rep. Al Green's political affiliation. He is a Democrat, not a Republican.
CORRECTION: (June 14, 2017: 2:16 p.m.): An earlier version of this article misstated the party affiliation of former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords. She is a Democrat, not a Republican.
Embattled Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday blasted allegations that he or anybody in the Trump campaign colluded with the Russians as an "appalling and detestable lie" — and defended the decision to fire the FBI chief who was leading the probe of Moscow's meddling in the presidential election.
"Let me state this clearly: I have never met with or had any conversations with Russians or any foreign officials concerning any ... interference with any campaign or election," Sessions testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee.
"Further, I have no knowledge of any such conversations by anyone connected to the Trump campaign. I was your colleague in this body for 20 years, and the suggestion that I participated in any collusion or that I was aware of any collusion with the Russian government to hurt this country, which I have served with honor over 35 years, or to undermine the integrity of our democratic process, is an appalling and detestable lie."
"Please colleagues, hear me on this," Sessions continued. "I recused myself from any investigation into" Russian interference in the campaign. "I did not recuse myself from defending my honor against scurrilous and false allegations."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed AG Sessions Defends Himself in Fiery Testimony Before Senate Intel Cmte. 2:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
It was the dramatic start to Sessions' much-anticipated sworn appearance before the committee that last over two hours. And his testimony came on the heels of fired FBI Director James Comey's turn last week in front of the same panel — a two hour and 40 minute evisceration of President Donald Trump during which Comey called the president a liar and said he was fired because of “the Russian investigation.”
Early on Tuesday, the questioning of Sessions grew heated as he declined to answer several questions about his private conversations with Trump.
Sessions stopped short of invoking executive privilege — he said only the president can do that — but explained that he was following the "longstanding" policy of the Justice Department by drawing a veil on his conversations with Trump. And he objected when Senator Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat, suggested he was stonewalling.
"I am not stonewalling," an emotional Sessions insisted.
But Wyden kept pressing Sessions, reminding him that Comey testified last week that there "were matters with respect to the recusal that were problematic and (Comey) couldn't talk about them."
"What are they?" Wyden asked.
"Why don't you tell me?" Sessions snapped, clearly angry. "There are none, Senator Wyden. There are none. I can tell you that for absolute certainty. This is secret innuendo leaked out there about me, and I don't appreciate it."
Then, when Wyden asked Sessions why he didn't keep out of the decision to fire Comey when he had already recused himself from participating in certain matters, the AG answered, "It did not violate my recusal."
"That answer, in my view, does not pass the smell test," Wyden shot back.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Wyden, Sessions Have Heated Exchange on Recusal Concerns 1:25 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Sessions also refused to answer when Senator Angus King, an independent from Maine, asked him whether "the question of the Russian investigation" ever came up in his conversations with Trump about removing Comey.
"I cannot answer that," Sessions replied.
And when Senator Joe Manchin, a West Virginia Democrat who sometimes sides with Trump, asked Sessions whether he would feel freer to answer their questions in closed session, the AG replied: "I am not sure."
Sessions arrived at the Capitol with Washington roiling over reports that Trump was considering removing Robert Mueller, the special counsel leading the Russian probe.
It was the first time Sessions testified before Congress since he took office in February. And while Sessions — under pressure from Democrats — agreed to do so in public, no time was set aside for a closed hearing where the AG would be free to discuss classified matters.
Asked whether Trump has confidence in Mueller, Sessions answered, "I have confidence in Mr. Mueller, but I'm not going to discuss any hypotheticals."
Related: Who Is Attorney General Jeff Sessions?
Sessions was also questioned about his contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak — including an alleged third private meeting with the diplomat at the Mayflower Hotel in April 2016. NBC News has reported that the FBI is also looking into the alleged Mayflower meeting.
The AG forcefully denied meeting with Kislyak at the hotel. "I came there not knowing he would be there," he said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Sessions Details Reasons for His Recusal from Russia Investigation 3:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The AG also faced other key questions like whether he still stands by his original explanation that Comey was fired for his handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation during the campaign — and that the Russian investigation did not figure into his recommendation to remove Comey.
"That is correct," Sessions answer.
Trump, however, told NBC Nightly News anchor Lester Holt that Comey's ouster was related to the Russia probe.
When Comey was testifying, the White House spun his admission that Trump was not personally under investigation into a “Comey vindicates Trump” talking point. And as Sessions testified a Republican rapid-response messaging team sprang into action to give the GOP take on his testimony.
At the White House, a senior administration official said they were "pretty impressed" with Sessions' testimony and they liked that he came out swinging.
But Trump was not happy when Sessions announced in March that he was recusing himself from the federal probe of Russian meddling in the presidential election.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Sessions Says He Had No Conversations with Comey about Job Performance 2:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Insisting again that he had no improper contacts with the Russians, Sessions said at the time that he was stepping aside from the mater because of his involvement in the Trump campaign. “I should not be involved in investigating a campaign I had a role in,” he said.
But Sessions' decision to recuse himself came after he first caught flak for not disclosing during his confirmation hearing that he met with Kislyak twice during the campaign.
Sessions told NBC News a similar story on the morning in March. “I have not met any Russians at any time to discuss any political campaign,” he said. “And those remarks are unbelievable to me and are false.”
A couple hours later, Sessions was singing a somewhat different tune.
“In retrospect, I should have slowed down and said, ‘But I did meet with one Russian official a couple times, that would be the ambassador,” he told reporters.
CHICAGO — A Chicago masseuse is suing Marvel Comic's Stan Lee, accusing him of inappropriate behaviour during two massages in 2017.
Maria Carballo filed the lawsuit Monday seeking more than $50,000 in punitive damages and attorney fees from the 95-year-old writer and artist.
The Chicago Tribune reports that Lee's attorney, Jonathan Freund, called the lawsuit “a shakedown” and says Lee denies the allegations.
Carballo also filed a complaint with Chicago police, who are investigating.
According to the complaint, Lee fondled himself during the first massage and moaned so much during the second that Carballo stopped the treatment. Lee stood up and angrily demanded Carballo keep massaging him.
The complaint also says Carballo was massaging Lee with her feet when he grabbed her foot and touched it to his genitals.
——
Information from: Chicago Tribune, http://www.chicagotribune.com
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Jones County Assessor Arnie Andreesen announced that the door-to-door inspections of all residential properties in Jones County will begin approximately June 19.
A reappraisal program was approved by the Conference Board in Jones County.
Valentine's Day is almost upon us, and consumers are shopping like crazy for the big day, with the NRF reporting that they'll spend $18.2 billion around the lovers' holiday.
The NRF cites jewelry, an evening out, flowers, clothing, candy, gift cards, and greeting cards as the categories that make up the multi-billion dollar pie. That all sounds like pretty conventional stuff, but rest assured eccentrics, oddballs, and lovers of novelty: Cupid has plenty of fun gift options for you!
"Until just a few years ago, Valentine's Day gift seekers were limited to buying the traditional mass-produced cards and chocolate unless they purposely sought [other types of products] out," said Brent Shelton, online shopping expert at Fatwallet. "Online shopping platforms like Etsy have made it much easier to find personalized and custom gifts tailored to individual people. It provides consumers with a dual feel-good: helping small business and receiving something truly unique and thought out."
Here's a look at some of the more original and even eccentric gifts out there for your special someone.
Ironic Wine Glasses, Beard Kits, and Funny Undies
When you're in your early 20s, there's nothing quite so adult feeling as going to a wine shop with your sweetie and picking out a bottle of red that costs more than $7. Surely, you should commemorate this pinnacle moment by gifting this oversized wine glass — it can hold an entire bottle — that reads, "This is how you adult," available at Spring for $9.99. Perhaps you could add a humorous twist to the bottle with some of these punny labels available in sets of four starting at $15.99 on Jet.com. "Wine not?"
As so many men realize, maintaining the perfect beard or mustache is no small feat. Help him keep that precious facial hair in impeccable shape with a beard care kit. On Amazon, the Ultimate Beard Kit by Maison Lambert has a five-star rating. It will set you back about $65, but if this stuff it's all it's talked up to be, your guy may just reimburse you.
Maison Lambert
Not every girl desires lacy lingerie — so if your lady is a Star Wars fan, check out these coyly suggestive Chewbacca undies available on Etsy from the shop HappyHankie, for $9.75. If your sweetheart was one of those who took to the street during the recent Women's Marches, she may like these panties which pay homage to the hugely popular Facebook group (and soon to be actual book) Pantsuit Nation, and sell for $10 from Etsy vendor UnderstatementsShop.
Speaking of our bottoms, check out this Valentine's Day-appropriate toilet paper, available from JustPaperRoses.com for $15.62. For something that will literally be flushed down the toilet, that's ridiculously expensive, but the look of weirded-out surprise on your darling's face should make it worth it.
'Weird' Pillows, Insect Jewelry, and a Binge-Watching Survival Kit
Are you a total weirdo? If so, your quirks and eccentricities are likely some of your partner's favorite things about you. Here's a pair of pillows to snuggle up against with the significant oddball in your life. One says "I am weird;" the other says "I love weird." Etsy seller AndersAttic retails the set starting at $35.00.
Diamonds are divine, but you can get much more creative (and cost-efficient) this Valentine's day. Just about any type of jewelry you can dream up is available on Etsy, from this personalized fingerprint heart necklace starting at $39.99 to these butterfly earrings made with real monarch wings that start at $24.
One of the best parts of being in a relationship is binge-watching TV shows together. But when you're watching a series for hours at a time, you may have to frequently get up to stretch and refill on snacks and tissues (hey, these shows get emotional). Minimize the time spent taking breaks with a gift you can both enjoy such as the Binge-Watching Survival Kit.
Available from Urban Outfitters for $20, the kit comes with face cleansing towelettes, stain-removing towelettes, hand cleaning towelettes, dental floss, breath drops, socks, coasters, a snack slip, a decision coin, folding sporks, tissues, and a sofa yoga guide.
Not So Corny Cards
Any gift is best served with a thoughtful card — but thoughtful doesn't have to mean clichéd. Here's a look at some less traditional cards that may make your partner laugh or even cry, but hopefully in a good way!
Like to cuddle up with your honey-pie and watch scary movies? They may want to tear open this Freddy Krueger Card. "You're horrifying," the card caption reads, alongside an image of Freddy's infamous striped sweater and bladed glove. The card retails for $4.95 from Etsy shop LazyFriend. You can also trade in the typical big red hearts for something a bit more accurate with this anatomical heart card for $5.99 from Etsy shop TheStaggeringTruth.
The math nerd of your dreams may appreciate this Isaac Newton card with the caption, "You're the solution to all my equations," sold on Zazzle for $3.35; while with this card, available for $4.50 from Etsy seller ClassyCardsCreative, assures your darling that for them, you'd put down your smartphone to hold their hand.
And don't forget the power of e-cards: you can find tons of funny (and free) ones over at someecards.com, like this one that will remind your lover that you're obviously the best thing that ever happened to them.
NILES, Ohio (WYTV) – A suspect was incarcerated at the Trumbull County Jail on Wednesday, facing charges relating to abandoned dogs found in Niles.
John Patterson, 30, is charged with cruelty to animals.
Police said Patterson left two dogs in his South Cedar Street home without food or water.
One of the dogs had passed away and weighed only 23 pounds. The other dog, a pit bull, weighed 30 pounds.
A veterinarian's report said both dogs also appeared to have a flea infestation.
Niles Police Capt. John Marshall, who spoke to WYTV previously, said it was apparent that both dogs were starving.
“It was clear that they hadn't eaten in some time,” he said.
Even in the big, raunchy pop algorithms now-persona-non-grata Dr. Luke produced for Kesha, her own songwriting sensibilities always glimmered through. As she skyrocketed into becoming a butt-metal loving, electro pop star, she recorded songs that pulled another direction; most significantly, her heart-wrenching cover of Bob Dylan's “Don't Think Twice It's All Right,” which she cut in 2011 for a tribute album, showed a musical depth and emotional interior that had previously taken taken a backseat on her arena anthems. In actuality, Kesha has yearned to be less constrained by the rigid demands of the pop machine for years longer than her public legal battles might suggest. When I met her at Amoeba Records in Los Angeles for a 2012 VIBE cover story, she led me directly to the section where that song was filed, to make sure I knew it existed. It seemed like she had something to prove.
Rainbow is a document of Kesha coming into her own, blossoming into the artist she's always truly wanted to become. It's been a long journey—the alleged assault and emotional abuse, the lawsuits, the court dates and, last but not least, the coming forward in the first place—but here she is with her first post-Luke album, making music that we would presume are exactly the ones she wants to be making. It's a triumph of songwriting as well as will. Through 14 tracks, the Nashville-born artist steps into herself, her powerful voice candid and rugged, over songs that reflect the twin feminist histories of country and soul music, and carries on the tradition by speaking her own truths. She did not have to craft a narrative for her fans, because they have lived it alongside her for the three years since the Kesha v. Dr. Luke saga began. Rainbow is not the dramatic tale of a phoenix, but the more relatable one of a woman who's seen some shit and is, against all odds, still here.
Besides, the opening track tells us as much. Riffing off one of Kris Kristofferson's best-known protest songs, Kesha's acoustic country ballad “Bastards” analogizes her past to emotional war, singing, “Don't let the assholes wear you out/Don't let the mean girls take the crown, don't let the scumbags screw you 'round/don't let the bastards take you down.” The chorus is a clarion call and a thesis statement, plus a gorgeous declaration of her roots; it's also hard not to compare it to another pop star's recent foray back to country—the wan “Malibu“—and conclude that Miley needs to step up her game, 'cause this is stiff competition for the CMAs.
Though Kesha collaborates with Dolly Parton (on “Old Flames (Can't Hold a Candle to You),” a 1978 track written by her mother Pebe Sebert) and even gets a little honky-tonk on the homicidal cheating stomper “Hunt You Down,” she's not content to linger in the country realm. For the Dap-Kings-assisted “Woman,” she takes it over to Memphis, giving voice to her feminist self-determination in a song she's said she wrote as a clapback to Trump's sexist statements about pussy grabbing. The track has that hip-cocking swagger about it, a stance Kesha nails every time, though “I'm a motherfucking woman” as a hook might be a bit too on the nose. It feels distinctly Clintonian and distinctly pre-election, with the curse being the only barrier from its inevitable future as a successor to a Sara Bareilles girl-power anthem. Kesha's better than this, though you can understand the impulse; sometimes a motherfuckin' woman just needs to hold a pep rally for her girls.
Still, Rainbow works best on two explicitly feminist planes; the afflictive, skyward-aimed ballads (“Hymn,” “Praying”) and the full expression of her personality–these songs don't need to front because she is always being exactly who she is. (The cutely strange “Godzilla” is about taking the iconic movie lizard home to mom, for example.) Booming, beautiful voice aside, Kesha's biggest asset as a pop star has been her willingness and ability to seem entirely human; she has never obscured her flaws or submerged her impulses, and all of that is on full-spectrum display here. The Eagles of Death Metal collaboration “Boogie Feet” purposefully wipes clean any notion that her Luke-era pop career was totally out of her control, and that the “rapping” conceit and pop hooks were solely his creation. The great, slinky “Boots,” too, which puts quick use with her stadium wail and funny little aural quirks (here, a dominatrix cracking her whip) a la “Tinder,” emphasizing the way she can hit a chorus so precisely and with such ferocity.
If any narrative should emerge from this album, it's that she's a survivor and a formidable songwriter, and can do all of this shit on her own. As she muses on the psychedelic cowgirl number “Spaceship,” which closes out the album: “I watch my life backwards and forwards… and I feel free.”
ANAHEIM An 18-month-old child in a stroller was hospitalized after being hit by a car driven by the boy's babysitter at a car wash in Anaheim Wednesday morning, June 14, police said.
Family friends fill each other in on what happened after an 18-month-old child in a stroller was hospitalized after being hit by a car at a car wash in Anaheim on Wednesday morning. (Photo by KEN STEINHARDT, Orange County Register/SCNG)
The father comforts his boy as he arrives to the scene after his 18-month-old child in a stroller was hospitalized after being hit by a car at a car wash in Anaheim on Wednesday morning. (Photo by KEN STEINHARDT, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A firefighter talks with an officer as he arrives to the scene where an 18-month-old child in a stroller was hospitalized after being hit by a car at a car wash in Anaheim on Wednesday morning. (Photo by KEN STEINHARDT, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A babysitter talks with police and fire officials before riding to a nearby hospital after an 18-month-old child in a stroller was hospitalized after being hit by a car at a car wash in Anaheim on Wednesday morning. (Photo by KEN STEINHARDT, Orange County Register/SCNG)
An officer investigates near a car after an 18-month-old child in a stroller was hospitalized after being hit by a car at a car wash in Anaheim on Wednesday morning. (Photo by KEN STEINHARDT, Orange County Register/SCNG)
The babysitter had pulled into Daytona Car Wash on Euclid Street and West Pampas Lane before 11 a.m. when she stopped to unload the child, police said. She put the toddler into the stroller and got back inside the sedan to move it.
“She went to back up the car … not knowing the child is kicking (his feet) in the stroller and it had rolled behind the car,” said Anaheim Sgt. Daron Wyatt.
It's unclear if the child was actually hit by the car, police said, but the boy was knocked out of the stroller.
Firefighters responded and treated the boy for minor scrapes and took him to a hospital for evaluation.
On Tuesday, another child in a stroller was hit by a car in Anaheim.
A grandmother was pushing the 1-year-old in the stroller when a car backed into them. The child was fine but the woman died.
Several fire departments assisted in a Wood County house fire Friday night.
Crews say the fire happened at 1792 Kettle Run Drive near Fort Meigs Road in Perrysburg just before midnight Friday night.
They were called out to a chimney fire that quickly spread to the second floor and roof of the house.
Crews say they had to get out of the house while putting the fire out because the roof caved in onto the attic.
One woman and her dog were inside at the time, but crews say they did get out safely and there were no injuries.
The Red Cross is now assisting her.
Perrysburg, Perrysburg Township, Maumee and Rossford Fire Departments all assisted on the scene.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Why it matters to you Microsoft's Project Scorpio was recently revealed to be the most powerful home console and now you have a chance to try it out months before its release.
Microsoft announced details for this year's Xbox Fanfest. The three-day event will run from June 11 to June 13 in Los Angeles and leads directly into this year's Electronics Entertainment Expo (E3). Fanfest gives consumers the chance to try out upcoming Microsoft games and hardware and this year, that will include the much-anticipated Project Scorpio.
Attendees for the Xbox E3 briefing on June 11, and receive a “custom-built backpack full of gaming swag.” On June 12, you will be granted access to upcoming Microsoft exclusives and AAA fall titles, and yes, Project Scorpio. Considering Microsoft is expected to dedicate a sizable portion of its E3 content to the Scorpio, it would not be surprising if most, if not all, of the games shown will be played on Scorpio.
Sounds pretty neat, right? If you want to secure a spot at the Fanfest, you will have to be vigilant.
There are only 500 spots available, 400 of which will be available on a “first-come, first-serve” basis starting Wednesday. The tickets will be available to purchase in waves over the course of the day, starting at 6 a.m. (PT). Microsoft has not revealed how many of the 400 will be available in the first wave and when the other waves will occur, but it is safe to say that tickets will sell out in a flash. To stay abreast with ticket allotments throughout the day, pay close attention to the official Xbox Twitter account and #XboxFanFest. Microsoft noted that you need a credit card to reserve a spot, but that your card won't be charged for the reservation. However, there is a cancellation fee if you back out.
The last 100 tickets will be doled out in currently undisclosed promotions and giveaways leading up to the Fanfest.
For more info on the Xbox Fanfest, check out Microsoft's FAQ. Last year, attendees were also given passes to E3. While Microsoft hasn't disclosed if the same will be true this year, it has noted that there's “lots of surprises in store for our fans this year.”
"Scheer knows well enough: if you start to become the architect of rift creation in the Conservative party, you may as well kiss any hopes of winning an election away," said Powers, adding there's "tension, absolutely."
"Yes, [Bernier] can perhaps be a source of irritation to some of his peers, but equally he does represent views that many conservatives have."
And with the 2019 election looming large, Scheer — a Saskatchewan MP who's still busy introducing himself to Canadians — can't afford to lose Bernier, a gregarious veteran who was edged out of the Conservative leadership last year by the narrowest of margins, and who represents a part of the country where the Tories are keen to hold on to support.
Kicking Bernier out of caucus would have meant "huge brand damage" for the party at the worst possible time, said Powers — a challenge similar to that faced by his predecessor, former prime minister Stephen Harper.
Harper, famous for his rigid caucus discipline, found a way to keep Bernier in the fold. Scheer — often described by political rivals as "Stephen Harper with a smile" — is trying to do the same.
The MP who wanted Bernier's ouster expressed confidence they would have had a "fair amount of support," given the number of caucus members who felt deliberately misled.
"There was a fair amount of people that felt that Max had crossed the line."
One Conservative MP accused Bernier of being "incredibly disloyal," said he has "destroyed all of his credibility" and in fact told Scheer he would have booted him from caucus a long time ago. Another said caucus felt Bernier had broken his pledge to the group.
Brock Harrison, Scheer's director of communications, said the leader's office would not comment on internal caucus matters or any private conversations that may have taken place.
"Mr. Bernier continues to be an important member of our national caucus and his perspectives and his expertise are valued," Harrison said.
Many of Bernier's supporters are convinced Scheer removed Bernier from his shadow cabinet as way of smoothing things over with dairy farmers, but Conservative sources insist it's because Bernier broke his promise.
Scheer has largely recovered from any political damage he may have incurred for removing Bernier from his critic's role, said Powers, who acknowledged that the Quebec MP and outspoken libertarian does indeed "march to the beat of his own drum."
"He's the yin to Scheer's yang," he said — "particularly when it comes to supply management."
By Janice Dickson, The Canadian Press
The Toronto Blue Jays ended the first third of the 2018 season on Monday afternoon in Boston. Their record (which is currently 25-30) has taken a nosedive in May, the disabled list was filled with regulars, and Josh Donaldson limped off the field with another calf injury. Things have not gone well after the positives of their 12-5 start to the season.
One measure of the team's success and failure we've used in the past is by charting Win Probability Added. You might be familiar with a win probability chart for individual games. Here's Fangraphs' chart for Sunday's game between the Blue Jays and Phillies, which the Jays won 5-3.
At each point along the chart, one team has a probability of winning the game given the inning, the score, the current base runners and the current number of outs based on the historical data of games that were at the same state of play. The outcome of each plate appearance changes the win probability of the game. The difference in the new win probability versus the previous probability is the win probability added, which is credited to the pitcher and the hitter from that plate appearance.
WPA can tell us about the performance of players in a game or over a stretch of games, although it does have its flaws, like saddling pitchers with the result of defensive errors made by his teammates.
Monday's game in Boston was the 54th for the Blue Jays, the exact one-third mark of the season. Let's look at how the Jays' hitters and pitchers performed based on the cumulative WPA.
Curtis Granderson leads the hitters with a WPA of 0.909, followed by Justin Smoak at 0.757. It was a surprise to see Teoscar Hernandez at the bottom of the chart with a WPA of -1.235 (more on that later).
Smoak has the biggest single WPA mark of the season. His eighth-inning grand slam on April 1 against the Yankees turned a 4-3 deficit into a 7-4 lead and flipped the win probability of the game by 59 percentage points.
Granderson has two of the five biggest single WPAs, both 0.41: His ninth-inning solo homer off Darren O'Day in Baltimore on April 10 broke a 1-1 tie and his his 10th-inning walkoff solo homer against Boston closer Craig Kimbrel on April 24.
There aren't any surprises in the pitchers' chart. Closer Roberto Osuna was having a magnificent season before his arrest for assault. Seunghwan Oh and Ryan Tepera have been very good in the bullpen. Tyler Clippard's recent struggles have dented his WPA. Clippard lost 0.57 WPA on Chad Pinder's eighth-inning grand slam against Oakland on May 19.
Tepera rode the WPA roller coaster on May 25 in Philadelphia when he accumulated -0.37 WPA in the ninth inning by allowing a single, a double and two walks with one out. But he gained back 0.53 WPA by getting Rhys Hoskins to strike out with the bases loaded (0.26) and getting Odubel Herrera to ground out to end the game (0.27). The Jays had a 95.4 per cent probability of winning that game when Tepera arrived for the ninth inning with a two-run lead. After the second walk to load the bases and one run already in, the Phillies were slightly favoured to win. But Tepera erased that entire advantage with the final two outs.
The most surprising WPA value among all the Blue Jays belongs to Hernandez. His batting average has dipped to .252, but his OPS is still well above average at .808. Recent attention has focused more on his defensive troubles since the switch to right field.
A look at his daily cumulative WPA total shows Hernandez hasn't contributed positively to the Blue Jays offence in quite some time.
He's only had five games with a positive WPA this month. A closer look at his splits show he's hitting just .216 in May with a .637 OPS. More telling, he's hitting only .211 with a .680 OPS with runners in scoring position. He is 5 for 20 when there's a runner on third base.
He is also saddled with the biggest negative WPA event of the season, -0.54, a good portion of which wasn't his fault: the game-ending flyout on May 26 against the Angels. With runners on first and third and one out, trailing the Angels 5-4, Hernandez's flyball as the first out would have had a significant impact on the game's win probability. But when Granderson was thrown out at the plate for a second out, Hernandez's WPA account took the hit.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
MIDTERM MADNESS: Raising Arizona: It's Election Day in AZ-8
POLITICO notes that senators are largely giving their vulnerable home-state colleagues a pass.
2020: NBC's Mike Memoli writes on the parade of California Dems testing the waters for a presidential run.
AZ-8: Fivethirtyeight has a good briefer on the numbers you need to know on today's special election day.
And the New York Times writes that Republicans are nervous about the margin.
AZ-GOV: Doug Ducey says he doesn't understand why teachers in the state are planning a walkout after promises of a raise.
CO-5: The Colorado Supreme Court says Doug Lamborn should not be allowed on the ballot due to an issue with petition signatures.
IN-SEN: Tom Coburn endorsed Mike Braun.
The IndyStar writes up last night's Senate debate, which was a touch more cordial than past ones.
MS-GOV: A new Mason-Dixon poll puts Democrat Jim Hood up over Republican Tate Reeves.
NY-11: The DCCC is out with a new poll showing Michael Grimm up 10 points on Dan Donovan.
WI-SEN: The New York Times tallies the latest cash pouring in to Wisconsin.
WV-SEN: Is Blankenship fading? POLITICO takes a look at a new poll.
TRUMP AGENDA: He once criticized state dinners; now he's hosting one
As a candidate, Trump had ideas about how to change state dinners, but he hasn't acted on them as president, notes Vivian Salama.
Trump's "pass through" tax provision has saved millionaires about $17 billion in taxes, writes Jonathan Allen.
Ronny Jackson's confirmation hearings have been delayed amid concerns, per Hallie Jackson and Garrett Haake.
CBS News reports that concerns about Jackson include a "hostile work environment" and excessive drinking and improper distribution of medication.
Rebecca Shabad and Frank Thorp have the latest on Rand Paul's last-minute "yes" vote on Mike Pompeo.
The New York Times notes how France's Macron hopes to save the Iran deal with his rapport with Trump.
Scott Pruitt is set to unveil a controversial 'transparency' rule that would limit research that EPA can use, writes the Washington Post.
Legal experts say that it might not be so easy to flip Michael Cohen against Trump, per POLITICO.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Before allegedly killing 10 people with a van in Toronto, Alek Minassian appeared to have posted a message on Facebook that linked him to a toxic online community of misogynists that has become the source of a growing pattern of violence.
The Facebook post, which authorities who spoke with NBC News believe came from Minassian, links Minassian to an online community known as “incels,” short for involuntary celibates. The Canadian Broadcasting Company also reported that Facebook confirmed the authenticity of the post.
Self-described incels congregate mostly online, meeting in forums and message boards like Reddit and 4chan, and its offshoot site 8chan, to discuss their hopelessness with women in posts that are peppered with racist and misogynistic rants. “Chads” are incel-speak for good-looking men, who incels believe can't be one of them. “Stacys” are the women who find “Chads” attractive.
The Facebook message also refers admiringly to Elliot Rodger, who killed six people in Isla Vista, California in 2014, and left behind a manifesto and videos detailing his sexual frustration as the motivation for his violence.
Rodger has since emerged as a source of inspiration among the incel community.
“Private (Recruit) Minassian Infantry 00010, wishing to speak to Sgt 4chan please. C23249161. The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!” Minassian allegedly posted.
Courtroom sketch of suspect Alek Minassian from his initial appearance on April 24, 2018. John Manthanull
Minassian's post spread quickly among the incel community, many of whom rushed to embrace him.
“I hope this guy wrote a manifesto because he could be our next new saint,” one poster wrote on incel.me, a forum where incels congregate.
While some posters questioned whether Minassian, 25, was a “fakecel”—the term for someone whose average looks disqualifies him from community membership—most hailed him as a hero of the movement.
“Spread that name, speak of his sacrifice for our cause, worship him for he gave his life for our future,” one poster wrote.
Another poster wondered whether Minassian might have been acting on his own March call to action for incels to commit mass murder and serial rapes, a post on incels.me which has since been removed.
“I want to see some mass food poisoning deaths, maybe a pipe bomb or two, or hopefully somebody finally uses a f---ing truck to just ram down [women] during a school parade or something, mix it up a little,” wrote BlkPillPres, whose username is a nod to the black pill, lingo in the incel community for coming to the realization that a woman will never have sex with them.
Violence perpetrated by men connected to misogynistic online communities has become systemic enough to warrant attention from organizations that track hate groups. The Southern Poverty Law Center added misogynistic organizations to their list of hate groups for the first time this year.
Heidi Beirich, the director of the Southern Poverty Law Center's Intelligence Project, said that the incel community mostly consists of aggrieved young men, who have found a natural home on 4chan and darker parts of Reddit.
“They're young, frustrated white males in their late teens into their early twenties who are having a hard time adjusting to adulthood. They're the same kinds of people you find in white supremacy writ large,” Beirich said. “They have grievances about the world they've placed onto women and black people.“
The “Star Wars” spinoff “Rogue One” has led the box office for the third straight week, taking in an estimated $64.3 million over the four-day New Year's weekend.
Continue Reading Below
The success of “Rogue One” has only further cemented a record year for the Walt Disney Co., which ran up more than $2.7 billion in domestic ticket sales in 2016 and accounted for more than 25 percent of the market. “Rogue One” has grossed about $440 million in North America and nearly $800 million globally.
In its second week of release, the animated “Sing,” from Universal Pictures, again trailed in second with $56.4 million
Some Oscar contenders are also packing theaters. The Los Angeles musical “La La Land” grossed $12.3 million. And Denzel Washington's August Wilson adaption, “Fences,” made $12.7 million.
CHARLOTTETOWN — Brett Budgell scored 1:14 into overtime as the Charlottetown Islanders edged the Blainville-Boisbriand Armada 3-2 on Tuesday in Quebec Major Junior Hockey League playoff action.
Sullivan Sparkes and Derek Gentile also scored for the Islanders, who still trail the third-round matchup 2-1.
Remy Anglehart and Drake Batherson replied for the Armada, who took the first two games of the series on home ice.
Matthew Welsh turned away 37 shots for Charlottetown as Emile Samson made 27 saves for Blainville-Boisbriand.
The Islanders went 0 for 1 on the power play while the Armada failed to score on either of their chances with the man advantage.
Game 4 goes Wednesday in Charlottetown.
—
TITAN 2 TIGRES 1
VICTORIAVILLE, Que. — Ethan Crossman scored the winner at 16:21 of the third period as Acadie-Bathurst downed the Tigres for a 3-0 series lead.
Liam Murphy also scored for the Titan, who got 23 saves from Evan Fitzpatrick.
Vincent Lanoue scored for Victoriaville as Etienne Montpetit turned aside 27 shots in defeat.
The Tigres will try and keep their season alive on Wednesday when they host Game 4.
—
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
There are plenty of things you can set and forget: your latest slow cooker recipe, your automatic gym membership payment and your favorite road trip playlist. But there's one thing you probably shouldn't put into this category: your retirement accounts. Many of us set up our retirement account when we start a new job — and then never look at it again. But keeping regular tabs on what is going on with your investments is crucial to ensuring they still line up with your goals.
“We all begrudgingly go to the dentist and the doctor once per year, so take yourself for a financial checkup once a year as well,” says Morgan Simon, author of Real Impact: The New Economics of Social Change and co-founder of Candide Group, a registered investment adviser. When your next financial checkup rolls around, here are some changes you can (and probably should) make to your 401(k) or IRA.
1. Up your contributions
As you advance in your career and earn more, you should consider boosting the amount you put into retirement accounts like your 401(k), as it can have a snowball effect and lead to a heftier account in the future, according to Chris Schaefer, head of the retirement plan practice at MV Financial. “Over time as [your] income grows, you might think about adjusting your contributions,” he says. As you near retirement (when you're 50 or over), you may also want to take advantage of a “catch up” contribution (under which the IRS allows you to stash additional money — $6,000 in 2018) into your retirement accounts. “It's a great opportunity to do more,” Schaefer says.
It's recommended to raise your contribution rate by at least 1% every year. It's recommended to raise your contribution rate by at least 1% every year.
Meanwhile, something that investors may be surprised to learn is that you can enroll in an auto-escalation plan for your 401(k), which will increase that contribution automatically, according to Rich Heineman, Mint spokesperson. “It's recommended to raise your contribution rate by at least 1% every year, and since a lot of people have a ‘set it and forget it' mentality with their 401(k), the auto-escalation plan is an easy way to make sure you're contributing as much as you should without much extra effort,” he says.
2. Change your allocations
In addition to deciding how much is going into your investment accounts, you have to decide where that money is going — whether you're saving to buy a home or just tied the knot. “[About once a year] take a look at what the investment mix is and how it matches up with your needs,” he says. You may opt to stick with a target-based fund, an investment fund based on your projected retirement date that generally gets more conservative as you age, or a risk-based portfolio, which is based on the specific risk appetite you have at the time. (With a risk-based portfolio, you'd have to change your allocation to another fund when you want a more aggressive or conservative investment approach.)
If you're considering making a change, Schaefer says, reach out to a representative at the organization where your account is held and discuss whether a switch makes sense for your particular circumstances. Typically, fees aren't associated with changing your allocation to another investment vehicle, but talk it over with your rep to be sure.
3. Switch to socially responsible investing
Want to make sure that your money is doing some good while it's being invested? Then you might want to consider socially responsible investing, which ensures that your financial strategy is lined up with your values. “The good news is that whatever your social values are there's a product for it,” says Simon. There are funds that screen for gender equality or environmental responsibility, among other social issues, she says.
If you have a retirement account through your employer, you likely already have socially responsible investing options available to you through your plan. If not, you can ask those who handle the company's benefits about how an option can be added. “The main point is that it's still your money,” Simon says. “The onus should be on the financial professional who is accountable to you ... and you can always change your advisor if they're not willing to educate themselves and do what you want.”
4. Update your beneficiaries
If you've been at your job for quite a while, you might have completely forgotten who you've designated as your beneficiary (the person entitled to what's in your account if something happens to you). “Those don't change as much [as other things], but it's good to look at them after major life events,” says Schaefer. These include engagements, marriages, the birth of a child and of course, breakups or divorces.
5. Roll over your old accounts
Have you switched jobs every few years? Then you've probably collected much more than a bunch of LinkedIn connections. You've likely ended up with quite a few retirement accounts that you may want to consider combining in the name of efficiency. “I'm a big believer in simplicity,” says Schaefer. “Every time you switch jobs, you want to reassess whether you should consolidate.” Some things to consider: whether a better investment vehicle option is only available via an old job's plan, or if one employer has agreed to pay fees on behalf of account holders. These factors will help you weigh whether it makes fiscal sense to roll over your existing accounts into one.
6. Use technology to your advantage
If you're itching for more options than a 401(k), 403(b) or IRA, then you might want to take a bit of investing into your own hands ... literally. Apps like Acorns or Stash allow you to invest your spare change in less time than it takes to watch an episode of reality TV. “These allow people to feel the type of control that really encourages people to save more but also gives them something they have ownership over,” says Carrie Kerpen, CEO of Likeable Media and author of Work It: Secrets for Success from the Boldest Women in Business. She says these are investment options that should be done in addition to, not in place of, traditional retirement accounts, like a 401(k) with a company match. “A good investment strategy is built on a variety of diversified options,” she says.
Meanwhile, robo advisers, which help take the place of a traditional financial adviser, can also help you chart out an investment strategy. Typically a robo adviser asks you questions about your life, income and goals, and picks investments for you via an algorithm. Just one more option to consider as you get closer to your retirement party.
NEXT: How to Take the Stress Out of Saving for Retirement
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Leeds United claimed a 14th win of the 2016/17 campaign after an emphatic second half display against doomed Rotherham United.
The rock-solid performance at the back has caught the attention of fans on social media following the match. Here's a quick look at what's being said by the coaches, players and supporters...
Get the Better newsletter.
Memorial Day is the unofficial kick off of summer — and all of the pool parties, beach days and outdoor barbecues that come with it.
So we tend to enter with a bang: grilling up some tasty food and popping open a few cold brews. But a day spent backyard dining can take a toll on our waistlines.
A British study conducted by Weight Watchers found that the average Brit consumes 3,200 calories at each barbecue (that's equivalent to eating six Big Macs!). Researchers hypothesize that this is due to the lack of structure in the typical barbecue mealtime. Instead of sitting down to a meal as you normally would, you're more prone to graze for hours at a time, loading up multiple plates — and enjoying a burger and a hot dog (how can you choose just one?).
A recent study found that the average person consumes 3,200 calories at each barbecue — that's equivalent to eating six Big Macs! A recent study found that the average person consumes 3,200 calories at each barbecue — that's equivalent to eating six Big Macs!
Forty-two percent of those surveyed admitted to eating an average of six meat items at each barbecue. Which isn't just alarming in terms of calories — we're also consuming dangerously high amounts of fat in the form of burgers, hot dogs, sausages and processed meats. Not to mention, the mayo-laden sides, sugary condiments (we see you, barbecue sauce and ketchup), and that summer shandy (or three).
The easiest way to keeping calories, fat and sugar — and your summer body — in check is portion control. But, we all have to admit, once we're faced with a barbecue spread (two margaritas deep) it's too easy to go hog wild. Even though a third of the 2,000 adults questioned admitted they eat more food than usual at barbecues, almost half of them chose to forget how many calories they were consuming and ate as much as they wanted.
The whole portion-control thing may be easier said than done, but you can help cut back on the guilt of loading up plate after plate by rehabbing some of the worst offenders on the menu. By packing the spread with better-for-you options that cut back on the sky-high sugar and fat levels found in standard barbecue favorites, you can soothe your guilty conscience — and keep the meal from spiraling out of control.
Don't think it's possible to remake your favorites in a healthier way? Think again. Here are eleven nutritious recipes that keep all of the flavor you crave without sending you into fall with a head start on that winter weight gain.
Missing college student found dead in Bermuda
Investigators in Bermuda are trying to unravel the mystery of what happened to 19-year-old Mark Dombroski, a Saint Joseph's University freshman who was found dead on the popular tourist island Monday afternoon.
The weekend is calling and you haven't packed. You're headed to the woods to go camping with your friends and all of your kitchen camping supplies are stored in random boxes throughout your house. You hurry to fit everything into the back of your car, bringing many items you don't need and forgetting a few essentials. Shouldn't there be a better way?
End the chaos and stay organized with iKamper's EatOut, a revolutionary all-in-one outdoor kitchen system. The best part? Everything fits conveniently into a single box on wheels, perfect for the woods, the park, or the beach.
iKamper first came into the spotlight with its successful iKamper Skycamp rooftop tent campaign. Thanks to GearJunkie, we recently learned about the firm's newest invention — a perfect complement to any rooftop camping trip or an enticing stand-alone product you can bring to the beach or take on a picnic in the park. The EatOut was designed with every aspect of outdoor cooking in mind, from preparation to meal consumption. The all-in-one system easily folds out into three tables, a double-burner gas stove, storage area, and kitchen utensil holder.
The high-quality double burners feature one-touch ignition and 8,500 BTUs of flame power provided by standard butane gas canisters located underneath. The product includes a removable stainless steel wind guard which ensures energy efficiency and is easy to clean. Two different models offer varying amounts of storage space with the Excursion providing for 37 liters and the Expedition expanding to 50.8 liters.
To set up the EatOut simply unfold the sections, screw in the table legs to the birch plywood tables, and enjoy enough eating space for four or more people. The birchwood tables are water and UV resistant and make cleaning up a breeze. If you're going to be cooking or dining at night, set up the LED lantern on an detachable telescopic aluminum stand for ample working light. In addition, you can opt for a kitchen utensil holder that flips open and can be positioned upright over the storage area, providing for easy access to an organized set of cooking and dining supplies. Bonus feature? You can add a removable soft cooler to your EatOut system to keep your drinks cold and your food fresh.
You can purchase the EatOut Excursion system for a pledge of $185 on the company's Kickstarter campaign page. Additions include an LED lantern and stand for $120, a soft cooler for $40, and a utensil holder for $20.
Why it matters to you Sony's Paris Games Week event should supply some new footage, and perhaps even new announcements, that is likely to get PlayStation gamers excited.
Sony will host a PlayStation media showcase in Paris on October 30, possibly to make up for the fact that it will not be holding one at this year's Gamescom, which kicks off next week. Earlier rumors had suggested that it might hold a press conference at Gamescom after not doing so the past couple of years.
Sony's media showcase will take place during Paris Games Week, according to a report from Gamespot. The inaugural PGW was held in 2010, and it has taken place the last week of October ever since, with attendance swelling to more 300,000 people in both 2015 and 2016.
The Sony event was made public when an image asking attendees to save the date was shared on NeoGAF. It remains to be seen exactly what titles will be given the spotlight, but Sony certainly has plenty of projects in the works that PlayStation fans are eager to learn more about.
We can perhaps expect to see some more of God of War, the hotly anticipated reboot of Sony's much-loved character action series. The game was a major focus at E3 2017, so it wouldn't be too surprising if it's given a prominent showcase once again before its expected 2018 release date.
There's also a good chance we'll see Days Gone, the promising zombie adventure from SIE Bend Studio, the developer behind the Syphon Filter games. We might even be given another glimpse of Detroit: Become Human, the contemplative android thriller currently being crafted by David Cage and his team at Quantic Dream.
What do all three of these games have in common? Despite being regular fixtures at recent Sony presentations, they're yet to be given official release dates, despite the fact that all three are expected to land in 2018. The company's Paris Games Week event could prove to be the right time to offer up this information.
Sony has plenty of options when it comes to making announcements of this kind. Between the Tokyo Game Show in September and PlayStation Experience in December, there's no shortage of opportunities to continue building hype for some of the biggest upcoming releases scheduled to hit the PlayStation 4 in 2018 and beyond.
Well, the tax protesters got the president's attention.
The weekend rallies, with a handful of celebrities sprinkled among them, used the tax filing season to demand that Donald Trump release his returns.
That demand will be about as effective as North Korea's latest missile test.
But the protests did produce a pair of presidential tweets: “I did what was an almost impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?”
Trump's view is that he got himself elected while defying the demands that he release his returns, and that settles the issue. And it's true that the issue never got that much traction, except in the media.
Leaving aside his explanation of being under audit, Trump's essential message is: “Read My Lips. No Tax Returns.”
In a second tweet, he said: “Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!” One organizer denied that anyone was paid.
The protesters turned out in such cities as Washington, New York, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Chicago and Denver. In Berkeley, 21 people were arrested as the demonstrators clashed with Trump supporters in a melee that included rocks, sticks and smoke bombs—the kind of violence that gives peaceful protest a bad name.
I doubt the protesters thought they were going to pressure the president into changing his mind. They just see it as a good club to whack him with.
I happen to think that Trump should have followed the 40-year tradition among presidential candidates and made at least some of his returns public. But it is hardly the most burning issue now, given the airstrikes against Syria and the threats emanating from North Korea.
On Sunday, NBC's Chuck Todd said: “If we ever see his tax returns, and I do think we will at some point, it is going to be because some government entity forced them public.”
Well, maybe. It's hard for me to imagine a subpoena from one of the Hill investigations of Russia, as Todd suggests, with Republicans controlling both houses of Congress.
Trump critics have long suspected that he paid no taxes. But that much-hyped leak featured on Rachel Maddow's program showed that he paid $38 million a decade ago, at a much higher rate than Mitt Romney.
That isn't to say that Trump didn't utilize all kinds of real estate tax breaks, but it has taken much of the sting out of the issue.
This will surface again, of course, when the White House starts pushing a tax reform bill. Detractors will demand to know how the proposed changes will affect Trump's IRS bill, as if his sole goal is to make himself richer.
With tensions rising against North Korea and in the wake of the Syrian airstrikes, the tax-return flap will remain on the back burner. But after the president's decision not to release White House visitor logs, he risks further criticism on the broader issue of transparency.
Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of “MediaBuzz” (Sundays 11 a.m.). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.
JAMB orders over 60,000 candidates to rewrite UMTE over malpractice, others
JAMB de-lists 48 computer-based centres from conducting university admission examinations.
The post JAMB orders over 60,000 candidates to rewrite UMTE over malpractice, others appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Deputies in McCracken County went to a home after receiving a tip about a woman inside that had active warrants for her arrest. That tip led to the arrest of two people.
According to Deputy Trent Hardin, someone called the sheriff's department just after 10 p.m. on Thursday, Oct. 5 to report that Brandi Scott, 27, was inside a home on Greenvale Lane.
Scott answered the door when deputies arrived. Hardin said deputies could smell the odor of marijuana coming from inside and soon learned that someone had been smoking marijuana inside the home.
According to Hardin, Scott initially lied about who she was and gave investigators a fake name and birth date. She was taken into custody for the outstanding warrant.
During the investigation into possible illegal drug activity at the house, deputies said that watch Charles Rodgers, 26, of Paducah try to hide items in the couch he was sitting on.
Deputies found a methamphetamine smoking pipe and methamphetamine in the couch.
Rodgers, who also had an active warrant for his arrest, was taken into custody.
Scott faces a new charge of giving officer false identifying information.
Rodgers faces charges of possession of a controlled substance, possession of drug paraphernalia, tampering with physical evidence, and promoting contraband.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android
Copyright 2017 KFVS. All rights reserved.
LONDON (AP) — Austrian qualifier Dennis Novak is through to the third round at Wimbledon, with a little help from the Thiem family.
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated 17th-seeded Lucas Pouille 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2 on Wednesday to double his Grand Slam win tally.
Novak, in the main draw at the England Club for the first time, trains alongside French Open runner-up Dominic Thiem and is coached by his countryman's father, Wolfgang.
"We speak a lot and I think he's played almost against everyone already," Novak said of Dominic, who quit his first-round match at Wimbledon with a back injury. "So I ask him for advice if he can tell me something about the players."
The tips on Pouille appeared accurate as Novak raced into a two-set lead in less than an hour.
However, after saving two match points in the third set tiebreaker, the Frenchman found his rhythm, hitting 15 winners in the fourth set to level.
Novak's self-belief was brought under further scrutiny when he allowed Pouille to cancel out an early break at the beginning of the fifth set, but the Austrian rallied to win four games in a row and seal victory in just short of three hours.
In the back of his mind were the words of encouragement he has received from seventh-ranked Thiem.
"He just tells me he knows how good I can play, and he really believes in me, and that's what makes me feel really good and comfortable," Novak said.
Novak, who made his Grand Slam debut in a first round defeat to Grigor Dimitrov at the Australian Open earlier this season, is playing the fourth grass-court tournament of his career.
His ranking prevented him from entering second-tier, let alone ATP, warmup events for Wimbledon, but having come through three rounds of qualifying in London, Novak is taking a liking to the surface.
"I don't know if I'm a specialist but I think my game is OK for grass," Novak said. "I return good, I have a flat backhand and I serve good."
His next challenge is a matchup with 2016 runner-up Milos Raonic, who at 147mph (236kph), delivered the second fastest serve in Wimbledon history as he advanced in straight sets against John Millman.
"I know he's around Dominic Thiem quite a bit, I think they train together," Raonic said. "I know I haven't seen him play... I have 48 hours to learn as much as I can."
Raonic's best preparation might be recalling what Thiem's tactics were last time he faced him.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
It's hard to believe that a great power could commit a gigantic atrocity more or less in secret and then keep the secret for decades. Yet this happened with the man-made Ukrainian famine of 1933, perpetrated by the Soviet Union. About 3.9 million Ukrainians died of hunger, under Joseph Stalin's cruel direction. For a long time, most of the world remained ignorant of this colossal crime. When the truth finally came out, many treated the story as dubious, possibly false.
Ukraine's greatest natural asset was also the source of its tragedy: the rich black soil that produced vast quantities of wheat. In 1917, when the tsar was dethroned and Russia was in chaos, Ukrainians began planning the independent nation they had imagined for a long time. They marched in nationalist parades, held meetings and discussed the democratic reforms they wanted. But they were surrounded by potential enemies, all of them mainly interested in their wheat. The Red Army of the revolution, the White army of the old regime, the armies of Germany and Austria — they all had plans to occupy Ukraine and grab its wheat.
Anne Applebaum, a Washington Post writer and an expert on eastern Europe, tells this tale in a deeply absorbing new book — Red Famine: Stalin's War on Ukraine (McClelland and Stewart). It illustrates that Ukraine's recent struggle to remain free of Russia is a continuation of conflicts that go back to Stalin and beyond.
When the truth finally came out, many treated the story as dubious, possibly false
In January 1918, Lenin sent soldiers into Ukraine to assert the power of the Bolshevik revolution and discourage nationalism. The Bolshevik commanding officer ordered the execution of those suspected of being nationalists. Soldiers shot anyone who spoke Ukrainian in public.
Lenin had no patience for Ukrainian nationalists. He knew the place mainly as Southwest Russia, the breadbasket of the region. Food was a major political tool. His army needed bread, and so did the cities that he was drawing into the Bolshevik cause. In January 1918, he wrote to the Red Army commander on the scene: “For God's sake, use all energy and all revolutionary measures to send grain, grain and more grain!! Otherwise, Petrograd may starve to death. Collect and store.” Revolutionary measures apparently meant theft and, when necessary, killing.
In the 1930s, with Lenin dead and Stalin his successor, Ukraine faced a harsher enemy. Stalin's food program called for peasants to give up their land and join collective farms. He particularly disliked the Ukrainian “kulaks,” who were slightly more prosperous, and therefore more dangerous, than poor peasants. Kulaks were turned out of their homes and sent to labour camps. At the peak of the crisis, in 1933, policemen barged into their farmhouses and seized everything that could be eaten — not just grain but potatoes, squash, peas, everything in the cupboards.
Policemen barged into homes and seized everything that could be eaten. Everything in the cupboards
Whole villages were without food. When a train stopped, people would surround it, begging the passengers for anything to eat. Robbed by the government of even the food they had grown, peasants were dying in waves. Ukrainians invented a new word for this intentional disaster, Holodomor, based on their language's term for “kill by starvation.”
Raphael Lemkin, the Pole who invented the word genocide, said Ukraine was the classic example. Stalin murdered both individuals and a culture and nation, erasing the very idea of a free Ukraine. For decades, the Ukrainian language was demoted, Ukrainian history was not taught.
As for the famine, it was never to be acknowledged — not in the newspapers or radio, not in public discussion, never in the schools. Peasants, believing this crime should be eventually revealed, wrote secret diaries of their experience and hid them. They wanted their descendants, if there were any, to know the truth.
After the Second World War, Ukrainians who settled in the U.S., Canada and elsewhere wanted to tell their story. It was now the most powerful event in their history but few North Americans were interested. Ukrainians were hurt that their experience remained unknown, even in the democracies. In Toronto, the Holdomor Research and Education Consortium began collecting information and funding scholarship.
Ukrainians were hurt that their experience remained unknown, even in the democracies
A few independent scholars in the West believed the famine should be revealed. One was Robert Conquest, an English-American historian and poet, a Stanford University expert on the Soviet Union. In 1986, he wrote The Harvest of Sorrow, a collection of all that was known about the famine.
Controversy surrounded Conquest — he was said to be “right wing,” therefore eager to libel the Soviets. Many people, perhaps ex-communists who had abandoned the faith, still didn't like to hear that the Soviet Union had committed this dreadful crime. They became “famine deniers.” Douglas Tottle's book, Fraud, Famine, and Fascism: The Ukrainian Genocide Myth (1987), claimed that the “famine-genocide” was a hoax, dreamed up by former Nazis, anti-communists and Ukrainian nationalists. It was published by the pro-communist Progress Publishers in Toronto; Applebaum writes that it was inspired by the Soviet propaganda machine. As late as 1988 the Village Voice in New York carried a piece of denial, arguing that the “myth” was feeding right-wing opinion.
In 1991, as the Soviet Union collapsed, Ukraine emerged as a sovereign state, and a new class of Ukrainian nationalists appeared — historians, archivists, journalists and publishers, all intent on giving the people back their history. The secrets were exposed, the culture was alive again and the Ukrainians had nothing more to worry about except Vladimir Putin.
National Post
robert.fulford@utoronto.ca
Tell me what's wrong with selfies.
All of us, even me, see someone stretching their arm out in the street, making their friends crunch in behind them, and silently judge them. Just a little bit.
Why?
Face it, selfie culture is our culture. It's permeated almost every facet of our lives. And even though we judge the people with selfie sticks, you can bet we will take the same selfie in the same place as soon as that person moves out of the way. So we might as well embrace it.
The criticism that generally gets thrown around is that we focus too much on the picture and not enough on the experience.
That's fair. But I think we've managed to find a balance.
Selfies, posed pictures and impromptu photo shoots are just another way of bonding. Look me in the eye and tell me you don't feel even the slightest bit affirmed when your new friend takes a selfie with you.
You don't take selfies with just anyone, after all.
I'll cede the point that taking constant, vain, selfies probably isn't a help to anyone. But if it makes you feel confident about yourself, go for it. I'll probably scroll past it on Instagram, but besides that it has no impact on my life.
As far as I see it, the people who take selfies aren't these people. The bigger culture is surrounding groups of people who want to remember doing whatever they're doing through a photograph.
We've always done this. The only thing different is the person taking the picture.
Most of us are not using selfies, or photos in general, to focus on ourselves. We force our friends to be in them, or we cut out everything but our eyes so we can get the view behind us. We send Snapchat videos of our friends doing stupid shit, and if it's funny enough we save it.
The only difference is it's an iPhone and Cloud saving the footage instead of a video camera.
I'm not saying everything we do should be about that selfie moment. Not everything is a photo-op.
I'm saying that there's nothing wrong with snapping a selfie with your friend on a night out in Oxford, you probably won't remember it anyway.
There's nothing wrong with hyperextending your arms in order to fit the entire background in the frame. The older generation may not approve, but when have they ever?
Back in the day, the new generation had rock ‘n' roll, hippie culture, those terrible 1980s outfits. As far as I know, the older generation was never too keen on those trends.
There's always going to be criticism. There are always going to be people who say we're dumb and wrong, that we're disconnected.
They clearly have never had a group of people shining phone lights on you to improve your lighting, while three others yell out posing tips and two people snap pics in portrait mode to make sure they get the best angle.
It's technological and the origin is inorganic, sure. But the experiences it captures are natural and as free as what's come before.
burnskl2@miamioh.edu
Comments
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – A male was caught on surveillance footage placing a card skimming device on an ATM machine, according to Tampa police.
Investigators released two images of the suspect and are asking for the public's help in identifying and capturing the man accused of placing a skimming device on an ATM machine at the GTE Financial Credit Union on Feb 11 on Dale Mabry Highway.
Officials said the device was placed on the machine around 2 p.m. and was discovered after a customer drove to the ATM and felt “resistance when they inserted their card into the card reader,” according to a police media release.
The suspect is described as a male in his late 20's to mid 30's with brown hair. Investigators do not know what type of vehicle the suspect was driving at the time.
Tampa Police Detectives Want to ID Suspect Who Placed Skimmer on ATM
Crime Stoppers of Tampa Bay is offering a reward of up to $3,000 for information that leads to the identification and arrest of the unknown suspect involved in this case. Anyone with any information regarding the identity of the suspect and who wants to be eligible for a cash reward is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-873-TIPS (8477)
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
>> back to WFLA.com for more top stories
When Jack Mooney (Ardal O'Hanlon) arrives in Saint Marie with a suitcase full of short-sleeved shirts and bad ties, he is accompanied by his daughter Siobhan – but not for long.
Advertisement
Siobhan Mooney – played by newcomer Death in Paradise Grace Stone – is immediately popular on the island. She may be grieving for her late mother whose loss is keenly felt by both father and daughter, but she has a sunny personality and immediately throws herself into island life. Mature beyond her years, Siobhan helps Jack to settle in as the Caribbean's new top cop.
But with her whole life ahead of her, she can't stay for ever. In episode one she tells her father she has accepted a place at university back in the UK. Before it can even sink in, she packs her bags and heads for the airport.
Who is Grace Stone, the actress who places Siobhan in Death in Paradise?
23-year-old actress Grace Stone is a relative newcomer to acting. She played a young mother in Call the Midwife in 2016, and then made an appearance in Doctors later in the same year.
UK fans!! 4 hrs till #callthemidwife! A young mum worries about her husband's commitment… pic.twitter.com/BtbRJqTAjS — Call The Midwife (@CallTheMidwife1) February 28, 2016
More recently she appeared in Netflix's The Crown, playing a bride (Anne Tennant) in Princess Margaret's episode Beryl.
Will Siobhan Mooney appear in this series of Death in Paradise?
Yes – but only for a bit.
At the end of series six, both father and daughter agreed to stay in Saint Marie and DI Jack Mooney accepted the job as DI Humphrey Goodman's replacement. But while her dad is out fighting crime and solving murders, Siobhan is at a loose end.
She has already deferred her place at university by a year, so now she must make a decision: should she return to England and leave her dad behind in the Caribbean? What does her future look like?
[SPOILERS FOR EPISODE ONE]
“It kind of comes as a bit of a bombshell to Jack actually, that she does leave in the first episode,” O'Hanlon tells us.
Wasn't she going to stay in Saint Marie with her father?
“Yeah and he thought that too, so he took that for granted,” O'Hanlon explains. “So I think there is actually quite a poignant moment for Jack in episode one when he realises that his life is changing really irrevocably.
“I think he really has to grow up a bit, actually. He was clearly a man who got on with his work and he had sort of – he had his wife doing everything for him probably and then his daughter, and then suddenly he's on his own. He's unmoored.
Advertisement
“And that's an interesting place to start the series, actually, he's quite unmoored from his home, his work, his family, everything. So now he's totally on his own, probably for the first time in his life, and he has to make his way. He has to reinvent himself.”
A vehicle accident took place on W. Pike St. Sunday around 8 a.m.
The accident resulted in a tree falling on W. Pike Street, which prompted officials to temporarily close the road.
Clarksburg Police along with DOH crews worked to clean up debris, direct traffic and work to remove the tree hours after the accident.
Stay with 12 News for updates on this developing story.
Ahmedu Bello University Teaching Hospital Zaria 2016/2017 Admission Ongoing
This is to inform the general public and interested applicants that applications are hereby invited from interested and suitably qualified candidates for admission into the following Schools/Training Programmes in ABU Teaching Hospital Zaria for 2017/2018 academic session. 1. SCHOOL OF NURSING This School offers a three (3) year basic general nursing training to suitable candidates …
The post Ahmedu Bello University Teaching Hospital Zaria 2016/2017 Admission Ongoing appeared first on Students Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018--The global biotech seeds market is expected to register a CAGR of almost 10% during the period 2018-2022, according to the latest market research report by .
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005156/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global biotech seeds market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
A key factor driving the market's growth is the increased advantages offered by biotech seeds. The biotech seeds offer a wide range of advantages such as increased agricultural productivity and reduced need for environmentally harmful pesticides. They also offer advantages such as greater resistance to insects and longer shelf life than normal seeds. In addition, they require less cultivation and fewer pesticide applications.
This market research report on the provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook during the forecast period. Technavio predicts an emerging trend as a major factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
In this report, Technavio highlights the global rise in demand for biofuels as one of the key emerging trends in the global biotech seeds market:
Global biotech seeds market: Global rise in demand for biofuels
The increase in concerns about environmental pollution among the people has resulted in an increase in the adoption of eco-friendly fuels. This has led to a rise in demand for biofuels. Biofuels are made up of energy crops such as wheat, sugarcane, soybean, and corn. Biofuels can also be manufactured using the GM versions of these energy crops.
“The use of biofuels provides sustainability for the environment, reduces the consumption of fossil fuels, and limits pollution. Some of the major countries that produce biofuel are the US, Brazil, Germany, China, Argentina, and France. In November 2017, several countries agreed to develop targets for biofuels and the bioeconomy and construct an action plan to achieve them,” says a senior analyst at Technavio for research on agricultural equipment.
Global biotech seeds market: Segmentation analysis
This market research report segments the global biotech seeds market by crop type (soybean seeds, corn seeds, cotton seeds, and canola seeds) and key regions (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA).
The Americas held the highest share of the global biotech seeds market in 2017, accounting for a market share of more than 37%. The market share occupied by this region is anticipated to increase by almost 1% during 2018-2022.
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Some of the key topics covered in the report include:
Market Landscape
Market ecosystem Market characteristics Market segmentation analysis
Market Sizing
Market sizing Market size and forecast
Five Forces Analysis
Market Segmentation
Geographical Segmentation
Regional comparison Key leading countries
Market Drivers
Market Challenges
Market Trends
Vendor Landscape
Vendors covered Vendor classification Market positioning of vendors Competitive scenario
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005156/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM EUROPE
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY NATURAL RESOURCES AGRICULTURE OTHER NATURAL RESOURCES
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 07/04/2018 09:08 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 09:08 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005156/en
Australia's PM Turnbull lampoons Trump in leaked audio
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull lampooned U.S. President Donald Trump in an audio that was leaked to the Australian media on Thursday.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
South Korea's arms sales hit record levels last year, pushed by the continuous military threat from North Korea, complicated relations with China and a government decision to increase domestic arms production, a Swedish think tank said Monday.
The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, or SIPRI, reported that arms sales by South Korean companies included in its latest study of the world's 100 largest arms producers stood at $8.4 billion in 2016, up 21 percent from the previous year. The figure covers only those South Korean companies ranked in the study, not the country's entire defense industry.
SIPRI researcher Aude Fleurant said Seoul has been developing its own arms production since the 1970s to reduce dependency on foreign suppliers because of "threat perception in the region," and the results are now being seen.
She said South Korean weapons producers have seen a steady sales increase over the past few years, supported also by the Asian country's economic growth.
"The South Korean ministry of defense now procures its weapons from domestic producers, instead of importing them from foreign suppliers," noted Fleurant, director for SIPRI's arms and military expenditure program.
SIPRI's report, published Monday, said the world's 100 biggest armaments groups sold weapons and weapons systems worth $375 billion in 2016, up 2 percent from 2015.
The vast bulk of these companies derive from the United States, Russia and Western Europe. SIPRI counts China as a top arms manufacturer, too, but it's excluded in the statistics as no reliable data is available.
2017/2018 Premier League fixtures for Chelsea, Arsenal, Man Utd., others
Here are the 2017/2018 Premier League fixtures for Arsenal, Chelsea, Manchester City, Liverpool and Manchester United.
Arsenal Fixtures
AUGUST 2017 12/08/2017 15:00 Arsenal v Leicester City 19/08/2017 15:00 Stoke City v Arsenal 26/08/2017 15:00 Liverpool v Arsenal SEPTEMBER 2017 09/09/2017 15:00 Arsenal v Bournemouth 16/09/2017 15:00 Chelsea v Arsenal 23/09/2017 15:00 Arsenal v West Bromwich Albion 30/09/2017 15:00 Arsenal v Brighton and Hove Albion OCTOBER 2017 14/10/2017 15:00 Watford v Arsenal 21/10/2017 15:00 Everton v Arsenal 28/10/2017 15:00 Arsenal v Swansea City NOVEMBER 2017 04/11/2017 15:00 Manchester City v Arsenal 18/11/2017 15:00 Arsenal v Tottenham Hotspur 25/11/2017 15:00 Burnley v Arsenal 28/11/2017 19:45 Arsenal v Huddersfield Town DECEMBER 2017 02/12/2017 15:00 Arsenal v Manchester United 09/12/2017 15:00 Southampton v Arsenal 12/12/2017 19:45 West Ham United v Arsenal 16/12/2017 15:00 Arsenal v Newcastle United 23/12/2017 15:00 Arsenal v Liverpool 26/12/2017 15:00 Crystal Palace v Arsenal 30/12/2017 15:00 West Bromwich Albion v Arsenal JANUARY 2018 01/01/2018 15:00 Arsenal v Chelsea 13/01/2018 15:00 Bournemouth v Arsenal 20/01/2018 15:00 Arsenal v Crystal Palace 30/01/2018 19:45 Swansea City v Arsenal FEBRUARY 2018 03/02/2018 15:00 Arsenal v Everton 10/02/2018 15:00 Tottenham Hotspur v Arsenal 24/02/2018 15:00 Arsenal v Manchester City MARCH 2018 03/03/2018 15:00 Brighton and Hove Albion v Arsenal 10/03/2018 15:00 Arsenal v Watford 17/03/2018 15:00 Leicester City v Arsenal 31/03/2018 15:00 Arsenal v Stoke City APRIL 2018 07/04/2018 15:00 Arsenal v Southampton 14/04/2018 15:00 Newcastle United v Arsenal 21/04/2018 15:00 Arsenal v West Ham United 28/04/2018 15:00 Manchester United v Arsenal MAY 2018 05/05/2018 15:00 Arsenal v Burnley 13/05/2018 15:00 Huddersfield Town v Arsenal
Manchester City Fixtures
AUGUST 2017 12/08/2017 15:00 Brighton and Hove Albion v Manchester City 19/08/2017 15:00 Manchester City v Everton 26/08/2017 15:00 Bournemouth v Manchester City SEPTEMBER 2017 09/09/2017 15:00 Manchester City v Liverpool 16/09/2017 15:00 Watford v Manchester City 23/09/2017 15:00 Manchester City v Crystal Palace 30/09/2017 15:00 Chelsea v Manchester City OCTOBER 2017 14/10/2017 15:00 Manchester City v Stoke City 21/10/2017 15:00 Manchester City v Burnley 28/10/2017 15:00 West Bromwich Albion v Manchester City NOVEMBER 2017 04/11/2017 15:00 Manchester City v Arsenal 18/11/2017 15:00 Leicester City v Manchester City 25/11/2017 15:00 Huddersfield Town v Manchester City 29/11/2017 20:00 Manchester City v Southampton DECEMBER 2017 02/12/2017 15:00 Manchester City v West Ham United 09/12/2017 15:00 Manchester United v Manchester City 12/12/2017 19:45 Swansea City v Manchester City 16/12/2017 15:00 Manchester City v Tottenham Hotspur 23/12/2017 15:00 Manchester City v Bournemouth 26/12/2017 15:00 Newcastle United v Manchester City 30/12/2017 15:00 Crystal Palace v Manchester City JANUARY 2018 01/01/2018 15:00 Manchester City v Watford 13/01/2018 15:00 Liverpool v Manchester City 20/01/2018 15:00 Manchester City v Newcastle United 31/01/2018 20:00 Manchester City v West Bromwich Albion FEBRUARY 2018 03/02/2018 15:00 Burnley v Manchester City 10/02/2018 15:00 Manchester City v Leicester City 24/02/2018 15:00 Arsenal v Manchester City MARCH 2018 03/03/2018 15:00 Manchester City v Chelsea 10/03/2018 15:00 Stoke City v Manchester City 17/03/2018 15:00 Manchester City v Brighton and Hove Albion 31/03/2018 15:00 Everton v Manchester City APRIL 2018 07/04/2018 15:00 Manchester City v Manchester United 14/04/2018 15:00 Tottenham Hotspur v Manchester City 21/04/2018 15:00 Manchester City v Swansea City 28/04/2018 15:00 West Ham United v Manchester City MAY 2018 05/05/2018 15:00 Manchester City v Huddersfield Town 13/05/2018 15:00 Southampton v Manchester City
Manchester United Fixtures
AUGUST 2017 12/08/2017 15:00 Manchester United v West Ham United 19/08/2017 15:00 Swansea City v Manchester United 26/08/2017 15:00 Manchester United v Leicester City SEPTEMBER 2017 09/09/2017 15:00 Stoke City v Manchester United 16/09/2017 15:00 Manchester United v Everton 23/09/2017 15:00 Southampton v Manchester United 30/09/2017 15:00 Manchester United v Crystal Palace OCTOBER 2017 14/10/2017 15:00 Liverpool v Manchester United 21/10/2017 15:00 Huddersfield Town v Manchester United 28/10/2017 15:00 Manchester United v Tottenham NOVEMBER 2017 04/11/2017 15:00 Chelsea v Manchester United 18/11/2017 15:00 Manchester United v Newcastle United 25/11/2017 15:00 Manchester United v Brighton and Hove Albion 28/11/2017 19:45 Watford v Manchester United DECEMBER 2017 02/12/2017 15:00 Arsenal v Manchester United 09/12/2017 15:00 Manchester United v Manchester City 12/12/2017 20:00 Manchester United v Bournemouth 16/12/2017 15:00 West Bromwich Albion v Manchester United 23/12/2017 15:00 Leicester City v Manchester United 26/12/2017 15:00 Manchester United v Burnley 30/12/2017 15:00 Manchester United v Southampton JANUARY 2018 01/01/2018 15:00 Everton v Manchester United 13/01/2018 15:00 Manchester United v Stoke City 20/01/2018 15:00 Burnley v Manchester United 31/01/2018 20:00 Tottenham v Manchester United FEBRUARY 2018 03/02/2018 15:00 Manchester United v Huddersfield Town 10/02/2018 15:00 Newcastle United v Manchester United 24/02/2018 15:00 Manchester United v Chelsea MARCH 2018 03/03/2018 15:00 Crystal Palace v Manchester United 10/03/2018 15:00 Manchester United v Liverpool 17/03/2018 15:00 West Ham United v Manchester United 31/03/2018 15:00 Manchester United v Swansea City APRIL 2018 07/04/2018 15:00 Manchester City v Manchester United 14/04/2018 15:00 Manchester United v West Bromwich Albion 21/04/2018 15:00 Bournemouth v Manchester United 28/04/2018 15:00 Manchester United v Arsenal MAY 2018 05/05/2018 15:00 Brighton and Hove Albion v Manchester United 13/05/2018 15:00 Manchester United v Watford
Chelsea FC Fixtures
AUGUST 2017 12/08/2017 15:00 Chelsea v Burnley 19/08/2017 15:00 Tottenham Hotspur v Chelsea 26/08/2017 15:00 Chelsea v Everton SEPTEMBER 2017 09/09/2017 15:00 Leicester City v Chelsea 16/09/2017 15:00 Chelsea v Arsenal 23/09/2017 15:00 Stoke City v Chelsea 30/09/2017 15:00 Chelsea v Manchester City OCTOBER 2017 14/10/2017 15:00 Crystal Palace v Chelsea 21/10/2017 15:00 Chelsea v Watford 28/10/2017 15:00 Bournemouth v Chelsea NOVEMBER 2017 04/11/2017 15:00 Chelsea v Manchester United 18/11/2017 15:00 West Bromwich Albion v Chelsea 25/11/2017 15:00 Liverpool v Chelsea 29/11/2017 19:45 Chelsea v Swansea City DECEMBER 2017 02/12/2017 15:00 Chelsea v Newcastle United 09/12/2017 15:00 West Ham United v Chelsea 12/12/2017 19:45 Huddersfield Town v Chelsea 16/12/2017 15:00 Chelsea v Southampton 23/12/2017 15:00 Everton v Chelsea 26/12/2017 15:00 Chelsea v Brighton and Hove Albion 30/12/2017 15:00 Chelsea v Stoke City JANUARY 2018 01/01/2018 15:00 Arsenal v Chelsea 13/01/2018 15:00 Chelsea v Leicester City 20/01/2018 15:00 Brighton and Hove Albion v Chelsea 31/01/2018 19:45 Chelsea v Bournemouth FEBURARY 2018 03/02/2018 15:00 Watford v Chelsea 10/02/2018 15:00 Chelsea v West Bromwich Albion 24/02/2018 15:00 Manchester United v Chelsea MARCH 2018 03/03/2018 15:00 Manchester City v Chelsea 10/03/2018 15:00 Chelsea v Crystal Palace 17/03/2018 15:00 Burnley v Chelsea 31/03/2018 15:00 Chelsea v Tottenham Hotspur APRIL 2018 07/04/2018 15:00 Chelsea v West Ham United 14/04/2018 15:00 Southampton v Chelsea 21/04/2018 15:00 Chelsea v Huddersfield Town 28/04/2018 15:00 Swansea City v Chelsea MAY 2018 05/05/2018 15:00 Chelsea v Liverpool 13/05/2018 15:00 Newcastle United v Chelsea
Liverpool FC Fixtures
AUGUST 2017 12/08/2017 15:00 Watford v Liverpool 19/08/2017 15:00 Liverpool v Crystal Palace 26/08/2017 15:00 Liverpool v Arsenal SEPTEMBER 2017 09/09/2017 15:00 Manchester City v Liverpool 16/09/2017 15:00 Liverpool v Burnley 23/09/2017 15:00 Leicester City v Liverpool 30/09/2017 15:00 Newcastle United v Liverpool OCTOBER 2017 14/10/2017 15:00 Liverpool v Manchester United 21/10/2017 15:00 Tottenham Hotspur v Liverpool 28/10/2017 15:00 Liverpool v Huddersfield Town NOVEMBER 2017 04/11/2017 15:00 West Ham United v Liverpool 18/11/2017 15:00 Liverpool v Southampton 25/11/2017 15:00 Liverpool v Chelsea 29/11/2017 20:00 Stoke City v Liverpool DECEMBER 2017 02/12/2017 15:00 Brighton and Hove Albion v Liverpool 09/12/2017 15:00 Liverpool v Everton 13/12/2017 20:00 Liverpool v West Bromwich Albion 16/12/2017 15:00 Bournemouth v Liverpool 23/12/2017 15:00 Arsenal v Liverpool 26/12/2017 15:00 Liverpool v Swansea City 30/12/2017 15:00 Liverpool v Leicester City JANUARY 2018 01/01/2018 15:00 Burnley v Liverpool 13/01/2018 15:00 Liverpool v Manchester City 20/01/2018 15:00 Swansea City v Liverpool 30/01/2018 19:45 Huddersfield Town v Liverpool FEBRUARY 2018 03/02/2018 15:00 Liverpool v Tottenham Hotspur 10/02/2018 15:00 Southampton v Liverpool 24/02/2018 15:00 Liverpool v West Ham United MARCH 2018 03/03/2018 15:00 Liverpool v Newcastle United 10/03/2018 15:00 Manchester United v Liverpool 17/03/2018 15:00 Liverpool v Watford 31/03/2018 15:00 Crystal Palace v Liverpool APRIL 2018 07/04/2018 15:00 Everton v Liverpool 14/04/2018 15:00 Liverpool v Bournemouth 21/04/2018 15:00 West Bromwich Albion v Liverpool 28/04/2018 15:00 Liverpool v Stoke City MAY 2018 05/05/2018 15:00 Chelsea v Liverpool 13/05/2018 15:00 Liverpool v Brighton and Hove Albion
This post was syndicated from Nigeria News, Headlines and Opinions – The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President Reuven Rivlin spoke Wednesday at the memorial ceremony for casualties of the Altalena incident of 1948, during which soldiers of the newly-created IDF were ordered to fire on the “Altalena” ship, on which Irgun fighters carried arms to Israel's shore for the War of Independence. The ceremony took place in the Nahalat Yitzhak cemetery in Givatayim.
The ceremony was attended by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Chairman of the Irgun Martyrs' Association Yair Assiskovitz.
"Seventy years have passed since the command was given, since the lights were extinguished, the light of reason and human discourse, the light of mutual responsibility, and as always in our history when one man raises his hand against his brother, the shock hits the foundations and the house trembles."
"Seventy years have passed and the wound has not yet healed, and that's a good thing. There are wounds that must remain open, so that we do not think we can just go on," Rivlin added. There was never an incident like the Altalena. An order to our soldiers - to fire on our soldiers? This is inconceivable. We did not think that in the course of a war of survival, they would kill defenders of the land, fighters from among the best of the people, the remnants of the camps who came to fight for the people and the land. Brothers."
"Seventy years later, we must salute the Altalena fighters not only for their devotion, but mainly for the fact that even though they received crossfire, brothers' fire, they did not respond. They did not meet fire with fire, they did not meet death with death.”
"This was the most important lesson that the young State of Israel, the young Israeli society, learned. The most difficult and painful disputes we will not resolve by force, as Menachem Begin said: ‘My brother, I call you: Do not raise your hand on a brother.' Even today, the lesson of the Altalena is not to stop talking. Brothers have to talk to each other. "
Rivlin concluded by saying: "The heroes of Israel, the fighters of the Altalena, even after seventy years we salute you. May their memory be blessed." At the end of the ceremony, the president and the prime minister placed bouquets of flowers on the graves of the fallen.
Deutsche Bank eyes cuts to investment bank
Germany's biggest lender Deutsche Bank could slash parts of its troubled investment banking division this week, media reports suggested Tuesday, as new chief executive Christian Sewing looks to make his mark quickly.
Reforms to the unit could see “extensive” cuts to equities trading in the United States as part of a broader transformation, Bloomberg News reported, citing people familiar with the plans.
German business daily Handelsblatt reported the reforms could see parts of equities trading and services for hedge fund investors trimmed back.
Deutsche Bank declined to comment on the reports when contacted by AFP.
Renewed speculation that Deutsche will announce changes at its investment banking division along with its first-quarter results on Thursday come weeks after crisis firefighter CEO John Cryan was ousted after less than three years in post.
Investors and the bank's supervisory board were unhappy with the British boss's failure to bring the bank back to profitability after years of hangover from its attempt to go toe-to-toe with global investment banking giants.
Deutsche booked a 751-million-euro ($916.5 million) loss last year and saw a 12-percent slump in revenues, its third set of red figures in a row.
The bank said the profits plunge was a one-off due mostly to US President Donald Trump's tax reform.
But Cryan's push to refocus the bank on its core German business of retail banking and lending to the economy was advancing too slowly to satisfy shareholders and interventionist supervisory board chair Paul Achleitner.
Sewing urged the bank's 95,000 employees to rediscover their “hunter mindset” to turn the lender around in a note soon after his nomination to the top job.
But he added that “we will look to free up capacity for growth by pulling back from those areas where we are not sufficiently profitable”.
Also on Tuesday, Deutsche announced that Frank Kuhnke — like Sewing a Deutsche Bank lifer — will become chief operating officer, overseeing its highly-complex and much-criticised IT infrastructure.
The size of the task for the infrastructure boss was made clear last week, when Deutsche mistakenly transferred 28 billion euros — more than its own market value — into an external account.
Shares in Deutsche Bank strongly outperformed the DAX index of blue-chip German shares, gaining 3.6 percent around 1600 (1400 GMT) in Frankfurt to trade at 12.11 euros.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Facebook
Facebook took the rare step on Thursday of asking its more than two billion users to review and make choices on privacy details such as facial recognition and the advertising information they've chosen to share on their profile.
If you haven't been prompted with this screen, you can find answers from Facebook here detailing how to do everything from turning off facial recognition to selecting the audience for the posts you share.
Twitter
Twitter is a lot like shouting in a crowded bar -- and it's up to users to decide just how much they want to share.
You can adjust your Twitter privacy settings here. Twitter gives users the option to delete all locations tags from their tweets, a process that can take Twitter up to 30 minutes to implement after the option is selected. The “personalization and data” section allows users to decide whether Twitter can share their data with the company's business partners and track where a user sees Twitter content across the internet.
While it creates a more personalized experience, according to Twitter, opting out still won't ruin the Twitter experience.
Instagram
Want a little more privacy on Instagram? The Facebook-owned photo sharing app has an explainer on how users can make their accounts private or opt out of being suggested to other users as an account to follow.
If you've ever connected a third party app to Instagram, it's also possible your photos may appear in Google search. Instagram's help page has a list of popular sites using their API and links to their help pages, which will explain how to revoke access to those sites.
Or, you could just make your account private.
Google
Google handles everything from search to email and maps, which means the company collects a lot of your data.
The good news is, they also have a handy portal that allows Google users to take a deep dive into what data Google is collecting and to fine-tune those controls. That includes pausing the collection of certain types of data, such as browsing activity and information from your devices.
Google makes a lot of money from its targeted ads, but users can also opt out of seeing tailored ads. Finally, want to have your mind blown? Scroll through your browsing history - Google will let you delete that, too.
In the latest skirmish in the retail wars between online and offline shopping, Target is introducing same-day delivery.
The first stores to get the new service will be stores in Birmingham, Alabama and South Florida on February 1st. The next week the service will roll out to more locations in Alabama, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee. And by the end of 2018, the rest of the country.
“Same-day delivery was at the top of our list when we were thinking about ways to make shopping at Target even easier,” said John Mulligan, Target's executive vice president and chief operating officer said in a statement.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Target begins same-day delivery as shipping wars heat up 2:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The new service will be offered in partnership with Shipt, an online grocery marketplace the retail giant acquired in December for $550 million. Customers can log into the Shipt app and purchase over 50,000 items from Target.
The service already has a network of more than 20,000 personal shoppers who buy items for shoppers and deliver them within a few hours. Shipt is hiring 100,000 more nationwide.
The offering is a new way for Target to compete with online shopping sites like Amazon, which dominates 38 percent of all online shopping, and whose whose customers have gotten used to speed, convenience, and low prices.
While Amazon does offer its own grocery delivery called Amazon Fresh, it has scaled back the number of location it's offering it after it bought Whole Foods Market. In some ways grocery still remains a final frontier where many shoppers are still willing to go out and buy the stuff in person. That's a market Target is anxious to capture and keep.
"Target clearly sees the writing on the wall. If they're going to stay competitive, they need to up their convenience game to remain competitive with the likes of Wal-Mart, Jet, and Amazon,” Darren Seifer, a food and beverage industry analyst for NPD, told NBC News.
“Particularly with Amazon that already has same day delivery in their infrastructure, and with their recent acquisition of whole foods, it now allows them to deliver groceries as well as the rest of their merchandise in many same day delivery markets.”
It's not just milk and bread either. The service will also deliver "essentials, home, electronics and other products." By the end of 2019, it will also include all Target's major product categories.
Enrolling in the Shipt program costs $99 per year. That's cheaper than AmazonFresh, which costs a $179.88 per year, on top of a $99 Prime membership.
The move comes as analysts speculate that Amazon might want to buy Target.
Business News of Tuesday, 15 August 2017
Source: citibusinessnews.com
2017-08-15
Governor of the Bank of Ghana, Dr. Ernest Kwamina Addison
The Governor of Bank of Ghana, Dr Ernest Addison, has assured the public that there are no more banks currently in distress that will call for the revocation of their licenses.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, you will recall that after the AQR [Asset Quality Review] exercise, a number of banks were not compliant with the capital adequacy ratio. I am happy to report that most of these banks have put in place credible action plans to restore the capital deficiency, and the majority of these banks are already compliant as at today, and the overall banking system remains solid and well capitalized”, the Governor said at a press conference organized at the central bank on Monday, August 14.
Two banks, UT Bank Limited and Capital Bank Limited had their licenses revoked on August 14, following what the central bank describes as “deeply insolvent”.
According to Bank of Ghana (BoG), despite repeated agreements with UT Bank and Capital Bank to put them back on track following their capital and liquidity shortfalls, the two failed to implement action plans agreed to. In effect, the Bank noted that “the owners and managers of UT Bank and Capital Bank were unable to increase the capital of the banks to address the insolvency.
“Consequently, to protect customers, the BOG has decided to revoke the licenses of UT Bank and Capital Bank under a Purchase and Assumption transaction”, BoG said.
“UT Bank and Capital Bank were heavily deficient in capital and liquidity and their continuous operation could have jeopardized not only their depositors' funds, but also posed a threat to the stability of the financial system”, the Governor added.
The Purchase and Assumption transaction model is very common in planning for the exit of banks in distress. With this model, healthy banks take over the running of unhealthy banks, significantly ensuring that the process is smooth so as to avoid any possible industry-wide problems.
“The Bank of Ghana has approved a Purchase and Assumption (P&A) transaction involving UT Bank and Capital Bank and the GCB Bank. This action was taken to protect depositors' funds and strengthen Ghana's financial sector”, the Governor emphasized during the press conference.
Building collapse: Lagos files fresh charges against Lekki gardens' MD, others
The Lagos State Government has filed an amended charge before a Lagos High Court in Igbosere against the Managing Director of Lekki Gardens Estate Limited, Richard Nyong and others over alleged negligence in the events leading to the collapse of a building in Lekki area of the State on March 10, 2016.
The State Government, through the office of the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Adeniji Kazeem, had dragged Nyong and others before Justice Sybil Nwaka over the building collapse which reportedly claimed 34 lives.
At the resumed hearing of the matter on Wednesday, the State's Director of Public Prosecution (DPP), Ms.Titilayo Shitta-Bey informed the court of the amended charge dated June 13, 2017 and additional proof of evidence filed against the defendants, saying that all the defendants have since been duly served.
Aside Nyong, other defendants are an Executive Director of Lekki Gardens, Sola Olumofe; Odofin Henry Taiwo, Omolabake Mortune, Omotilewa Oluwatosin Joseph, Lekki Gardens, Get Too Rich Investment Limited and HC Insight Solution Limited.
Earlier, Olumofe's lawyer, George Oguntade (SAN) apologized on behalf of his client for failure to previously appear in court, a development which led to the judge issuing bench warrant against him at the last adjourned date.
Oguntade said Olumofe was in the United Kingdom receiving treatment for Type 2 diabetes and high cholesterol as at the time the bench warrant was issued against him, and that he flew into the country to present himself for trial.
The lawyer, however, gave a firm commitment that his client would not travel outside the country until the matter against him is concluded.
Oguntade also moved an application urging the court to quash the charge against Olumofe on the grounds that the criminal charge disclosed no prema facie case against him, and that the prosecution failed to invite him for questioning before the charge was filed.
Responding to the application, the State's DPP (Shitta-Bey) urged the court to dismiss the application on the account of the fact that it was baseless.
Contrary to Oguntade's contention, Shitta-Bey said even Olumofe admitted in his supporting affidavit that there was nexus between him and the matter, being the lead technical professional in the making of decisions with respect to the construction of the collapsed building.
She added that aside the fact that the Attorney General has the constitutional duty to file criminal charge against anyone reasonable suspected to have committed a crime, the said Olumofe was invited by the police and the Building Collapse Prevention Guild set up by government to investigate the matter, but he failed to present himself for questioning.
After entertaining the arguments for and against the application, Justice Nwaka said there was need to hear the case expeditiously, and thereby adjourned to June 29, 2017 for ruling and arraignment.
Tragedy had struck on 10 March, 2016 when a six-storey building under construction by Lekki Gardens in Lekki area of the State collapsed and killed 34 people.
The developer was said to have added additional floor to the building against what was approved by government for construction.
Specifically, the defendants are facing six-count charges for failure to obtain building approval for the collapsed building and involuntary manslaughter, offences contrary to and punishable under Section 75 (1) of the Urban and Regional Planning and Development Law of Lagos State 2010, and Section 229 of Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015 respectively.
The government also listed some of the victims to include William Akpati (M), Kazeem Ilesanmi (M), Raphael Ezeh (M), Saminu Umar (M) and Sunday Ezeh (M).
The post Building collapse: Lagos files fresh charges against Lekki gardens' MD, others appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Actress Cynthia Nixon, best-known for her role on the TV series "Sex and the City," has officially thrown her hat into the ring, announcing Monday that she is running for governor of New York.Nixon released a video in which she signaled a challenge to business as usual in Albany and a vision of a New York that works for the many, not just the few."I love New York. I've never lived anywhere else," says Nixon in the video, which shows her starting her day at home with her wife Christine and son Charlie and walking her son Max to school. "But something has to change. We want our government to work again, on healthcare, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway. We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us. It can't just be business as usual anymore."Nixon will challenge incumbent Governor Andrew Cuomo. A new poll released Monday shows him holding big leads over two potential Republican challengers and Nixon.The Siena College poll found that registered voters in New York state prefer Cuomo over Dutchess County Executive Marc Molinaro by 57 percent to 29 percent. They also favor Cuomo over state Sen. John DeFrancisco, of Syracuse, 57 percent to 28 percent, according to the poll. Democrats overwhelmingly favor Cuomo over Nixon, a potential primary challenger, by 66 percent to 19 percent.Nixon, a 51-year-old gay liberal activist, is a supporter of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, a fellow Democrat who often clashes with Cuomo on a variety of issues.According to Siena pollster Steven Greenberg, Nixon "is far from a household name in New York, though she is better known than either Molinaro or DeFrancisco."Nixon grew up in New York City, where she was raised by her single mother in a one bedroom, fifth-floor walk-up apartment. She began working as an actor when she was 12 years old to earn money to pay for her college education, and she was able to put herself through Barnard College at Columbia University.She attended New York City public schools, and her three children are all New York City public school students or graduates. She would be the first woman elected to New York's highest office, and its first LGBTQ governor as well.
LONDON — Three more England cricketers were punished Friday for off-field misbehaviour, a week after Ben Stokes and Alex Hales were suspended from national-team duty following an incident on a night out.
Jonny Bairstow, Jake Ball and Liam Plunkett each accepted a written warning and were handed an undisclosed fine, the England and Wales Cricket Board said, following an investigation into their “unprofessional conduct” during the recent ODI series against the West Indies.
The investigation was unrelated to that involving Stokes and Hales, who have been suspended on full pay and are the subject of a separate disciplinary hearing.
Stokes was arrested after video footage purportedly showed England's test vice-captain throwing punches in a street fight. Hales was out with Stokes that night and both are under investigation.
As it stands, Stokes will not travel with England for the upcoming tour of Australia despite being selected in the squad. England's players fly out on Oct. 28 and the tour starts Nov. 4.
“No final decision has been taken on his involvement in Australia,” England said Friday about Stokes.
To cover for the potential absence of Stokes, England added fast bowler Steven Finn to its 16-man test squad for the Ashes series.
Stokes and Hales did have their central contracts renewed, however.
Lead engineers for Microsoft Identity Services Sarat Subramaniam, offers a detailed overview of Azure Active Directory B2B collaboration, now generally available. The Azure AD B2B service simplifies the secure sharing of your Apps and services with your external business partners and colleagues. It allows users to easily share common Apps and services to collaborate with their peers and IT to add and manage these external users without having to add them to the corporate directory or requiring partners to have Azure Active Directory in place. Further, conditional access authorization policies – including Multi-factor authentication enabled by Azure Active Directory keep data safe. Learn more at: aka.ms/AddB2Busers
This video is from the fine folks at Microsoft.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Diplo has a brand-new look, and it's his hottest yet.
Related: Diplo Donates $100k to Vegas Victims' Relief Fund
The notorious DJ took it upon himself to join Kanye West's Yeezy Season 6 promo campaign, sharing his own inimitable take on a recent photo shoot for the collection.
In case you missed it, the shoot features the likes of Paris Hilton, model Amina Blue and adult film actress Lela Star all posing as Kim Kardashian from a series of famous paparazzi photos.
Diplo hopped on social media to share his very unofficial contribution to the campaign, which is quite frankly, flawless.
See the stunning results below.
Don't just take our word for it. Kim Kardashian herself has seen the photos, and she's all about them, sharing her response on Twitter.
A topless Diplo rocking a waist-length blond wig is one very hot Diplo. Here's hoping he holds onto this edgy new style for a while.
Nigeria key to Africa's prosperity, stability –US – The Punch
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Jeff Butts and John Martellaro join Jeff Gamet to look at Google's new hardware announcements and voice control, plus they have some thoughts on the new social network service XikiHub.
TDO 2017-10-06: Google's New Hardware Jeff Butts and John Martellaro join Jeff Gamet to look at Google's new hardware announcements and voice control, plus they have some thoughts on the new social network service XikiHub.
Prue Leith has confirmed that she has auditioned for The Great British Bake Off and is “certainly one of the runners” to land the coveted job.
RadioTimes.com revealed that the 76-year-old had been shortlisted for the job, "but she hasn't had the OK from Channel 4, so as far as we're concerned it's not confirmed.
“She's definitely part of it – as are quite a few others," the source said.
Now Leith has revealed that after having “two auditions” and “lots of meetings”, she is close but there is one other person alongside her still in the running to replace Mary Berry when the show moves from the BBC to Channel 4.
Leith was speaking at a charity event when she said: “I can wish. I can dream. I've had two auditions with them and lots of meetings.
"So I mean I think I'm close but I know there are two people in the running. One other person,” the BBC reports her as saying.
"Of course I'd love to do it. Who wouldn't want to do it?"
Leith also said that she'd known Berry “for years” and that she “loved it”.
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches.
The whale's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove, but has become an urgent issue for the village.
Hank Diamond, a member of the local service district committee, says Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors, and is hoping for provincial assistance.
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality's responsibility.
The process will likely involve towing the body to another location to decompose, or be buried away from a settlement.
Dead smelly whales are not uncommon an issue for seaside Newfoundlanders: Last June, a dead humpback was lifted by crane in Outer Cove, N.L., and taken to a disposal site.
VERSAILLES – The Versailles softball team beat Tri-Village 6-1 on Monday.
The game was scoreless until the bottom half of the third inning when Versailles scored two runs. The Tigers then added one run in the fifth and three in the sixth to lead 6-0 before Tri-Village scored its lone run of the game in the top of the seventh.
Versailles had seven hits and two errors while Tri-Village had five hits and three errors.
Versailles' Kami McEldowney was 3-for-4 with a home run, two doubles, a stolen base, a RBI and two runs. Hallie Mills was 2-for-2 with a home run, a double, a run and three RBI. Hailey McEldowney was 1-for-3 with a triple, a run and a RBI. Cori Lawrence was 1-for-3 with a double. Sarah Gigandet walked and scored a run. Hannah Barga also scored a run.
Tri-Village's Madi Foreman was 2-for-2 with a stolen base. Allie Downing was 2-for-3. Payge Malott was 1-for-3 with a double. Rachel Miller was hit by a pitch, stole two bases and scored a run. Peyton Bietry walked twice.
Lawrence pitched the complete game for Versailles, allowing one earned run on five hits, two walks, one hit batter and eight strikeouts.
Trisa Porter pitched the complete game for Tri-Village, allowing six earned runs on seven hits, one walk and three strikeouts.
Following today's revelations, Derbyshire's Wendy Watson has sent us a number of letters she has received from people who have benefited from her National Hereditary Breast Cancer Helpline.
As reported earlier, Mrs Watson has insisted she did not 'help herself' to £31,000 of the charity's funds and criticised 'some journalists' for their reporting.
Mrs Watson said she sent the below messages of support to other media organisations but they have so far not printed them.
- A lady called Helen
"Based on her wealth of experience, Wendy was able to give me invaluable advice and pointed me in the right direction just in the nick of time. I honestly believe that the advice I received from the helpline may have saved my life and I will be eternally grateful to Wendy for that. In the years since my diagnosis, Wendy has continued to be supportive to me at all times, despite lack of charity funding and personal illness. She is a truly amazing and selfless woman who is passionate about helping others."
- A lady called Karen
"Wendy has done nothing but help people get through a difficult time in their lives. She has been there 24 hours a day to listen to people and support them and has put all these people first ahead of her own needs and requirements. We all take our health for granted until something goes wrong and it's not until then that we realise how alone you can be when trying to find a helping hand. That is why Wendy's charity and others like it are so important. The majority of these charities are self funding and without them where would people go to? Surely we should be looking to support them?​"
- A lady called Sue
"As someone who struggled to get support at one of the most devastating times of my life Wendy was there 24 hours a day at the end of a phone or email. She has made it her mission in life to support people going through difficulties with hereditary cancers and should be commended for her commitment to supporting people at their most vulnerable times. She is an inspirational woman who have inspired me to change my career path in order to get involved in helping others. I have attended the support group get-togethers for many years which sees new faces each time we meet. To watch women arrive looking fearful and petrified to seeing them leave looking reassured and informed is priceless and I feel something that should be encouraged and commended."
It's a discussion happening for you. It's to make sure the Downtown Library represents what you want after its yearlong renovations.
If you want to join the conversation and weigh in for yourself, you can leave your comments on their website here and also view notes from their community forums while also learning about the renovations planned for the Main Library.
Wednesday was the second of three community forums aimed to make sure the Main Library's renovations accommodate you, your needs and concerns.
"The closure is an inconvenience, but if you take the long view you gain a lot in the balance,” said Jay Welenc, a Toledo resident and library customer. “I think it is necessary to make sure everything is done quickly."
"I'm impressed with the renovations, but at the same time I'm kind of sad because I've been working with the homeless as a volunteer for many years and they don't have that many options in the downtown," explained Richard Arnold, a frequent and longtime customer of the Main Library.
Some concerns were addressed Wednesday during the forum after a month of debrief and discussion among library staff and the community. They are making plans to accommodate the homeless population, make local history resources available and work with community partners to enhance their services at multiple branches of the Toledo Lucas County Library during the downtown construction.
Leaders are grateful for the feedback they have gotten and hope it doesn't stop because the conversation is ongoing.
"I hope we get a lot of really challenging ideas tonight,” said Meg Delaney, Main Library Manager. “And then we will go forward work with those ideas and then share that info on June 28th, which is our third meeting."
The library showed their more than $10 million plans to renovate the parking level and main floor of the library. Those plans include additional technology and meeting areas making them more visible and accessible for customers.
"We really want to start to show people what that's looking like and then get their ideas on how could that be used and who would use it so that during the time we are closed we can work with those partners, to figure out how we are going to fill those spaces," explained Delaney.
Community members were able to provide positive and negative feedback on the renovation plans at Wednesday's forum.
"I hope they can accommodate both the young who depend mostly on electronic technology and people like myself,” said Richard Arnold. “I just turned 60, who depend on this library and for whom books will always be an option."
"It's the technology it's the resources it's the people interacting with the public that's something my students do regularly at the library,” said Jay Welenc, a teacher at the Toledo School for the Arts who require his students visit the library. “So, all of those opportunities at the same time make the complete package it's not one thing by itself."
The Main Library hopes to have a plan to present for the public at their next forum scheduled for June 28th from 6-8 pm. Leaders say while they have a month until that meeting, they will be taking feedback and input up until their next meeting.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
(KGTV) - Did a court really reject a living man's request to annul his death certificate?
Yes.
The estranged wife of Constantin Reliu had him declared dead in Romania in 2016 after he moved to Turkey.
Now he has returned to Romania, but the court won't annul his death certificate because it says too much time has passed.
MADRID — Asier Illarramendi scored two second-half goals as Real Sociedad routed Deportivo La Coruna 5-0 to end a four-match winless streak in the Spanish league on Friday.
Willian Jose, Aritz Elustondo and Sergio Canales also scored for Sociedad at Anoeta Stadium.
The hosts hadn't won since a 3-1 result against Sevilla last year.
The winless streak for relegation-wary Deportivo increased to seven matches. Deportivo is 18th in the 20-team standings.
Sociedad moved to 14th place. Its next league game is at defending champion Real Madrid.
There's the old saying that we are what we eat. If this is true then we've become a nation of carrot sticks and chickpeas. We're on a mission to be healthier than ever.
Eat this, don't eat that... Over the last few years there has been an explosion in healthy eating, faddy diets and advice.
Gluten free, Shutterstock
Dieters are told daily what we should and shouldn't eat, but what advice should we really be taking a bit out of?
We asked top dietician Anna Daniels.
Will eating fat-free foods make me fat free?
It is a myth that fat free food leads to fat-free bodies. Sugar contains no fat and sweets can sometimes be marketed as fat free. Yet a diet which contains to much sugar will inevitably lead to weight gain. Be very wary of foods that are marketed as fat free - always read the label, as most often they have added sugars.
If I eat dinner after 6pm will I gain weight?
Eating after 6pm does not cause weight gain. Your metabolism continues to burn energy throughout the evening and also throughout the night. As long as you don't eat in excess eating later in the evening has no hindrance to weight loss. The only thing to consider is if you have acid-reflux or hiatus hernia then eating close to bed would exacerbate symptoms as you lie down.
Should I only eat organic?
Larger supermarkets are now stocking organic so many organic products are becoming more readily available and accessible. Some studies have outlined organic foods are found to be lower in pesticide residues and higher in antioxidants, yet other studies have found very little comparisons. Its also good to note many things affect the nutrients in the crop, season, soil etc. Organic meat and dairy is thought to be higher in omega-3 fatty acids possibly linked to the diet of organically reared animals. For a healthy balanced diet, firstly make sure your diet is rich in vegetables, fruits, pulses, grains and lean protein. Then if you can afford to buy organic then do so, although the health benefits may not be dramatic as you may think.
Will grazing help me lose weight?
Eating regularly throughout the day is good for stabilising blood sugar levels and also ensuring your metabolism works efficiently. However grazing can sometimes become ‘mindless'. This is when you are snacking on foods without really thinking about it and this can be damaging to weight loss. If this happens then it can have a negative effect on your weight as you can be consuming excess calories overall throughout the day.
Will drinking diet fizzy juice help me lose weight?
Water is the best drink you can have for weight loss. Diet fizzy drinks have a place where they can replace full sugar fizzy drinks and this will save on calories, so for someone consuming sugary fizzy drinks it can be a good replacement. However, drinking fizzy juice or soda in excess isn't a good idea, instead ensure you drink plenty of water, aiming for 2 liters of fluid per day, with tea, coffee and juice counting towards this.
Are low or no carbohydrate diets healthy?
Carbohydrates often get a bad reputation. When not eaten in excess they form part of a healthy balanced diet. Some of the World's healthiest diets are based around carbohydrate foods - The Mediterranean Diet (al dente pasta, bread, potatoes), Japanese and Asian Diet (Rice). A review of low carbohydrate diets found that they were associated with similar weight loss to energy restrictive diets and low fat diets. So if you can't live a life without pasta (I couldn't!), instead focus on your portion size.
Should I eat gluten free foods instead?
There is no evidence that eating a gluten free diet is better for you than eating a normal diet. Unless you have Coeliac disease which is an autoimmune condition caused by the injection of gluten. Which means that gluten becomes incredibly damaging and causes malabsorption issues and symptoms of bloating and diarrhea. Some people also find they have gluten sensitivity, which means they have symptoms associated with eating gluten similar to those of a Coeliac, without the damaging effects. However, if you have no symptoms and aren't Coeliac then there is no need to cut out gluten... and yes that means the ‘gluten free' brownies do count!
Should I only eat organic?
Larger supermarkets are now stocking organic so many organic products are becoming more readily available and accessible. Some studies have outlined organic foods are found to be lower in pesticide residues and higher in antioxidants, yet other studies have found very little comparisons. Its also good to note many things affect the nutrients in the crop, season, soil etc. Organic meat and dairy is thought to be higher in omega-3 fatty acids possibly linked to the diet of organically reared animals. For a healthy balanced diet, firstly make sure your diet is rich in vegetables, fruits, pulses, grains and lean protein. Then if you can afford to buy organic then do so, although the health benefits may not be dramatic as you may think.
MIAMI — Ten members of the U.S. Senate have asked the State Department to pressure the Haitian government into closing an orphanage where several children being adopted by American families have been victims of alleged sexual abuse.
The letter said “multiple” children at the Foyer Notre Dame de la Nativite orphanage on the outskirts of Port-au-Prince tested positive for the sexually transmitted infection chlamydia and reported that they had been victims of abuse.
“While Haiti's social services agency has had an ongoing investigation into the orphanage for more than a year, nothing has been done to stop the abuse,” said the Jan. 29 letter, addressed to Deputy Secretary of State John J. Sullivan.
Orphanage Director Eveline Louis-Jacques said Friday that several children in her care had tested positive for chlamydia but said it hasn't been confirmed that they contracted the infection while at the home and she vehemently denied any abuse has occurred there.
“The kids are very well treated,” Louis-Jacques said in an Associated Press interview. “They are not in an orphanage; they are in my house, with me.”
The orphanage was the site of tragedy during the devastating January 2010 earthquake when nearly 70 kids died there during the disaster. There are now 60 children, from ages 1 to 16. Louis-Jacques, a former bank executive, runs it with her husband of 42 years and a mostly female staff.
Andolphe Guillaume, an official with the social welfare agency, known by its initials in French as IBESR, referred questions about the situation to the executive director, who was not available Friday.
But Guillaume showed AP journalists a report from December showing that at least six of 33 children tested at the orphanage, known in Haiti as a “creche,” had chlamydia and recommended that authorities continue to investigate the abuse allegations. He said officials were surprised because the home had a good reputation. “This creche is one of the best in Haiti. We don't know how this happened,” he said.
Louis-Jacques said the children could have contracted the infection at birth from their mothers but the report said the parents of only one of the children also tested positive.
The total number of children who have tested positive is not publicly known. The Senate letter does not provide details on the infections or the children it said also reported abuse.
In January 2017, Nightlight Christian Adoptions, an agency based in Santa Ana, California, sent an email to parents in the process of adopting that a girl recently brought to the U.S. from the Notre Dame had been diagnosed with chlamydia and that her doctor believed it had been contracted during the time the child was at the home.
The agency said in the email that it was pressing IBESR to conduct an immediate investigation and to have all children examined by an independent doctor.
Nightlight President Daniel Nehrbass said some children contracted the infection while they were in the care of the orphanage but it remains a possibility that the abuse did not occur on the premises. He said he and his staff have visited the home about 16 times in recent years and he will travel to Haiti next week to meet with the director and the U.S. Embassy to discuss the situation.
“There is abuse that is occurring and it has to be addressed,” Nehrbass said.
People in the midst of the adoption process, which can take more than two years, have been trying to get U.S. authorities to expedite the paperwork. Charlotte Gage or Richmond, Virginia, said she managed to get the two boys she and her husband are adopting out of the orphanage but are still in Haiti as they await the final documents they need to return home. She said she was stunned to learn of the alleged abuse.
“I felt my soul just get crushed,” Gage said. “It was just horrific to think about children being violated in that way. Even if my children weren't violated personally the fact that they were living in that environment was a horror and I was outraged as any parent would be.”
The Senate letter said the State Department should not only push Haiti to close the home and relocate the children but also expedite visas and passports for approved adoption cases.
A spokesman for Florida Sen. Bill Nelson, one of the 10 Republicans and Democrats who signed the letter, said they had not yet received a formal response.
The State Department said in response to questions that the Embassy in Haiti is aware of the reports of abuse and is “providing all Consular services” without providing details. It added that it seeks to ensure that all international adoptions take place in the best interests of the child.
——
Associated Press writer Evens Sanon contributed from Port-au-Prince, Haiti
A Caribbean café selling coffee produced by Bob Marley's son has opened in Croydon.
Snake and Mongoose in London Road is serving up paninis and bagels with Caribbean fillings and cakes and juices inspired by Jamaica ingredients.
And for some customers the cafe's interior might bring back happy memories of their old living room in days gone by or maybe that of their parents or grandparents.
The coffee used is Marley Coffee, a company run by the late musician's son, Rohan. The brand uses both Blue Mountain Jamaican coffee and Ethiopian coffee in its blends.
If coffee isn't your thing then you could choose a freshly made juice at Snake and Mongoose café.
Tropical Caribbean fruits are mixed with those more common in Europe.
How do you fancy blend called Jungle Juice which uses carrots, beetroot, sugar cane and ginger? Sugar cane is of course grown in the Caribbean and ginger and mint is often used in Caribbean cooking.
(Image: David Cook)
A virgin pina colada is served up in a shell of a pineapple with the pineapple flesh blended with coconut, cream and the spices of cinnamon and nutmeg, which are spices also both widely used in Caribbean cooking.
Paninis and bagels are given a Caribbean twist.
You could have them filled with the tradition Jamaican dish of ackee and saltfish – ackee is a national fruit of Jamaica and part of the lychee family.
There are also familiar fillings to choose from like salmon and cream cheese, avocado and bacon or tuna and sweetcorn but even these have a hint of the Caribbean with native spices, such as scotch bonnet pepper, added.
Of course, cakes are also served and they include Jamaican rum fruit cake and the Jamaican style polenta and orange cake – polenta is made from cornmeal.
You might also choose from a pear and almond tart, red velvet cake or even a carrot cake featuring the spices of nutmeg, cinnamon and vanilla extract.
(Image: David Cook)
Mini pancakes are available on the menu which can be topped with the likes of strawberries, bananas, chocolate or caramel, for example.
Mr Mullings explained he has created a theme based around a typical living room of a person who had just arrived to live in Britain from the West Indies between the 1950s and 1970s.
If you or your parents or grandparents emigrated to the UK from the West Indies you might recognise the small glass fish ornament which was so fashionable, the old paraffin heater, the gramophone cabinet and, said, Mr Mullings: “Everyone always had an ice bucket in the shape of a pineapple.”
There is even an old jet ski with the name of the coffee shop on it, where you can pose for a selfie.
Mr Mullings said he is targeting more mature customers with the style of décor “It's very rustic and it's very homely,” he said.
(Image: David Cook)
Mr Mullings said however that he finds his café is attracting customers from the mid-twenties age group and up as well.
In the background, music with influences of the Caribbean plays.
So you can hum along with Bob Marley of course, and the likes of reggae singer Dennis Brown and UB40, as well as soul music.
There is free Wi-fi, too.
The 47-year-old, wholives in Wallington with his wife Marvia and son Tate, 11, was born in the UK but grew up in Jamaica before coming back to the UK when he was 18.
He runs Snake and Mongoose with his wife, and sister in law Johnette Holworthy, cousin Darius Green and supervisor Ash Gordon.
Mr Mullings also owns the Suave hair saloon in the basement below, which he has run for about 20 years.
He has run a food stall at Notting Hill Carnival for the last five years serving the likes of jerk chicken and jerk pulled pork and said he enjoys making cocktails.
He plans to introduce a lunchtime and dinner menu in the future and is applying for a licence to serve alcohol.
(Image: David Cook)
Mr Mullings explained why he decided to open the café above his saloon.
He said: “It has always been a long term dream. I think also with the regeneration of Croydon I had to also plan ahead. Because I own the freehold to the property I thought I need to try and be prepared for the changes.”
Mr Mullings has noticed how more Caribbean food and drink businesses have sprung up across the country as well as locally, including the Turtle Bay restaurant chain, the Levi Roots food business and more recently, The Black Butchers Caribbean butchers, which has just opened in Church Street, Croydon.
Even in supermarkets, Caribbean spices and Caribbean-influenced food is more readily available.
“I think at the moment the whole ethos around Caribbean food is really, really growing,” said Mr Mullings.
And he is enjoying his new venture.
“I am 100 per cent loving it,” said Mr Mullings. “The public response has been absolutely over-whelming. Everyone who has come in, they have wanted to come back or they have returned.”
A "Celebration of Life" was held on Wednesday to remember the three women -- Dr. Jennifer Gray Golick, Christine Loeber and Dr. Jennifer Gonzales Shushereba -- who died at a veterans center in Yountville. At the memorial, Congressman Mike Thompson honored the victims and also used the service as a platform to discuss gun violence."All shared a common goal - they got up every morning to improve the lives of others, to improve the lives of our veterans," he said. "We should all aspire to that service and live our lives by their example. We must work and we must pray for peace, to make sure we create fewer veterans. As John Kennedy said, 'Mankind must put an end to war, or war will put an end to mankind.'"
By Scott T. Sterling
When he's not recording heartbreaking songs, Sam Smith can be pretty funny.
Related: Sam Smith Announces New Album ‘The Thrill of It All'
Set to serve as the musical guest on this week's episode of Saturday Night Live (Oct. 7), Smith teamed up with host Gal Gadot of Wonder Woman fame and cast member Kenen Thompson for a pair of comedic promos.
In the first, Smith even gets to deliver the punchline, as he cheekily offers a personal makeup tip.
It's Smith's second time as the musical guest on SNL, following his debut in 2014.
Watch the promos below.
ELIZABETHTOWN, KY (WAVE) - An Elizabethtown man accused of shooting and killing another man in 2017 will stand trial, exactly one year after the crime was committed.
Charles Roberson Jr., 29, is accused of shooting Xedric “C.J.” McNeil, 20, of Elizabethtown in the 300 block of Diecks Drive on February 4, 2017.
Roberson was taken into custody just days later, on Feb. 7 by U.S. Marshals. He was indicted on murder charges in April.
On Tuesday, a judge set Robertson's trial date for February 4, 2019.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Police: Homeowner shoots, kills man trying to break into home
+ 3 arrested in connection to November 2017 murder
+ Former JCPS resource officer on trial for assault
Robertson is lodged in the Hardin County Detention Center. He's being held in lieu of a $1 million cash bond.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
BERLIN — Nils Petersen scored with two late penalties — one in the 90th minute and another in injury time — as Freiburg came from three goals down to beat Cologne 4-3 in the Bundesliga on Sunday.
“We were patient to the end. Football writes such stories,” said Petersen, who also scored in the first half to start Freiburg's comeback. “It's bitter for Cologne. I'm sorry for the club, too.”
Petersen's hat trick denied Cologne what would have been its first league win of the season at the 15th attempt, one week after Cologne fired Peter Stoeger as coach.
“It can't get any worse,” Cologne defender Dominique Heintz said.
Stoeger was presented by Borussia Dortmund as its new coach earlier Sunday, after Dortmund responded to its league slump by firing Peter Bosz.
Kickoff in Cologne was delayed by a half-hour due to a snowstorm that continued as the game got underway.
The hosts raced into a three-goal lead. Lukas Kluenter opened the scoring in the eighth minute and Sehrou Guirassy added a second from the penalty spot before American midfielder Caleb Stanko's own-goal.
In a 30-minute span, Cologne scored half as many goals as it had in the previous 14 league games.
But Petersen pulled one back with a fine volley in the 39th, and Freiburg's Janik Haberer ensured a nervy finale when he scored midway through the second half after a period of prolonged pressure from the visitors.
Cologne goalkeeper Timo Horn made a brilliant save and was called into action again and again before his overwhelmed side gave away two penalties. Petersen converted them both to complete an unlikely comeback.
“Everything is going against us,” Cologne's interim coach Stefan Ruthenbeck said.
Cologne, bottom of the Bundesliga with just three points from 15 games, faces a seemingly hopeless task to avoid relegation after making the worst ever start in the league since its formation in 1963.
Freiburg remained in the relegation playoff place, some 12 points above last-place Cologne.
——
HERTHA'S LUCKY PUNCH
Salomon Kalou struck in injury time to salvage a 1-1 draw for Hertha Berlin at Augsburg, which dominated the game and looked to have earned the win through Caiuby's goal with a quarter-hour remaining.
“Football is like that, when the opponent wastes so many chances, such things happen,” said Hertha coach Pal Dardai, who criticized his team's poor performance.
“We showed nothing. It's not in order. We were lucky to get the point,” Dardai said.
Also Sunday, Hannover defeated Hoffenheim 2-0 at home.
MILWAUKEE — Giannis Antetokounmpo made a driving layup with 1.9 seconds remaining after Jabari Parker chipped in with 12 points in his first game in nearly a year, lifting the Milwaukee Bucks over the New York Knicks 92-90 on Friday night.
Antetokounmpo, who sprained his left ankle late in Thursday night's loss to Minnesota, showed no ill effects and led all scorers with 29 points.
Parker hadn't played since tearing his left ACL on Feb. 8, 2017, in a game against Miami. He made 4 of 7 shots over nearly 15 minutes as a reserve.
Enes Kanter had 17 points and 18 rebounds to lead the Knicks, who were coming off a 103-73 loss to Boston on Wednesday night. Kristaps Porzingis also had 17 points.
Entering the fourth quarter tied at 74, the Bucks and Knicks continued their seesaw battle with neither team able to pull away. A layup by Antetokounmpo tied it at 90 with about two minutes remaining. After Tim Hardaway Jr. missed a pair of free throws for New York, Antetokounmpo failed to connect on a step-back jumper with 41.8 seconds left. After Kanter missed a layup, Antetokounmpo drove from the top of the key and made a spinning left-handed layup with 1.9 seconds remaining. After a Knicks timeout, Hardaway Jr. missed a desperation jumper at the horn.
The teams were tied at 55 at the half. Milwaukee got 13 points from Antetokounmpo and 12 from Parker, who played nearly 10 minutes in the first half. Kanter had 11 points and 10 rebounds.
Milwaukee got a much-needed spark from Parker in the first quarter. He scored seven points in just more than five minutes of action to help pull the Bucks within one point at the end of the quarter.
PLENTY OF PARKER
Parker's return comes at a critical juncture of the season, with the trade deadline looming next week and Milwaukee in the middle of the Eastern Conference playoff race. He entered the game with 5:25 remaining in the first quarter, replacing Antetokounmpo. He scored his first basket on a jumper from the right baseline a little more than one minute later.
The second overall pick of the 2014 draft out of Duke averaged career highs of 20.1 points and 6.2 rebounds in 51 games last year before the injury. Parker tore the same ACL in December 2014, halting his rookie campaign after 25 games.
“He's one of my best friends. I'm just happy to see him playing,” said Knicks forward Michael Beasley, who was Parker's teammate in Milwaukee.
TIP-INS
Knicks: Referees halted the game briefly in the first quarter so that Porzingis could be treated for a cut to his lip. … New York made 2 of 13 from deep in the first half. Porzingis and Hardaway Jr. were a combined 1 for 8. … The Knicks have played 16 of their last 20 games on the road. … Porzingis and Milwaukee's Sterling Brown were whistled for a double technical foul midway through the fourth.
Bucks: G Malcolm Brogdon is expected to miss six to eight weeks after being diagnosed with a partially torn left quadriceps tendon. Brogdon sustained the injury in the second quarter of Thursday night's game at Minnesota after a dunk and had to be helped off the court. “Finding out that he's going to be out for a couple of months kind of shocked me. Shocked all of us,” teammate D.J. Wilson said. … G Eric Bledsoe, who missed Thursday's game and played just three minutes Monday due to left ankle soreness, returned to action.
UP NEXT
Knicks: Host Atlanta on Sunday in the last of three regular-season meetings this season.
Bucks: At Brooklyn on Sunday. Milwaukee defeated the Nets 116-91 on Jan. 26.
——
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Jordan was responding to a report by NBC News in which three former Ohio State wrestlers said it was common knowledge that Dr. Richard Strauss ─ who died in 2005 ─ abused team members while he was team doctor from the mid-1970s to the late 1990s. The wrestlers, two of whom were identified by name, said Strauss showered regularly with them and inappropriately touched them during appointments. The wrestlers said it would have been impossible for Jordan not to know what was going on. One said he told Jordan directly about the abuse.
The accusers said they came forward months ago, after the conviction earlier this year of former Olympics gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar. Ohio State announced in April that it was investigating the claims.
Jordan, a Republican leader of the House's conservative Freedom Caucus and a potential candidate to succeed retiring House Speaker Paul Ryan, was an assistant Ohio State wrestling coach from 1986 to 1994. He has repeatedly said he knew nothing of the abuse until the former students went public this year.
Ryan has said through a spokesman that the allegations were serious, and that he was waiting for the result of the university's investigation.
On Wednesday, Jordan's spokesman released quotes from two key college wrestling figures: former world champion Lee Kemp and former head coach Russ Hellickson, who served as Jordan's mentor at Ohio State.
Kemp was quoted as saying it was "utterly absurd" that Jordan would have known and done nothing about abuse of his wrestlers.
Jordan's spokesman quoted Hellickson as saying: "At no time while Jim Jordan was a coach with me at Ohio State did either of us ignore abuse of our wrestlers. That is not the kind of man Jim is, and it is not the kind of coach that I was."
Hellickson, however, also took part in a video made by one of Strauss' accusers, former wrestler Mike DiSabato. In the video, Hellickson said he told school administrators about Strauss and also warned the doctor that he was being too "hands on" with students and that he should stay away from his wrestlers.
"I said, ‘You make the guys nervous when you shower with them,'” Hellickson said in the video. "His response was, ‘Coach, you shower with your guys all the time.' And I said, ‘Not for an hour, Doc.'"
Jordan was expected to appear in public Wednesday at an Independence Day rally in Ohio.
His denials have angered the accusers, including DiSabato, who said he alerted Jordan earlier this year about his plans to go public, and that Jordan told him to keep him out of it.
“I considered Jim Jordan a friend,” DiSabato told NBC News. “But at the end of the day, he is absolutely lying if he says he doesn't know what was going on.
A spokesman for Jordan told NBC News that the congressman had not been contacted by investigators but would help them if they asked. But a law firm investigating the allegations for Ohio State said they'd tried contacting Jordan's office by email and phone, but he had not responded.
Jordan told Politico that his office couldn't find records of those inquiries, and reiterated his offer to help investigators.
Gov Jerry Brown Makes It Official- California Now Jails People For Wrong Gender Pronouns
Long-term care facilities and nursing homes are the newest targets for Gov. Jerry Brown's progressive desires.
The “LGBT Senior Bill Of Rights” requires these facilities to allow seniors and anyone else within their care to use the bathrooms of their choice, regardless of their biological sex. It also imposes punishments on workers who “willfully and repeatedly” misgender residents with a fine of up to $1,000 and a year in prison.
That's right, the people who lament “mass incarceration” and demand lower sentences for everyone so we can stop imprisoning people for large stretches of their lives are the same people who are now calling to imprison healthcare workers for a year. For using the wrong pronouns.
This HAS to be freedom of speech issue, right?
And in case you were tempted to use their religious affiliation as a way to keep you from getting thrown in the thought gulag, state Senator Scott Weiner has some news for you.
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
“Everyone is entitled to their religious view,” he said. “But when you enter the public space, when you are running an institution, you are in a workplace, you are in a civil setting, and you have to follow the law.”
Well actually, that's NOT how that works, but I'm sure he knows that and is making a point for his liberal friends.
He also released a statement in which he praised Gov. Brown for signing the bill.
“Our LGBT seniors built the modern LGBT community and led the fight for so many of the rights our community takes for granted today. It is our duty to make sure they can age with the dignity and respect they deserve,” he wrote. “I want to thank Governor Brown for joining our coalition in supporting this bill, which will make a real difference in people's lives. The LGBT Senior Bill of Rights is an important step in our fight to ensure all people are treated equally regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity.”
This is a feel-good bill and nothing more. Why do I say that? Well because in every long-term care facility I've ever worked in, each room has its own private bathroom, and men were put with men and women were put with women, unless the couple was married of someone was paying for a private room. There is no public restroom issue in these places. The only restrooms outside of all individual rooms were those for staff and visitors. Now perhaps California does things a bit differently, but for the most part I'd say every facility I've been to ha been similar to my experience.
This is lip service to the LGBT community.
Being diagnosed with a debilitating illness can cause some people to recoil from the world.
Lee Firth, from Leeds, knows how difficult it can be to bounce back from a long-term diagnosis, after he was told he had ulcerative colitis in 2004.
The illness causes the large bowel to become inflamed and many people with the condition experience frequent fatigue.
But 13 years on from his diagnosis, and after losing his job, struggling for fitness and withdrawing from friends and family, Lee is now an aspiring bodybuilder.
“I always kept myself fit and played sport from a young age, so when I was suddenly diagnosed with ulcerative colitis at the age of 25, I was in complete shock,” he told the Yorkshire Evening Post.
“At first, I found it hard to come to terms with. I was scared and upset, with all manner of worries going around my mind. I was told it was likely that I'd have the condition and be on medication for the rest of my life, which I found difficult to deal with and quite frankly, terrifying.
“I began to spiral down, not taking my medication as I should, eating a poor diet and drinking way too much. A major side effect of colitis is having to go to the bathroom a lot, but the illness grips your body in other ways.
“At times, I feel like I've had all of the energy drained from my body.
“I feel like I'm closing down and I can't stop it or even function properly. It affects my sleeping patterns and makes me tired pretty much all of the time.
“I can't eat the food I'd really like to, and my emotions are a rollercoaster. The highs are high and the lows are very low. Sometimes it's a real struggle to get out of bed.”
But the dad-of-one has now come to terms with his diagnosis and learned techniques to cope and manage his moods.
After losing his job, Lee took up cycling to lose weight and went on to join a gym.
He now trains six days a week at the MoveGB mulit-fitness venue in Leeds.
“I started lifting weights,” he said.
“I researched the foods I needed and I kept on getting healthier and found that the healthier I felt, the more I wanted to train. I began to develop a passion for fitness and I've now been training my body for three years. I find it fascinating that you can change your physique and the way you feel mentally, if you train properly and eat the right foods.”
On an average day Lee eats around five small meals, which helps with the side effects of his condition.
He hopes this year to showcase his fitness skills with the UK Bodybuilding and Fitness Federation by taking part in competitions.
‘I want to help others who are struggling'
Lee Firth says he wants to use his own experiences battling ulcerative colitis to help others struggling with the condition.
He said: “I feel that my experiences would allow me to offer advice and guidance, having learnt so much over the past few years.
“I wish I'd had someone to talk to and learn from, so I want to be able to share my story with others suffering from UC.”
Lee launched an Instagram motivation page – @leefirthlife – where he shares his routines, goals and achievements
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are still searching for the attacker who left a young man in hospital after a stabbing in Croydon town centre.
The victim, a man believed to be in his 20s, was found suffering from a slash wound by London Ambulance Service (LAS) paramedics after being called to a stabbing on Poplar Walk at 6.20pm on Tuesday (July 3).
Met Police also attended the scene outside St Michael's Church.
Officers cordoned off the road with tape and a police vehicle was also stationed to close off the road.
The man was taken to a south London hospital, with injuries not believed to be life-threatening of life-changing.
On Wednesday morning (July 4) a Met Police spokeswoman said officers are yet to make any arrests and the man's condition remains the same.
The spokeswoman said: “Police were called by LAS at approximately 6.20pm to reports of a male found with stab wounds on Poplar Walk. Officers attended.
“A man, believed to be aged in his 20s, was found with a slash wound.
“He was taken to a south London hospital with injuries not believed to be life-threatening or life-changing.
“No arrests; enquiries continue.”
Traffic was brought to a standstill on Tuesday evening and bus routes were diverted away from the area.
The same street was the scene of the stabbing of a schoolboy in February of last year.
Anyone with information on the stabbing can contact Met Police by calling 101, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
FILE PHOTO: Monsanto logo is displayed on a screen where the stock is traded on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S. on May 9, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
By Tom Polansek
CHICAGO (Reuters) - Monsanto Co will give cash back to U.S. farmers who buy a weed killer that has been linked to widespread crop damage, offering an incentive to apply its product even as regulators in several U.S. states weigh restrictions on its use.
The incentive to use XtendiMax with VaporGrip, a herbicide based on a chemical known as dicamba, could refund farmers over half the sticker price of the product in 2018 if they spray it on soybeans Monsanto engineered to resist the weed killer, according to company data.
The United States faced an agricultural crisis this year caused by new formulations of dicamba-based herbicides, which farmers and weed experts say harmed crops because they evaporated and drifted away from where they were sprayed.
Monsanto says XtendiMax is safe when properly applied. The company is banking on the chemical and soybean seeds engineered to resist it, called Xtend, to dominate soybean production in the United States, the world's second-largest exporter.
BASF SE and DowDuPont also sell versions of dicamba-based herbicides.
Monsanto's cash-back offer comes as federal and state regulators are requiring training for farmers who plan to spray dicamba in 2018 and limiting when it can be used. Weed specialists say the restrictions make the chemical more costly and inconvenient to apply, but Monsanto's incentive could help convince farmers to use it anyway.
"We believe cash-back incentives for using XtendiMax with VaporGrip Technology better enable growers to use a management system that represents the next level of weed control," said Ryan Rubischko, Monsanto product manager.
XtendiMax costs about $11 per acre to buy, and Monsanto is offering an extra $6 per acre in cash back to farmers when they apply it on Xtend soybeans, rather than using another seed-and-chemical combination to control weeds.
The rebate means farmers can receive up to $11.50 per acre in cash back next year when they use XtendiMax along with other approved chemicals, such as one called Intact that aims to prevent drift and costs $2.40 per acre, according to Monsanto.
The company, which launched a program offering incentives to use multiple herbicides in 2010, competes against rivals including Bayer AG to sell genetically modified soybean seeds and chemicals to farmers.
Bayer is selling its LibertyLink soybean brand, a main rival to Xtend, to BASF as part of a deal to acquire Monsanto for $63.5 billion.
Monsanto also faces increasing government oversight.
On Monday, Missouri said it would ban sprayings of XtendiMax and DowDuPont's product, called FeXapan, in 10 counties after June 1, 2018, and statewide after July 15, 2018. Last month, the state imposed the same restrictions on BASF's dicamba herbicide, Engenia.
North Dakota said it planned to prohibit the use of dicamba herbicides after June 30, 2018, and when temperatures top 85 degrees Fahrenheit in a bid to prevent the chemical from drifting away from where it is sprayed.
Arkansas is close to prohibiting dicamba sprayings after April 15, 2018, the tightest limits yet, while Minnesota is also considering restrictions.
The states are taking action after the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency mandated special training for dicamba users for 2018 and required farmers to keep records proving they were complying with label instructions.
"Utilizing the technology, the cost will go up because of these changes," said Andrew Thostenson, a pesticide specialist for North Dakota State University.
U.S. farmers planted 90 million acres of soybeans this year, and about 4 percent showed signs of damage linked to dicamba, according to University of Missouri data. Despite that, Monsanto predicts farmers will double plantings of Xtend soybeans to about 40 million acres next year.
Farmers said its cash-back offer was designed to increase sales.
"I think they're just trying to buy more acres," Dan Henebry, an Illinois farmer who plans to grow Xtend soybeans next year, said about Monsanto.
(Reporting by Tom Polansek; Editing by Andrew Hay and Tom Brown)
Cleveland Police are urgently searching for a man named Steve Stevens who has killed at least one victim during a live Facebook broadcast, and claims to have killed more than a dozen more.
The suspect is a black male named Steve Stephens. He is approximately 6′ 1″ and is considered armed and dangerous. He was last seen driving a white ford Fusion and wearing a dark, striped polo shirt.
A video posted Sunday to a Facebook account apparently belonging to Stephens shows the man filming walk up to an older man and, after asking him a question, shooting him. The video, which was posted about 2 p.m. ET and was later taken down, is captioned, in part, “Easter day slaughter.” The broadcast victims' family has been identified and they are devastated.
(Via Fox News) […] The Sunday shooting occurred just south of Interstate 90 in the Glenville neighborhood. Stephens also posted another video of himself talking on the phone about at least 13 other alleged murders he says he's committed. He said at one point he “messed up.”
“And I'm about to keep killing until they catch me,” Stephens said, according to NBC. No information about the victim was immediately available. A spokeswoman for Beach Brook, a children's mental health facility in Cleveland, confirmed that Stephens was a caseworker there, but had no further details. (read more)
Cleveland: Interview with a man and woman who said the man killed by Steve Stephens in the FB live video was their 78 yo father. pic.twitter.com/cjb1cuE7td — Texas Lone Star (@SouthLoneStar) April 16, 2017
BREAKING NEWS: CLEVELAND SUSPECT WAS POSSIBLY LAST SEEN NEAR PATRICK HENRY SCHOOL. REPORTS OF SHOTS FIRED IN THAT AREA. STAY AWAY – SHARE! — Breaking News (@BreakingNLive) April 16, 2017
Manhunt: Here's another pic the Cleveland suspect Steve Stephens pic.twitter.com/KSrO5xArUH — Tammy Bruce (@HeyTammyBruce) April 16, 2017
What media won't tell you is Steve Stephens a Muslim. Many times at Islamic Center of Cleveland. pic.twitter.com/AOAdyMD6GO — JC Jones 🇺🇸 (@neverhillary100) April 16, 2017
Advertisements
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Jeezy is set to warm up the winter with the 2018 Cold Summer Tour.
Related: Jeezy and Puffy Daddy Rule Miami in ‘Bottles Up' Video
The 6-week, 31-city U.S. tour with special guest Tee Grizzley launches in Anaheim, CA on February 7 at the House of Blues.
The Cold Summer Tour exclusive 48-hour ticket pre-sale at Jeezy's website base will take place Tuesday, December 12 -Thursday, December 14th and are available here.
The tour will be in support of the rapper's new album, Pressure, which is due to debut on Dec. 15.
See the full itinerary below.
2/7 – Anaheim, CA @ House of Blues Anaheim
2/8 – Las Vegas, NV @ House of Blues Las Vegas
2/9 – Los Angeles, CA @ Belasco Theatre
2/11 – Sacramento, CA @ Ace of Spades
2/15 – Denver, CO @ Summit Music Hall
2/16 – Kansas City, MO @ Uptown Theater
2/18 – Minneapolis, MN @ Music Hall of Minneapolis
2/21 – Chicago, IL @ House of Blues Chicago
2/22 – Milwaukee, WI @ The Rave
2/23 – Indianapolis, IN @ Egyptian Room at Old National Centre
2/24 – Detroit, MI @ The Fillmore Detroit
2/25 – Grand Rapids, MI @ 20 Monroe Live
2/26 – Cleveland, OH @ House of Blues Cleveland
2/28 – Boston, MA @ House of Blues Boston
3/1 – Providence, RI @ The Strand
3/2 – New York, NY @ Playstation Theater
3/3 – Philadelphia, PA @ The Fillmore Philadelphia
3/4 – Washington DC @ The Fillmore Silver Spring
3/6 – Norfolk, VA @ The NorVa
3/7 – Raleigh, NC @ The Ritz
3/8 – Myrtle Beach, SC @ House of Blues Myrtle Beach
3/9 – Nashville, TN @ War Memorial Auditorium
3/10 – Atlanta, GA @ Tabernacle
3/11 – Charlotte, NC @ The Fillmore Charlotte
3/15 – Shreveport, LA @ Shreveport Municipal Memorial Auditorium
3/16 – Memphis, TN @ Minglewood Hall
3/17 – New Orleans, LA @ House of Blues New Orleans
3/20 – Dallas, TX @ House of Blues Dallas
3/21 – San Antonio, TX @ Aztec Theatre
3/22 – Houston, TX @ House of Blues Houston
3/23 – Tulsa, OK @ Cain's Ballroom
Never miss a tour date from Jeezy with Eventful.
Wrightsville Beach public works staff will be conducting water quality testing today after nearly 75,000 gallons of untreated sewage was spilled into the Intracoastal Waterway on Saturday night.
Crews discovered a hole approximately the size of a fist in the Northeast Interceptor sewer line that runs under the Intracoastal Waterway. Wrightsville Beach Public Works Director Williams Squires said that the failure in the sewer main was in a segment east of the waterway that is under land, which caused a wastewater build up that overflowed and spilled into the waterway. The spill was reported at 11:54 p.m.
Crews shut the valves to the sewer main and trucks will be used in a “pump-and-haul” operation to transport sewage from the town's lift stations to treatment stations on the mainland.
Town staff reported the spill to the North Carolina Division of Environmental Quality and will be conducting water quality tests at different sites around Wrightsville Beach. Initial results will be published within 24 hours, the town said in a press release issued Sunday.
The Wrightsville Beach Board of Aldermen has been exploring the costs of building a redundant sewer line under the Intracoastal Waterway and a recent engineering report to the board showed that the line could cost as much as $2 million. The town pumps nearly 1.7 million gallons of raw sewage per day off of the island, the engineering report said.
Before the recent November election, questions about the redundant sewer line were posed in a forum for candidates for the board of aldermen, with some candidates weighing in on whether the town needed to use a bond to raise the money to fund the line.
Mayor Bill Blair and newly-elected alderman Ken Dull both said then that maintenance of the line could be accomplished through ongoing repairs and through the town's existing funding.
Photos from space show the incredible scale of the devastation caused by the still-raging Southern California wildfires, which have blackened almost 200,000 acres and forced thousands of people from their homes.
From his perch aboard the International Space Station 250 miles above the Earth's surface, NASA astronaut Randy Bresnik snapped a series of unsettling photos and posted them on Twitter.
"Today's pass over SoCal unfortunately doesn't look any better," he said in a tweet posted on the evening of December 7. "The fires east of Camp Pendleton and in Baja are visible as well."
Today's pass over SoCal unfortunately doesn't look any better. The fires east of Camp Pendleton and in Baja are visible as well. #CaliforniaWildfires pic.twitter.com/khM9TK1u0F — Randy Bresnik (@AstroKomrade) December 7, 2017
That glum tweet came on the heels of two earlier tweets about the fires that Bresnik posted the previous day.
Thank you to all the first responders, firefighters, and citizens willing to help fight these California wildfires. #CaliforniaWildfires pic.twitter.com/TyeGx4z85Q — Randy Bresnik (@AstroKomrade) December 7, 2017
I was asked this evening if we can see the SoCal fires from space. Yes Faith, unfortunately we can. May the Santa Ana's die down soon. #Californiawildfire pic.twitter.com/qNzjTjWa4t — Randy Bresnik (@AstroKomrade) December 6, 2017
Earlier, NASA had posted satellite photos of the fires taken on December 5 by its Terra satellite and the European Space Agency's Sentinel-2.
The Terra photo shows thick plumes of smoke streaming out over the Pacific Ocean.
The memorial bench to honor Officer Rodman at the Iroquois Library. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Last March, LMPD Officer Nick Rodman was killed in the line of duty.
On Saturday, the Beechmont neighborhood dedicated a memorial to honor Officer Rodman at the Iroquois Library.
Rodman grew up in Beechmont. His family was there on Saturday, as well as other members of the community.
Including neighbor Susie Kehl, the woman who came up with the idea and spearheaded the project from start to finish.
"He had a heart of gold. And he just, he inspired so many people to just go out and do something great and his legacy will always live on, I think," Kehl said.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Officer Nick Rodman dies after fiery crash with suspect vehicle
+ Former officers discuss impact of Officer Nick Rodman's death
+ New Albany establishment holds fundraiser for Nick Rodman's family
+ Officer Nick Rodman's brother: 'He was the best husband and dad that I've ever known'
+ Woods indicted on murder, other charges in death of LMPD Officer Nick Rodman
Mayor Greg Fischer, Councilman Vitalis Lanshima and Library Director Jim Blanton were also on hand to dedicate the memorial bench.
An artist designed the memorial.
The project was paid for with funds from District 21.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Like you, I'm going through the HPSCI Memo release FISA and mining some of the more nuanced facts the media will overlook. This one is quite explosive (memo page 3 pdf-pg 4):
That is a stunning aspect. Nellie Ohr was hired by Fusion GPS in/around the end of April, beginning of May, 2016. According to the memo, while employed by the Clinton Campaign (via Fusion) to do opposition research on Donald Trump, Nellie Ohr's findings were delivered directly to the FBI by her husband Bruce Ohr.
Mrs. Nellie Ohr's findings were not only delivered to the FBI (likely to Peter Strzok) by her husband, DOJ Offical Bruce Ohr, but her findings were used in the FISA Court application and never revealed to the FISA Court.
As such, the Hillary Clinton campaign was funneling opposition research to the FBI through contracted agents of the campaign (Fusion) and their employees (Nellie Ohr).
The FBI then used the Clinton Opposition Research to supplement their ongoing FISA surveillance of Donald Trump campaign officials.
We suspected that was what was happening. We outlined the strong likelihood that was happening. However, yeah, that's a big deal to see confirmed.
Review continues…
ps. Where might this go? To the contractor question: Don't be surprised to discover Nellie Ohr, having a pre-existing relationship with the FBI and CIA, was one of the 2016 contractors pointed out within the admonitions of the FISA Court in 2017.
ALAMEDA, Calif. (AP) Three weeks after the team's move to Las Vegas was approved by the NFL, the Raiders began preparations for the 2017 season with hopes of giving Oakland a winner before the team leaves town.
The Raiders started their offseason program Monday with more questions about what life will be like as a lame-duck in Oakland, and how they expect to be greeted in Las Vegas when they likely arrive in 2020, than about any offseason acquisitions or on-field concerns.
”It just feels weird right now,” said All-Pro pass rusher Khalil Mack, the 2016 NFL Defensive Player of the Year.
It will be like that for a while still. The Raiders will play the upcoming season at the Oakland Coliseum and have an option for a lease for 2018 that they plan to exercise as well.
With their new $1.9 billion stadium in Las Vegas not expected to open until 2020, the team might need to find a temporary home in 2019. It will spend the next few years trying to bridge the gap between a fan base that feels deserted in the East Bay and one excited about a new team in Nevada.
”That's crazy,” quarterback Derek Carr said. ”How do you keep playing somewhere you love and then you've got to go and have to play somewhere else that you're going to have to love and love the people there just like we will?”
But for the players and coaches, many of whom may not even be with the team when it arrives in Las Vegas in three years, the immediate focus is on building on a 12-4 season that gave the Raiders their first playoff berth since 2002.
With most of the young core back, the Raiders are expected to be one of the top teams in the AFC again this season.
”In all honesty, it doesn't matter yet,” Carr said. ”It's coming, it's big news. It's exciting for our organization and for fans who are Raiders fans in Nevada and stuff like that. But at the same time, we have our fans here we need to take care of, and that's really important to me. To take care of our fans here and make sure we enjoy our last times.”
In other news:
– Carr said he has completely healed from the broken left leg that ended his 2016 season early, forcing him to miss the season finale and Oakland's playoff loss to Houston.
”I've been running, jumping, throwing, cutting, everything,” Carr said. ”I'm ready to rock, I'm ready to do absolutely everything.”
– Carr said he met with retired running back Marshawn Lynch when he visited the facility recently and would be excited to play with him if Lynch decides to come out of retirement and the Raiders can acquire his rights from Seattle. Oakland needs a big back after losing starter Latavius Murray in free agency.
”He's one heck of a football player,” Carr said. ”I hope to play with him and those things. But I'm focused on the guys who are here today.”
– The Raiders have had preliminary talks with Carr about extending his rookie contract that expires after this season. Carr said he expects talks to heat up after the draft and hopes to have something finalized before the start of training camp this summer.
”The communication from both sides have been great,” he said. ”They've let me know where they're at and what they're trying to do. We let them know where we're at and what we're trying to do. It hasn't been hard. It's been easy.”
—
More AP NFL: pro32.ap.org and twitter.com/AP-NFL
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) Andrew Luck isn't sure when he'll start throwing again and won't set a timetable for his return from shoulder surgery.
The Indianapolis Colts starting quarterback isn't expected to do much – if any – work during the team's offseason workouts.
Players and coaches held their first official team activities Monday at the team complex, and for the first time Luck acknowledged that his injury problems began during a Week 3 contest at Tennessee in 2015.
He missed nine games that season with an assortment of injuries, including a lacerated kidney. After the season, Luck said he decided to undergo rehab rather than opt for surgery. But after aggravating the injury several times last season, he decided to have surgery.
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL .
The GM logo is seen at the General Motors Warren Transmission Operations Plant in Warren, Michigan October 26, 2015. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - General Motors Co's self-driving unit, Cruise Automation, told California regulators its vehicles were involved in six crashes in the state in September, but said none of automated vehicles were responsible.
The accidents did not result in any injuries or serious damage, according to the GM reports, but did demonstrate the challenges for developers of self-driving cars confronted by crowded urban streets.
A U.S. Senate panel on Wednesday approved legislation that would allow automakers to greatly expand testing of self-driving cars. Some safety groups have objected to the proposal, saying it gives too much latitude to automakers.
The incidents also demonstrate the difficulties of self-driving cars that obey all traffic laws coexisting with less careful human drivers. In total, GM Cruise vehicles have been involved in 13 crashes reported to California regulators in 2017, while Alphabet Inc's Waymo vehicles have been involved in three crashes.
California state law requires that all crashes involving self-driving vehicles be reported, regardless of severity.
Most of the crashes involved drivers of other vehicles striking the GM cars that were slowing for stop signs, pedestrian or other issues. In one crash, a driver of a Ford Ranger was on his cell phone when he rear-ended a Chevrolet Bolt that was stopped at a red light.
In another instance, the driver of a Chevrolet Bolt noticed an intoxicated cyclist in San Francisco going the wrong direction towards the Bolt. The human driver stopped the Bolt and the cyclist hit the bumper and fell over. The bicyclist pulled on a sensor attached to the vehicle causing minor damage.
In another incident on Sept. 15 in San Francisco, a Dodge Charger in the left-turn lane attempted to illegally pass a Bolt in driverless mode. The GM Cruise employee took control of the vehicle and the Dodge scraped the front sensor and fled the scene without stopping.
"All our incidents this year were caused by the other vehicle," said a Rebecca Mark, spokeswoman for GM Cruise.
On Tuesday, Kyle Vogt, the head of Cruise Automation, highlighted his operation's decision to test vehicles in San Francisco to speed development of the software that will pilot fully self-driving vehicles in the future.
In an August Waymo crash in Palo Alto, a driver took control of the autonomous vehicle after a vehicle ahead of it swerved to avoid an object on the road. The Waymo vehicle's rear bumper scraped the left front bumper of a van in the adjacent lane.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Sandra Maler)
By Scott T. Sterling
Sam Smith has announced that his new album The Thrill Of It All will be released on November 3.
The announcement was coupled with the release of a new single, “Pray.” The song is mid-paced and emotive, matching Smith's powerful vocals with piano and a sparse beat, and gradually blossoming with a background choir, strings and guitar. “Pray” was produced by Timbaland.
The singer also announced a large run of North American tour dates for 2018.
Related: Sam Smith Shares Emotional ‘Too Good at Goodbyes' Video
Smith recently sat with Radio.com to discuss the new album.
“It's a diary, but not just about me, the singer said. “It's my thoughts and feelings on my family, fame, the world, all these different things. It's still a diary just attacked it from a different angle.”
Sam also opened up about the role his family played in the making of his sophomore effort.
“My family have been a part of every single moment of this record, I live with my sister so every time I come back from the studio, I play her everything I've made,” he said. “I sat with my mom and dad this time a lot and actually my mom throws amazing dinner parties and I would go over their house and we'd all crack open a bottle of wine and we'd sit round the table and I'd play them stuff. They're actually really honest with me and when they're not feeling something they'll let me know, and I'll disagree with them.”
“My dad hated, “Stay with Me” I remember when I played it for him he absolutely hated it, so they're very honest,” he continued.
“Some of my family's stories have made it into the album so, which, it's an amazing thing. The relationships my family have been in have inspired songs so it's also their diary now as well.”
Sam Smith is set to perform at this year's We Can Survive concert, set for Oct. 21 at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles. Smith will appear alongside Alessia Cara, Harry Styles, Kesha, Khalid, Lorde, Macklemore, P!nk and Sam Hunt.
Check out “Pray” and the full tracklisting for The Thrill Of It All below.
The Thrill Of It All – Standard Track Listing
Too Good At Goodbyes
Say It First
One Last Song
Midnight Train
Burning
Him
Baby, You Make Me Crazy
No Peace (feat. YEBBA)
Palace
Pray
U.S. Deluxe Edition also includes:
Nothing Left For You
The Thrill Of It All
Scars
One Day At A Time
The Thrill Of It All Tour – 2018 North American Dates
6/18 – Toronto, ON @ Air Canada Centre
6/19 – Montreal, QC @ Bell Centre
6/22 – Detroit, MI Little @ Caesars Arena
6/23 – Columbus, OH @ Nationwide Arena
6/26 – Boston, MA @ TD Garden
6/27 – Brooklyn, @ NY Barclays Center
6/29 – New York, NY @ Madison Square Garden
7/3 – Washington, DC @ Capital One Arena
7/4 – Philadelphia, PA @ Wells Fargo Center
7/6 – Charlotte, NC @ Spectrum Center
7/7 – Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
7/10 – Duluth, GA @ Infinite Energy Center
7/11 – Orlando, FL @ Amway Center
7/13 – Tampa, FL @ Amalie Arena
7/14 – Miami, FL @ AmericanAirlines Arena
7/17 – New Orleans, LA @ Smoothie King Center
7/18 – Houston, TX @ Toyota Center
7/20 – Dallas, TX @ American Airlines Center
7/21 – Austin, TX @ Frank Erwin Center
7/25 – Monterrey, MEX @ Arena Monterrey
7/27 – Mexico City, MEX @ Palacio de los Deportes
8/14 – Saint Paul, MN @ Xcel Energy Center
8/15 – Chicago, IL @ United Center
8/17 – St. Louis, MO @ Chaifetz Arena
8/18 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
8/21 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center
8/22 – Salt Lake City, UT @ Vivint Smart Home Arena
8/24 – Sacramento, CA @ Golden 1 Center
8/28 – Los Angeles, CA @ STAPLES Center
8/29 – Los Angeles, CA @ STAPLES Center
8/31 – Glendale, AZ @Gila River Arena
9/1 – San Diego, CA @ Valley View Casino Center
9/4 – Oakland, CA @ Oracle Arena
9/5 – San Jose, CA @ SAP Center
9/7 – Portland, OR @ Moda Center
9/8 – Seattle, WA @ KeyArena
9/10 – Vancouver, BC @ Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena
9/12 – Edmonton, AB @ Rogers Place
9/13 – Calgary, AB @ Scotiabank Saddledome
TOPEKA, Kan. — Kansas lawmakers suffering sticker shock over a report saying that improving the state's public schools could cost an additional $2 billion a year began Monday to consider setting less ambitious educational goals than the ones that led to the big price tag.
The out-of-state consultants behind last week's study provided new, lower estimates tied to more modest goals for improving the state's high school graduation rate and students' performance on standardized tests. Some Republican lawmakers who were stunned by last week's report appeared less anxious after the consultants testified during a committee meeting Monday.
Legislators are facing a Kansas Supreme Court mandate to increase spending on public schools after it ruled in October that the current education funding isn't sufficient under the state constitution. GOP leaders commissioned the consultants' report, with some Republicans hoping it would show that the state already was spending close to enough money.
Instead, the report released Friday came with a potentially big price tag: a 44 per cent increase in school districts' more than $4 billion a year in operating funds. But the cost was tied to increasing the statewide graduation rate from 86 per cent to 95 per cent and vastly improving student scores on standardized tests, and legislative lawyers suggested the goal was to hit both targets by 2022.
The consultants, Texas A&M University professor Lori Taylor and Jason Willis, a director at the San Francisco-based non-profit education research agency WestEd, said the state could take a decade or longer to hit those goals. Or, they said, the state could set other targets, such as a graduation rate of 90 per cent or 92 per cent.
“It's time for that really broad discussion of: ‘What is it that we want to have?”‘ said state Sen. Molly Baumgardner, a conservative Louisburg Republican and chairwoman of a special Senate school funding committee. “What are realistic outcomes for us?”
For example, the consultants said, setting the target graduation rate at 92 per cent could cost the state as little as $228 million more a year, depending on how ambitious it was about improving students' test scores.
Baumgardner's committee and a House school funding panel met together for more than two hours Monday to review the consultants' report and question them. Senate Majority Leader Jim Denning, a conservative Kansas City-area Republican, said the big potential costs resulted from “lofty” goals and questioned whether the state should “chase” a 95 per cent graduation rate.
Hitting the goal would give Kansas the highest graduation rate in the nation. State officials promised the federal government last year that it would hit the mark — but by 2030.
The state Supreme Court also is concerned with how well students perform. Four local school districts sued the state over education funding in 2010, and the justices have ruled that legislators are failing to finance a suitable education for every child. The court has said one of its biggest concerns is helping to underperform students.
“People will always talk about how much we want to do until we get the bill,” said Kansas Association of School Boards lobbyist Mark Tallman.
Senate Minority Leader Anthony Hensley, a Topeka Democrat, said as he left the meeting that he believes lawmakers could satisfy the court by phasing in a $300 million increase in funding over a few years and committing to future increases to keep up with inflation.
But Senate President Susan Wagle, a conservative Wichita Republican, still predicted after the meeting that the state could need a big tax increase to satisfy the court's demands. She issued a statement far more pessimistic than comments even from other Republicans.
“The bottom line is that Kansans cannot afford what the court is demanding, and we cannot afford what the new study is recommending,” Wagle said.
——
Follow John Hanna on Twitter: https://twitter.com/apjdhanna
(AP Photo/Charles Zoeller). Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York.
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on the explosion in Manhattan in an underground passageway (all times local):
11:55 a.m.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says he has ordered extra security at mass transit hubs in his state following the pipe bomb explosion in a passageway near Times Square in Manhattan.
New Jersey Transit buses have resumed normal service Monday into New York City's Port Authority Bus Terminal.
New York City also has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to him caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
___
10:20 a.m.
New York City has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to him caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Metropolitan Transportation Authority Chairman Joseph Lhota (LOH'-tuh) says trains on the Seventh and Eighth avenue lines were still bypassing the Times Square corridor as the investigation proceeded Monday morning. But he says overall service is back to normal.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
Police say he attached the device to his body with Velcro and zip ties.
- By Colleen Long
___
10 a.m.
New York City police say they are combing through video of the bombing in the subway system.
They say the suspect meant to set off the bomb, but it's not clear if he meant to do so in a passageway in the Times Square area where it went off Monday during the morning rush hour.
Twenty-seven-year-old Akayed Ullah is in police custody. Officials say he sustained burns to his abdomen and hands and cuts after the crude pipe bomb exploded.
Law enforcement officials say Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
- By Colleen Long
___
9:55 a.m.
Police have identified the 27-year-old man who detonated an explosive device strapped to his body in the New York City subway.
Police say Akayed Ullah intentionally exploded the crude device in a passageway under Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday. They say he is in custody. They say the device is a crudely-made pipe bomb.
Authorities called the incident an attempted terrorist attack. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands.
Law enforcement officials say he was inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
___
9:45 a.m.
Police Commissioner James O'Neill says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was a terror-related incident.
A 27-year-old man had a crude pipe bomb strapped to him and it went off in a passageway from Seventh and Eighth Avenues near Times Square.
Three people suffered minor non-life-threatening injuries. The suspect was also injured and was taken into custody.
Mayor Bill de Blasio says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was an attempted terrorist attack. He says it's lucky the suspect didn't achieve his ultimate goals.
Law enforcement officials say he was inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
___
9:40 a.m.
A photo published by the New York Post from the scene of the Manhattan subway explosion shows a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and a police officer holding the man's hands behind his back.
Soot covers the man's bare midriff.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following the pipe bomb explosion at the height of the morning rush hour Monday.
None of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:30 a.m.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following a pipe bomb explosion in a New York City subway at the height of the morning rush hour.
Fire officials say Monday none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:15 a.m.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
The explosion filled the passageway with smoke while it was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal, the nation's largest bus hub, was shut down, along with the eight subway lines and all streets around Times Square.
___
8:45 a.m.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off on a New York City subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
___
8:40 a.m.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal are diverting to other locations following an explosion in New York City.
NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken. From there, they can take trains or PATH into the city.
Trains, PATH, light rail and ferries are honoring bus tickets into New York.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
___
8:25 a.m.
A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
There was no immediate word of any other injuries.
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
- Associated Press writer Colleen Long
___
8 a.m.
The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square.
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal.
It's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal.
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
There were no immediate reports of injuries.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (WTLV) — A Florida teenager who survived a shark bite at Jacksonville's Hanna Park says he plans to surf again.
“It hasn't really kicked in,” Keanan Perry, 17, told our NBC affiliate. “I still just wake up and I just feel injured, you know? I'm not like, ‘oh I got bit by a shark,' just like ‘my foot's hurt.' That's all I think.”
Perry said he was surfing and caught a wave all the way into shore Friday and landed in a sandbar. As soon as his toes hit the sand, he felt something clamp down on his foot and ankle.
He never saw the shark and didn't realize what happened until he pulled his foot out of the water.
“You can like to see the rows of teeth on the very bottom. You can see it's like nice, clean rows,” Perry said.
The teen was taken to the hospital, where he underwent surgery for a torn Achilles tendon.
He tells our WTLV he hopes his story doesn't deter others from getting into the water.
Full story here.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — Wajid Aminu scored 20 points, Noah Horchler and JT Escobar added 19 points each and North Florida held off Stetson 97-91 Saturday night.
Aminu was 5 of 6 from the line in the last 3:46 as Stetson threatened. He also converted a three-point play with 1:08 remaining that pushed the Ospreys lead to 89-83.
Escobar was also clutch at the free-throw line, making 6 of 6 in the last 1:44.
North Florida (11-15, 5-4 Atlantic Sun) shot 64 per cent from the field (33 of 52) and converted 22 of 29 free throws. The Ospreys won the battle of the boards 38-22.
D.J. Myles led four Hatters into double figures with 24 points on 11 of 16 shooting, Luke Doyle tossed in 20, B.J. Glasford 14 and Angel Rivera 11. Stetson (10-16, 2-7) shot 53 per cent (38 of 72) but went to the line only nine times, making seven. Glasford and Abayomi Iyiola fouled out.
DALLAS — Allison Preiss became a hero to airline passengers this spring when she scored a $10,000 travel voucher for losing her seat on an oversold flight.
Negotiating skill mixed with a bit of luck helped Preiss land the elusive payoff.
With the peak summer travel season right around the corner, other passengers can learn from Preiss's example if they wind up on an overcrowded flight.
There are two situations that passengers might find themselves in, and their rights — and bargaining power — vary greatly between them.
In the first, an airline forces a passenger off a flight for lack of space — called bumping. Under federal rules, the passenger is entitled to cash compensation, not just a voucher, and a seat on a later flight. Bumped passengers whose travel is delayed for at least an hour are entitled to up to $1,350 in compensation, with the amount based on the length of the delay and the one-way price of the ticket.
“The vast majority of Americans take one airline trip a year, and since vouchers are usually valid for just one year, most people should ask for cash,” said George Hobica, a travel expert who founded the airfarewatchdog.com website. But, he added, frequent fliers might want to negotiate to see how high the airline will go with a voucher.
That's what Preiss did back in March. Thanks to a broken seat, United bumped her from a flight from Dulles Airport outside Washington to Austin, Texas. But Preiss had leverage because United couldn't find anyone willing to give up their seat. She calculated that she was entitled to about $650 in cash based on the price of her ticket, and she turned down a $2,000 voucher. Then a second United employee said she could offer a voucher up to $10,000 plus a seat on a later flight, and Preiss took it.
The second situation occurs when the airline hasn't yet kicked anyone off an overbooked flight but instead looks for people to take a later flight in exchange for compensation — usually a voucher; the airline is not legally required to pay cash to volunteers.
When airlines know a flight is overbooked, they will make lowball offers to customers at ticket counters, kiosks and gate areas. They will raise the amount of the vouchers until they find a taker, pitting passengers against each other in a kind of reverse auction.
“My advice would be to start high,” said Brian Kelly, CEO of travel website The Points Guy. “If you're going to be displaced for several hours, don't take the quick and easy $200 (voucher).”
Kelly said a $400 voucher for getting off a domestic flight or $800 for an international one would be “a solid starting point.”
Travel experts suspect that airlines prefer vouchers partly because a high percentage of them never get used. The airlines do not disclose redemption rates.
Airlines have gotten very good at buying off passengers on overbooked flights. Last year, about 23,000 passengers were forcibly bumped — the lowest rate since the federal government started keeping track in 1995 — while nearly 342,000 people took an airline's offer and gave up their seat.
You might wonder how airlines ever come up short on seats.
Airlines can legally oversell flights — although some, like JetBlue, say they don't — on the assumption that some people won't show up. Overbooking can also occur when bad weather or a mechanical breakdown causes flights to be cancelled, forcing the airline to scramble to accommodate stranded passengers.
Sometimes airlines switch a flight to a smaller plane with fewer seats. Occasionally, they need to make room for an air marshal or employees. And airlines may cancel flights or limit seating on smaller planes in hot weather because the thinner air makes it harder to generate enough lift for takeoff.
If you take a voucher for getting off a flight, there are some rules you should know. For instance, most airlines won't replace lost vouchers, and they can't be sold, although Delta allows them to be transferred to someone flying on the same reservation as the person who got the voucher.
On Southwest, vouchers can only be applied to airfare while American also lets them cover taxes and fees and Delta vouchers can be applied to government taxes. But you can't use vouchers to purchase extra legroom or an in-flight meal.
If your airline looks for volunteers to get off an overcrowded flight, experts offer this advice before accepting a voucher:
— Insist on a confirmed seat, not standby, on the next available flight in addition to the voucher for future travel.
— If you will be stuck for an extended time, ask for meal or hotel vouchers too.
— Ask when the travel voucher expires — typically they are good for one year — and whether it can be combined with other discounts.
— Find out if the voucher can be used on other airlines; American and Delta vouchers can be used on some partner airlines, United and Southwest certificates cannot.
Kelly, the travel-points expert, advises that no matter what, “don't get stressed.”
“Look at it as an opportunity for a nice little payday.”
——
Major airline guidelines on vouchers:
American: https://evouchers.aa.com/terms.jsp
Delta: https://bit.ly/2LwsD4U
United: https://bit.ly/2m5Na4d
Southwest: https://swa.is/2sdVAcU
U.S. Department of Transportation: https://www.transportation.gov/airconsumer/fly-rights#Overbooking
——
David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter
EDINBURG, Texas — Nick Dixon scored 23 points with five rebounds, four assists and four steals as UT Rio Grande Valley rallied in the final nine minutes to beat UC Irvine 73-59 on Saturday night.
Dan Kimasa added 12 points for the Vaqueros (6-6) who trailed by 11 at intermission before outscoring UC Irvine 46-21 in the second half.
UC Irvine led 34-17 late in the first half and 38-27 at the break. But UTRGV opened the second half on a 13-4 surge, cutting the Anteaters (4-8) lead to 42-40 with 12:17 to play.
Max Hazzard answered with back-to-back 3-pointers to help stretch it to 50-42 with 9:50 left but UC Irvine scored only one field goal the rest of the game, allowing Kimasa, Dixon and Leslie Varner Jr. to lead the Vaqueros' comeback. Kimasa tied it at 52-all on a 3-point play and led the final 8-0 push to the final score.
Hazzard scored 16 points to lead the Anteaters who have lost three straight.
Gregg Popovich discusses what happened in the third quarter for the San Antonio Spurs and how they bounced back in the fourth to beat Memphis in Game 2.
More FOX Sports Southwest Videos Thanks for the memories, Tony Romo Rangers Live: A look at Tony Beasley's Special Night Banister on Odor: ‘First night out was pretty impressive' Rangers Live: A look at Yu Darvish's Night Rangers Live: Odor Showing Improvements on Defense Rangers Live: The bats showed up Opening Night More FOX Sports Southwest Videos
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Vancouver 4, Colorado 3, OT
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
WASHINGTON (WFLA) — You may not like the cold weather that's sweeping the east coast, but a giant panda at the National Zoo is thrilled!
Over the weekend, Mei Xiang was seen rolling around and somersaulting in the snow at the National Zoo in Washington, D.C. Her adorable acrobats were caught on video and posted online, where it has since been liked and shared thousands of times.
The zoo says giant pandas are native to the cold climate and are more active in the wintertime.
Another video was posted Sunday showing red panda Asa and giant panda Bei Bei playing around in the snow.
More Pandas in the snow! Keepers caught this view of red panda Asa climbing in the ❄️ this morning. (Yup, that's 🐼 #BeiBei in the neighboring yard.) #PandaStory pic.twitter.com/D45NrVb1IF — National Zoo (@NationalZoo) December 10, 2017
The zoo released a statement over the weekend saying they are working to ensure all animals and visitors are healthy and comfortable as temperatures drop.
“Most of the animals at the Zoo are selected for their ability to thrive in Washington, D.C.'s year-round climate,” the statement reads.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
How do you avoid the throngs of sun seekers when you just want a waterfront vacation away from it all?
A private island, where you're secluded from all but a handful of staff and fellow guests, may be just what the doctor ordered.
Here are four tropical, and one not-so-tropical, island getaways where you can escape and unwind.
Necker Island, British Virgin Islands
One of the most famous and over-the-top private islands is this Caribbean compound owned by Sir Richard Branson.
The 74-acre Necker Island retreat is where the Obamas vacationed after leaving the White House back in January. (You probably even saw the pics of the former president having a kite surfing battle with Branson.)
You, along with 33 of your best friends and family, can live it up here as well for a cool $80,000 a night.
For that sum you'll have access to the island's 17 guest bedrooms, along with the bunkhouse that sleeps up to six kids; multiple pools; tennis courts; spa; a full staff, including Michelin-trained chefs; all sorts of recreational toys and watersports (there's even a zip line); and more.
If the entire island is a bit out of reach, you can also sign up for one of what they call their Celebration Weeks, when you can rent out an individual room for three to 10 nights.
The Meridian Club, Turks and Caicos
One of the most attractive components of a private island retreat is, of course, the beach, and the dreamy Meridian Club on its own 800-acre plot called Pine Cay boasts some of the prettiest stretches of sand in the Caribbean, not to mention calm, clear waters that are ideal for snorkeling and diving.
All of the rooms here look out onto the water and feature a screened-in porch where you can sit back and savor the view.
Another major perk of a stay here is that the Meridian Club is all inclusive, so everything from your meals to your equipment rentals is included. Heck, even the postcards are included.
Petit St. Vincent, St. Vincent and the Grenadines
No shoes, no phone, no TV, no Internet, no problem. That's the thinking at Petit St. Vincent, an unspoiled 115-acre paradise in the southern Caribbean boasting just 22 luxe cottages and villas.
The way you get the staff's attention here is with flags; hoist up the yellow flag to let them know you need room service, transportation somewhere or have some other request, and let the red flag fly when you just want to be left alone.
Here, amid the miles of white-sand beach and tropical woodland, you can fully unwind and take a break from all of the texts, emails and phone calls that bombard our daily lives.
Your only tasks involve sampling some locally caught seafood at one of the weekly beach barbecues, enjoying an alfresco massage at the hillside spa and taking a leisurely barefoot stroll under the starlit sky.
Renaissance Aruba Resort & Casino, Aruba
How do you avoid the throngs of sun seekers when you just want a waterfront vacation away from it all?
If the thought of unplugging entirely or having an entire island all to your lonesome brings up a whole scary Tom Hanks in “Castaway” scenario for you, you can always opt for a stay at a resort like the Renaissance Aruba, which isn't on its own private island, but which has its own private island that you can zip off to whenever the mood strikes.
Just head to the boat dock on the lower level immediately below the lobby for the eight-minute ride to the resort's 40-acre private enclave, where you can feed the flamingos, go snorkeling, grab lunch and a cocktail, or simply kick back in a hammock with a good book.
The island is even separated into two distinct sides — one for families and one for adults only.
Spruce Island, Stonington, Maine
Of course, not all islands have swaying palms and sandy beaches. Take this remote 80-acre refuge in the heart of New England. Its landscape is mostly spruce forest, surrounded by a granite shoreline and clusters of small neighboring islands almost as far as the eye can see.
A vacation here reminds you a bit of summer camp, with sailing and fishing, horseshoes, badminton and roasting marshmallows over a toasty fire.
Proprietor Colie O'Donnell, who bought the island back in 1986, says that kids who stay here often just pitch a tent and sleep out by the water's edge, despite the fact that the property has a total of 18 beds in both the big main house and the bunkhouse.
Also like camp, its time is limited; Spruce Island is only available for rent late May through mid-October.
Gas prices creep upwards
| By
The cost of gasoline is continuing to go up across the state. More on this story from WFIR's Bob Clark.
3-19 gas Prices Rise Wrap #1-WEB
"This will be the first time everyone will have a chance to play the game (a moment we have long been anticipating!) and we can't wait to hear what you think about it," Sega wrote on Twitter. "We have many new plans to reveal over the coming weeks to give you all more insight into the series, so stay tuned!"
An important update on Yakuza 6 : The Song of Life pic.twitter.com/8MILlBPI4x — Yakuza Game (@yakuzagame) February 2, 2018
Yakuza 6 came out in Japan in late December, closing up series protagonist Kazuma Kiryu's vengeful storyline in the fictional Japanese town of Kamurocho. Yakuza is a third-person, open-world, action-heavy franchise known for its over-the-top characters and ridiculous side tasks. The Song of Life is the seventh game in the series -- the most recent installments to hit the US were Yakuza Kiwami, a remake of the first title, and Yakuza 0, a prequel that came to PS4 in January 2017 and was received warmly by fans and newcomers.
The PS4 won't be hurting for big games in April. God of War -- another big-name, single-player, PS4-exclusive game -- comes to Sony's console on April 20th. God of War is a major first-party title for Sony and the new game has held a starring role at the company's past two E3 press conferences.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- Biometric equipment used in Taiwan's e-Gate border control system was manufactured by the China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation (CASIC) with pre-installed backdoors that provide the Chinese military organization with private data on Taiwanese citizens, representing a serious security crisis for Taiwan, according to sources who spoke to Liberty Times.
According to the report, the CASIC, formerly the 5th Academy of the Ministry of Defense, sold the automated border control (ABC) system used in Taiwan's three major airport e-Gates to Taiwanese manufactures at a discount in order to entice them to buy its hardware laced with malicious firmware, with the objective of covertly gathering private data on people using the system.
The Agency Against Corruption and other government agencies involved in the investigation have not yet commented on the latest allegations. However the National Immigration Agency stressed that the Executive Yuan's security department and the National Security Bureau have completed security checks on the system and have yet to find any suspicious backdoor programs or a leakage of data.
Two of the individuals under investigation for their relation to the purchase of the ABC system are; Shih Ming-te (施明德), who is the former head of the NIA's Information Division, and the current Information Center Director in the Ministry of the Interior; and Chen Ying-Cheih (陳英傑), a former NIA section chief.
They are suspected of a possible a bid-rigging arrangement and possible collusive tendering related to the purchase of, and bids to operate the ABC system, according to the CNA.
A Taiwanese company, headed by Lee Chi-shen (李奇申) was reportedly awarded the bid for operation of the ABC system by Shih. Lee's corporation, the Transtep Technology Group, provides biometric security solutions that are sourced from China.
According to the report, law enforcement officials suspect Lee offered Shih financial benefits in exchange for the award to Lee's company.
Lee is suspected to have secret connections with individuals in China and to have sent some of his personnel to the Shenzhen Academy of Aerospace Technology for "training," which may have further compromised the border security system.
Experts worry that private and potentially sensitive data about Taiwanese citizens may have been compromised via the Transtep Technology Group's information systems, which would be a serious breach of national security.
Implemented at airports and harbors in January 2012, Taiwan's e-Gate system uses facial and fingerprint recognition technology to identify travelers entering and leaving the country.
The automated immigration clearance system is open to Taiwanese citizens over the age of 14 and foreign nationals who hold Alien Resident Certificates (ARCs) or Diplomatic Identification Cards. Citizens of China, Hong Kong, and Macau with exit and entry resident permits are also eligible for the e-Gate service. Therefore, if such a backdoor exists, not only Taiwanese, but also foreign residents could have their private data now in the hands of the Chinese government.
In October 2017, the government announced that it would be introducing electronic ID cards starting in 2018.
On Nov. 11, Taiwan News published an editorial by Luis Ko about the logistical reasons why pursuing an eID at this point in time is not in the best interests of Taiwan.
Ko stated so long as the Taiwan government can "not fulfill preconditions to safeguard information safety, then it should not be issuing electronic identity cards to be used by the public."
The CEO: Logan Rae, 22, co-founder (with Kim Hruda) of Bacon Boxes
School: Class of 2017 at Florida Atlantic University
From: Miami, Florida
Based in: Boca Raton, Florida
Number of employees: 2-3 part time; with seasonal delivery drivers it goes up to 5.
Sleep: 4-7 hours a night
Our a-ha moment
The idea came in early 2015. I had made a bacon bouquet for a friend that I delivered to a busy office. All the women went crazy over it. I had a final right after, but I took on the project on my own. It was insane. So when Kim and I decided that we had to do this, she and I sat on the kitchen floor with a bottle of wine and a laptop and started planning and mapping it out.
Logan Rae, co-founder of Bacon Boxes. Her advice to other entrepreneurs: "Don't doubt yourself."
I had seen something similar from Edible Arrangements, but I was making a gift for a man, and I wanted it to be budget-controlled. You can go on Pinterest and see how people do these things, but it's hard to recreate.
The biggest issue we have with Bacon Boxes is having a big enough facility to distribute for the demand. We had a 357 percent sales increase from our first Valentine's Day to our second. Over the holiday, we still do ridiculous shifts. We cure, smoke and slice the bacon ourselves. It's a premium bacon. In order to get this quality you're going to have to sit down at a five-star restaurant.
We haven't gotten any type of capital infusion. We're still completely woman-owned. We're at a point right now where we're considering some agreements that could take the business to the next level.
How I juggle school and business
Here's a little curveball for you: I have a four-year-old. He's so cute. We'll hire gorgeous girls to come out and do events and my son gets better tips than the girls. It's good that he's getting it early on, what it means to work for yourself. I wake up really early, and then part of being balanced is making sure I have time to meditate and work out and get myself feeling good. That's when my day starts. I try to eat. Sometimes it doesn't happen. What's most important to us is making sure the quality stays the same, that there are no corners cut. The minute we start talking to investors, they say ‘outsource outsource outsource,' and to create this type of product, we can't.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Katy Tur: Why I Chose UC Santa Barbara 2:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Definition of success
Success came when Kim and I reached a level where we could support ourselves, have fun, and still maintain our standards, like sourcing from family-owned farms.
My advice to other entrepreneurs
The most important thing they can do is research and call. School, and even your bank, can give you advice. Find free tax services to answer questions. Make sure you're doing everything right. Don't doubt yourself. A lot of the time we look at what we started with, and back then we said, there's no way we'll be able to blow it up and be able to work for ourselves full-time. And then a year later, there we were.
CHICAGO — An autopsy has determined that a 19-year-old woman whose body was found inside a suburban Chicago hotel freezer died of hypothermia from exposure to cold conditions.
Kenneka Jenkins' body was found Sept. 10 in a walk-in freezer at the Crowne Plaza Chicago O'Hare Hotel in Rosemont. Jenkins had left her Chicago home to attend a party at the hotel. She was found about 24 hours after relatives contacted the hotel and police to report her missing.
Surveillance videos released by police days later show Jenkins, alone, wandering through a kitchen area near the freezer.
The Cook County medical examiner's office says toxicology tests found alcohol, caffeine and an epilepsy/migraine medication in Jenkins' system.
The medical examiner concluded her death was an accident.
Greg Barry, 64
SPRINGFIELD (March 19, 2018) – Greg Barry, 64, of Springfield passed away Saturday afternoon, March 17, 2018, at Heritage Hospice in Springfield.
Greg was born Feb. 1, 1954, in Urbana, a son of Donald T. Barry and Jane Ruth (Lanter) Barry.
Greg worked as the property manager for County Care Centers, a family business. After the nursing homes were sold, Greg started Barry Home Inspection Service in Springfield.
Greg was proud to be a state champion walleye fisherman, loved animals and working on electronics, and was a jack of all trades.
Greg was preceded in death by his father, Donald T. Barry, in December 2017.
Private family services will be held at Davis-Anderson Funeral Home in Carlinville. Burial will follow in Asbury Cemetery.
Greg is survived by his mother, Jane R. Barry of Springfield; sister, Jamie Barry (David) Fullington of Carlinville; niece, Gina (Tom Schnebelt) Verticcho of Edwardsville; Jono (Angela) Verticcho of Carlinville; niece, Juliana (Matt Levy) Verticcho of St. Louis, Mo.; and Trudy Barry of Sarasota, Fla.
Memorials may be made to Memorial Hospice at Heritage or Springfield Animal Protective League.
Visit davisandersonfuneralhome.com to leave condolences or light a candle in his memory.
Davis-Anderson Funeral Home, Carlinville, is in charge of arrangements.
ROME — Italian lawmakers are demanding Brazil extradite Italian communist militant Cesare Battisti after he was caught near the Bolivian border.
A chorus of lawmakers, including ex-Premier Matteo Renzi, are demanding that Battisti finally face justice for Italian murder convictions.
Justice Minister Andrea Orlando says extradition “is possible” and that Italy is determined he serves time to “give back, at least in part, what was taken from our country and the families of his victims.”
Battisti escaped from Italian prison in 1981 while awaiting trial on four counts of murder allegedly committed when he was a member of the Armed Proletarians for Communism. He was convicted in absentia in 1990. He has acknowledged membership in the group but denies killing anyone.
Ex-Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva rejected extradition in 2010.
Residents of Guam spoke about two key issues as the Pacific island sits in the crosshairs of escalating tensions between North Korea and the United States.
Residents of Guam spoke about two key issues as the Pacific island sits in the crosshairs of escalating tensions between North Korea and the United States.
Across Guam _ where nearly everyone is Roman Catholic _ priests are praying for peace as residents of the U.S. Pacific island territory face a missile threat from North Korea.
Across Guam _ where nearly everyone is Roman Catholic _ priests are praying for peace as residents of the U.S. Pacific island territory face a missile threat from North Korea.
North Korea, now talking of a possible missile launch toward Guam, just a few months ago conducted a similar rehearsal strike on a U.S. base _ and it warranted nary a tweet from Trump.
North Korea, now talking of a possible missile launch toward Guam, just a few months ago conducted a similar rehearsal strike on a U.S. base _ and it warranted nary a tweet from Trump.
(AP Photo/Tassanee Vejpongsa). A rainbow appears over Tumon Bay, Guam Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Residents of the U.S. Pacific island territory of Guam face a missile threat from North Korea.
By GRACE GARCES BORDALLO and TASSANEE VEJPONGSAAssociated Press
HAGATNA, Guam (AP) - Tourists haven't been deterred from visiting the tropical island of Guam even though the U.S. territory has been the target of threats from North Korea during a week of angry words exchanged by Pyongyang and Washington.
Chiho Tsuchiya of Japan heard the news, but she decided to come anyway with her husband and two children. "I feel Japan and Korea also can get danger from North Korea, so staying home is the same," said the 40-year-old.
Won Hyung-jin, an official from Modetour, a large South Korean travel agency, said several customers called with concerns, but they weren't worried enough to pay cancellation fees for their trips.
"It seems North Korea racks up tension once or twice every year, and travelers have become insensitive about it," Won said. His company has sent about 5,000 travelers to Guam a month this year, mostly on package tours.
The U.S. territory has a population of 160,000, but it attracted 1.5 million visitors last year. One-third of Guam's jobs are in the tourism industry.
Guam is a key outpost for the U.S. military, which uses it as a base for bombers and submarines.
The island's sandy beaches and aquamarine waters make it a popular getaway for travelers from Japan and South Korea. Guam is only about three hours by plane from major cities in both countries.
The number of South Korean travelers in particular has been growing lately because five low-cost airlines started flying to Guam from South Korea, said Antonio Muna, the vice president of Guam Visitors Bureau. This helped boost arrival figures to a 20-year high in July, Muna said.
The threats came in a week in which longstanding tensions between the countries risked abruptly boiling over. New United Nations sanctions condemning the North's rapidly developing nuclear program drew fresh ire and threats from Pyongyang. President Donald Trump responded by vowing to rain down "fire and fury" if challenged. The North then threatened to lob missiles near Guam.
Kenji Kikuchi, 39, arrived from Japan last week and planned to leave Tuesday as scheduled. He was aware of the threat from reading the local newspaper and was a little worried. But he said North Korea's missiles would fall in the water not on Guam. His 8-year-old son and 4-year-old daughter weren't concerned.
"They talk about it, but they don't care about it. So they like the sea and the pool," he said.
The Guam Visitors Bureau has heard reports of cancellations, but Muna said it doesn't yet have any concrete figures on how many took place. Officials are still expecting a strong August, Muna said.
"Japan and Korea make over 90 percent of our arrivals. And they're much closer to North Korea than Guam is," Muna said.
The agency has been relaying assurances from the governor and defense officials that Guam is protected and safe, he said.
Trump told Guam's Republican governor the global attention would send more tourists to the island.
"You're going to go up like tenfold with the expenditure of no money," he told Gov. Eddie Calvo in a telephone conversation Calvo posted Sunday on Facebook. Trump said he'd been watching scenes of Guam on the news, and "it just looks like a beautiful place."
At a news conference Monday, Calvo said that Guam is in a "normal state of readiness and it's business as usual."
There is "no change in security threat levels."
He told the reporters that "we are defended and will be protected."
___
Associated Press writers Kim Tong-hyung in Seoul, South Korea, and Audrey McAvoy in Honolulu contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
APPLETON, Wis. - As severe weather tore through Wisconsin Wednesday, one woman was face-to-face with some of the worst of the storms.
The video was taken by an NBC26 viewer in Appleton, Wisconsin on Kensington Drive. The woman was safe, but shaken up after the experience.
Watch the video above to see more.
(WTVM) – As Christmas creeps closer, people are running out of time to send their packages across the country.
No one wants their packages to arrive after the holidays because of shipping deadlines, so shipping companies are posting important dates on their websites to help customers ship on time.
You can avoid the stress of sending your packages too late by sending them out by the below deadlines:
Amazon
Dec. 15 – Free shipping
Dec. 18 – Standard shipping, free for Amazon Prime members
Dec. 22 – Two-day shipping, free for Amazon Prime members
Dec. 23 – One-day shipping, available in select cities and free for Prime members
Dec. 24 – Same-day delivery, available in select cities and free for Prime members
Dec. 24 – Two-hour delivery, available in select cities and free for Prime members via Prime Now
For more details visit Amazon's customer page.
FedEx
Dec. 11 - Last day to send via FedEx SmartPost
Dec. 15 - Last day to send via FedEx Ground
Dec. 18 - Last day to send via FedEx Home Delivery
Dec. 19 - Last day to send via FedEx Express Saver
Dec. 20 - Last day to send via FedEx 2Day and FedEx 2Day A.M.
Dec. 21 - Last day to send via FedEx Standard Overnight, Priority Overnight and First Overnight.
International shipping and more details can be found on FedEx's website.
U.S. Postal Service
Dec. 14 – Last day to send packages via Retail Ground
Dec. 19 – Last day to send packages via First-Class Mail
Dec. 20 – Last day to send packages via Priority Mail
Dec. 22 – Last day to send packages via Priority Mail Express Service
Postal Service lists can be found here.
UPS
Dec. 18 – Last day for UPS 3 Day Select
Dec. 20 – Last day for UPS 2 nd Day Air (excludes Saturday delivery)
Day Air (excludes Saturday delivery) Dec. 21 – Last day for UPS 2nd Day Air (if Saturday delivery is available; Saturday delivery isn't available in all ZIP codes)
Dec. 22 – Last day for UPS Next Day Air (with Saturday delivery)
Dec. 24 – Last day for UPS Express Critical
Dec. 25 – Last day for UPS Express Critical
See their website for more details and how to calculate delivery cost depending on date and method you choose to ship.
Copyright 2017 WTVM. All rights reserved. | For more news, download the WTVM app here.
Seventeen lucky kids got to ‘Shop with a Cop' this past weekend in Alliston. Nottawasaga OPP reached out to schools within the detachment, each choosing a deserving student for the shopping spree. The program was designed to provide gifts and a positive experience for elementary aged children and their families. Each was given $100 to spend at Walmart on gifts for them and their families. They then went to Murphy's Farm to wrap them, take a wagon ride and visit with Santa. Each was also given a Zehrs $50 gift card to put toward a Christmas dinner.
NEW YORK — Watching NFL football games on your phone used to be mainly limited to Verizon customers. Soon anyone will be able to watch football games on the go for free on Yahoo's app, now that Verizon owns Yahoo.
But people who want to watch football through online-TV services like Sling will have more problems. An NFL game on ESPN will still be blocked on the Sling app on a phone — and starting next season, on tablets, too. Verizon apps will have the exclusive rights on phones and tablets.
Verizon bought Yahoo in June and is trying to build a digital ad business to rival Facebook and Google. Verizon's multi-year deal with the NFL takes effect in January. Playoffs will stream on Yahoo, Verizon's app go90 and the NFL's own app.
Mohamed Salah will be sidelined for no more than three weeks with the shoulder injury he sustained during Liverpool's Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid, the Egyptian Football Association has confirmed.
Marcia Love
Mayerthorpe Freelancer
For some of them, it's taken decades to find the courage to speak up.
Many were waiting for the right time, knowing they might not be believed. Until now.
If there's one thing 2017 will be remembered for, it's the year victims of sexual harassment and sexual assault came together in one loud voice to say no more.
It makes me proud to see the ripples widening in a bold movement that began with the many “silence breakers” who share Time Magazine's Person of the Year title.
But it also makes me realize how disturbing it is that women have to consider the many frightening situations they might find themselves in — especially when they go somewhere alone. That is the reality, and that is what we need to teach women, young and old, to ensure our safety while we work towards change.
I used to be naive, and very well could have placed myself in dangerous situations because I blindly trusted. I hopped in trucks to go capture news photos with people I spoke to briefly over the phone. I drove out to people's homes for interviews without even thinking to tell anyone where I was going. Nothing terrible ever happened, but I had simply trusted I'd be okay because I was the one who initiated contact for the sake of a news story.
I innocently believed 99 per cent of the population was made up of good, kind people.
But the more news I reported on (the 72-year-old man who hid a camera in the women's change room of the gym his wife owned, the 39-year-old hockey coach who sexually abused young hockey players for years — both of these occurred in small prairie towns where the individuals were trusted community members) and the more news I read, I eventually saw I was very wrong to do that. Not because the majority of people out there aren't honest people, but because my safety is primarily my own responsibility. And it only takes one bad person to put you in a horrible situation.
If there's anything we can take from the horrible accounts of sexual abuse, sexual harassment and violence recalled by numerous women in the media these past few months, it's that we need to have a plan.
Plan out how you would respond if you were to be put in an uncomfortable or dangerous situation. Know what to potentially say or do if you get that uneasy feeling about a situation, and decide on a getaway plan to put in place if things escalate.
There are many women who believe we shouldn't have to worry about things like this happening to us. And I completely agree. In a better, more ideal world, we shouldn't.
In an ideal world, we shouldn't need to safeguard ourselves against any kind of predators whatsoever.
But in the same way that we bolt our doors at night, and in the same way that we protect our banking passwords, we need to defend ourselves from those who would do us harm.
And so I'll continue locking my door immediately after I get into my car at night. I'll continue avoiding those shaded trails when I go out jogging alone. And my husband will continue telling me to be safe as I'm heading out the door to meet up with friends.
We need to take precautions.
And we need to show support to those who are speaking up to let these aggressors know no one will be staying silent anymore.
WINNIPEG — The Manitoba government has introduced legislation it says will help children in care keep their Indigenous customs and family connections.
“It allows Indigenous communities to have greater say in terms of the care of the children,” said Families Minister Scott Fielding.
The bill amends the Child and Family Services Act to include the customary care model, which allows children to stay within their community under the guidance of extended family and community leaders.
The agency in charge of child and family services in the area will work with parents or guardians to create a customary care agreement, where parental rights aren't lost. The child's Indigenous community is also notified and, in certain cases, will play a role in placing the child and customizing their care plan.
“Each individual community is very much different, so it will take into consideration Aboriginal culture, tradition and heritage into the decision-making process,” Fielding explained.
The caregiver and care home will have to meet current safety standards, he added.
The model was promised by the former NDP government and was announced by the Progressive Conservatives in October as part of a larger overhaul of the child-welfare system.
There are about 11,000 children in care in Manitoba and about 90 per cent are Indigenous. Fielding said the new legislation is a historic step towards supporting children while maintaining a cultural connection.
Southern Chiefs' Organization Grand Chief Jerry Daniels said supporting families, rather than apprehending children, is an important investment into the future.
“Children who have a foundation of their culture do a lot better,” he said.
Children involved in customary care will also be counted and tracked in a distinct way since the province is not apprehending or seeking a court order. However, they will be included in provincial data.
Opposition NDP Leader Wab Kinew said he's concerned about how the children will be counted because he said it's important to know how many there are, in order to make sure they get the necessary resources and supports.
Child welfare in Manitoba has been under scrutiny since the death of five-year-old Phoenix Sinclair in 2005. A public inquiry into the death showed social workers lost track of the young girl and missed signs she was in trouble before she was beaten by her mother and mother's boyfriend.
The province has also said it will release a review of how the child-welfare system handled Tina Fontaine's case. Fontaine, 15, ran away from a Winnipeg hotel where she was being housed in August 2014 and her body was found wrapped in a duvet, weighed down by rocks, in the Red River nine days later.
Fiorentina have secured the permanent signing of defender German Pezzella from Real Betis after impressing on loan.
The 26-year-old joined Betis in 2015 and caught the eye of Fiorentina during the 2016-17 campaign, persuading them to make a move last year.
He swiftly adapted to Italian football this season and even broke into Argentina's squad for the November friendlies against Nigeria and Russia, playing in both games.
Pezzella featured 34 times in Serie A as Fiorentina narrowly missed out on Europa League football.
And La Viola chiefs have seen enough to make his stay permanent, exercising their purchase option, which is reported to be in the region of €10million.
Pezzella has signed a four-year deal in Florence.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The stresses of air travel can unnerve even the most laid-back adventurer. But for families who have children with autism and/or other intellectual and developmental disabilities, the trip to and through the airport can be just too difficult to even consider.
That's why Latonya Bingham's family has only ever taken vacations to places they can reach by car, sometimes leaving the house at 2 a.m. when the roads are calm and quiet.
The stresses of air travel can unnerve even the most laid-back adventurer, but for families who have children with autism and/or other intellectual and developmental disabilities, a trip to and through the airport can be just too difficult to even consider. Photo courtesy The Arc
And it's also why Bingham and Matthias, her 4-year-old son who has sensory issues associated with autism, are attending an air travel 'rehearsal' at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport on Wednesday.
The program allows families to practice going to the airport, passing through security, waiting in the gate area and getting onto a plane — without the cost and commitment of a plane ticket — and is coordinated by The Arc, a Washington, D.C. organization that has hosted 75 similar events at more than 40 airports around the country.
Matthias has issues with crowds and loud noises, "So I'm not quite sure what will happen at this event," Bingham told NBC. "The long lines, the TSA experience and the boarding process may be too much for him to handle. But if it goes well, we'll practice going to the airport again and then maybe we'll plan a trip and fly."
The chance to do an airport test run definitely made a difference for Katy Guerra's son Danny, a 10-year-old with autism who doesn't do well with change or fast-paced environments.
The military family is used to moving but has never had the opportunity to move together as a family overseas.
"We had put off taking trips because we didn't want to be 'that family,'" said Guerra, "and Danny has always made it clear he cannot go in airplanes because the air is too thin. So we knew there would be some issues."
But after going through one of The Arc's Wings for Autism programs, (also known as Wings for All) and spending two months preparing, Danny took his first plane ride: a 14-hour flight to Seoul, South Korea.
"The outcome was better than I imagined," said Guerra, "Danny went through the checkpoints fine. He asked many questions and just followed along. He had headphones so he could block out the [airplane] noise if he wanted to, but he was genuinely happy. He even tried the food, which was very surprising."
Test runs like this not only give families a chance to see how a child with a special need will react to the airport experience, they give airport, airline and TSA employees a chance to learn and practice how to interact with children and adults who have autism and/or other intellectual and developmental disabilities as well.
At the Wings for Autism events, TSA officers and managers "ask families for recommendations on how to best work with them as well as answer their questions about TSA requirements," TSA spokeswoman Lisa Farbstein told NBC News.
Sensory Rooms and Autism-Friendly Travel Destinations
Creating autism-accommodating airports and, beyond that, autism-friendly communities may be a trend.
In April 2016 Delta Air Lines opened a quiet, multisensory room at the Atlanta airport with a mini ball pit, bubbling water sculpture, tactile activity panel and other items to help ease the airport experience for customers traveling with children on the autism spectrum.
Myrtle Beach International Airport in South Carolina opened a "quiet room" for people with special needs not long after, and this month, Europe's first airport sensory room for passengers with autism opened at Ireland's Shannon Airport.
In the tourism-focused Myrtle Beach area "autism-friendly" goes beyond the airport.
The new $3.2 million ADA-approved Savannah's Playground has special sensory-friendly features, there's a quiet room for people with autism at the Myrtle Beach Speedway and, with a special card secured online or in-town locations, families can secure special accommodations for a child with autism at area attractions, hotels and restaurants where staff has been specially trained.
And to make sure potential visitors know the community gets that traveling with kids who have autism can be especially chaotic and unpredictable, in January, 2016 the town council in Surfside Beach, on the southern end of the Myrtle Beach, signed a proclamation declaring the area to be the first official autism-friendly travel destination.
Oprah's Weight Watchers group. ( Oprah/Instagram )
Join us on the new C-Pop podcast where Taylor and Jessilyn discuss, debate and sometimes deride pop culture with a strong sense of humor and a focus on Christ. Listen at charismapodcastnetwork.com.
TV Land continues to air the vile program Teachers on Tuesday evenings at 10:00 p.m. ET/9:00 p.m. CT with a TV-14 L rating, but the previews air much earlier in the evening when children are likely watching TV. The vulgar advertisements for Teachers are airing during shows such as the Andy Griffith Show and other family-friendly programs. The previews alone are disgusting, and that is extremely disturbing since it involves a young cast. If the promos are this bad, then obviously, the show is not suitable for TV.
It is almost impossible to describe the depth of depravity found in the TV Land sitcom Teachers. Every scene is filled with sexual innuendos, implications or encounters.
Teaching is an honorable profession, but oftentimes a thankless job. 1MM wants to support and encourage educators, not belittle, mock or bring them down as TV Land is doing.
TV Land is encouraging crude dialogue, offensive gestures at school, teachers being cruel to young children and questioning authority. Teachers are irresponsible and an insult to women and teachers.
Oprah Winfrey's Weight Watchers is openly promoting their product during this vile show.
One Million Moms is asking Weight Watchers to remove their support from TV Land's Teachers.
Leaders are readers! Subscribe now and get 3 magazines for the price of 1. Get Ministry Today, Charisma and SpiritLed Woman all for $24. YES - Sign me up!
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit. 1) Get to know the Holy Spirit. 2) Learn to enter God's presence 3) Hear God's voice clearly! Click Here to draw closer to God!
-
See an error in this article? This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Toronto police say a 26-year-old man who was fatally shot while walking to his car last week was the victim of a “cowardly” attack meant to strike fear in a west end community.
Det. Jason Shankaran says Nnamdi Ogba was walking toward his parked car in a Toronto Community Housing complex shortly after 11 p.m. Friday after visiting friends when two men approached him from behind and began shooting.
Police say the two men ran off into an SUV waiting nearby.
Shankaran says Ogba, who was pronounced dead at the scene, did not live in the complex and did not know his attackers.
He says police believe the assailants were looking to kill someone in the neighbourhood in order to seek some sort of vengeance in the community, but he did not elaborate what may have provoked such retaliation.
The community has seen its share of violence in the past, Shankaran says, adding that police believe the suspects came from another area of the city.
“I know that the community of Scarlettwood Court has received its share of tragedy and also violence,” Shankaran told reporters Monday. “I believe those suspects may harbour some sort of animosity toward the neighbourhood … and those residents who reside in it.”
Nnamdi, an electrical engineer who was engaged, was “an innocent man” who had no criminal record or known gang affiliation, Shankaran said.
He said that while fears of safety in the community are justified, co-operation from residents will help investigators find those responsible for Ogba death.
“Mr. Ogba did nothing to bring this upon himself. The evidence we have in front of us tells us that Mr. Ogba's lifestyle, his activities, anything he did prior did not lead to this particular incident,” he said, “The only thing that led to his death was simply walking out of that building at that particular time and place.”
Police have also released a series of video clips from Toronto Community Housing securities cameras that show the two suspects and a suspect vehicle, which Shankaran said is believed to be a “newer model” Nissan Rogue. Other clips show different angles of the moments leading up to and following Ogba's death.
Shankaran said the images of the suspects are grainy, but contain details of the suspects he said will be easily identifiable to someone who knows them.
“This situation is not one gang member shooting another — it's an innocent man being gunned down,” Shankaran said.
Ogba's death in Toronto's 12th homicide of the year.
— Police video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v–iI–kj7lgsY&featureyoutu.be
LONDON — Britain's information commissioner plans to apply for a warrant to access the servers of Cambridge Analytica, which allegedly used data mined from Facebook to help Donald Trump win the 2016 presidential election.
Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said in a statement Monday that she would request the warrant because Cambridge Analytica had been unco-operative with her investigation into whether the company illegally acquired and used Facebook data.
“This is a complex and far-reaching investigation for my office and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously,” she said.
Denham launched her investigation after weekend reports that Cambridge Analytica improperly used information from more than 50 million Facebook accounts. Facebook has suspended the company from the social network while it investigates the claims.
Facebook said Monday that it has put its own audit of the claims on hold at the request of the U.K. information commissioner.
The New York Times and the U.K.'s Guardian newspaper reported that the U.K.-based company obtained Facebook account data without the users' knowledge and retained it after claiming it had been deleted. Chris Wylie, who once worked for Cambridge Analytica, was quoted as saying the company used the data to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Cambridge Analytica says the information was acquired from a contractor who was contractually obligated to comply with data-protection laws. None of the data was used in the Trump campaign, the company said.
“I'm not accepting their response so therefore I'll be applying to the court for a warrant,” Denham told Britain's Channel 4. “We need to get in there, we need to look at the databases, we need to look at the servers and understand how data was processed or deleted by Cambridge Analytica.”
The scandal has also triggered calls for further investigation from the European Union, as well as federal and state officials in the United States.
The head of the EU parliament said Monday that the bloc will investigate Facebook's role in the case.
“Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights,” Antonio Tajani tweeted. “The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account.”
U.S. Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon and Connecticut Attorney General George Jepsen, both Democrats, have sought written responses from Facebook. Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey, also a Democrat, promised an investigation.
U.K. lawmakers have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee.
——
Associated Press Writers Nick Jessdanun and Barbara Ortutay in New York contributed to this story
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – The Craig Beach police chief who was arrested last week was supposed to appear in court on Monday but his lawyer wrote a letter pleading not guilty instead.
Chief Andrew Soloman is still free on $1,000 bond but chose to plead not guilty by letter instead of showing up for his arraignment.
Soloman is facing a charge of dereliction of duty but the Attorney General's Office said more charges could be coming.
He was arrested last Thursday after the Bureau of Criminal Investigation (BCI) searched the police department. It's unclear what they were looking for.
This isn't Soloman's first time in Mahoning County Court. He was there in 2013 on charges of criminal damaging or endangering and pleaded guilty to amend a disorderly conduct charge.
Right now, the village council is still deciding what to do about the chief position. Council will meet at 7 p.m. on Tuesday to discuss it.
Unveiling the Polish Controversy
Is there a catastrophe that crushed the EU, besides a few floods and damaging fires? It all depends on how you view world affairs.
Recently, they newly elect U.S. President, Donald Trump, made his first official visit to Poland - the least powerful new member of the US and NATO - insulting the rest of the EU and prominent NATO members.
Poland was ecstatic to host Donald Trump for a few days. Polish citizens have long been known as the vassals of the EU, providing cheap labor to Germany and France. Now with a new status they are ready to give their former toilet cleaning jobs to the Ukrainian enthusiasts, since the latter finally got their much-anticipated free visa to travel, mostly to find jobs. Did I mention that about a million Ukrainians work in Russia? Of course, that's not a publicized fact. How can the 'sworn' enemies be welcomed to work in Russia?
Trump's visit to Poland was a punch in the nose for an aging Angela Merkel, who is still balloting for the fourth term to remain as Chancellor of Germany. Certainly, Trump's snubbing of her, would not go unnoticed. Germany was one of the strongholds of the EU. Poland was accepted in EU with one aim to irritate the former Soviet Union, now renamed as the Russian Federation. Polish and Ukrainians ongoing hatred towards Russia was originated and packaged in Washington.
The whole world knows that the Soviet Red Army liberated Poland from fascism during World War II and lost their bravest men who fought ferociously, leaving about 600,000 Russians, Ukrainians, Jews, Belarus, Georgians and many others from former Eastern block nations on the Polish land.
Recently, the Russian archives, the complete documents of these trying times, were published for the fist time on the Russian Defense website. The documents showed that Poles were extremely grateful for their liberation; they treated Red army soldiers with more respect than their own countrymen.
However, that was about 70 years ago. Since then, times have changed. The narrative of the real history was slowly revised and the new generation became believers that the Soviet Army was not a liberator, but an occupant. Germany was glamorized as a fighter of an evil Bolshevism.
The Soviet army was the first to liberate Auschwitz prisoners and witnessed the atrocities of the German Nazis. Despite this, a Polish President, Andrzej Duda, went as far as to pass a new law to remove all Soviet symbols, including the 648 monuments of the fallen heroes who sacrificed their lives liberating Poland.
Source:
Andrzej Duda chose a shocking date to pass his gruesome law - the anniversary of the dreadful day when the German forces attacked Soviet Union on June 22, 1941 -
which has brought more controversy and insult to the Russian Federation.
Sources: and
Although there were no objections from the EU, one country stood up and signed the agreement with the Russian Federation to veto the Polish law to remove the Russian monuments from Poland. This courageous country is Israel. About one thousand of the remaining former Red Army veterans reside in Israel. They were appalled that Poland turned its back on them, eradicating their history.
Like Russia, Israel celebrates the Victory Day on May 9th, carrying their family members' pictures in large posters marching in the parade. The veterans wear their medals with pride, unlike those in Ukraine, where it was forbidden to display war medals in public! On May 9th the Kiev punks had the nerve to beat the former veterans of WWII for their medals and other relics related to their courage.
Donald Trump has a good relationship with Israel, unlike former U.S. President Barack Obama. If Trump backs Israel on this, Russia will benefit, without being labeled as Trump's agents. The media have been overly aggressive against Trump and his family members. They are documenting his every step in the hope to impeach him and replace Trump with a notorious neocon, Mike Pence.
We can never let it happen if you want to avoid war. None of us will be left after the confrontation of two superpowers with nuclear weapons. Even if Washington makes a first move, Russian nuclear weapons will be automatically activated to attack back. That's a fact! There will be no winners.
Getting back to Poland, there is a small village with a group of volunteers and especially one man - Polish activist, Jerzy Tyc - who spent his own money to restore many fading monuments to the Soviet soldiers. He was seen doing some restoration work, including painting them and was asked if his restoration was due to an order from Kremlin. He replied: "Absolutely not. It was my mother's."
When she was 13 years old, the Red army collected youth and sent them to a safe place before the deadly final battle in Poland. She never forgot it and her son is doing whatever he can to keep the memory of the fallen Soviet soldiers who liberated his country.
Source Just days ago a Polish woman expressed her gratitude to the Russians, saying because of their ultimate sacrifice, Polish people can speak their language, instead of German.
Sometimes I watch Russian Forum TV discussions, where a German guest, an American, Michael Bohm, (who bizarrely craves to become a Russian citizen, while being an ardent Russophobe), a few Ukrainians, a few 5th columnist Russians, a number of true Russian patriots and two obnoxious Poles, Jacob and Tomasz. Tomasz is a journalist I met through Twitter and was worried about his safety, since Kiev made threats to his life last year. Now Tomasz is on Russian TV openly spitting into a Russian soul, feeling untouchable. Nevertheless, one of the patriots who happened to be on the show warned him to not repeat his insulting words towards Russia to avoid confrontation. Tomasz did it again without hesitation and smiled broadly. He received a hard blow to his head. Shall I come clean and tell you I was pleased? I can't believe how quickly I turned from a caring person to a satisfied viewer having seen that justice was served.
July 20, 2017
Victoria F. Lee
Sometimes I watch Russian Forum TV discussions, where a German guest, an American, Michael Bohm, (who bizarrely craves to become a Russian citizen, while being an ardent Russophobe), a few Ukrainians, a few 5th columnist Russians, a number of true Russian patriots and two obnoxious Poles, Jacob and Tomasz. Tomasz is a journalist I met through Twitter and was worried about his safety, since Kiev made threats to his life last year. Now Tomasz is on Russian TV openly spitting into a Russian soul, feeling untouchable. Nevertheless, one of the patriots who happened to be on the show warned him to not repeat his insulting words towards Russia to avoid confrontation. Tomasz did it again without hesitation and smiled broadly. He received a hard blow to his head. Shall I come clean and tell you I was pleased? I can't believe how quickly I turned from a caring person to a satisfied viewer having seen that justice was served.
July 20, 2017
Victoria F. Lee
A former cellmate is accusing a Turkish gold trader who is the star prosecution witness in a U.S. sanctions-busting trial of raping him in a federal lockup.
A lawsuit filed late Wednesday in Manhattan Supreme Court alleges that in 2016 and early 2017 Reza Zarrab sexually assaulted a 62-year-old man being held on terrorism support charges at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in lower Manhattan.
Reza Zarrab, seen here in 2013, is accused of raping a cellmate. Ozan Kose / AFP - Getty Images file
"Believing that he was immune from the law and norms of behavior because of his wealth, power and political connections Zarrab at first befriended [the cellmate], gained his confidence, co-opted him and then repeatedly assaulted him," the lawsuit, which was first reported by the New York Times, alleges.
"Zarrab then also threatened and intimidated [the cellmate] thereby delaying [him] from reporting these assaults to the authorities," the suit says.
An attorney for Zarrab, who is in his seventh day of testimony in a high-profile case that has strained U.S.-Turkish relations, said "the allegations are outrageous and false from a source that is not remotely credible."
The U.S. attorney's office in Manhattan declined to comment.
The cellmate's lawyer, Alexei Schacht, told NBC News that the timing of the lawsuit had nothing to do with the sanctions case.
"I think that he has been complaining about this conduct for some time to different people and he felt like his complaints were not being sufficiently addressed," Schacht said.
Schacht, who is representing the cellmate pro bono in his criminal case, said his bills for the lawsuit were not being paid by a third party. He said there is "absolutely zero chance" the money for his fees was coming from Turkey, where authorities are furious at Zarrab.
Zarrab, a fabulously wealthy and politically connected businessman who is married to a Turkish pop star, was arrested in March 2016 and accused of running a scheme to move billions in Iranian oil and gas money through American banks in violations of U.S. sanctions against Iran.
He was removed from federal lockup after he struck a cooperation agreement with federal prosecutors and agreed to take the stand against Turkish banker Hakan Atilla, who is currently on trial.
But, according to the lawsuit, while Zarrab was still behind bars, he struck up a friendship with a man who was charged with providing material support to the Colombian terrorist organization FARC in the form of weapons procurement and cocaine trafficking.
Zarrab hired a private attorney for the man, sent money to his family in Africa, and arranged to have him moved into his cell, the suit says.
"At about the same time, having given Plaintiff money and other favors, Defendant started telling Plaintiff that he likes having sex with both men and women," the suit claims.
The alleged attacks — one of which involved a cucumber — started in November 2016 and continued until March 2017, according to the cellmate, who pleaded guilty and is awaiting sentencing.
Schacht said that his client did make a formal complaint to the jail about the alleged abuse and there was an investigation. The outcome, he said, was that the Bureau of Prisons could not prove or disprove the accusation. The bureau said it could not comment because of privacy concerns.
The private attorney who represented the cellmate in his terrorism case in 2016 told NBC News his bills were paid by the family, not Zarrab, but he could not say where the family got the money. The public defender who represented him at the time the alleged attacks took place could not be reached for comment.
When Zarrab pleaded guilty to money laundering and fraud charges in October, he also copped to paying a bribe to a federal jail guard for access to alcohol and a cellphone. During cross-examination this week, he revealed the bribe was $45,000 and also conceded he had smoked synthetic marijuana in jail.
The trial has been closely watched from Washington to Ankara because Zarrab has ties to Turkish President Recep Erdoğan — and implicated him in the Iranian money scheme. Erdoğan's government has since seized Zarrab's assets and rounded up at least 17 of his associates.
Special Counsel Robert Mueller, as part of his investigation into Russian meddling in the election, had been looking into whether Turkish officials tried to bribe Mike Flynn, shortly before he became national security adviser, to make the sanctions case disappear. Flynn's name has not come up during the trial so far.
Some of the NFL's best QBs didn't even get drafted, like the newly-retired Tony Romo 7. Jim Hart: The Cardiac Cards won a lot of games under Don Coryell as Hart made four straight Pro Bowls 6. Jake Delhomme: Led a record 8 game-winning drives in '03 when Carolina narrowly lost to the Patriots in the SB 5. Tony Romo: Won 78 games in 10 seasons and finishes with 4th highest passer rating (97.1) in NFL history 4. Jeff Garcia: Steve Young's replacement finished his career with a combined 41,979 yards and 272 TD passes 3. Dave Krieg: Won 98 games, was voted to three Pro Bowls in Seattle and took them to the playoffs four times 2. Kurt Warner: Arguably the greatest Cinderella story in NFL history is now a memb
More NFL Videos David Johnson ‘muscles' up during D-backs batting practice Tim Tebow homers in first at bat with Class-A Columbia Fireflies Tony Romo's son had a priceless reaction to his dad's decision to retire from football Shannon Sharpe reveals the team that makes the most sense for Kaepernick | UNDISPUTED Marshawn Lynch told the Oakland Raiders he is ready to go | THE HERD 7 teams that are best set up for success in the NFL Draft More NFL Videos
Published here: https://www.alraimedia.com/Home/Details?id=b412ffaf-7feb-45be-85ed-b67e704fd911
Damascus by Elijah J. Magnier: @ejmalrai
Almost two months after the beginning of the operation “Olive Branch” – as President Recep Tayyeb Erdoğan called it- to occupy the north-west Kurdish-Syrian Afrin enclave, the city has fallen without any visible resistance of the “People's Protection Units” (YPG), who signally failed to protect the population. What happened? And why ?
When Turkish President Erdoğan announced his intention to occupy the Afrin enclave, and over a week before the beginning of operation “Olive Branch”, Russia requested Turkey to halt any military act, to avoid clashing with the Syrian Army engaged with the Russian forces on Syrian territory.
For the last two years, in every single Syrian brigade or division, there have been Russian Special Forces, coordinating on the ground the military operation and all air strikes. Moreover, the main control and command base is also headed by Russian generals coordinated through a military operations room in Moscow. This is where planning, intelligence gathering, and orders for attack are given to the forces operating in Syria.
For this reason, Russia considers any attack against the Syrian army to be an attack on its own troops. These are operating on the ground, present on all operational fronts. Moreover, Russia informed the US and Israel that it won't tolerate any attack on reservists or forces gathered for an attack against Jihadists and their allies throughout the entire Syrian territory, in accordance with the limits agreed between Moscow and Washington regarding the area east (the US controlled area) and west (Russia's controlled areas) of the Euphrates river.
This is why Russian generals met with Kurdish leaders of the YPG on various occasions to transmit Damascus's will to control the Afrin enclave on the condition that Kurds will deliver the enclave, its administration and all weapons into YPG control. If the Syrian Army is asked to control the city, there is no need for another Kurdish force unless organised and ordered by Damascus.
Damascus offered the Kurds of Afrin the possibility of creating a mini federation, where Kurds run the enclave under the supervision and control of the central government, and deliver all heavy, medium and light weapons, including laser guided missiles offered by the US, under one clear rule: no weapons outside those of the regular forces should be kept by the locals.
The YPG leaders asked for time to consider the offer and came out with a counter offer, where the Syrian Army was allowed to act as guardian of the borders with Turkey and nothing more, so the power of the Kurds in Afrin enclave would be preserved.
Damascus intercepted several contacts between Kurdish leaders in Afrin and al-Hasaka in north-east Syria under the US occupation. The Kurds thought the international community would intervene to stop Turkey from invading the enclave, through the United Nations and by putting pressure on President Erdoğan through many world leaders. However, the US leadership eventually made it clear that its forces could not intervene in Afrin and were obliged to respect the demarcation line with Russia.
The Syrian Kurds wanted to believe – like the Iraqi Kurds – that the international community would play a positive role to protect Afrin, and therefore that they wouldn't be let down.
When the negotiation between the YPG and the Russians failed, Russia pulled out its observation and military police static points in the enclave, and the few Syrian Army positions in the area were abandoned. This gave the green light to Erdoğan to begin his military operations, on the 20th of January of this year, to occupy more Syrian territory.
When the first lines of defence were broken, some Kurdish leaders proposed to Damascus to send fresh troops to boost morale and give another opportunity to those within the Kurdish leadership who were still opposing the Syrian Army's presence in Afrin to re-think their position. At that time, the Turkish forces and their jihadist allies reached the outskirt of Jenderes, the main defence line for Afrin city.
The Syrian President Bashar al-Assad ordered several hundred popular force personnel to support the Kurds in Afrin and to spread around Jenderes, to halt the Turkish advance. These forces were pulled from Idlib outskirts andfaced al-Qaeda and its allies south of Afrin.
Again, Russia and Damascus understood from the contacts between Afrin and al-Hasaka that the YPG leaders preferred to abandon Afrin to Turkey rather than deliver it to Damascus. Those of the Afrin enclave will join the Kurds of al-Hasaka, Deir-ezzour and Raqqah to seek US protection.
The Kurds of Afrin were promised that Saudi Arabia would rebuild the province and invest in reconstructing better homes and contribute, under the US forces' protection, to offering a mini-state to the Kurds in north-east Syria, a dream the Kurds always aspired to.
That is how the Kurdish YPG delivered the Syrian enclave to Turkey- whose forces won't stop at the gates of Afrin but, as stipulated between Erdoğan and Rex Tillerson (before he was dismissed from office as Secretary of State), will progress beyond Afrin to Manbij.
The Kurds managed to find themselves faced with only one option: migrate where the US forces are deployed and where they offer protection to the occupation forces in north-east Syria. This is how the US considers itself winning and the Kurds not entirely losing if they leave the Syrian government controlled area to construct a “state” in al-Hasaka. They will be blamed for disposing of Syrian territory for the benefit of Turkey and the US, in effect offering themselves as a human shield for the US occupation of Syria.
According to decision maker sources in Syria, Russia came out with a bag full of gains following the Afrin battle:
Moscow can continue endlessly blaming the US for its occupation of Syrian territories and will pressure Washington at the UN to leave Syria even if the result is slim. Moscow satisfied Turkey by sharing a piece of the Syrian cake, particularly when Ankara abandoned Aleppo (a dream of President Erdoğan to annex the first industrialised city of Syria) and closed an eye on the Syrian Army advance in rural Idlib without contesting it. Moscow stood by Ankara, creating an additional choice for Turkey among superpower allies, and managed to register a serious breakthrough with one of the biggest NATO members. Russia is aiming for a strategic and economic relationship with Turkey. Russia wanted to avoid distraction from its main battle in al-Ghouta, Damascus. Russian forces were engaged in one of the most important battles in Syria and were avoiding, at all costs, shifting Syrian troops to Afrin to open a new military front with Turkey (to stop Turkish advance towards Afrin). The US increased the level of pressure over Ghouta using every means to stop its fall, in order to keep the threat on the capital Damascus. However, the speed of the battle conducted by Syria and Russia offered the government of Damascus an obvious victory over jihadists in Ghouta, expected in the coming weeks. The Afrin Kurds were not convinced to stay under Syrian government administration and give up the territory they don't own to Turkey and their people as a US shield. To Damascus, the Kurds revealed they don't belong to Syria nor do they have a Syrian identity, and certainly nonation to protect. The Syrian government believes the Kurds are « guns for hire » and not even a very good ones, following the result of their battle against Turkey ! The “Islamic State” militants held the ground longer when attacked by Turkey and left the area only following a deal with Erdoğan. Moscow would rather lose those (the Kurds) prepared to sell their country for the benefit of Turkey. President Erdoğan showed his capability to move the battle in Syria in the direction he wants (regardless of the results). It was clear that, when al-Qaeda (aka al-Nusra, aka Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham) disobeyed Turkish plans, the Syrian proxy groups would attack and engage in fierce fighting to submit al-Qaeda to the will of Turkey. President Erdoğan has contributed to the fall of Aleppo to Damascus and the control of a large part of rural Idlib. He is an essential player Moscow is in need of to stop the war in Syria, a war that the US is trying to keep on fire for as long as possible. Therefore, if the price would be to lose part of the Syrian territory for the time being, Russia won't stand in Erdoğan's way- since in any case most of the “useful Syria” is under President Assad's control.
It is possible that the Kurds of Syria believe that losing an enclave is worth it if exchanged with a state and new land in north-east Syria. However, the Kurdish plans never seem to succeed : in this case they did not take into consideration two main elements. Firstly, all surrounding countries refused to accept a new born Kurdish state on their borders. Secondly, the US occupation of Syrian territory will definitely provoke, and therefore be faced with, local resistance.
Washington will keep its forces in place until local communities in al-Hasaka, Deir-ezzour and Raqqah become hostile. This is what the Kurds didn't take into consideration. Fighting occupiers has become part of the Syrian ideology and the Levant is no stranger to the rejection of occupation forces. Throughout history, those who own land which becomes occupied will always rise and claim it back however long it takes, and of however much sacrifice it will cost.
Proof read by: Maurice Brasher
If everyone who reads this reporting, who likes it, helps fund it for as little as 1 Euro will be effective contributors to its continuity. Thank you.
Share this: Email
Tweet
Print
Pocket
Telegram
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 72 49 19 4 102 260 202 Boston 71 45 17 9 99 239 184 Toronto 72 43 22 7 93 243 204 Washington 72 41 24 7 89 225 214 Pittsburgh 72 41 26 5 87 237 218 Columbus 73 40 28 5 85 205 203 Philadelphia 73 37 25 11 85 218 215 New Jersey 72 37 27 8 82 217 215 Florida 69 35 27 7 77 210 216 Carolina 72 31 30 11 73 194 225 N.Y. Rangers 72 32 32 8 72 208 231 N.Y. Islanders 72 30 32 10 70 231 262 Montreal 72 26 34 12 64 182 230 Ottawa 71 26 34 11 63 197 244 Detroit 72 26 35 11 63 184 224 Buffalo 72 23 37 12 58 172 236 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Nashville 72 48 14 10 106 236 178 Vegas 72 46 21 5 97 244 199 Winnipeg 72 43 19 10 96 240 189 Minnesota 72 41 24 7 89 224 206 San Jose 72 40 23 9 89 219 199 Colorado 72 39 25 8 86 231 209 Anaheim 73 37 24 12 86 206 197 Los Angeles 72 39 27 6 84 207 181 Dallas 73 38 27 8 84 209 197 St. Louis 72 39 28 5 83 201 193 Calgary 73 35 28 10 80 202 217 Chicago 73 30 34 9 69 208 223 Edmonton 72 31 36 5 67 201 231 Vancouver 72 25 38 9 59 186 236 Arizona 71 23 37 11 57 170 228
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Colorado 5, Detroit 1
Vegas 4, Calgary 0
Tampa Bay 3, Edmonton 1
Carolina 4, N.Y. Islanders 3
Philadelphia 6, Washington 3
Winnipeg 4, Dallas 2
St. Louis 5, Chicago 4, OT
Anaheim 4, New Jersey 2
Monday's Games
Columbus 5, Boston 4, OT
Nashville 4, Buffalo 0
Florida at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Calgary at Arizona, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Columbus at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Dallas at Washington, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Tampa Bay, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Colorado at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Vegas, 10 p.m.
New Jersey at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Montreal at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Boston at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at Calgary, 9:30 p.m.
Thursday's Games
N.Y. Rangers at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Washington at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Edmonton at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Vancouver at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Vegas at San Jose, 10 p.m.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
As 42 million Americans prepare to hit the road for Memorial Day weekend, Fiat Chrysler just announced it is recalling 4.8 million vehicles over a defect that could prevent drivers from deactivating cruise control and warned owners not to use the function until they get software upgrades.
The Italian-American automaker said no injuries or crashes are related to the large recall campaign but said it had one report of a driver of a 2017 Dodge Journey unable to deactivate the cruise control.
Fiat Chrysler, which in 2015 was hit with penalties from U.S. regulators totalling $175 million for safety lapses, did not say how much the recalls would cost.
The recall addresses what Fiat Chrysler called an "unlikely sequence of events" that could lead to drivers being unable to cancel cruise control. The company emphasized drivers could overpower the system by continuously applying the brakes until the vehicle stopped or the vehicle could be stopped by shifting into neutral and braking.
Fiat Chrysler noted that at times cruise control systems automatically initiate acceleration to help vehicles maintain driver-selected speeds, including when going up an incline. If an acceleration occurs simultaneously with a short-circuit in a specific electrical network, a driver could be unable to deactivate cruise-control.
Fiat Chrysler said vehicles may be placed in park once stopped, at which point cruise-control is canceled.
The recall involves a group of gasoline-powered vehicles with automatic transmissions from various model years built from 2014 through the 2019 model year. Most of the vehicles being recalled cover 2014-2018 model years.
Among the vehicles being recalled are the Chrysler 200, Chrysler 300, Chrysler Pacifica, Dodge Charger, Dodge Challenger, Dodge Journey, Dodge Durango, Jeep Cherokee, Jeep Grand Cherokee, Jeep Wrangler and Ram 1500, 2500 and 3500 pickup trucks and Ram 3500/4500/5500 cab chassis trucks.
Fiat Chrysler made the announcement on the first day of the busy Memorial Day weekend, which traditionally kicks off the summer driving season. The company said it is recalling an unspecified number of additional vehicles in Canada, Mexico and other markets, and recalling some Fiat Fremont vehicles built on the same platform of the Dodge Journey. The company said it was also warning owners in other markets not to use cruise control until recalls are completed.
Fiat Chrysler said it uncovered the issue through tests its engineers had conducted.
"Notwithstanding the extraordinary circumstances that must exist before a customer would experience a problem, we are taking this action because we are fully committed to vehicle safety," Mark Chernoby, Fiat Chrysler's chief technical compliance officer, said in a statement.
"We have a remedy and a widespread network of engaged dealers who are preparing to deliver service... We urge customers to follow the instructions on their recall notices."
Fiat Chrysler noted the recall repairs are free of charge and said it will begin alerting affected customers as early as next week. The recalled vehicles have collectively been driven more than 200 billion miles.
Fiat Chrysler has vowed to improve safety procedures after the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration in 2015 imposed $175 million in civil penalties for safety lapses.
In July 2015, Fiat Chrysler agreed to a $105 million settlement for mishandling nearly two dozen recall campaigns covering 11 million vehicles. It agreed to a three-year consent agreement and monitoring by former Transportation Secretary Rodney Slater. It was separately fined $70 million by U.S. regulators in 2015 for failing to report vehicle crash deaths and injuries since 2003.
In 2015, Fiat Chrysler booked a 602 million-euro ($705 million) after-tax charge, mainly for estimated future recall costs.
WASHINGTON - Melania Trump and Brigitte Macron bid a brief adieu to the White House on Tuesday for a visit with the works of Paul Cezanne at the National Gallery of Art.
The first ladies of the United States and France toured an exhibit of about 60 portraits by the French post-Impressionist painter.
While posing for a photo together, President Donald Trump was seen attempting to get Melania to hold his hand.
VIDEO: President Donald Trump attempting to get Melania Trump to hold his hand
They paused near a portrait of Cezanne's father reading a newspaper in a chair. Mary Morton, the museum's curator of French paintings, explained that the painter had a difficult relationship with his father, who was a banker and wanted his son to become a lawyer.
The first ladies each wore white suits and stilettos. Mrs. Trump added a wide-brimmed white hat to her ensemble.
At least in front of the cameras, Mrs. Macron did much of the chatting with the curators. Cezanne is one of France's most celebrated artists. He is known for capturing a moment in time in his works and is regarded as a major influence on other painters, such as Pablo Picasso.
"Merci," Mrs. Macron said, as she and Mrs. Trump rounded a fountain in an interior courtyard. Asked later whether she was enjoying her time in Washington, she nodded and said in English, "Thank you."
It was the second day of French President Emmanuel and Brigitte Macron's visit to Washington. Later Tuesday, the Trumps are hosting the couple at the administration's first state dinner.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
It's been a big year for women in the tech industry. On one hand, it's easy to see the downside in widespread reports of sexual harassment and all-too-common stories about the gender pay gap. But the very fact that these pitfalls—which any woman technologist will tell you are anything but new — are finally making headlines shows how deeply women are changing the way tech businesses work.
But women can't just sit back and wait for a seat at the table. We need to be proactive advocates for our own advancement in the male-dominated world of startups and tech companies. After all, a lack of upward mobility is a major reason why women leave technology careers, and they leave the industry almost twice as quickly as men.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 How You Handle Conflict Could Determine Your Salary 00:01:41
The National Center for Women and Information Technology tells us that women hold only 26% of computing jobs in the United States; the percentages for women of color don't even crack double digits. And as we move up the chain of command, women's representation drops from 27% in entry-level positions to just 14% in the executive suite.
So what can you do to make sure you're not one of the statistics? Here are three key tools to help you shatter that persistent glass ceiling.
1. Get comfortable with being uncomfortable
If you want to get ahead — especially in a workplace where you don't look like the majority — you need to get outside your comfort zone. Whether your goal is to land an overdue promotion or expand your technical skills, embracing opportunity is part of the journey.
You can't be afraid to tackle new tasks or challenges. And you shouldn't let imperfect qualifications or a lack of experience prevent you from raising your hand. Remember that discomfort is often a good sign that you're on the right track.
And don't be scared to share your goals openly with your boss and your colleagues. Let people know what you want and need to be successful. Don't keep your dreams to yourself.
2. Find a mentor, then be a mentor
When you're a woman in a male-dominated industry, it's easy to imagine that your struggles are unique. But many others before you have gone through similar experiences. The trick is finding those people and allowing them to help boost your confidence.
If you want to get ahead — especially in a workplace where you don't look like the majority — you need to get outside your comfort zone. If you want to get ahead — especially in a workplace where you don't look like the majority — you need to get outside your comfort zone.
First, seek out other women technologists at your company, either within your department or on a wider scale. If your employer doesn't offer an affinity group for women, consider working with management and human resources to create one. (Remember, too, that many male allies are eager to provide guidance and support.) When women see other women making strides toward their goals, they're better able to believe in themselves. No matter whether you're a recent graduate or a senior contributor, it's important for women to see and hear other women stepping up and speaking out.
And it's equally important to pay it forward: If you're in a leadership position — even an informal one — step up into a mentorship role. It sends a powerful message to all employees on the importance of gender diversity. And countless mentors have told me they get as much out of the relationship as they give, sharing career aspirations with the women they mentor, keeping a fresh perspective and encouraging one other to pursue new opportunities.
No matter whether you're a recent graduate or a senior contributor, it's important for women to see and hear other women stepping up and speaking out. No matter whether you're a recent graduate or a senior contributor, it's important for women to see and hear other women stepping up and speaking out.
3. Keep moving forward
Once you've started on your path, take active steps to keep the momentum going. Engaging with a community of like-minded people is one of the best ways for technologists to stay inspired and move past career roadblocks. Seek out technical women's groups in your local area, or on the web. The Anita Borg Institute facilitates local communities in 20 major cities around the world, as well as the Systers network, where women discuss issues, explore technologies, and connect online. Other organizations, like Project Include and NCWIT, help teach companies best practices for increasing women's participation in tech.
As computers and technology become even greater forces in our lives and in society, more and more organizations — even those that aren't traditionally “tech companies” — are hiring computer scientists, engineers and other STEM specialists. And, unsurprisingly, these same organizations are migrating toward tech-company cultural norms, too. So it's critically important for women technologists to get out in front of this shift and stake our claims. Together we can work toward a future where the people who imagine and build technology better reflect the people and societies that use it.
Dr. Telle Whitney is the President and CEO of the Anita Borg Institute for Women and Computing. She cofounded the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing, and previously held senior technical management positions in the semiconductor industry. Whitney earned her Ph.D. in Computer Science from Caltech, and her bachelor's degree at the University of Utah.
4 Things to Read Now
A federal judge declared Florida's process for restoring voting rights to convicted felons unconstitutional Thursday, calling for immediate changes to a clemency process that he said risks being tainted by racial, religious or political bias.
"In Florida, elected, partisan officials have extraordinary authority to grant or withhold the right to vote from hundreds of thousands of people without any constraints, guidelines or standards," U.S. District Judge Mark E. Walker wrote in a stinging 43-page ruling. "The question now is whether such a system passes constitutional muster. It does not."
His decision has the potential to enfranchise some voters before the 2018 elections through a new clemency process, and may influence an existing campaign to amend the state's permanent voting ban. Florida's constitution currently bars anyone with a felony conviction from voting — unless the governor restores their rights through the arduous clemency process. As a result, a full 10 percent of the state's voting-age population — and 21 percent of its black adults — could not cast a ballot in 2016, according to The Sentencing Project.
Desmond Meade poses for a portrait at his Orlando, Florida office on Friday, January 26, 2018. Cassi Alexandra / for NBC News
The office of Gov. Rick Scott, a Republican, said Friday it would fight the judge's ruling.
“The discretion of the clemency board over the restoration of felons' rights in Florida have been in place for decades and overseen by multiple governors. The process is outlined in Florida's Constitution, and today's ruling departs from precedent set by the United States Supreme Court,” a spokesman for Scott said in a statement. “While we are reviewing today's ruling, we will continue to defend this process in the court.”
Related: Millions of ex-cons lost their right to vote. Now they might get it back.
But Scott's process for clemency is far more restrictive than some of his predecessors. Felons must wait five to seven years to apply for voting rights restoration; hearing back from the Clemency Board can take years. Then, many appear in person to personally beg for their rights back. Few are successful. As of early December, just 2,898 ex-felons saw their rights restored while 10,264 applications remain pending. The whole process can take years and Scott enjoys absolute control over whether an ex-felon's rights are restored.
Scott's predecessors granted clemency much more often: Charlie Crist restored the voting rights of 150,000 ex-offenders in four years, while Jeb Bush granted clemency to 75,000 in eight years.
Walker's ruling noted that he has rejected applications over traffic violations. And Scott offers personal questions and musings during hearings: The Miami Heraldreported that he'll ask children about a father's parenting abilities and audibly whispered, "That's how my uncle died," while hearing the case of an ex-offender with a DUI. He did not restore the man's rights.
"A state may disenfranchise convicted felons," the judge wrote. "A particularly punitive state might even disenfranchise convicted felons permanently. But once a state provides for restoration, its process cannot offend the Constitution."
Walker ruled that the clemency system violates the First and Fourteenth Amendments. He said that while the five to seven-year waiting periods are acceptable, the "subjective" and "frankly mythical" standards for who gets approved or rejected were not. The process appears biased toward those who share the governor's views, and against those who do not, he added.
"When the risk of state-sanctioned viewpoint discrimination skulks near the franchise, it is the province and duty of this Court to excise such potential bias from infecting the clemency process," he concluded, calling for plaintiff and defendant to file briefings suggesting remedies by Feb. 12, at which point he will enter final judgment.
The suit was brought by a group of felons whose clemency applications had been denied, along with the Fair Elections Legal Network. It comes amid an activist-led movement to rewrite the state's constitution to ensure that most felons get their voting rights back after completing their sentence without any kind of clemency process. The ballot initiative requires the support of 60 percent of Florida voters in November to pass, and would enfranchise an estimated 1.5 million people.
Desmond Meade, an ex-offender whose clemency application was rejected, said the court's Thursday ruling was "a pleasant surprise," but said his campaign to change Florida's constitution would continue as planned, particularly because a judicial fix is uncertain and could get tied up in court.
“We don't know how long it will take,” he said. "The ruling really verifies what we've been saying about how this system is broken."
CORRECTION (Feb 2, 2018, 4:43 p.m. ET): An earlier version of this misspelled the last name of a former Florida governor. His name is Charlie Crist, not Christ.
England allrounder Ben Stokes' search for rehabilitation in New Zealand encountered another roadblock Sunday when he was run out for a one-ball duck in his latest innings for Canterbury province at Christchurch.
Stokes is playing for the province of his birth in New Zealand's domestic one-day competition while he waits for prosecutors in England to decide whether he will be charged for his role in a brawl outside a nightclub in September.
The 27-year-old New Zealand-born allrounder is suspended from the England team while the police investigation continues.
By playing for Canterbury, outside the scope of his suspension, he has a chance to find form in case he is recalled by England for the current Ashes test series in Australia. That could happen as early as next week's third test in Perth if he is not charged.
Stokes has already been named in England's one-day team to play in Australia next month but that selection is provisional on any decision made by police and England's Crown Prosecution Service.
Sunday's match was Stokes' third for Canterbury since he arrived in New Zealand late last month to visit family. His parents, Deb and Gerard Stokes, live in Christchurch.
Stokes made 2 runs and took no wicket in his first match and scored 34, took a catch but no wickets in his second match.
On Sunday he claimed his first wicket in 24 overs in Canterbury colours, catching former New Zealand one-day player Anton Devcich from his own bowling. Devcich top-scored with 59 in Northern's total of 274 and Stokes finished with 1-56 from 10 overs.
He had faced only one ball when he was run out during Canterbury's reply. Opener Michael Pollard hit a lofted shot to mid-on, Stokes watched the ball rather than his partner and was run out by a direct hit from the field by Brett Randell.
Northern Districts won the match by 43 runs.
Snook fishing will continue to be strong this month with larger fish still on the beaches. Expect to see them bunching up near passes and deeper holes.
Many report catching good fish with dead baits on the bottom. Artificial lures usually produce some awesome action as well.
August usually brings redfish action. This past month we could find fish, but getting them to bite with any consistency was something else. We'd sit on schools of fish tossing everything in the boat at them only to have them ignore our offerings. Occasionally we'd catch one or two on a cut pinfish or dead sardine on the bottom, but not with the action we're used to seeing.
With tons of bait around its likely the fish aren't that hungry, but at least they're out there. The bay area notoriously produces good catches of redfish; you just need to find the ones that are ready to eat.
With summer tides redfish will push into the mangrove lined shores and oyster bars on incoming tides. Be sure to work both incoming and outgoing tides.
Live bait normally produces good catches along with cut baits. Early morning topwater lures on the grass flats will offer some good visual excitement as well.
Trout fishing is always fun, especially when you find some larger fish willing to eat. I've been getting into some good action in deeper water and around the fish attractors free-lining greenbacks. Check out the deep grass flats in the three to four foot depths using a popping cork with greenbacks, small pinfish or shrimp.
Markers and sandy flats with big rays equal cobia! These fish frequent markers especially those holding threadfins, they also cruise the flats following rays and manatees.
Tarpon fishing at the bridges and on the beaches has its good and bad days. Recently it has been fairly slow. Threadfins, crabs and larger sardines should work if you can find fish.
Grey Snapper are everywhere. Pieces of live shrimp or cut sardines on a quarter ounce knocker rig work great. Just find a bridge, rock pile, dock or just about any structure and its fish-on.
Tampa Bay is loaded with mackerel and bluefish, fishing this month should be great. Just look for schools of threadfins, put out a chum bag and hold on. I'm seeing mackerel catches up to three and five pounds as well as some of the biggest blues ever.
“Give Me a Call & Let's Go Fishing” – 813-477-3814 Captain Woody Gore is the area's top outdoor fishing guide. Guiding and fishing the west central Florida areas for over fifty years; he offers world class fishing adventures and a lifetime of memories.
Multi-boat Group Charters: With years of organizational experience and access to the areas most experienced captains, Captain Woody can arrange and coordinate any outing or tournament. Just tell him what you need and it's done. Website: WWW.CAPTAINWOODYGORE.COM,
JAMB Registrar Debunks Fraud Case
The Registrar, Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), Prof Ishaq Oloyede, has reacted to allegations of fraud levelled against him, calling the perpetrators, liars.
This is even as he threatened legal action against who he described as the authors of the campaign of calumny against him and their willing collaborators.
The registrar who waxed religiously quoting copiously from the Holy Koran, in a statement made available to LEADERSHIP yesterday in Abuja through the Board\'s head, Media, Dr Fabian Benjamin, said he took the approach to react to his accusers based on three reasons.
‘The first count is one wouldn't bite a dog simply because a dog has bitten one. The second is that as the issue was claimed to have been reported to the EFCC, which has the means to take the right course of action after establishing the prima facie of the case brought before it.
‘The third is the need to twart the satanic objective of distracting me from a national assignment which they protested but failed'‎.
He, however, explained that the Pension Act of 2004 provided that 7.5 per cent of emoluments should be deducted from staff salaries and remitted into their pension accounts with Pension Funds Administrators (PFAs).
He said most universities , including UNILORIN based the calculation on basic salary and transport allowance as this was the case between July 2004 and December 2006 before he became vice-chancellor.
“I know no PFA and if salaries were deducted and saved in employees' account, I would not be the beneficiary.”
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy Name. Thy kingdom come. THY WILL BE DONE, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but DELIVER US FROM EVIL.
For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory, forever and ever. Amen †
Advertisements
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). Brendan Steele hits from the eighth tee of the Silverado Resort North Course during the second round of the Safeway Open PGA golf tournament Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Napa, Calif.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). Brendan Steele hits out of a bunker on the 18th fairway of the Silverado Resort North Course during the second round of the Safeway Open PGA golf tournament Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Napa, Calif.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). Tyler Duncan hits from the 10th tee of the Silverado Resort North Course during the second round of the Safeway Open PGA golf tournament Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Napa, Calif.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). Tyler Duncan makes a birdie putt on the 10th green of the Silverado Resort North Course during the second round of the Safeway Open PGA golf tournament Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Napa, Calif.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). Tyler Duncan follows his approach shot from the fairway to the 10th green of the Silverado Resort North Course during the second round of the Safeway Open PGA golf tournament Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Napa, Calif.
By JAMES RAIAAssociated Press
NAPA, Calif. (AP) - Tyler Duncan chipped in from the fringe for eagle on the par-5 18th hole Friday to take the second-round lead in the season-opening Safeway Open.
Making his second career PGA Tour start, Duncan shot a 6-under 66 for a one-stroke lead over defending champion Brendan Steele at Silverado Resort and Spa.
Duncan, the Web.com Tour graduate who shared the first-round lead with Steele and Tom Hoge, also had seven birdies and three bogeys to reach 13-under 131.
"It's crazy, it's nothing I could have ever dreamed of," said Duncan, whose only other PGA Tour event was as a regional qualifier in the 2015 U.S. Open. "I don't think it's sunk in yet, to be honest. It's something I've dreamed about for a long time. I'm just happy to be playing here and to be in the lead is something special."
Steele had six birdies and a bogey in a 67. He's 30 under is his past six rounds in the event.
"It was really a solid day, very similar to yesterday," Steele said. "I hit a lot of good shots, rolled and a lot of good putts and was able to watch Chesson go crazy."
Chesson Hadley, who began the second round seven shots behind the leaders, broke the course record with a career-best 61 to get within two strokes. He parred the final two holes.
"It's just one of those days everything was going my way," said Hadley, the 2014 Puerto Rico Open winner who regained his tour card through the Web.com Tour. "I was hitting great shots, good putts and got some good breaks. When you get that of momentum, things just go your way.
He had an eagle, 10 birdies and a bogey. His previous career best was a 64 in the opening round of the 2015 AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am.
Zac Blair (66) and Tony Finau (65) were 9 under, and Graham DeLaet (67) and Brian Davis (66) were another stroke back.
"I just had a lot of good looks," said Blair, who doesn't have a bogey through 36 holes. "I made 17 greens out there, left myself in some good spots, made a few of them and it was just kind of easy out there."
Emiliano Grillo, who won the event two years ago, was 7 under after a 70
Phil Mickelson, seeking his first win in since 2013, shot his second 69 to reach 6 under.
"I expected to score a little bit better today, but I had some good chances today," said Mickelson, who had six birdies, one bogey and a double bogey. "I drove it a lot better, I hit quite a few more fairways and gave myself some good birdie chances. But I let a few opportunities slide."
Mickelson, playing in his 91st PGA Tour event since his last win, finished eighth in the tournament last year and has six straight rounds in the 60s at Silverado.
"A low round is out there," said Mickelson, who birdied three straight holes after double-bogeying the 14th - his fifth hole of the day. "I feel like I'm getting close to it."
John Daly, the two-time major winner who in May won his first PGA Tour Champions title and is playing via a sponsor exemption, birdied the 18th for second-round 69 to make the 1-under cut at 143. Daly had missed the cuts in his past 12 PGA Tour events.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Rereātea brings you the latest news live from the Māori Television newsroom.
Today Kimiora Kaire-Melbourne and Wikitoria Day take you through the top stories of the day.
Wildfires are threatening homes around Governors Bay in Christchurch. Residents have been evacuated overnight as firefighters have attempted to stop the fires from causing damage to property. We bring you more this evening.
A 30-year-old man has been arrested and charged with the abduction and attack on a woman in Eden Terrace, Auckland on Monday afternoon. Read more here.
And at 35 years of age, Hohua Mohi is set to judge the haka for the first time at Te Matatini after more than twenty years performing, most recently for Te Arawa juggernauts Ngāti Rangiwewehi and Ngāti Tarāwhai. See a special feature on Mohi here.
Tune in to Māori Television at 5:30 for all the details on all of our top stories, or visit our website, Facebook or Twitter page.
WASHINGTON — The Treasury Department just gave Republicans ammunition that their tax cuts would pay for themselves.
But the one-page memo relies on a mathematical gimmick: It includes an assumption that tax cuts and other Trump administration policies would cause the economy to expand at a 2.9 per cent annual pace over 10 years. Economic growth at that level would, in theory, be enough to keep the national debt from rising.
But most analyses have concluded that the Senate tax overhaul would add at least $1 trillion to budget deficits in the next decade because the analyses foresee significantly less growth resulting from the tax cuts.
The Treasury Department report enables President Donald Trump to claim that the Senate tax overhaul would pay for itself, even though outside analyses show otherwise.
When the same report tries to estimate how much growth the tax cuts would actually produce, it also finds that the national debt would likely increase by at least $1 trillion during the next decade.
Many economists and tax experts were quick to dismiss the Treasury memo.
“It's a joke,” David Kamin, a law professor at New York University and former economic policy aide in the Obama White House, said on Twitter.
Sen. Ron Wyden, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, said, “It's no more than a thinly veiled attempt by the Trump administration to cover up an economic agenda that showers corporations with goodies while taking money and health care away from those who need it most.”
Most economic analyses — including one by Congress' Joint Committee on Taxation — assume that the tax cuts would cause the debt to rise significantly because the cuts would fail to deliver significantly faster growth.
An analysis of the Senate plan released Monday by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center found that even after factoring in additional economic growth, deficits would rise by $1.5 trillion over the next 10 years when including the additional interest costs.
A separate analysis by the Penn Wharton Budget Model found a similarly sized increase in budget deficits.
None of the top academic economists surveyed by the University of Chicago said the tax cuts would likely generate enough growth to pay for themselves.
The Treasury Department report, though, might provide a tool for Republican lawmakers to sell to a skeptical public tax cuts that largely help corporations and the wealthy. Both Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan have said that the tax cuts wouldn't add to budget deficits.
BERLIN CENTER, Ohio (WYTV) – McDonald rolled past Western Reserve 68-51 Friday night in Mahoning Valley Athletic Conference action.
Western Reserve has not defeated McDonald since the 2005-06 season.
Zach Rasile led the Blue Devils with 20 points. Braedon Poole notched a double-double with 16 points and 11 rebounds. Riko Rodriguez tallied 15 points in the victory.
Jack Cappabianca led Western Reserve with 17 points and 11 rebounds. Kade Hilles 8 points and six rebounds. Ryan Demsky also scored 8 points in the setback.
Western Reserve drops to 9-6 on the season and 8-4 in the MVAC. The Blue Devils host Jackson-Milton on Tuesday.
McDonald improves to 15-1 overall and 11-0 in MVAC action. The Blue Devils will host Lowellville Tuesday night.
Stock prices in the electrical equipment sector have been buoyed by a combination of expectations for an infrastructural stimulus, stabilization in oil and gas capital spending, and a general pickup in U.S. industrial production. While all three drivers are well founded, the market has seemingly baked them into companies' valuations and it's harder to find value in the sector. Still, I think there's a good case for buying stock in Parker-Hannifin Corp.(NYSE: PH), ABB Ltd. (NYSE: ABB), andIngersoll-Rand plc (NYSE: IR).
Continue Reading Below
Ingersoll-Rand
The case for Ingersoll-Rand is based on the fundamental and ongoing margin improvements at its core Trane unit, which includes heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC). Meanwhile, free cash flow generation is strong, and if U.S. industrial production starts to grow again in 2017,Ingersoll-Rand can expect better end market conditions inits industrial segment. Throw in a relatively cheap valuation, and the stock is attractive for investors looking for a good GARP — growth at a reasonable price — stock.
Image source: Ingersoll-Rand
Moreover, the outlook for the HVAC industry is upbeat in 2017. Ingersoll-Rand predicts organic revenue growth in the mid-single digits for residential and commercial HVAC this year.Meanwhile, peerUnited Technologies predicts residential and commercial HVAC organic sales to be up mid-single digits and low-single digits, respectively, in 2017. In a nutshell, Ingersoll-Rand's core business is operating in favorable end markets at a time when it's expanding margin — a potent combination.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
IR EV to EBITDA (Forward) data by YCharts.
Parker-Hannifin
In a similar vein to Ingersoll-Rand, Parker-Hannifin has plans to significantly expand margins, and given that its order growth has been positive in the past two quarters — after five quarters of decline — investors have every reason to expect growth going forward.
Moreover, the acquisition of CLARCOR Inccomplements the company's filtration operations and adds a strong recurring revenue base to Parker-Hannifin's earnings.In addition, the company's broad-based exposure to industrial production makes it a key beneficiary of the expected recovery in U.S. industrial conditions this year. Indeed, on the recent second-quarter earnings call, management raised its organic growth forecast for the second half from 2.3% to 3.3%.
All told, Parker-Hannifin's end markets are set to improve in 2017, and coupled with an underlying margin expansion story, it's an attractive stock for investors.
ABB's turnaround story
Switzerland's ABB Ltd. is not the sexiest of headline growth stories — comparable orders declined 5% in 2016 and revenue fell 1%, with operational EPS up a meager 4% — but it's one of the cheapest stocks in the sector based on enterprise value (market cap plus net debt) to free cash flow.
ABLZF EV to Free Cash Flow (TTM) data by YCharts.
No one wants a buy a cash-cow business that's about to fall into decline. But here's the thing: ABB is taking action to improve operationally, and its end markets should start to look better in 2017.
Pressure from activist hedge fund Cevian Capital has helped ABB's management undertake a strategic review of its power grids division. Cevian wanted power grids to be spun off, and the result was a plan to fully realize the value in power grids and the rest of ABB. Key parts of the plan include:
Restructuring the company into four divisions — electrification products, robotics and motion, industrial automation, and power grids — and divesting its cable business.
Investing in its digital capability, called ABB Ability, to offer customers Industrial Internet of Things solutions — something right out of the playbook of key power grids competitor General Electric .
. Targeted acquisitions — such as the recent deal to buy industrial automation company Bernecker & Rainer –to drive growth, with CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer promising more to come.
These actions come at an opportune time for ABB, because there's clear evidence of stabilization in some of its core end markets. For example, one of its key competitors in industrial automation, Emerson Electric, recently reported that its trailing-three-month orders in automation solutions had stopped declining.
Image source: ABB Ltd
In short, ABB is a value play for investors looking for a stock with turnaround potential, with end markets starting to look slightly more favorable. Throw in a 3.2% dividend yield, and the stock is worth looking at closely.
Summing up
All told, each of these stocks offers exposure to improving industrial markets, but for their own specific reasons, they have an opportunity to make operational improvements, which should lead to margin expansion in the coming years.
10 stocks we like better than ABB
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now and ABB wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Lee Samaha owns shares of United Technologies. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool recommends Emerson Electric and Illinois Tool Works. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
CARACAS — At each other's throats for two decades, militants of Venezuela's socialist state and opposition seldom agree on anything. Yet mention the name of presidential candidate Henri Falcon, and both are liable to spit.
"Traitor!" cry socialist stalwarts, who cannot forgive the former state governor for breaking with their beloved late leader Hugo Chavez in 2010.
"Chavista lite!" say opposition radicals, always suspicious that Falcon came into their ranks as a Trojan horse.
Now that the 56-year-old former soldier is running for president in a May 20 vote, both groups are united in scoffing at his chances.
After all, Falcon is up against not just a powerful President Nicolas Maduro but also an election system widely considered unfair and an opposition boycott that will deprive him of votes.
And yet, a clutch of opinion polls show Falcon ahead, bolstering his campaign mantra that he is a natural transition candidate with appeal to a moderate majority fed up with political polarization and economic chaos.
Widely-followed pollster Datanalisis, for example, put him more than 10 percentage points ahead in voter intentions.
"This government is finished," Falcon told Reuters, noting how few governments in history had survived hyper-inflation and economic chaos like Venezuela's current crisis.
Opinion surveys in Venezuela are often divergent, politicized and misleading in hindsight. But Falcon, his campaign team and some pundits think he may be able to create an avalanche as the campaign gets underway.
"If we really unite, get organized, construct a single narrative, and instead of discouraging people by asking them to abstain, we call them to vote, there's no way this government can beat us," said Falcon.
Maduro's advantages
Despite such optimism and Maduro's unpopularity on the streets, there appear to be plenty of ways for the government to assure victory.
It is ratcheting up welfare handouts and pressure on state workers, has skilfully fomented divisions within the opposition, barred Maduro's two main rivals from standing, brazenly uses state resources in its campaigns, and benefits from a compliant election board.
The board's head, Tibisay Lucena, is on U.S., EU and Canadian sanctions lists accused of violating democracy. Even its chosen vote machine operator, UK-based Smartmatic, accused her institution of fraud in a vote last year.
"Though Falcon is twice as popular as Maduro and could beat him in a competitive race, the 20 May vote will not be competitive," wrote Eurasia consultancy.
In line with his promise of a government of "national unity", Falcon is reaching out to opposition leaders like former presidential candidate Henrique Capriles to relax the boycott and join his campaign.
He has picked a Wall Street bank analyst, Francisco Rodriguez, to head his economic team.
And in a nod to his former allies in the ruling "Chavismo" movement and a signal to the armed forces that they need not fear him, Falcon may keep Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino should he win, a campaign aide said.
Venezuelan presidential candidate Henri Falcon talks to the media during a news conference in Caracas, Venezuela. MARCO BELLO / Reuters
But to win, Falcon needs to convince voters in places like La Vega, a poor hillside 'barrio' of Caracas that is a traditional 'Chavista' stronghold.
At a bread shop there, chatter revolved around impossibly high food prices and the growing migration of Venezuelans to Colombia. There was next to no enthusiasm either for Falcon or Maduro.
"I want to vote to change this disaster! But there are no good candidates," said Jose Sanchez, 25, an internet cafe worker whose minimum monthly wage - less than $2 at the black market rate - does not even cover diapers for his twin babies.
"Let's see if Falcon has changed since his Chavista days. I suppose I might vote for him, but only to get rid of Maduro," added Sanchez, who voted for the opposition in recent polls.
'Hunger pummeling US'
Driver Gustavo Isturiz, 56, said he voted for the government in multiple polls since Chavez won office in 1998 but was fed up with rising penury.
"Hunger is pummeling our stomachs, but the opposition still has no chance," he said. "I can't go over to them until a good candidate appears. I don't like Henri Falcon: he has no political project and he's not inspiring hope."
Some in La Vega's winding streets said they were so reliant on state handouts they would not dare to vote against Maduro for fear officials would see their ballot and cancel their benefits.
Falcon, whose energy is evident in his daily pre-dawn jogs, plans to start street campaigning in the next few days. He vows to keep popular welfare benefits but also open Venezuela's economy along more business-friendly lines.
His adviser Rodriguez recommends dollarizing the economy, seeking $15-20 billion in annual foreign funding, lowering taxes for oil investors, and dismantling currency controls.
Falcon faces a tough job persuading western nations to withdraw their objections to the May 20 vote.
The United States has been vociferous, threatening to extend sanctions on the Maduro government to hit the oil sector if it goes ahead with what critics are calling a "coronation" on May 20.
Its top diplomat in Venezuela, Todd Robinson, met with Falcon recently, sources close to the candidate said, trying to persuade him to withdraw as his challenge was undermining U.S. efforts to isolate Maduro.
Washington seems to be calculating that if Maduro scores a Pyrrhic victory, and is left governing a ravaged economy, military and social pressure will become unbearable.
"If Maduro wins, as looks likely, it will be a very unstable government," said Caracas-based consultant Dimitris Pantoulas. "At home, he is flirting with a coup d'etat and abroad he will be a pariah."
FOLLOW NBC LATINO ON FACEBOOK, TWITTER AND INSTAGRAM.
Decisions made, hosts out of contention
The third, and final, day of the Preliminary Round games at the Women's 17 EHF EURO in Slovakia saw thrilling draws and all the decisions made for which teams went through to the main round. Unfortunately for the hosts, they were not one of them as their 18:18 draw with Serbia saw them go into the intermediate round.
Today is a rest day for the teams with the Main Round and Preliminary Round throwing-off tomorrow (Tuesday 15 August).
For all the match throw-off times click HERE. All matches will be streamed on ehfTV.
Group A
Germany restricted Austria to an unbelievable first half goal tally of just four goals as they beat their neighbours 28:10 (17:4) to confirm top spot. Unsurprisingly, both goalkeepers were named the best players of the match with Laura Waldenmaier for Germany and Natali Misic for Austria taking the awards.
“Today we wanted to give an opportunity to the players who didn't get a chance to play a lot until now,” said Austria head coach Ausra Fridrikas. “It's a pity that we lost this match as we made too many mistakes.”
In the other match, Russia saw a three-goal first half lead – which had been six (8:2) – repeat at the end of the game, beating Netherlands 32:29 (18:15). A strong Russian defence with Nadezhda Kolesnikova in goal named the best player for her side, was backed up by Elena Mikhaylichenko in front of goal, who scored 11 times. This was the number of strikes which tournament top scorer Zoe Sprengers also scored for her side but it was not to be enough.
“We made some technical mistakes in defence,” said Anatoly Skorobogatov, Russia's head coach. “We expected Netherlands to play fast and vividly, and they did. Overall, we are not that satisfied with the result, but a victory is a victory.”
The results meant Germany topped the group with the maximum amount of six points, while Russia finished in second with four points. Both teams go through to the main round while the Netherlands in third (two points) and Austria in bottom stop (0) go into the intermediate round.
Group B
Ahead of the final group B games the unbeaten Denmark and Hungary sides had already confirmed their places in the Main Round so their final match was about who could finish top.
In the end, Hungary beat Denmark 31:27 (16:15) despite the best player performance from Danish goalkeeper Anna Opstrup Kristensen and eight goals from Andrea Ulrikka Aagot Hansen. The 11 goals from Tamara Pal earnt her the best player award for Hungary.
“Today we've met a very good team,” said Danish head coach Flemming Larsen. “They have very good tactics and every time we made a little mistake they punished us. We scored 27 goals and I think that should be enough for the victory, but today it wasn't because the defense wasn't strong enough.”
The Croatia vs Montenegro match was an exciting affair despite both teams starting the game knowing that they could not qualify for the Main Round. The 23:17 (10:8) win for Montenegro saw Anastasia Babovic in goal named the best player for her side, while Ana Malec received that award for Croatia.
Like Group A, Hungary (6 points) and Denmark (4) go through to the main round while Montenegro (2) and Croatia (0) go into the intermediate round.
Group C
It does not get any tighter than this as France and Sweden drew 23:23 (12:11) in their crunch match which eventually meant that France qualified to the Main Round thanks to goal difference.
Scoring nine of their goals was Pauletta Foppa who received the best player award for France, who took a time-out with just 51 seconds left as coach Laurent Puigsegur looked to get maximum points. But the best player performance from Josefine Hultberg-Dahlgreen in the Swedish goal stopped his side from pushing ahead.
Another game, another draw as Romania and Czech Republic ended in a stalemate, 27:27 (15:16). Marina Ile grabbed seven goals and the best player award for Romania while Barbora Vavrouskova was the best Czech Republic, however, Romania will look at just two converted seven-metre penalties out of five and know they could have got the win.
Romania ends the group clear at the top of the table with five points while France squeeze through due to a better goal difference than Sweden as both sides ended with three points. Czech Republic finished bottom with a solitary point and join Sweden in the intermediate round.
Group D
Yet another draw on the final preliminary round matchday, but for the competition, the most stressful as Serbia held the hosts Slovakia to an 18:18 (9:9) finish in front of 1,600 fans.
Emilija Lazic was shown a red card for Serbia after her third two-minute suspension in the 53rd minute as both goalkeepers (Marija Simic and Izabela Kondasova) won the best player awards for their teams in this defensive battle. The Danish coach of the Slovakians Heine Ernst Jensen took a time-out with 59:39 on the clock but it was not enough to get the victory.
Norway beat Spain 27:25 (15:12) to finish top of the group as both teams went through to the Main Round. Rikke Arnesen's four goals were enough to win her the best player award for Norway and the five goals Janna Sobrepera Casol scored for Spain made sure she received the award for her side.
Follow the Women's 17 EHF EURO
All games of the Women's 17 EHF EURO will be live on ehfTV.
For all the match throw-off times click HERE.
For the official competition website click HERE.
Photos: Slovakian Handball Federation
TEXT:
JEKYLL ISLAND, Ga. — A rare bobcat has returned to a Georgia island park teeming with deer but not many predators, possibly restoring a bit of the natural balance there.
Wildlife staffers at Jekyll Island State Park were stunned nearly two weeks ago when hikers found a young bobcat lying paralyzed. Only four of the wild cats are known to live there — and they're the first ones in roughly a century.
The bobcat, estimated at 1 1/2 years old, was taken to the Jacksonville Zoo in neighbouring Florida. Veterinarians say it recovered after they removed dozens of ticks, which they say likely caused the paralysis.
The bobcat returned to Jekyll Island for release Friday. It bolted from a pet carrier and vanished down a trail after giving its caretakers a last, piercing growl.
(WFLA) — Tampa Bay area home prices surged more than 14 percent in December, according to Florida Realtors. That's the biggest year-over-year gain of any major metro area in Florida. 2017 is also projected to be a strong year for home sales.
The strong market has condo owner Anna Coats considering putting her downtown Tampa property up for sale.
“The great thing about owning in downtown is that there are not a lot of places for sale, so the prices are much higher if you're a seller,” Coats says.
She's considering taking advantage of the market, selling, and renting for a while. She's discussing her options with Broker Realtor Jamie Klingman of The Boutique Realtors. Klingman says selling to take advantage of the strong market makes sense in Coats' situation, or in the case of someone like her mother, who recently put her home of more than 30 years on the market to downsize.
Says Klingman, “Renting gives you the option to try out a different lifestyle before you commit, and there's value to that.”
Mortgage Loan Originator Brian Hiatt, of Movement Mortgage, says if you're going to be living in a home less than three years, it makes more sense to rent.
He explains, “It can take three years of market appreciation for you to be able to overcome the upfront closing costs you've got to have to buy.”
For residency of more that three years, however, Hiatt recommends buying, especially if you're looking at homes priced up to $300,000. He points to a basic formula: how much would the home you want to buy rent for? If renting that home would cost more than the mortgage (plus taxes and PMI), it's probably a good buy.
Hiatt used the formula to analyze the Tampa Bay area, and factored in variables including a down payment of 3 percent, a market appreciation of 3 to 4 percent, and a minimum of three years in a home.
“In 90 percent of the communities in the Tampa Bay area, rent prices are higher than the equivalent mortgage prices,” says Hiatt.
With that under consideration, Coats says she's weighing her options, and will only choose to rent if it makes sense. She's still looking for “the right property at the right place at the right time.
Hiatt provided these additional Pros and Cons for Renting versus Buying:
Renting – Pros:
Flexibility in time/location
Not locked in past your lease term
Landlord responsible for maintenance
Renting – Cons:
Typically more expensive for the same size/type of dwelling
Rent can go up every year
Upfront costs often include a security deposit and first/last months' rent
Landlord can sell the property
Typically not much control over decorating/improvements
Owning – Pros:
Typically costs less per month than renting
Builds equity
Historic average appreciation of 3 to 4 percent
Income tax savings – you can itemize and deduct property taxes and percentage paid. Also, there are possible additional tax savings for first-time home buyers through the Florida Housing FTHB Tax Credit
You decide how long to stay
Owning – Cons:
Down payment can be tough to save for (although there are FTHB programs available for qualified applicants)
Maintenance is your responsibility
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
>> back to WFLA.com for more top stories
Between year-end cash appreciation tips, plane tickets back home, holiday parties, and, of course, all those Christmas presents for your nearest and dearest, December can wreak havoc on your wallet.
Luckily, you don't have to spend big bucks to get somebody a gift they're bound to cherish. A perfect gift is a thoughtful one — perhaps with an added dash of whimsy, humor, glamour or practicality. And fortunately, some of the best gifts under the tree clock in at a very nice price — under $30, to be precise.
Price: $18
Chatbooks allows you to take the beloved photos clogging up your cell phone and easily turn them into photos books through the Chatbooks app. For the holidays, the company has partnered with Kate Spade New York for nine chic photo books covers perfect for memorializing a year's worth of memories.
Buy it here.
Wildfang
Price: $12
Thank somebody for being a friend with one of these four nostalgic metal and rubber Golden Girls pins — one each for Dorothy, Blanche, Rose and Sophia — from Australian pin-creation company You Silly Duffer. May we suggest pairing it with a bottle of wine and a save the date for a Golden Girls marathon?
Buy it here.
Glossier
Price: $30
The cold, dry air outside and office heaters blasting all day long are a perfect storm for chapped lips, making this customizable trio of hydrating, antioxidant-packed skin salves from internet-fave beauty company Glossier a thoughtful, and extremely useful, gift. Pick your three different balms — choose between Birthday (inspired by the famous cake at sweets emporium Milk Bar), Rose, Cherry, Mint, Coconut or Original — for the busy woman-on-the-go to keep in her purse, car and desk drawer.
Buy it here.
Wake Up!: A Handbook to Living in the Here and Now
Price: $10.97
A series of playful exercises to make your life better, happier and more productive, the Wake-Up! handbook promises to help you supercharge your life. Exercises and strategies include methods for mindfulness, engaging your senses, improving creativity and giving back to others. Equally thought-provoking and calming, the book is a great — not to mention fun — resource for anybody to take simple, bite-sized steps towards self-improvement.
Buy it here.
The Laura Lea Balanced Cookbook
Price: $20.40
Written by Laura Lea Goldberg, a chef and author of the popular food blog LL Balanced, The Laura Lea Balanced Cookbook features more than 120 healthy, easy-to-prepare recipes for everyday, at-home occasions. Prioritizing whole foods and a balanced menu over diet fads and trends — and including pantry shopping lists and serving portion recommendations — the recipes manage to be nutritious and healthy while simultaneously comforting and satisfying. The perfect stocking stuffer for those resolving to eat healthier in the new year.
Buy it here.
Anthropologie
Price: $14
Never lose your mind over water-ring stains again. These geode coasters from Anthropologie — available in eight mesmerizing shades, including Rose Quartz, Amethyst, and Dyed Citron — are so gorgeous that you'll want to display and use them over and over. Perfect for the clean freak hostess with the mostess.
Buy it here.
Fit Simplify
Price: $10.95
Perfect for fit friends who live in a small apartment, people who don't have the extra cash to shell out for a pricey gym membership or workaholics who are always on-the-road traveling, these colorful latex resistance bands come in five different resistance levels and include a carrying bag, instructional e-book and online video workout guide. "Resistance bands are an easy and inexpensive piece of strength-training fitness equipment you should keep in your arsenal," says Nikki Griggs, NASM-certified personal trainer and fitness nutrition specialist. "Bands are available in difference resistance levels, are compact enough to bring when you travel and are versatile enough to train your entire body.”
Buy it here.
Backyard Safari
Price: $12
An at-home gardening kit you can use on your patio, with seeds including Sweet Basil, Heirloom Rutgers Tomatoes, Green Bell Peppers, Greek Oregano, Italian Parsley and Scallions — all the herbs and veggies you'll need to create the perfect pizza in your own kitchen. The kit is a great way to teach kids about where our food comes from (while cooking up one of their favorites) or a fun twist to date night for your significant other.
Buy it here.
Anywhere Travel Guide
Price: $13
Help the friend bit by the wanderlust bug take an adventure and rediscover spontaneity with this whimsical deck of 75 cards, featuring fun prompts — such as “Ask the next person you meet where his/her favorite street is. Go there” and “Eat a dessert for breakfast, three appetizers for lunch, and a breakfast for dinner” — designed to shake up your day, challenge you and make you see the world in a new way.
Buy it here.
Gift Republic
Price: $18
Been meaning for years to finally knock Moby Dick or Crime and Punishment off your reading list? Inspire your favorite book worm to hit their reading goals with this 100 Books Scratch Off Bucket List Poster. Including iconic books both old and new — everything from Les Miserables and War and Peace to American Psycho and A Game of Thrones — as you scratch off each book, you'll reveal the cover art underneath.
Buy it here.
Wallet Ninja Pro
Price: $14
This tiny tool will be a lifesaver in dozens of situations. At-home handimen will love the Wallet Ninja PRO, a credit card-sized tool that fits in your wallet and has 26 different functions — including working as a bottle opener, ruler, screwdriver, cell phone stand, box opener, eyeglass screw, protractor, wrench and more.
Buy it here.
Find BETTER gifts for everyone on your list:
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A man arrested for the armed robbery of a downtown business at knifepoint has also been charged with two other robberies committed in the same manner.
>> MUGSHOTS: December 2017 Roundup
Jason Keith Wagoner, 34, of Louisville, was arrested Dec. 9.
Just after 5 p.m. that day, Louisville Metro police say Wagoner entered Regalo, a store located at 562 South 4th Street, showed the employees a knife and demanded they give him the store cash. After the robbery, a person matching the description of the suspect was seen walking in the area, LMPD said that person was Wagoner and he had the knife and money in his pockets.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ 3 charged with neglect of woman, trash, feces pile up around house
+ Crying TN student's anti-bullying video goes viral
+ Organization works to end homelessness in Louisville
LMPD Robbery Squad detectives said Wagoner not only confessed to that robbery but admitted to being the person who robbed two other stores. Those robberies happened Oct. 27 at Flour de Lis Bakery, 1759 Bardstown Road, and on Dec. 6 at Carmichael's Kids, 1313 Bardstown Road. A knife was used in both of those robberies.
In addition to three counts of robbery, Wagoner is also charged with giving police false information and possession of drug paraphernalia. He was also wanted on a warrant from Clark County, Indiana.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
The deadly New Year's attack on a ritzy Istanbul nightclub has brought more turmoil to Turkey and shown how the conflict in neighboring Syria easily can spill over to threaten Europe's stability.
The mass shooting's bleak coda came into sharp relief Monday: Islamic State militants claimed the “heroic soldier” who gunned down revelers with a high-powered rifle at the jam-packed Reina nightclub as one of their own as police tried to find the fugitive, who is believed to have escaped in the mayhem he caused.
The assault that happened in the second hour of 2017 bookended another holiday season terror in Europe — the Dec. 19 attack at a Christmas market in Berlin. Both IS-linked assaults were carried out with the simple, low-tech approach that seems to be gaining favor with extremists.
In Berlin, a Tunisian extremist drove a large truck into the crowded market, killing 12. The Istanbul gunman killed a police officer and security guard outside the nightclub, then opened fire with an automatic rifle inside, leaving a total of 39 dead and dozens wounded.
This is the reality facing Europe as the Islamic State group loses territory in Syria and Iraq, but maintains followers, returning fighters and sleeper cells in the West eager to launch attacks.
___
POSSIBLE REASONS FOR THE ATTACK
The Islamic State group has many countries in its sights, and has claimed credit for high-profile attacks on France, Germany and Belgium while threatening Britain time and again. Turkey, which shares a large, porous border with Syria, is an appealing target because it is a NATO ally of the United States that has attacked IS positions in both Syria and Iraq.
For IS militants facing the loss of territory that comprises part of their self-proclaimed caliphate, carrying out successful attacks in other countries is an important reminder that the group still is a force to be reckoned with — and feared. And it is relatively easy for IS sympathizers to infiltrate Turkey and to move around in densely populated urban areas.
The Reina nightclub might have been chosen because it is popular with an international clientele and well-to-do locals, including many from the worlds of entertainment and sports. It also serves alcohol, which is prohibited on IS-held territory. The Reina had a strong security detail, but the gunman opened fire on a policeman and a civilian outside the club and quickly gained entry.
Once inside, it was not difficult to claim many victims. But his ability to kill so many and still elude police is worrisome — and has left Turkey on edge.
___
TURKEY'S VULNERABILITY
Turkey's location as a crossroads linking Europe and the Middle East has made it susceptible to rising tensions and rival factions throughout the region and brought in a huge number of migrants trying to get to western Europe.
Before the nightclub shootings, the country already had endured attacks from Islamic State militants and Kurdish separatists. There were dozens of substantial attacks last year alone as extremists tried to spread instability and damage the important tourist industry.
The list reads like a primer on modern terror tactics: a coordinated attack on the Istanbul airport in June that killed 44, a January suicide bombing that killed 12 German tourists, an August suicide attack on a Kurdish wedding party that killed at least 51 celebrants, and many others.
The cycle of violence, and a failed military coup in July that claimed about 270 lives, has led President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to take a more authoritarian approach. The government is also seeking to crack down on websites and social media users who praise extremist actions.
___
HOW CAN EUROPE PREVENT MORE ATTACKS?
Shifting extremist tactics have created new challenges for security agencies. Police and intelligence agencies say that “soft” public targets like nightclubs and sporting events are virtually impossible to comprehensively defend; there are too many of them. And as the Berlin, Istanbul and earlier attacks in France and Belgium brutally illustrated, a person with an automatic weapon or a heavy truck is armed with deadly force.
Extra layers of security, and some impregnable physical barriers, were added at some European landmarks for New Year's Eve celebrations to prevent a repeat of the Berlin attack, but it would not be possible to protect every popular club in every city and town.
The potential targets are plentiful and symbolic: In Berlin, a Christmas market long part of the city's festive tradition, in Istanbul, a New Year's party that represents Turkey's partial embrace of Western-style revelry.
The Berlin gunman escaped the scene and managed to cross into France and then Italy, where he was shot dead by police in a confrontation near Milan. In Istanbul, police say they have the gunman's fingerprints and a general description. Turkish officials said Tuesday they are close to being able to identify him, but where he remains at large is unknown.
SAN JOSE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Empowering enterprises to retain top sellers and meet their revenue objectives, Xactly today announced new predictive intelligence capabilities to identify potential sales rep attrition. Applying machine-learning to Xactly's unique collection of empirical pay and performance data, the algorithm analyzes attrition patterns in current and previous years to predict which employees will stay and those who are in danger of leaving.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005630/en/
New predictive intelligence capabilities from Xactly Insights help identify potential sales rep attrition. (Graphic: Business Wire)
The new functionality is the latest advancement built on Xactly's artificial intelligence (AI) based sales performance management (SPM) platform, which enables customers to use real-time data to better plan, execute and optimize the entire selling process. From directly within their Xactly Insights TM dashboard, sales leaders can now monitor the health of each sales rep and receive proactive notifications when a team member is at risk. The sales rep attrition prediction offering, available this summer, is the first of several new machine-learning infused applications that Xactly will deliver to drive a high performing sales organization.
“For enterprises with hundreds or even thousands of reps, it's nearly impossible to monitor each rep individually to ascertain when they may be in danger of leaving or are simply underperforming,” said Vijai Shankar, senior director, product marketing, Xactly. “Even a single top rep quitting can result in millions of lost revenue, missed forecasts and unhappy customers. Xactly eliminates the guesswork and speculation, giving sales leaders the hard data they need to manage rep performance at scale. By being able to clearly identify those reps at risk, companies can potentially save top performers and identify action plans to help to struggle reps reach their full potential.”
Xactly's artificial intelligence platform is backed by more than 13 years of aggregated and anonymized sales pay and performance insights from hundreds of thousands of subscribers. No other data set of this magnitude exists in the market today.
“Organizations need to engage and retain sales professionals to prevent lost time, money and mitigate the danger of negative customer experiences,” said Mark Smith, CEO and chief research officer at Ventana Research. “Marrying its proprietary big data set with machine learning, Xactly Insights provides the predictive, actionable intelligence customers need to identify at risk professionals and take needed steps to reduce turnover.”
ARE YOUR BEST REPS ABOUT TO LEAVE?
According to a DePaul University report, the average cost of replacing a sales rep is $115,000 and it has been noted that it can take a new rep up to six months to reach their full quota potential. Currently, Xactly's benchmarking data shows that the average tenure of a sales rep is 14 months, meaning most companies are not even gaining a single year of full productivity from their sales rep investments.
With the new sales rep attrition prediction functionality, enterprises can change that paradigm. Applying advanced machine learning to Xactly's vast big data set, the new algorithm analyzes sales rep behaviors and attrition patterns to predict who may be in danger of leaving, looking for signals such as their historical sales performance, a sudden drop off in deals, etc.
When a potential red flag is identified, sales leaders receive a clear “warning sign” directly in their Insights dashboard. Sales leaders can then drill down into the history of a particular rep to see what further steps can be taken to avoid attrition such as, identifying new growth and coaching opportunities, simplifying plans, etc. This is a critical step in not only maintaining the health of a sales organization and meeting bottom line revenue objectives but also anticipating staffing and hiring needs and improving sales and quota planning.
For more information on this new offering, please visit: http://bit.ly/2HpGjMK
About Xactly
Xactly delivers a scalable, cloud-based enterprise platform for planning and incenting sales organizations, including sales quota and territory planning, incentive compensation management, and predictive analytics. Using this powerful sales performance management (SPM) portfolio, customers mitigate risk, accelerate sales performance, and increase business agility. Combined with Xactly Insights TM, the industry's only empirical big data platform, Xactly empowers companies with real-time compensation insights and benchmarking data that maximize the bottom line. With an open, standards-based architecture, Xactly seamlessly integrates within an enterprise's existing infrastructure, with the ability to work with any ERP, CRM, or HCM application, while meeting the highest enterprise standards in security, reliability, and privacy.
To learn more about Xactly and the latest issues and trends in SPM software, follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and the Xactly Blog.
©2018 Xactly Corporation. All rights reserved. Xactly, Xactly Insights, the Xactly logo, and “Inspire Performance” are registered trademarks or trademarks of Xactly Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Salesforce and others are among the trademarks of Salesforce.com, Inc.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005630/en/
CONTACT: Blanc & Otus Public Relations
Kristin Reeves, 415-856-5145
kristin.reeves@blancandotus.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES HUMAN RESOURCES
SOURCE: Xactly Corporation
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005630/en
But I'm so frustrated with these small cost-of-living raises I'm getting from my current employer. … How can I negotiate for a big raise in my current position?
Newsflash: A company is not going to just give you more money because you want it, O'Donnell says. You need to sit down with your boss and say, “I want to earn more. What problems do I need to solve? What skills do I need to increase?” Don't go in and say, “I deserve more money.” (Although if you feel you're underpaid for the market, do your homework with the Bureau of Labor Statistics, and come to any discussions with details on the average rate for your position.)
Overall, it's up to you to push harder for promotions and raises inside your company, Chopra says. “Do a great job, and when you've reached certain milestones, go to your boss and say, ‘I'd like to discuss whether we can pump up my pay.'” Do this during appropriate intervals throughout the year — no need to wait for an annual review.
If you're thinking of going in with a counteroffer from another company in the hopes that a fear of losing you will convince your employer to pay you more, beware: They may not take kindly to what can be perceived as “strong-arming,” O'Donnell says.
“They may think they have a great partnership with you, and when you do this, they're going to know that you're looking around. I've seen people do this for years, and in my experience they are out the door within a year after playing this card. The trust is gone.”
If I have job-hopped, how do I explain it to hiring managers?
If you walk in and say that you got bored and switched jobs, that's going to be a hard sell, Chopra cautions.
It all comes down to how well you can explain yourself. You need to say that you've been on a journey with purpose, in pursuit of a bigger goal, says O'Donnell.
“It has to roll off your tongue with confidence,” he says. “If you are at all hesitant about owning everything on your resume and detailing why your experiences were positive, that's going to come across in your answers.”
If your resume reflects more than two short stints, try to find someone inside the company where you're applying who is willing to walk your resume down the hall and give you a personal recommendation. “They can vouch for you and say, ‘Overlook the fact that they have jumped, I know they can do this job and they plan to stick around.'”
Pro tip: Writing a killer cover letter can help get your resume seen, even by the most scrutinizing hiring managers.
At a certain point, it's OK to move on. It's definitely time if …
If you work in a company with a toxic culture where your boss is insulting or where people often take credit for your work, it may be time to move on, says Dan Schawbel, author of “Back to Human.” Another big red flag is if your company is consistently hiring from the outside rather than promoting from within.
Over the last decade, the covenant between employer and employee has profoundly changed, says Don Asher, author of “Who Gets Promoted, Who Doesn't, and Why.” “You don't owe them anything more than a day's work for a day's pay,” Asher says. “There is a term for people who give loyalty when they aren't getting any, and that term is a fool. People need to be smart. Your career is on you. You have to develop yourself however you think best, even if frequent job changes are part of that process.”
With Kathryn Tuggle
GET MORE CAREER ADVICE
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Thermal Insulation Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast by 2022 – Business Services
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
#BBNaija: Basketmouth defends Cee-C, says there's a Cee-C in every woman
Basketmouth has come out to defend BBNaija housemate, Cee-C. He spoke on criticisms targeted at her for raining insults at Tobi.
Recall that Cee-C while in the house got some negative reactions from viewers after she hurled serious insults at Tobi for gossiping about her with other housemates.
However, Basketmouth in a video on Goldmyne Tv said every woman would behave the same way as Cee-c , adding that there is a Cee-c in every woman out there.
In the video, he said:
“Everywhere, I hear people complaining that Cee-c could not win because she insulted Tobi.
“How dare you people insult her because she insulted a man, the same thing she did, every woman would do. Unfortunately camera no dey everybody houses.
“There is a Cee-c in every woman.”
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post #BBNaija: Basketmouth defends Cee-C, says there's a Cee-C in every woman appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President Donald Trump plans to build a wall on the border with Mexico. He has said no one can build a wall better than him. He'll have to do better than these famous walls to make that promise a reality.
Four local New Jersey residents will compete in the Special Olympics state championships on June 8-10 at the College of New Jersey.
Meghan Mann, Raymond Patt, Justin Reynolds and Charlie Bowlby qualified for states after their performances in the New Jersey Area 3 Regionals held on May 5 at Hackettstown High School.
Mann, a 30-year-old from Phillipsburg, won golds in the 50-meter run and the turbo javelin and silver in the 100-meter walk at regionals.
Patt, a 38-year-old from Phillipsburg, won gold in the 400-meter walk, silver in the softball throw and bronze in the 100-meter walk.
Reynolds, a 34-year-old from Hope Township, earned gold in the 100-meter run and bronze in the 200-meter run.
Bowlby, a 64-year-old from Phillipsburg, was fourth in the 50-meter run, fifth in the softball thrown and took home a participation award in the 100-meter walk.
Josh Folck may be reached at jfolck@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @JoshFolck.
Fed up with checking emails on your days off or after hours? Well, now you can ignore them all, without fear of losing your job! That is, if you live in France.
As of the new year, many French workers now have the "right to disconnect" from work email during their off hours.
While you may be slammed with an avalanche of emails today — on a day that is technically a holiday — those lucky French are not paying attention to their inboxes, if they can help it.
Related: In Workplace of the Future, You're On Your Own (For Better or Worse)
The new law, which took effect January 1, requires businesses with more than 50 employees to negotiate after-hours email rules with their employees.
"Employees physically leave the office, but they do not leave their work. They remain attached by a kind of electronic leash — like a dog. The texts, the messages, the emails — they colonize the life of the individual to the point where he or she eventually breaks down," Benoit Hamon, a member of Parliament, told the BBC in May when the measure was introduced.
While there is currently no penalty for violating the law, the hope is that companies will voluntarily comply with it.
There's proof that saying "au revoir" to work emails when you're off the clock may be a good thing: A study from the University of British Columbia found people who were told to check their email only three times per day were less stressed than their always-on counterparts.
Could something like this ever work in the United States? Jeffrey Adelson, general counsel and managing partner at Adelson, Testan, Brundo, Novell & Jimenez, said it would be a challenge.
"At some point in time the diligent employee will feel compelled to 'catch up,' which may result in working off the clock," he told NBC News. "My experience tells me the email faucet cannot be turned off once it is on."
Lynn Taylor, a workplace expert and author of "Tame Your Terrible Office Tyrant," told NBC News that while work-life balance is a "noble cause," she doesn't see a law like this ever coming to the United States.
"Improved work-life can be accomplished in more business- and employee-friendly ways," she said. "This legislation will hurt corporate productivity because our society has come to expect instant communications and unprecedented customer service."
Barcelona great Xavi slammed the LaLiga giants for falling asleep amid Real Madrid's European dominance.
Madrid claimed a third consecutive Champions League title on Saturday, beating Liverpool 3-1 in the final in Kiev.
Barcelona, meanwhile, secured the LaLiga crown for the third time in four seasons during 2017-18.
But Xavi – who won four Champions League trophies with Barça – accused the Spanish champions of becoming "dormant", despite signing the likes of Luis Suarez, Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane Dembele in recent seasons.
"Madrid has a winning gene and Barça have fallen asleep," he told El Penalti.
"They have been dormant for years with signings and that takes its toll."
Xavi also pointed to Madrid's luck in the Champions League, the latest of which was Mohamed Salah's injury and Loris Karius' errors in the final.
"Real Madrid had everything in sight. Injured players like [Paris Saint-Germain star] Neymar, [Bayern Munich's Arjen] Robben, [Jerome] Boateng, the referees," he said.
"The most important Liverpool player was injured, Bayern goalkeepers [Manuel Neuer injured and Sven Ulreich's semi-final error] and Liverpool.
"It seems like a witch, but the issue is that Barcelona have fallen asleep and it seems Barça are winning titles, but the others are winning the Champions League."
Although the focus is on the golf at the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open Championship this week, it was still hard not to miss England's dramatic penalty shoot-out win over Colombia on Tuesday night.
Not everyone at Ballyliffin Golf Club may be as euphoric about an England success in Europe as those across the sheugh on the mainland.
But Irish Open host Rory McIlroy dealt with the question diplomatically on Wednesday.
NASA Guidelines for Watching the Solar Eclipse Safely
by Jeff Sanders
NASA has issued several safety recommendations for safely watching the solar eclipse on August 21st. One of the biggest suggestions is to make sure you have proper eye protection. Experts warn looking directly at the solar eclipse could lead to permanent vision loss.
Plus, make sure if you buy solar eclipse glasses that they meet government safety requirements.
For more information on the eclipse and safety recommendation, visit NASA online:
NASA Solar Eclipse Safety Tips
With a slew of apps and services, it's now easier than ever to hire a stranger to come to your home, at your convenience, for cleaning, repairs and any odd jobs.
Most of the time, the gig economy works perfectly for the customer and the worker. Many of the large services, like Handy and TaskRabbit, require people on the employee side to pass a background check.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Are Uber driver imposters luring unsuspecting passengers? 2:55 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But, while it's far more likely your favorite pair of shoes may be moved in your bedroom, rather than stolen, it still doesn't hurt to take a few extra precautions when you're trusting a stranger to come into your home.
Related: How Apps Can Help You Be Your Own Boss
Locking your most expensive items in a drawer or a safe is of course the most obvious option. However, there are also a number of tech tools you can use for home safety year-round, even when you don't have a stranger in your home.
Smart Sensors
If you want to make sure a certain area of your home stays off-limits, consider investing in smart sensors.
Samsung SmartThings makes a multipurpose sensor that works with a smart hub to notify you any time that private drawer or door is opened. As an added bonus, when you're not using it for security, place it by your washer and dryer and you'll get notified on your smartphone when your laundry is done. A smart hub will set you back around $150.
Another option is the Philips Hue Motion Sensor, which connects to a Phillips Hue Bridge. In total, the duo runs about $100 and can even turn on your smart lights when you get home.
Smart Cameras
Canary is an all-in-one home security system trained to send intelligent alerts to a user's smartphone when it detects activity.
You can also open your Canary app to see live video and audio of what's happening in your home at that moment and replay video clips. The all-in-one security system can even let you sound a 90+ decibel alarm if you see shady activity unfolding live on your app, hopefully scaring the thief away and alerting neighbors. One device starts at $169, with deals for multi-packs.
Another option is the Nest Cam Indoor, which can be placed in an inconspicuous place in your home and record video that can be stored in the cloud for 30 days. If there's a suspicious sound in your home, Nest will also send an alert to your phone, so you're immediately in the know. It can also send "person alerts," letting you see who's in your home. The indoor camera starts at $199, but there are deals if you buy multiple devices to cover more areas of your home.
Where Did That Thing Go?
If losing your favorite bag or coat is a worry, consider putting a Tile tracker in it. The tiny device pairs to your smartphone and will let you know where your item is, as long as the Tile is still inside of it.
More often than not, it's likely your housekeeper moved that bag to vacuum and you'll find it somewhere in your house. If you're having trouble locating an item, you can also reach out to the customer service representatives from whichever platform you used. They can ask the service provider if they saw a specific item — and more often than not, quickly tell you where it is in your home.
More than 120 pregnant female whales were among 333 killed during Japan's recent annual summer hunt off the coast of Antarctica, according to a new report.
The report, released by the International Whaling Commission this month, said 114 of the slaughtered minke whales were considered immature.
The last hunting season in the Antarctic for Japan ran from Dec. 8 to Feb. 28.
Conservationists said the new report was further evidence that Japan was killing whales for commercial purposes under the guise of scientific research.
Whether the annual hunt is legal is unclear, as some federal and international laws are in conflict with one another.
Britain to launch new pound coin to deter counterfeiters
A total of 1.5 billion of the coins will be issued in the first minting.
The post Britain to launch new pound coin to deter counterfeiters appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
HYDERABAD, India — Mobs of villagers killed at least three people and attacked several others after social media messages warned that gangs of kidnappers were roaming southern India in search of children, police said Friday.
Authorities said there was no indication that such gangs actually existed.
Police officer E. Ramchandra Reddy said six villagers were arrested for allegedly killing a 33-year-old motorized rickshaw driver in Jiyapalli, a village in Telangana state, on Wednesday night. The villagers suspected the driver was a child abductor.
Jiyapalli is located in the Indian state of Telangana. Google Maps
He was leaving for his nearby hometown after visiting his brother in the village, Reddy said.
Two deaths were reported in similar attacks Tuesday in other villages in the state, he said.
A woman from eastern Bihar state was thrashed by a mob at a railroad station in Guntur district in Andhra Pradesh state and was hospitalized in critical condition after she was suspected of seeking to abduct children, top state police officer M. Malakondaiah said. She did not know the local Telugu language, creating a misunderstanding with local villagers, he said.
In Bangalore, the capital of neighboring Karnataka state, police detained nine people for tying a person to a tree and beating him on Tuesday, senior police officer T. Suneel Kumar said. He said there had been no incidents of gangs abducting children, despite video messages circulating on social media.
Kumar said Friday the postings created fear, and villagers formed vigilante groups to look for suspected abductors.
The Puskas award is rightfully only given out for goals scored in official matches, but there should be a separate category for training ground goals.
Some of the most outrageous pieces of skill are saved for the comfort and relative low pressure of the practice pitch, and in that situation, FC Porto's Ruben Neves pulled out one of the most fantastic goals we've seen in this short calendar year.
It's incredible skill from Neves. Not one, but two sombreros over his hapless teammates, and then the perfect left-footed volley to cap it all off. Amazing.
The 19-year-old Portugal international is reportedly highly coveted by a number of teams around Europe, and it's easy to see why with the ability to pull off goals like this. January is here, there will surely be more than a couple teams testing Porto with bids to come and take him away.
Goals like this won't dim the interest in him, training ground or not.
Alanis Morissette robbed of $2 million worth of jewelry and valuables
Los Angeles police confirm that $2 million worth of jewelry and other valuables has been stolen from singer Alanis Morissette's home. Detectives say burglars broke into her mansion last Thursday and took an entire safe.
Lonzo Ball to Los Angeles has dominated the speculation surrounding the Lakers and the No. 2 overall pick in the NBA Draft, but there are a few other prospects who interest the Lakers. Mark Medina of the Southern California News Group discusses De'Aaron Fox and Josh Jackson after their recent workouts for the Lakers. Could either of those players jump ahead of Ball? You'll hear from both players and Fox's teammate at Kentucky, Isaac Humphries.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on investigations into contacts between President Donald Trump's campaign and Russia. (all times local):
9:31 a.m.
Rep. Adam Schiff, the top-ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, says there is nothing in a classified Republican memo on the Russia investigation that vindicates President Donald Trump.
He says Rep. Devin Nunes of California, the committee chairman, is pushing a "misleading narrative" to undermine the FBI and special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election and whether Trump's campaign was involved.
Schiff says, "This is not about the facts."
He says Trump also incorrectly claimed to be vindicated last year when Nunes shared evidence with the White House of a "vast unmasking conspiracy" that allegedly involved Obama officials inappropriately making requests to uncover the identities of Trump campaign officials in intelligence reports.
Schiff spoke at an event sponsored by the news site Axios.
____
9:10 a.m.
A White House spokeswoman says she is not aware that President Donald Trump has seen a classified memo on the Russia investigation that he favors releasing.
Trump was overheard Tuesday night telling a Republican lawmaker he is "100 percent" in favor of releasing the memo. He spoke on the House floor after his first State of the Union address.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders said on CNN Wednesday morning that she was not aware Trump had seen the memo, adding that he had not "prior to and immediately after" the address.
Sanders said a legal and national security review into the memo continues.
The memo purports to show improper use of surveillance by the FBI and Justice Department in the Russia investigation. It has sparked a political fight pitting Republicans against the FBI and the Justice Department.
__
2:02 a.m.
The White House says it will give a controversial memo connected to the Russia election meddling probe a legal and national security check before President Donald Trump decides whether to release it.
Yet Trump was overhead at Tuesday night's State of the Union address telling a Republican lawmaker that he is "100 percent" in favor of releasing the memo. Television cameras captured the exchange as Trump was leaving the House chamber.
Republicans say the memo reveals improper use of surveillance by the FBI and the Justice Department, a description Democrats dispute.
The memo arrived at the White House on Monday after the House intelligence committee brushed aside opposition from the Justice Department and voted to release it. Under committee rules, the president has five days to object to its release.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Amuru man taken to court, cautioned for keeping tortoise
Amuru man cautioned over keeping protected animal species
The newly created Uganda Standards, Utilities and Wildlife Court has sentenced Dennis Omoni to a caution for unlawful possession of a tortoise. This after convict Omoni, a resident of Amuru District, pleaded guilty to a charge of being in possession of protected species, before Grade one magistrate Gladys Kamasanyu.
Omoni told court in Kampala that the tortoise which was found at his home had invaded his fish pond and it was disrupting his farming business.
However the Magistrate cautioned him never to endanger these protected species as he will be denying a chance to the young generation to see them.
The post Amuru man taken to court, cautioned for keeping tortoise appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Thousands of people living with leukemia, sickle cell anemia and other blood cancers and disorders know that a cure is within reach. But for these patients, the cure isn't a "what" - but a "who." Finding the "who" can be quite challenging, especially for African Americans. This is because they have the most diverse genetic tissue types compared to other ethnicities.
Bone marrow donation offers a rare opportunity for people outside of the medical community to save lives. The Be The Match Registry® connects potential donors willing to give their bone marrow to patients with blood diseases. Many people are unaware of the registry or the impact it can make. Patients like Shaunise Robinson are all too aware.
Be A Match patient, Shaunise Robinson Abby West
A mother, third-grade teacher and doctoral candidate at Texas A&M, Robinson was balancing a full plate when she got a surprising diagnosis. The 27-year-old learned in November 2016 that she has severe aplastic anemia, a rare disease in which her bone marrow does not make enough blood cells for her body. A blood or marrow transplant offers her the best route to a cure.
"I never really felt stressed or sad about my diagnosis," she said. "Everything happens for a reason. I'm grateful to be able to spread the word and raise awareness, not just for myself, but for every patient waiting for a donor."
Related: Christen Johnson is Pushing For Diversity In Medicine
Robinson understands the power of education. As she manages her care, she's also sharing the need for more potential donors in the Be The Match Registry - especially African-Americans between the ages of 18 and 44.
She's got a sunny disposition, a supportive family and an unwavering determination to live, not just for herself, but for her four-year-old son.
"Patients are more likely to match someone who shares their ethnic background," she said. "So, we desperately need more African-American donors in the registry. There may only be one donor out of millions who can save a patient's life. It's not every day that you get the chance to be a hero, but when you commit to being a donor, trust me: you are a hero to patients and their loved ones."
C.J. Logan is one of these heroes.
Be A Match donor, C.J. Logan Abby West
An alumnus of Villanova University, Logan joined the registry as a freshman on the football team thanks to the encouragement of his coach. Andy Talley, the head football coach at Villanova for 32 years, created a bone marrow donor recruitment program in partnership with Be The Match called "Get in the Game. Save a Life." More than 80 college programs now participate nationwide, facilitating more than 200 new donor-patient matches to date.
When Logan got the call informing him that he was a match, he didn't hesitate. Just after finishing his senior football season in 2015, he donated his bone marrow to give a stranger a second chance at life.
Related: Verlando Brown Wants to Keep Black America Healthy
"The possibility of saving a life outweighs everything else," he said. "Medical procedures can be intimidating, but don't let it stop you. I wasn't sure what to expect, because I'd never actually had an injury in 16 years of playing contact sports. But with anesthesia, the actual procedure was painless. Afterward, my back was a little stiff, and I was sore, but I've felt worse after an intense football game. I was fully recovered after about two weeks."
Among his many accomplishments on the field, Logan was named MVP of his high school football team and played in the 2014 NCAA playoffs with Villanova. However, he now considers his experience as a bone marrow donor to be one of the most incredible experiences of his life.
"It was life-changing," he said. "I can't recommend strongly enough that everyone who is able to join the registry should do so - and follow through if you're a match."
Abby West is an established journalist and publishing exec and a board member of the Be the Match registry. She became a PBSC donor in 2014 after she was moved to join the registry while she was reporting on a drive to recruit more African-American donors.
Follow NBCBLK on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
LOS ANGELES — Harvey Weinstein's movie company said Friday it would investigate allegations that the Hollywood producer sexually harassed women inside and outside the company for years. Weinstein will go on an indefinite leave of absence during the probe, the company said.
The board of the Weinstein Company met Friday and decided to hire a law firm to delve into allegations revealed in an article published Friday in The New York Times, which quoted several women who alleged they were sexually harassed, including actress Ashley Judd. The article said several women received financial settlements over the years.
"We strongly endorse Harvey Weinstein's already-announced decision to take an indefinite leave of absence from the Company, commencing today," the board said in a statement Friday evening. "As Harvey has said, it is important for him to get professional help for the problems he has acknowledged."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Harvey Weinstein: Sexual Harassment Allegations Span Decades 1:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A majority of the board of the privately-held company said it had hired the law firm of Debevoise & Plimpton "to learn the full truth regarding the article's very serious accusations." The firm includes partners described as experts in such personnel investigations — John Kiernan, Matthew Fishbein and Helen Cantwell, a former sex-crimes prosecutor for the New York district attorney's office.
They will report their findings to "a special committee of the board composed exclusively of independent directors," Friday's announcement said. "Next steps will depend on Harvey's therapeutic progress, the outcome of the Board's independent investigation, and Harvey's own personal decisions."
Three board members, Paul Tudor Jones, Marc Lasry and Dirk Ziff, were not mentioned in the Weinstein company announcement. According to multiple news accounts, Ziff resigned from the board prior to the approval of the leave of absence.
Weinstein is perhaps better known than the average movie studio boss. He was frequently seen on the red carpet with his fashion designer wife, Georgina Chapman.
He carved out a niche as a New York-based supporter of independent movies and is known for backing numerous Oscar winners, including "Shakespeare in Love," "The Artist," and "The King's Speech." The company also owns a TV division that is behind shows such as Lifetime''s "Project Runway" and the Netflix series "Marco Polo."
Harvey Weinstein attends the annual Appeal of Conscience awards dinner at the New York Hilton on September 18, 2017. Tim Boxer / Getty Images file
Several of Weinstein's friends and associates believe it is unlikely that Weinstein can continue his career in its present form and that the business of independent film production and distribution has morphed with the arrival of Netflix and Amazon. Weinstein was said, by a person familiar with the crisis management plan, to be in his company office on Friday making calls. The TV division has long been for sale for as high as $900 million, according to several reports.
A call to Weinstein's office was not returned. Harvey's adviser Lisa Bloom told The Times that "he denies many of the accusations as patently false."
Several politicians said they are returning donations from Weinstein in light of the claims, according to the politicians' spokespeople and several news reports. They include Democratic Senators Cory Booker, Charles Schumer, Kirsten Gillibrand, Elizabeth Warren, Richard Blumenthal, Martin Heinrich, and Patrick Leahy.
The Republican National Committee on Thursday issued a statement calling on Democrats to return Weinstein's donations. “If Democrats and the Democratic National Committee truly stand up for women like they say they do, then returning this dirty money should be a no brainer,” the statement said. Weinstein has been a big financial booster of both President Bill Clinton and former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
The Democratic candidate for New Jersey governor, Phil Murphy, was slated to host a benefit with Weinstein this month. A person who is involved in the event said: “There will be one less co-host.” Murphy's press representative declined to comment on Weinstein's presence.
The harassment allegations, which have been rumored in Hollywood, were finally put squarely in the public sphere after The New York Times published its story on Thursday.
The Weinstein case comes after a string of high-profile cases of sexual harassment allegations against prominent men, including the late Fox News CEO Roger Ailes, former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly, Epic records boss L.A. Reid, and BetterWorks CEO Kris Duggan, among others. All the men have disputed claims against them.
Weinstein appeared contrite, issuing a statement that said, in part: “I appreciate the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain, and I sincerely apologize for it. Though I'm trying to do better, I know I have a long way to go.”
Later in the evening Thursday, Weinstein threatened to sue The New York Times and issued a rambling statement. The statement quoted Jay-Z lyrics and then launched into an attack on the National Rifle Association.
"I'm going to need a place to channel that anger so I've decided that I'm going to give the NRA my full attention," that statement said. "I hope Wayne LaPierre will enjoy his retirement party. I'm going to do it at the same place I had my Bar Mitzvah. I'm making a movie about our President, perhaps we can make it a joint retirement party. One year ago, I began organizing a $5 million foundation to give scholarships to women directors at USC. While this might seem coincidental, it has been in the works for a year. It will be named after my mom and I won't disappoint her.”
Actress Ashley Judd told the paper that she was asked to massage Weinstein and was invited to watch him shower. The article includes details of several other alleged instances of harassment over the course of several decades.
Judd is quoted in The Times as saying: “I said no, a lot of ways, a lot of times, and he always came back at me with some new ask. It was all this bargaining.”
Then Weinstein told The New York Post on Thursday evening, “This is a vendetta, and the next time I see [Times executive editor] Dean Baquet, it will be across a courtroom.”
The company is set to release several movies in the next few months, including “The Current War,” about Thomas Edison and George Westinghouse, starring Benedict Cumberbatch and Tom Holland.
Claire Atkinson reported from New York.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
The “Ambien defense” has been used by people trying to excuse themselves for violent crime, for driving under the influence and even for sexual assault. Actress Roseanne Barr took it into a whole new territory on Wednesday when she used the sleeping aid as an excuse for a racist tweet that got her popular ABC television show canceled.
Roseanne's Ambien defense got immediate blowback from Sanofi, which makes Ambien. “While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication,” the company tweeted from its official account.
Doctors active on social media weighed in, too.
“Dear @therealroseanne Ambien does not make you racist, being racist makes you racist,” tweeted Dr. Jennifer Gunter, an outspoken obstetrician/gynecologist who practices at the San Francisco Medical Center.
“To be fair, Ambien might disinhibit, letting the unspoken racism out to be expressed publicly,” answered Dr. David Gorski, a surgeon at the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute in Detroit.
Sleep specialists agree.
“Taking Ambien doesn't take care of sleep deprivation. So the combination of sleep deprivation and medication side effects might result in disinhibited or bizarre behavior," said Azizi Seixas, who studies sleep behavior at New York University.
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Authors: Olaf Weber, Professor of Sustainable Finance and Banking, University of Waterloo; Truzaar Dordi, PhD Candidate, Sustainable Finance, University of Waterloo, and Vasundhara Saravade, Masters Candidate in Environmental Finance and Sustainability Management, University of Waterloo
Recently, a number of institutional investors, including Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec in Canada and Norway's sovereign wealth fund, announced their intent to reduce their exposure in investments linked to fossil fuels.
The announcements show that investors withdraw their funds to either mitigate financial risks or for ethical reasons. But the question remains whether divestment and divestment announcements have a financial impact on the share price of fossil fuel companies.
We're a team of researchers at the School of Environment, Enterprise and Development (SEED) at the University of Waterloo. We recently conducted an analysis that suggests divestment announcements have a statistically significant negative impact on the price of fossil fuel shares. Our study aggregates the impact of more than 20 announcements across 200 publicly traded fossil fuel companies.
The results suggest that share prices dropped on the days that institutional investors announced they were divesting of fossil fuels.
We've concluded that investors, and the market as a whole, perceive divestment as integral to the long-term valuation of the fossil fuel industry. Lower share prices increase the costs of capital for the fossil fuel industry, which in turn decreases their ability to explore new resources and exploit proven resources.
And if the majority of proven reserves remains in the ground, we may be able to meet our climate change goals.
Reserves must stay grounded
The continued exploitation of fossil fuel reserves alone has the potential to increase greenhouse gases and global temperature well beyond the 2 C threshold required to prevent the worst effects of climate change.
To achieve the 2 C target, however, no more than one-fifth of the current proven fossil fuel reserves can be burned.
The necessity to keep the resources in the ground has a direct impact on the valuation of fossil fuel industry assets. They are predominantly influenced not only by production, but also by the value of proven fossil-fuel reserves. In other words, if these resources cannot be exploited, their value will depreciate.
A sudden depreciation would lead to a burst of the so-called carbon bubble, leaving fossil fuel investments stranded.
To avoid the risk of stranded assets, a number of influential private and institutional investors have pledged to reduce their fossil fuel investments or divest from the fossil fuel industry entirely.
Ethical motivations
Other investors are motivated to divest from fossil fuel shares for ethical reasons. They do not want to be part of an industry that is one of the main drivers of climate change.
To explore the financial impact of divestment announcements on the share price of fossil-fuel sector companies, we analyzed 24 divestment announcements, endorsements and campaign events between 2012 and 2015 (see the list below).
These events received a lot of media coverage, with stories appearing in publications that included the Financial Times and the Wall Street Journal.
Our sample of fossil fuel industry representatives included 200 coal, oil and gas firms listed in Carbon Underground 200, which identifies the top publicly traded companies with the highest potential greenhouse gas emissions based on their reserves.
A comparison of the share prices of fossil fuel shares and a global benchmark at the time of a divestment announcement suggests significant differences.
While the general benchmark — the MSCI All Country World Index (ACWI) — has not been affected by the announcements, the fossil fuel share prices decreased.
The results suggest that fossil fuel companies experienced statistically significant negative abnormal returns on the day of a divestment announcement, and in the days following the announcement. Furthermore, our findings demonstrate that more recent divestment announcements had a stronger impact on share prices than earlier such announcements, suggesting a snowball effect.
In May 2014, for example, Stanford University's divestment announcement resulted in a negative abnormal return of .009 per cent in the ensuing 10 days for companies listed on the Carbon Underground 200.
A few months later, in September 2014, the Rockefeller Foundation divestment announcement resulted in a negative abnormal return of -.22 per cent over the following 10 days. And two months after that, the divestment announcement by the Norwegian sovereign wealth fund resulted in -.24 percent for the shares of the companies listed on the Carbon Underground 200.
Markets respond
It seems financial markets are increasingly aware of the importance of divestment.
Divestment announcements by prominent investors signal financial risks to the market, which in turn depress share prices. Therefore, divestment announcements can have a measurable impact on the fossil fuel industry.
The market response to divestment can be either direct or indirect. Market players might directly perceive the announcements of big institutional investors as signalling an increased financial risk to the divested industry. If big market players announce that they divest, others follow.
Alternatively, divestment announcements might have an indirect impact on the reputation of fossil fuel companies. Tarnished reputations weaken confidence and trust in the long-term value of these shares and decreases their price.
Whether the impact is direct or indirect, decreasing share prices make acquiring financial capital more expensive for the fossil fuel industry.
This in turn lowers their ability to explore new resources, exploit proven reserves and secure long-term growth. In other words, lowering fossil fuel industry share prices via divestment can lead to lower productive capacity — and, consequently, to lower greenhouse gas emissions.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/how-divesting-of-fossil-fuels-could-help https://theconversatio
MIAMI — James Johnson scored a career-high 31 points, Kelly Olynyk added 30 off the bench and the Miami Heat set a franchise single-game scoring record by beating the Denver Nuggets 149-141 in double overtime Monday night.
Miami's total was also an NBA season-high and helped the Heat get back to the No. 7 spot in the Eastern Conference standings. Houston and Oklahoma City each scored 148 in games earlier this season.
Wayne Ellington scored 29 points for the Heat. Nikola Jokic had 34 for Denver, while Wilson Chandler added 26 for the Nuggets.
Neither team was at full strength. For Miami, Dwyane Wade (left hamstring strain) missed his fourth consecutive game, and Hassan Whiteside (left hip pain) sat out his fifth straight contest. Denver was without leading scorer Gary Harris, sidelined again by a strained right knee that could keep him out several more days.
Denver led 16-5 after 3 1/2 minutes, and that was the only double-digit lead by either side for about the next three hours. It was airtight until the very final moments.
CAVALIERS 124, BUCKS 117
CLEVELAND (AP) — LeBron James scored 40 points as part of his third triple-double in four games and Cleveland beat Milwaukee as coach Tyronn Lue began his leave of absence to address health issues.
Lue said Monday in a statement he has been dealing with chest pains and loss of sleep, and that tests have offered no conclusion about what the issue is. Associate head coach Larry Drew will run the team in Lue's absence.
James scored 17 points in the third quarter and finished with 12 rebounds and 10 assists for his 16th triple-double this season and 71st of his career.
The four-time MVP took over in the third beginning with back-to-back 3-pointers. After not getting a foul called on a third attempt, he finished Cleveland's next possession with a massive dunk. He was fouled attempting another dunk and made both free throws the following time down.
76ERS 108, HORNETS 104
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Joel Embiid had 25 points and 19 rebounds and Ben Simmons had a triple-double to lead Philadelphia over Charlotte.
Simmons had 11 points, 12 rebounds and 15 assists to help the Sixers keep alive their shot at finishing fourth in the Eastern Conference and earning home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs.
The 76ers have one of the easiest schedules of any team the rest of the season. The Sixers would have to pass Washington and Indiana to grab the No. 4 seed and stave off a potential Toronto or Boston matchup for at least a round.
The Hornets missed 17 of 21 shots in the third (1 of 5 on 3s) to crush their chances of stretching a seven-point halftime lead.
PACERS 110, LAKERS 100
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Victor Oladipo sparked a decisive run and finished with 20 points, Myles Turner had 21 points and Indiana recovered from a poor start for a victory over Los Angeles.
The victory snapped Indiana's two-game losing streak.
Los Angeles was led by Kyle Kuzma with 27 points and Brook Lopez with 23, but the Lakers still lost their third straight.
Oladipo and Darren Collison got Indiana going with back-to-back 3-pointers midway through the third quarter for a 77-70 lead.
KNICKS 110, BULLS 92
NEW YORK (AP) — Tim Hardaway Jr. scored 22 points and Michael Beasley added 17 as New York beat Chicago.
Enes Kanter had 10 points and 13 rebounds, while Troy Williams added 11 for the Knicks.
Cristiano Felicio scored a career-high 17 points for the Bulls, who were missing their top three scorers and went 3-for-30 from 3-point range. Bobby Portis and Antonio Blakeney scored 16 points apiece.
NETS 118, GRIZZLIES 115
NEW YORK (AP) — Allen Crabbe and Caris LeVert each scored 22 points and Brooklyn beat Memphis.
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson had 16 points and 12 rebounds, and DeMarre Carroll scored 18 points for the Nets, who have two straight wins for the first time since Jan. 19-21.
Andrew Harrison, who missed Memphis' last nine games due to a right wrist injury, scored 19 points, and Brionte Webber had a career-high 15. The Grizzlies have lost 20 of 21.
——
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Saskatoon police say they have charged a suspect with second-degree murder in the death of a man who was shot after confronting someone urinating on his fence.
Tyler Applegate, who was 27, died last August in hospital a few weeks after he was shot.
Police say they arrested and charged a male suspect on Wednesday.
His name and age were not been released.
Three other suspects — two males and a female — have previously been charged with manslaughter in the case.
Their names and ages have also not been released.
Trump talks to reporters as he and his wife, Melania Trump, arrive for a New Year's Eve celebration at Mar-a-Lago. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
Joe Scarborough is furious with journalists covering President-elect Donald Trump for how they characterized the appearance of both the “Morning Joe” host and his MSNBC co-host, Mika Brzezinski, at Trump's New Year's Eve party at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla., on Saturday night.
On Sunday and Monday, Scarborough sent a flurry of tweets blasting several reporters, taking particular exception to the suggestion that he had “partied” with Trump. Scarborough insisted he was simply there trying to land an inauguration interview.
The brouhaha emerged after Maggie Haberman, a reporter for the New York Times, noted that Scarborough and Brzezinski were among the high-profile guests at Trump's “Gatsby-like” soiree. Though Scarborough disputed the accuracy of the report, the Times story had simply and accurately noted his attendance at the event.
An attendee sent over some pics from Mar-a-Lago NYE party pic.twitter.com/ffirKa4Twr — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) January 2, 2017
Scarborough fired off in a series of tweets accusing the Times of “lying about us.”
1. I "partied" last night by watching Groundhog Day and Ghostbusters with my kids. Then watched the Mariah Carey dumpster fire. — Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) January 1, 2017
2. Around 7pm, I had a preset meeting with PEOTUS before his party trying to set up an interview (much like reporters at CBS & NYT do. — Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) January 1, 2017
3. The event was black tie. Both Mika and I were in casual clothes, did not attend the party, and left before any "partying" began. — Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) January 1, 2017
4. Nothing that Mika and I did in setting up this meeting was any different than what all good reporters and news hosts try to do daily. — Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) January 1, 2017
5. Anyone suggesting otherwise is a hypocrite who ignores what great journalists from Ben Bradlee to Tom Brokaw have done for years. — Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) January 1, 2017
6. I hope we get the interview. — Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) January 1, 2017
7. Stop lying about us. — Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) January 1, 2017
8. Happy New Year???? — Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) January 1, 2017
Scarborough sparred with Haberman:
@JoeNBC You're in a photo standing among revelers. I'm not sure what's inaccurate. I also didn't and don't think it's a big deal. — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) January 2, 2017
Pick. Up. The. Phone. And. Ask.
I'm went where the USSS directed me to the foot of the stairs. I'm standing with the PEOTUS going upstairs. https://t.co/KTD4BpcZdo — Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) January 2, 2017
But the MSNBC host was particularly irked by Sopan Deb, a CBS News staffer who will soon join Haberman at the Times.
Morning Joe's hosts partied with Trump last night at Mar-a-Lago. Last year, Trump publicly thanked them for support. https://t.co/gLHtsOloph pic.twitter.com/6znKSoNf67 — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) January 1, 2017
“Last year I said Trump's campaign was racist, xenophobic and disqualifying,” Scarborough wrote. “Partied? Not even close.”
Last year I said Trump's campaign was racist, xenophobic and disqualifying. But be snide while making facts up. Partied? Not even close. https://t.co/mCe0EYghRB — Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) January 1, 2017
“I imagine you repeated that last night at Mar-a-Lago, @JoeNBC,” Deb replied. “Before the ball dropped, maybe even.”
I imagine you repeated that last night at Mar-a-Lago, @JoeNBC. Before the ball dropped, maybe even. https://t.co/xpiRV0JQKz — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) January 1, 2017
During the presidential campaign, the “Morning Joe” hosts initially clashed with Trump before finding common ground with the president-elect.
As their Twitter feud escalated Monday, Scarborough accused Deb of creating “fake news.”
“Note to NYT Editors,” Scarborough wrote. “This is Day 2 your future employee sends out misleading tweets. Today, [it's] worse [because] he knows the facts but continues.”
He added: “I'm just not spending another year being lied about over objectively verifiable facts.”
This sure looks like an ideal location to have a journalistic meeting about an interview on NYE, @JoeNBC. Look forward to seeing the result. https://t.co/Ij892g7k5Y — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) January 2, 2017
VIDEO: Zafi B – See My Baby ft. Maleek Berry
Whilst juggling her university studies in Broadcast Media and working on her debut EP, the pint-sized teenage songstress Zafi B returns with a brand-new video for her summer anthem ‘See My Baby' which features prolific producer and singer-songwriter Maleek Berry (Wizkid, Davido, Runtown).
Filmed in the heart of an abandoned London record store with 80's aesthetics, ‘See My Baby', which is directed by Kunia Lester (Woody McClain, JoJoe Vine), sees Zafi B embracing her new lane and sound that reflects the current trend of persuasive Afropop music that cuts across genres, while borrowing elements of R&B.
A timely release of ‘See My Baby' featuring Maleek Berry will see this club and radio-friendly track by the young star score high with DJs across Africa and the UK throughout the summer of 2017!
The post VIDEO: Zafi B – See My Baby ft. Maleek Berry appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A good smoke detector is an absolute necessity in any dwelling. It's your first defense against things like fire-related hazards, or in case someone forgets to turn off the oven, you leave food burning on the stove, or a machine malfunctions. Luckily, most smoke detectors are affordable and easy to install, although some more costly models come with extra security features. Whatever your budget or need, there's a smoke detector out there that will fit your home. We've done the research and rounded up the best smoke detectors on the market. And don't forget to ensure all the alarms in your house are equipped with batteries, an action that any viewer of NBC's show This Is Us will agree with.
First Alert BRK 3120B Hardwire Dual Photoelectric and Ionization Sensor Smoke Alarm ($29)
This smoke detector by First Alert has the advantage of being a dual-sensor alarm. That means it uses both photoelectric and ionization sensors to detect smoldering and fast-burning fires. It also comes hardwired with battery backup in case of power outages and has an 85-decibel alarm that's guaranteed to wake you up. Plus, if you have a big house, you can even sync this detector with other units in the house so that if one alarm sounds, the rest will, too. The device also comes with latching features, which will help you easily identify which unit is low on battery or which one went off first.
Buy one now from:
Amazon
Kidde Battery-Operated Combination Smoke/Carbon Monoxide Alarm with Voice Warning ($32)
Want your smoke detector and carbon monoxide alarm to be combined? This Kidde unit makes things easy by melding two devices into one. The unit also features verbal warnings rather than siren sounds when the unit detects something is off, and the voice will let you know whether it detects smoke or carbon monoxide. Many users may find that the verbal warning wakes them up more easily at night, which is crucial in case of a real emergency. The device also conveniently comes with a “hush” mode, allowing the alarm to easily be silenced in the scenario of a false alarm.
Buy one now from:
Amazon
Kidde i4618AC Firex Hardwired Smoke Alarm with Battery Backup ($14)
If value is what you're after, this smoke detector gives you the best bang for your buck. This no-frills, user-friendly model by Kidde is a hardwired alarm that uses ionization sensors to detect smoke and fire. The battery backup ensures the unit will keep functioning properly in the event of a power outage, and each unit can be synced up with other units around the house. In the event of a false alarm, you can manually quiet the alarm for up to eight minutes. A visible low battery indicator also helps you detect which alarm is the one that's beeping.
Buy one now from:
Amazon
Nest Protect Smoke and Carbon Monoxide Alarm ($119)
For a high-end smoke detector that will not only protect your home but also give you tons of extra convenient features, try out the Nest Protect. The alarm is equipped with Wi-Fi connectivity, so users will receive notifications on their smartphones about a triggered alarm or a low battery alert even if they're out of the house. This unit utilizes both photoelectric and ionization technology, and you can choose to buy either a hard-wired or battery-operated version. Other interesting features are a motion-activated LED nightlight and voice alerts that can be silenced before a 85-decibel alarm sounds. To top it off, the Nest Protect doubles as a carbon monoxide detector, so you only need to get the one device to cover both needs.
Buy one now from:
Amazon
First Alert SMOKE1000 Atom Micro Photoelectric Smoke Detector ($25)
Don't like the look of smoke detectors but know they're necessary for the safety of your home? This version by First Alert is at least 60 percent smaller than traditional smoke detectors, boasting a diameter of just two inches. These devices come in three finishes — white, antique copper, and cherry wood — so you can pick out the one that goes best with your interior design. This smoke detector also features a single-button test as well as a flashing LED when an alarm goes off. Plus, it utilizes a Smart clip system to ensure the device can't be mounted until the battery is installed.
Buy one now from:
Amazon
FREDERICTON — Bell Canada is locating a national call centre in Fredericton that's expected to create up to 150 jobs over the next five years.
Premier Brian Gallant says it's great news that will help strengthen New Brunswick's information technology sector and the economy.
Bell Canada will be eligible for up to $3.6 million from the province in the form of payroll rebates once the jobs are created and maintained for at least a year.
Bell also announced it is investing $100,000 in the Canadian Institute for Cybersecurity at the University of New Brunswick.
Bell currently employs more than 1,500 across New Brunswick.
Unai Emery has suggested Paris Saint-Germain may allow Jese Rodriguez to leave the club, amid reports he could sign for hometown club Las Palmas.
Former Real Madrid forward Jese joined the French champions for a reported €25million and signed a five-year deal in August, but has barely featured in Emery's plans.
The 23-year-old has only started one Ligue 1 match, making an additional eight substitute appearances and scoring one goal.
As well as Las Palmas, Jese has been linked with Liverpool and Roma, and Emery is aware the switch to PSG has not worked out so far as he ponders his next move.
"Jese needs to play. When he has played I have been pleased because he has worked well and is involved with the team," Emery told Marca.
"Yet it is difficult for him to get the continual playing time that gives him confidence.
"So we have spoken about, and we will analyse after the break, the possibilities that are best for the team and best for him, keeping in mind what will help him meet his expectations as a footballer."
PSG's signing of Julian Draxler has further decreased Jese's chances of regular first-team football and, speaking last month, chief executive officer Nasser Al-Khelaifi indicated a willingness to allow him to leave.
Al-Khelafi told Le Parisien: "Emery told me something very true that has also always been part of my thinking.
"He said, 'When a mistake is made, it is better to try to fix it than to try to live with it'.
"So, if we have made mistakes, we will try to correct them. The door is not closed."
Boys, who have an X and a Y, only have the mutated gene, which generally results in their death either in utero or shortly after they are born. There is currently no treatment or cure.
Henry has Rett syndrome, which is extremely rare in boys. Courtesy Richard Engel
Engel's son, Henry, is alive because his mutation isn't severe enough to kill him, although it has affected the toddler's cognitive and motor skills. The protein produced by his cells is somewhat functional, albeit at lower levels than optimal.
“In Henry's case, it doesn't totally inactivate the protein,” said Dr. Huda Zoghbi, one of Henry's doctors and the discoverer of the gene for Rett. “But it's not functioning fully and not at 100 percent at normal level.”
Engel and his wife, Mary Forrest, knew early on that something wasn't right with their son, Henry. Even as the boy approached the second year of his life, he couldn't talk or clap his hands. He also couldn't walk or even sit up straight, Engel told TODAY on Tuesday.
“It was a mystery and we thought, ‘Okay, well, there are late bloomers,'” Engel said.
Children who have Rett syndrome develop normally at first but they start to show a variety of neurological problems during the first year. Courtesy Richard Engel
The MeCP2 protein, it turns out, is very important for building connections in the brain, said Dr. Jeffrey Neul, a Rett specialist and a professor of pediatrics and director of the Vanderbilt Kennedy Center at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center. “This gene works inside the nucleus — the control center — of the cell,” Neul said. “It's controlling what other genes and proteins are made within the cell in response to stimuli.”
Without enough functional protein, the brain can't cement connections that are built when a person acquires new abilities, such as walking and talking.
There may be a potential for actually making things better or even significantly reversing the disease. Now the challenge is figuring out how you do that. There may be a potential for actually making things better or even significantly reversing the disease. Now the challenge is figuring out how you do that.
Henry has offered researchers a window on the disease and made it easier to study because every single cell in his body has the mutated gene, said Zoghbi, an investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and a professor and director of the Texas Children's Duncan Neurological Research Institute at Baylor College of Medicine.
Fortunately, the disease doesn't kill brain cells. So if a way can be found to boost levels of the protein or correct the actual gene, people with the disease would be able to start learning everything they couldn't before treatment. And this might result in a complete cure, especially in children.
Dr. Huda Zoghbi https://t.co/gr65xO8GSk and her team discovered the origin of RETT Syndrome, now with Henry's help she wants to beat it. Go Huda! pic.twitter.com/FAGo1CrrVP — Richard Engel (@RichardEngel) January 30, 2018
The most promising evidence for that comes from animal studies, Neul said. Using a mouse model that allowed the gene to be turned off and on, researchers showed that when the gene wasn't working, the mice developed Rett-like symptoms. When the gene was turned back on, the mice got better, Neul said.
“That told us where to go,” he added. “And that there may be a potential for actually making things better or even significantly reversing the disease. Now the challenge is figuring out how you do that. That initial work gave us a lot of hope.”
Researchers are using Henry's cells with hopes of finding a key to treatment. Courtesy Richard Engel
Some groups are working on a treatment that would help girls, by turning on the working copy of the gene in cells currently running with the dysfunctional one, said neurologist Dr. David Lieberman, director of the Rett Clinic at Harvard Medical School's Boston Children's Hospital. Another group is looking at the possibility of using gene therapy to deliver normal copies of the gene to cells in the brain, Lieberman said.
“There's one caveat with gene therapy,” Lieberman said. “There exists another disorder, described first by Huda Zoghbi, if there are too many copies of the MeCP2 gene. So you have to be able to adjust the protein level so there's enough, but not too much.”
While a cure isn't likely to happen soon, “I think we're on the right path,” Zoghbi said. “I think the technology, and the genetic approaches, and everything that's available, empowers us. It's hard to say we're close. We're just starting. We have to do the work.”
Linda Carroll is a regular contributor to NBCNews.com and TODAY.com
‘Frankly, This Has No Impact': Mattis on Flynn Resignation
Speaking to reporters on his way to a NATO meeting in Belgium, Defense Secretary Mattis said he will work with whoever is on the president's staff.
Zimbabwe To Settle Foreign Lenders With $3.5 bn Sovereign Bond – Minister – The Tide
The Tide Zimbabwe To Settle Foreign Lenders With $3.5 bn Sovereign Bond – Minister
The Tide
Zimbabwe is considering issuing between 2.5 billion dollars and 3.5 billion dollars in sovereign bonds and use some of the money to clear arrears to foreign lenders, Deputy Finance Minister Terrence Mukupe has said. Mukupe said in Harare on Tuesday …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
“Just because they say something doesn't make it true,” Chalpin added. “It's what I call Yankee Envy.”
Attendance figures this season support such boastfulness. The Mets are averaging crowds of 31,849, a figure that ranks 11th in the majors, but one that is bound to decrease as the club slogs through more than a dozen largely meaningless home games in September. In 2016, the Mets stood ninth at 34,870, having made steady progress over the course of four seasons while approaching the 38,941 average they enjoyed when Citi Field first opened in 2009.
Meanwhile, the Yankees have reversed a slow decline since 2010, their peak season at the new stadium. That year, as defending World Series champions, they averaged 46,491 fans. By 2016, the Yanks had slipped to sixth in attendance over all, at 37,819. This year, according to ESPN.com figures, they are averaging 40,462 fans through 54 games. And that number could rise as playoff possibilities drive ticket sales down the stretch.
Last year, the attendance gap between the Yanks and the Mets was less than 3,000 fans per game. This season, that difference has nearly tripled — to 8,000 fans a game, and trending upward.
Even a brief TV ratings bubble has burst. Last season, the Mets also outdrew the Yankees on television for the first time. According to SNY, the Mets' cable host, Mets games averaged nearly 264,000 viewers in 2016, compared with 218,000 for the Yankees. But that trend, too, has been reversed; in June, Nielsen reported a 50 percent increase in Yankee viewership over the first two months of this season.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
There are several factors in the Yankees' revival and the Mets' slump. The early-season emergence of Aaron Judge as a Ruthian figure gave the Yankees one of the best marketing tools in recent memory. When the team was able to complement him with young players like Gary Sanchez and Luis Severino, it quickly altered the overall image of the franchise.
The Mets are belatedly attempting to remake themselves in a similar way, with the top prospects Amed Rosario and Dominic Smith now added to the lineup. A true face-lift will be daunting, though; that elite starting rotation has completely fallen apart through injuries, and the Mets essentially have been out of both the National League East and wild card races since the end of May.
Judge has allowed the Yankees to segue from the departure of Derek Jeter in 2014, while the Mets have yet to find a popular replacement for David Wright. Both clubs have had more than their share of injuries, but the Mets have become something of a sad cartoon in that regard. Yoenis Cespedes, in particular, has been in and out of the lineup frequently this season and last.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Nevertheless, the Mets might be able to inflict some real damage on their cross-borough rivals this week. In 2013, the Mets swept four games from the Yankees that blunted the Bombers' 30-18 start and were at least partly responsible for dooming a promising Yankees season. This week, they are positioned to deal a blow to any playoff hopes in the Bronx.
This has been an enervating week for the Yankees, who are facing the Red Sox and the Mets (and then the Red Sox again) in successive series. Even though the rivalries are not as raw as they once were, just the sight of the uniforms still evokes a certain sense of urgency.
“We're usually not in a rivalry week for 10 days,” Yankees Manager Joe Girardi said. “But somehow we found a way to do it this year.”
There was a time when George Steinbrenner would consider every game against the Mets a border war of top priority. His absence has eliminated certain organizational imperatives, and last week Girardi and his players said they still consider Boston the greater rival.
“When George was around, he might have been more vocal, but we understand the importance,” Girardi said of games against the Mets. “For us, in the standings, it's important. There will be a ton of excitement in both stadiums.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester FC remain in relegation danger after throwing away a 2-1 lead inside the final seven minutes to eventually lose 3-2 to fellow strugglers Woking.
The Blues bossed the game for long periods and lead inside the final 10 minutes after Liam Davies and Elliott Durrell had put them in the driving seat after Brian Saah had handed Woking the lead on 53 minutes.
But Terell Thomas struck on 85 minutes to level before Gozie Ugwu fired home a 90th-minute penalty after Luke George, who had played a fine game before this mistake, was deemed to have handled in the area.
But Chester's inability to see out a game from a position of strength was all too evident again and they remain on shaky ground going into the final two game of the season.
Both sides came into the game needing to maximum points to help stave off the threat of relegation from the National League, although the position of Garry Hill's men was far more precarious.
It had been four months since Chester last won a game at the Lookers Vauxhall Stadium, a 2-0 victory over Aldershot Town that lifted them as high as seventh in the table following a tremendous run of just one defeat in 17 games.
Since then, though, Chester had been in freefall. The Blues had gleaned just 13 points from a possible 51 in the 17 games before the visit of the Cards and the mood among the home faithful had turned on its head from those heady December days, with the limp 2-0 Good Friday loss at Forest Green Rovers doing little to bring any cheer.
Ryan Lloyd and Tom Shaw returned to the starting line up after missing the loss at the New Lawn while there was another appearance on the bench for James Akintunde, who made a return to action in Gloucestershire after six months on the sidelines.
Chester started the contest slugglishly and almost found themselves a goal down within three minutes when a deep Woking corner fell at the feet of Joey Jones whose effort was cleared by Elliott Durrell as far as Ugwu who saw his goal-bound header nodded off the line by Theo Vassell.
Chester were struggling to find any kind of rhythm and looked nervy while their visitors looked hungry to take the contest to the out-of-sorts Blues.
Liam Davies, handed his first home start after making his debut for the club on Friday, was struggling in an unfamiliar wing back role and Jake Caprice had the best of him on more than one occasion as Woking found inroads in the Blues backline.
Alex Lynch had to be alert to save from Caprice after he skipped past Davies before Delano Sam-Yorke committed one of the worst misses of the season.
Lloyd played a horrible back pass to Lynch on 15 minutes that was picked off by the big Cards striker who rounded the stranded Chester keeper before firing into the side netting with the goal at his mercy.
Durrell saw a long-range effort easily saved by Michael Poke while Sam Hughes nodded a corner just over as Chester looked to get something going from what was a pretty turgid first 30 minutes for the home side.
But the home side did raise their game for the final 15 minutes of the half.
Lloyd fired a 30-yarder just over before Ryan Astles produced a marauding run with the ball from defence into the Woking half, laying the ball off to Lloyd before connecting with the midfielder's cross, but Poke was equal to it.
Durrell then saw a fierce 25-yard effort beaten away by Poke before the Cards keeper bravely denied James Alabi one-on-one after he had been played in by a fine through ball from Astles.
The Blues continued in a more positive fashion after the break but found themselves a goal down seven minutes after restart when a free kick from the left was whipped in by Jones but Hughes was unable to clear and Saah was on hand to fire home the opener from 12 yards.
But Chester didn't sulk and they were level two minutes later when Wade Joyce found space on the right and crossed superbly to the far post where Davies rose highest to powerfully head home for a goal on his home debut.
The goal lifted Chester and they played with more urgency, moving the ball around with far more purpose than they have had at home in recent months, but they found that their lack of incision in the final third remained and they were struggling to make their spell of dominance count.
But with eight minutes left Chester finally hit the front when substitute James Akintunde, in his first home appearance for six months after injury, broke into the area and caused panic with the ball falling to Shaw who scuffed it into the path of Durrell who made no mistake from 10 yards.
But the home win that has eluded Chester for 2017 was to remain just that, elusive.
The Cards levelled with five minutes left when Keiran Murtagh played in Thomas in acres of space in the area and his poorly struck, bobbled effort crept past Lynch from 12 yards.
And there was more drama to come.
A Woking corner was deemed to have been handled by George and referee Steven Rushton had no hesitation in pointing to the spot and Ugwu did the rest from the spot, finding the bottom left corner despite a hand from Lynch.
Chester couldn't muster a response and remain in some danger heading into the final two games of the season. Rough justice but you make your own luck.
MATCH FILE
Chester: Lynch, George, Astles, Vassell, Hughes, Durrell, Shaw, Lloyd, Joyce (Akintunde 74), Davies, Alabi. Subs: Roberts, Hunt, Waters, Dawson.
Bookings:
Goals: Davies 55, Durrell 82.
Woking: Poke, Caprice (84), Thomas, Jones, Saah, Murtagh, Ugwu, Ralph, Saraiva (Kretzschmar 71), Sam-Yorke (Lucas 65), Ferdinand. Subs: B Hall, Lewis.
Bookings:
Goals: Saah 53, Thomas 85, Ugwiu 90 (pen).
Referee: Steven Rushton.
Attendance: 1,770.
Star man: Luke George.
Lawrence Thomas is no longer a secret weapon for the New York Jets.
The big defensive lineman has also been used through the first few weeks of the season as a fullback, and even had a 15-yard reception against Miami two weeks ago. Thomas performed so well in the role that the Jets made the move more than just a wrinkle in the offence by changing his jersey number from 97 to 44.
“It feels good that I'm over there with the offence now,” Thomas said. “I can just help them and create more plays and make more plays. I'm glad I got a number change, too, because I had to keep reporting to the referee every time I checked in.”
The in-game announcements of “No. 97 is reporting as eligible” increased to the point that coach Todd Bowles and his staff decided they might as well make it official.
“He's going to line up at fullback, but he'll play defence in emergencies,” Bowles said.
Thomas last played the position on a regular basis during his freshman season at Michigan State in 2012, when he blocked for future All-Pro Le'Veon Bell. Thomas also caught seven passes for 78 yards for the Spartans before switching exclusively to defensive line.
“It's like coming full circle, for sure,” he said. “I'm just kind of re-tuning all of my skills and going back to what I did through Little League and high school and college.”
The Jets had no fullback officially listed on the roster when they started tinkering a few weeks ago with using the 6-foot-3, 286-pound Thomas in the backfield. He impressed the coaching staff and has been a big part of the team's success on the ground, including helping New York run for 256 yards last Sunday against Jacksonville.
Thomas, who also plays on special teams, said his approach to blocking is the same as it is for when he needs to tackle an opponent.
“I'm just trying to hit the dude,” he said with a big smile. “I'm trying to make him feel me, so I can clear the hole for the running backs so they have a clear lane.”
——
GROWING UP: Raiders punter Marquette King once again found himself on the wrong side of a personal foul penalty. King got called for his fourth personal foul in the past two seasons when he threw a ball at Denver's Andy Janovich after getting stopped on a fake punt last week against the Broncos.
King was called for one horse-collar tackle and two unsportsmanlike conduct penalties last season. No other punter has had a personal foul enforced against his team the past two years.
“It's a matter of being mature enough to put the team ahead of yourself and being able to handle those emotions when you're disappointed,” coach Jack Del Rio said. “Sometimes you're disappointed and you want to lash out because it maybe makes you feel good for about three seconds. Then you deal with the consequences. Those weren't good consequences.”
The Raiders have put up with these antics from King, who is also known to dance on the field after pinning opponents deep with a punt, because he is so good with his leg. King leads the league with a 52.6-yard gross average, as well as a 47.5-yard net average. Both are on pace to set records, breaking the marks of 51.4 yards gross by Sammy Baugh in 1940 and 46 yards net by the Rams' Johnny Hekker last year.
—-
HAVING HIS CAKE: Martellus Bennett always has a way with words. This week's entertaining analogy from the Green Bay Packers' tight end had to do with baking cakes.
Yes, cakes.
Bennett was answering a question on when during his career did his focus shift from individual statistics to winning championships. Apparently, the victory in the Super Bowl during his one year in New England was the piece de resistance.
“Once you taste that championship cake, and you figure out what it takes, you just want to taste that again,” Bennett said. “Individual cake is all good, a cake that you bake yourself is always going to be all right.
“But when the team, when a lot of people are involved in the cooking process of baking the cake, it just seems to taste better,” he continued, “because of the joy that we're seeing from multiple people, multiple hands on the pie.”
Bennett is off to a decent start with 17 catches for 141 yards, though he has yet to find the end zone. Blocking has also been more of a priority than usual of late with injuries along the Packers' offensive line.
——
WEARY Travellers: By the time the Ravens return from Oakland on Sunday night, they will have travelled more than 24,000 miles across nine times zones.
Baltimore made its first trip to London on Sept. 24, stayed home last week and left for a cross-country trip on Friday. It's all part of the job, and the Ravens aren't blaming time on the airplane for their two-game skid on the field.
“You don't think too much about it when you're a player. You just go out there and play,” quarterback Joe Flacco said.
Going out west is one thing. Crossing the Atlantic Ocean for a football game is another. After the Ravens got beat by Jacksonville 44-7 in London, coach John Harbaugh said he had no intention of going back.
“I'm not planning on having that conundrum again for a while,” he said earlier this week. “We'll see how that goes, but I think teams going out there have had their issues, for sure, and then even coming back.”
In its first game back, Baltimore looked listless in a 26-9 loss to Pittsburgh last Sunday.
——
FUN WITH NUMBERS: The Seattle Seahawks are on a unique run in NFL history.
One time in each of Pete Carroll's eight seasons in Seattle, the Seahawks have won a game with a final score that has never happened before in NFL history. The latest came last Sunday when the Seahawks beat the Colts 46-18, the first 46-18 game in league history.
The fact the Seahawks run of unique final scores has reached eight seasons is likely more remarkable than some of the strange scores they have been a part of.
“This is a significant stat. … I think that's freaking awesome,” Carroll said. “Isn't that cool? How does that happen? It could happen once or twice, but it's happened eight years in a row. I don't know if that's happened before. I love that.”
The other games: 2010 vs. Cardinals (36-18); 2011 vs. Giants (36-25); 2012 vs. Cardinals (58-0); 2013 vs. Broncos in Super Bowl (43-8); 2014 vs. Packers (36-16); 2015 vs. Steelers (39-30); and 2016 vs. 49ers (37-18).
——
IGNORING TRASH TALK: Eagles right tackle Lane Johnson is getting used to hearing opponents take shots at him for serving a 10-game suspension last year for violating the NFL's policy on performance-enhancing supplements. Johnson says Chargers defensive tackle Damion Square, a former teammate in 2013, called him “Roid Boy” when they met last Sunday.
“When we got on the field, we settled it,” Johnson said. “He was joking and having fun, but it was still the kind of stuff that will kind of make you mad.”
Johnson, the fourth overall pick in the 2013 draft, is a vital part of Philadelphia's offensive line. The Eagles were 5-1 with him last season, 2-8 without. They're 3-1 this season.
“I think I help this team,” Johnson said. “I'm not trying to be arrogant. I think when I'm in there, I definitely help this team out.”
——
AP Pro Football Writers Barry Wilner, Rob Maaddi and Josh Dubow, and Sports Writers David Ginsburg, Tim Booth, Dennis Waszak Jr., and Genaro C. Armas contributed.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
FILE - In this Aug. 19, 2017, file photo, Detroit Lions tight end Darren Fells lines up against the New York Jets during a preseason NFL football game in Detroit. The Lions signed Fells in March and he's developing into a two-way tight end. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya, File)
DETROIT (AP) — Darren Fells dreamed of being in the NFL while he was playing professional hoops overseas.
Instead of sticking with basketball as a profession and collecting a steady six-figure salary for a sixth season, Fells decided to take a shot at playing football.
Seattle gave him his first opportunity to change sports in 2013, working him out initially as a defensive end before inviting him to training camp as a tight end. The Seahawks signed and cut him twice that year and he ended up spending a season on Arizona's practice squad before making his NFL debut with the Cardinals in 2014.
After he spent three seasons in Arizona, usually relegated to blocking, the Detroit Lions signed him in March. He was expected to block most of the time for the Lions, but he matched a career high with four receptions in last week's win at Minnesota.
"Every day, I pinch myself when I walk in here," Fells said softly, standing in Detroit's locker room. "It is still a dream."
Fells may not be a star for the Lions (3-1) when they host the Carolina Panthers (3-1) on Sunday, but he might have the best backstory of anyone on the turf at Ford Field.
He resumed his football career five years ago after it was dormant for a decade. After being a standout tight end and defensive end at Fullerton High School in California, he ignored advice and chose to play basketball at UC Irvine instead of football at a larger college.
"Straight out of high school, everybody told me I should've played football over basketball," Fells recalled. "After senior year in college, I got a call from my head coach and he told me Minnesota wanted to give me a tryout. I'm thinking, 'Timberwolves?' He said, 'No, Vikings.' I said, 'They do know I play basketball, right? That's weird.'
"I had a tryout and they wanted to have me come to training camp, but I had a guaranteed contract from five countries to play basketball and make about $100,000 with the team paying taxes, an apartment, a car and some food."
Fells played basketball for two years in Belgium and went on to spend time in Finland, France, Mexico and Argentina.
While there are and have been college basketball players such as San Diego tight end Antonio Gates and former NFL star Tony Gonzalez, and track stars, including former NFL receiver Willie Gault, to make a leap to the league, it's seems unlikely another athlete paved the way for Fells' path.
"I can't think of anyone that has done it like him," said former Dallas Cowboys general manager Gil Brandt, who has six-plus decades of experience in and around the NFL.
TALKING POINTS
Carolina has given up the ball five more times than it has forced turnovers, ranking ahead of only Chicago in the NFL in that key statistic. Newton has thrown five interceptions, three in a 21-point loss to New Orleans, to account for most of the Panthers' seven turnovers. Carolina's defense is No. 4 in yards allowed, but has forced just two turnovers to rank ahead of only Miami. The Lions, meanwhile, lead the league in forcing nine more turnovers than they have given up.
The Lions have seen plenty of Julius Peppers over the years, most recently in Green Bay and Chicago. Now, he's back in Carolina and the 37-year-old defensive end doesn't seem to be slowing down. He had his second two-sack game of the season in New England.
"I can't get away from that guy," Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford said. "He looks like the Julius Peppers I've played against my entire career."
Carolina lost starting safety Kurt Coleman for a month to a knee injury against the Patriots. They signed three-time Pro Bowl safety Jairus Byrd to add depth, giving them another experienced player in the secondary to go along with 36-year-old safety Mike Adams. It's unclear if Byrd will be ready to start or if the Panthers will stick with rookie Demetrious Cox, who replaced Coleman during last week's game.
The Panthers won't have to face rookie receiver Kenny Golladay, who was held out of practice all week with a hamstring injury and will miss a second straight game.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — Fox and the NFL have agreed to a five-year deal for Thursday night football games.
Those games previously were televised by CBS and NBC, two of the league's other network partners. But Fox announced Wednesday that it will televise 11 games between Weeks 4 and 15, with simulcasts on NFL Network and Fox Deportes.
Fox, which has the Sunday afternoon NFC package, will produce all of the games.
"This is a single partner deal, we are not splitting the package," NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said. "We had tremendous amount of interest from all the broadcast partners, all of whom wanted it exclusively. We felt this was the best opportunity for the NFL to grow the Thursday night package."
Goodell added the league is exploring partnerships with digital outlets, also in conjunction with Fox.
Philadelphia Eagles' Corey Graham celebrates after intercepting a pass during the second half of their NFC championship game against the Minnesota Vikings in Philadelphia on Jan. 21. Matt Slocum / AP
The NFL has broadcast deals "five years out" with its other partners — ESPN has the Monday night package — so five years on this agreement made sense.
"Fundamentally, Fox was built on football," said Peter Rice, the president of 21st Century Fox, nothing that 25 years ago, the NFC package "helped launch a fledgling network into what it is today."
"These opportunities come along very, very infrequently," he added. "You either have the rights to the most-watched content in media or you don't. If you don't take the opportunity, this won't come up again for five years. We believe in buying the very best rights, and the best rights are the NFL."
CBS and NBC each paid $450 million for the previous two-year package.
TORONTO — A 62-year-old Canadian pastor held in a North Korean prison for more than 2 1/2 years said he suspected his life sentence was commuted last week to help reduce pressure on Pyongyang.
"I believe (North Korean leader) Kim Jong-un let me go as a gesture of goodwill in the face of so much rhetoric," Hyeon Soo Lim told a packed worship hall in a Toronto suburb on Sunday.
Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim is greeted by members of his congregation at the Light Korean Presbyterian Church in Mississauga on August 13, 2017 after being freed from a North Korean labor camp last week. Cole Burston / AFP - Getty Images
That was his first public appearance since his release on Wednesday, during a week when Washington and Pyongyang were exchanging escalating threats of violence amid their long-running dispute over North Korea's nuclear program. Canadian authorities have declined to discuss the negotiations that led to Lim's release.
RELATED: Canada Confirms Pastor Hyeon Soo Lim Freed From North Korea
Wearing a baggy charcoal-gray suit and speaking in his native tongue of Korean, Lim described a harsh life of labor in solitary confinement, where he was forced to dig holes in frozen ground for two winters.
"The mud was so hard that it took two days to dig one hole, 16 hours," he told hundreds of parishioners.
Pastor Hyeon Soo Lim holds his granddaughter in front of his wife Geum Young Lim as he leaves the Light Presbyterian Church in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, August 13, 2017. Mark Blinch / Reuters
He said his health suffered in his first two months at the labor camp, and his weight dropped by 51 pounds, but he added that his condition had since improved.
The congregation at Light Presbyterian Church, one of Canada's largest houses of worship, welcomed him with flowers, hugs and standing ovations.
"Reverend Lim's release was a miracle, work of God," said church founder Chai Hoon Park, who recruited Lim in 1985. "He escaped from the fire pit."
Lim sat at the front of the hall holding his 1-year-old granddaughter, who was born while he was in captivity. He appeared jubilant, thanking his congregation and the Canadian government for their support.
Rev. Hyeon Soo Lim, who was imprisoned in North Korea for more than two years, is seen reuniting with his wife Keum Young Lim as he returned to Canada. HANDOUT / Reuters
During his first year in captivity, he had no Bible, so he read more than 100 books and watched over 300 films, all of them about North Korea, he said.
He then received Korean and English Bibles, which he read five times, memorizing more than 700 verses since he was not allowed to write.
Lim was glad to be at his home church after worshiping alone for 130 Sundays, although he was grateful for an extended time of solitude with God, he said.
"God gave me the ability to imagine," he said. "When you don't watch TV or read the newspaper, there's a lot of time."
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
BALTIMORE (AP) - An unusual smell prompted an evacuation and a hazardous materials response at a Baltimore high school. But after five people were taken to the hospital complaining of upset stomachs, fire officials discovered the source of the smell: a pumpkin spice air freshener.
Cristo Rey Jesuit High School was evacuated Thursday afternoon after students and teachers detected a strong smell on the third floor. Several people reported difficulty breathing.
The fire department and a hazardous materials team were called. Fire spokesman Roman Clark said two students and three adults were taken to the hospital for stomach ailments.
Then, firefighters located a pumpkin spice air aerosol plugged into an outlet in a classroom.
Classes at the school resumed Friday.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
13:18 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Civil admin. destroys illegal Bedouin structures The civil administration acted on a demolition order for 8 illegal Bedouin structures near Ma'ale Adumim.
► ◄ Last Briefs
UAC to boost capital with N15.4bn rights issue
By Nkiruka Nnorom
UAC of Nigeria Plc's bid to bolster its working capital and recapitalise the other subsidiaries within the Group received a major boost, yesterday, following shareholders approval of N15.4 billion Rights Issue proposed by the Board of Directors.
The shareholders also approved the N1.92 billion dividends, which translates to N1.00 per ordinary share of 50 kobos each.
Addressing shareholders at the Annual General Meeting, AGM, in Lagos, the chairman, Mr. Dan Agbor, said the additional capital would help UAC to partake in the various Right Issues being undertaken by its subsidiaries in order to provide them with enough capital to take advantage of emerging opportunities in their various sectors.
He said that already, the Right Issues through which two of its subsidiaries, UACN Property Development Company, UPDC Plc, and Livestock Feeds Plc, are raising N5.16 billion and N750 million respectively, are at various stages of execution, while Portland Paints and Products Nigeria, PPP, Plc has concluded offer for N1.02 billion.
He stated: “The Board has identified an urgent need to bolster your company's capital position. This will ensure that your company is able to subscribe for these rights issues and provide its subsidiaries with working capital support in a timely manner, so that the subsidiaries can quickly respond to challenges and take advantage of emerging opportunities.”
On the company's financial performance, he said: “Despite the daunting challenges posed by the operating environment, your company was able to deliver a mixed to good result in 2016 through cost optimisation initiatives, innovation in key categories and extensive retail market expansion.”
The post UAC to boost capital with N15.4bn rights issue appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
James Corden's popular “Carpool Karaoke” segment from The Late Late Show is coming to Apple TV as a series in the near future. An extended trailer for the segment was released, and it looks like we are going to see some pretty hilarious celeb pairings- 16 of them to be exact.
Alicia Keys, John Legend, Metallica, John Cena, Shaquille O'Neal, Will Smith and Ariana Grande are just some of the big names who will make an appearance.
Will you be watching?
Check out the trailer below:
NEW YORK — The 25th anniversary of Steven Spielberg's “Schindler's List” and the 35th anniversary of Brian De Palma's “Scarface” will be celebrated with reunion screenings at the Tribeca Film Festival.
The New York festival announced Monday that Spielberg will join Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley and Embeth Davidtz for a post-screening conversation April 26 at the Beacon Theatre. The “Scarface” event will reunite De Palma, Al Pacino and Michelle Pfeiffer on April 19 at the Beacon Theatre.
The festival will also host an anniversary screening of 1992's “In the Soup,” an acclaimed independent film directed by Alexandre Rockwell. The largely forgotten release, starring Steve Buscemi and Seymour Cassel, has been restored following a Kickstarter campaign to repair the remaining, damaged print.
Also slated for on-stage interviews at Tribeca are Bradley Cooper, Jamie Foxx, Spike Lee and Alec Baldwin.
The festival runs April 18-29.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's national security adviser on Sunday minced no words and clearly labeled Saturday's deadly car attack in Charlottesville, Virginia, as terrorism.
"Certainly I think we can confidently call it a form of terrorism," the adviser, Lt. Gen H.R. McMaster, said on NBC's "Meet The Press."
"What terrorism is is the use of violence to incite terror and fear, and of course it was terrorism."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed McMaster: 'Of Course' Charlottesville was Domestic Terrorism 0:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
McMaster's words went further than Trump's did on Saturday, when Trump was widely criticized by members of both parties for placing blame on "many sides" for violence that was sparked by a white nationalist rally and for not specifically naming and condemning the racist groups involved.
McMaster said the president intended to denounce the racists.
"He condemned hatred and bigotry on all sides, and that includes white supremacists and neo-Nazis," McMaster said. "I think it's clear — I know it's clear in his mind and ought to be clear to all Americans: We cannot tolerate, obviously, that bigotry, that hatred that is rooted in ignorance, ignorance of what America stands for, what America is."
But McMaster also offered very vague answers when asked more than once whether he can work with Trump's chief strategist, Steve Bannon, since considerable friction between the two advisers has seeped into the public.
"I am ready to work with anybody who will help advance the president's agenda and advance the security, prosperity of the American people," McMaster answered.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Can McMaster And Bannon Work Together? McMaster Won't Say 0:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Asked whether Bannon is someone who does that, McMaster didn't specifically answer. Instead, he replied, "I believe everyone who works in the White House, who has the privilege, the great privilege every day of serving their nation, should be motivated by that goal."
Later on "Meet The Press," Rich Lowry, editor of National Review, assessed McMaster's language.
"He used Washington-speak three times to basically answer your question: 'No, I cannot work with Steve Bannon,'" Lowry told host Chuck Todd.
McMaster also said Sebastian Gorka, a deputy assistant for the president who frequently appears on television to speak about national security issues, "is not in the National Security Council."
McMaster indicated that if Gorka represents himself as a spokesman on national security, he wasn't involved. "The scheduling people for the media and spokespeople is not my area of responsibility," he said.
McMaster also rebutted an assertion that Gorka made to BBC Radio on Thursday, when Gorka called it "nonsensical" for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to discuss military matters.
"We should always take Secretary of State Tillerson at his word," McMaster said. "He is a tremendously talented leader and diplomat."
TORONTO — A "Back to the Future" reunion is set for this year's Fan Expo Canada.
Organizers say previously announced guest Michael J. Fox will now be joined by fellow "Back to the Future" stars Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson and Tom Wilson.
Edmonton-born Fox starred in the "Back to the Future" franchise as time-travelling teen Marty McFly.
Fan Expo Canada will run Aug. 30 to Sept. 2 at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre.
Why it matters to you Conquering the outdoors is becoming easier than clothing manufacturers incorporate advances in insulation technology.
Winter is coming, and Volcom is here to help you prepare. The clothing brand has announced its 2018 winter collection of outerwear, pants, and accessories, and these garments promise to keep you warm even as you're adventuring in the coldest of climates. Volcom has integrated its proprietary technology — including its Thermal Defense System, Zip Tech, Face Tech, and Volcom Stretch Technology — to ensure that you're not only fully mobile, but fully protected from the elements.
The 2018 collection, now available in stores, was designed in collaboration with certified backcountry guide Bryan Iguchi, as well as X-Games medalist Pat Moore. Iguchi's collection is meant for the harshest of conditions, and was manufactured with a focus on breathability, mobility, and ventilation. Meant for “self-propelled adventures in the alpine,” you'll be able to perform at your best no matter how far from civilization you may be.
As for the Pat Moore collection, this line of clothing promises to be rugged yet clean, blending understated style with top-notch function. According to Moore, the inspiration for his line was derived from his childhood in New Hampshire, where ever-changing weather patterns required clothing to be fully versatile.
Both these lines integrate Volcom's Thermal Defense System, which is comprised of thermal panels filled with natural down and warming fabrics meant to warm wearers up to their core. These panels are carefully placed to insulate your body in key locations. As for Zip Tech, this patented jacket-to-pant interface allows you to zip together just about any Volcom jacket to any Volcom pants, which lets you keep out the snow and keep in the heat, all without encroaching upon mobility.
Face Tech, much like Zip Tech, allows you to connect your jacket to your facemask, while Volcom's Stretch Technology is incorporated into all outerwear to allow for “unrestricted flexibility and range of movement that snowboarding demands.”
Volcom's designs take inspiration from athletes like Olympic hopefuls Marcus Kleveland, Torgeir Bergrem, Scotty James, and Elena Hight, all of whom provide important perspective as folks who live and breathe outdoor winter sports all the live long day. As such, Volcom promises that its 2018 collection is comfortable, versatile, and approachable for any lifestyle, either on or off the slopes.
Man in an Orange Shirt forms part of the BBC's Gay Britannia season – a programme of content to mark the 50th anniversary of the decriminalisation of homosexuality.
Advertisement
The two-parter follows two male couples – one living in the 1940s and another in the present day – sharing a strong bond despite occupying different generations. Meet the cast below…
Michael Berryman – Oliver Jackson-Cohen
Orphaned Michael is a captain in the British Armed Forces during the Second World War and – after leaving the army – is expected to marry his childhood sweetheart Flora. But he's long hidden his desire towards other men… that is, until he meets Thomas March, a war artist who is attached to Michael's regiment. The time they spend in one another's company releases a longing in Michael that is at odds with the conformist life he had expected to lead.
Who is Oliver Jackson-Cohen?
Jackson-Cohen has made his mark in a number of British TV dramas, from roles as Roddy the painter in Mr Selfridge to James, Duke of York, in ITV's The Great Fire. He's also popped up in Dracula and The Secret River and played the lead in NBC's Emerald City, although the series was cancelled earlier this year after one season.
Thomas March – James McArdle
War artist Thomas was rescued by his regiment's captain, Michael, during the Second World War where the two formed a bond that they couldn't ignore once fighting had ceased. But while Michael tracks him down after the war, Thomas finds that – despite their mutual attraction – Michael still intends to marry and comply with what's expected of him.
Who is James McArdle?
James McArdle played Charlie McCallister in ITV series Love & Marriage and Alec in 37 Days. He has also appeared in Star Wars: The Force Awakens and recently took to the stage in Angels in America.
Flora Talbot – Joanna Vanderham
Flora is the childhood sweetheart of Michael Berryman and spends the war working in an evacuated boys' boarding school in Shropshire. The pair marry on his return from the war and Flora becomes pregnant, but she soon finds out there is more to her husband than meets the eye, namely his connection with another man – a discovery that turns her world upside down.
Who is Joanna Vanderham?
Joanna Vanderham first came to attention playing Cathy in Sky drama The Runaway and has gone on to appear in Dancing on the Edge, The Paradise and One of Us.
Flora Talbot (2017) – Vanessa Redgrave
Now widowed, Flora still leads a busy life, but the one person she holds dear is her grandson Adam who lives in her basement flat. She dotes on him and the pair share weekly suppers – but when Adam begins a relationship with a man, all Flora's old prejudices bubble back to the surface and her torment threatens the happiness of the person she cares about most.
Who is Vanessa Redgrave?
Vanessa Redgrave is a giant of stage and screen, appearing in more than 35 productions on West End and Broadway as well as a string of films, from Howard's End to The Bostonians to Mrs Dalloway. She won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress for 1977's Julia.
Lucien – Adrian Schiller
Lucien is Thomas's bohemian landlord. When Thomas is imprisoned for his sexuality, it is Lucien who tracks down Michael – the man who means the most to his friend.
Who is Adrian Schiller?
Adrian Schiller has had a lengthy career on screen, most recently appearing in Victoria as Penge and in Beauty and the Beast as Monsieur D'arque.
Daphne Talbot – Laura Carmichael
Daphne lost her husband during the war and leads a colourful dating life which she happily regales to sister Flora. Working at a London auction house in the late 1940s, she has plenty of tales – but remains unaware of her sibling's marital misery.
Who is Laura Carmichael?
Laura Carmichael is recognisable around the globe as Lady Edith Crawley in ITV period drama Downton Abbey. Since the series ended in 2015, she's cropped up in Marcella and A United Kingdom and has trodden the boards at Trafalgar Studios in The Maids.
Mrs March – Frances de la Tour
Mrs March knows all about her son's sexuality and is called upon by Michael while Thomas is in prison. Her home serves as a shrine to her and her husband's acting careers as well as her son's art.
Who is Frances de la Tour?
Advertisement
A staple of British film and television, Frances de la Tour is known for a string of major roles, from Rising Damp to Cold Lazarus to the Harry Potter films in which she played Madame Olympe Maxime. She won a Tony award for her part in The History Boys, a role she resumed in the feature film version in 2006.
PODGORICA, Montenegro — Montenegro's ruling party on Monday nominated its leader, who defied Russia to oversee the tiny Balkan country's entry into NATO last year, to be its candidate in next month's presidential election.
Milo Djukanovic's nomination for the April 15 election was announced after a meeting of the Democratic Party of Socialists. The vote could be crucial in determining whether Montenegro remains on a Western course headed toward European Union membership, or drifts back into Russia's orbit.
Djukanovic, who is coming out of retirement to compete in the election, said he had had other plans other than to return to politics. But he said Montenegro's future is at stake.
“When you're in politics for over a quarter of a century, you have certain responsibilities to your party, yourself and the country,” he said.
Djukanovic, 56, has previously served as Montenegro's prime minister and president in several mandates since becoming the youngest head of government in Europe at the age of 29 in 1991.
Djukanovic was prime minister during a tense October 2016 parliamentary election when authorities said they thwarted an attempted pro-Russian coup to prevent the Adriatic country from joining NATO.
Djukanovic, who had taken a back seat in politics after his party won the parliamentary vote, had long been rumoured to be considering another comeback.
Montenegro joined NATO last June despite strong opposition from the Kremlin which considers the country its traditional Slavic ally and opposes the Western military alliance's expansion in Europe.
I bumped into this stray cat while walking around a random neighbourhood of Puerto Vallarta one day. This cat wasn't exactly friendly, well he wasn't friendly, he just didn't wander over to me or anything. As I tried to get picture of him he immediately decided to walk off. I kept trying to shoot photos of him as he was leaving and I think you can kind of see it in his face (in the 2nd picture) that he wasn't to happy about the situation lol. I'm sure he's laying on a stone path in front of someones house over looking the ocean right now, so I'm sure he got over it. 😉
Thanks for stopping by, Rob
20.653407 -105.225332
JRA drops developer EDT after it insisted on $60 million public contribution By TED CARTER Engineering Design Technologies is out as the preferred developer for a downtown Jackson convention center hotel. A year and a half after selecting the Washington, D.C.-based development group, the Jackson Redevelopment Authority voted unanimously Sept. 27 to stop further negotiations on a development agreement. The decision came after Engineering Design Technologies, or EDT, said the JRA would have to devote $60 million in public money to a project the developer pledged to do without City funding, the JRA says. EDT said it could do a smaller version of the hotel with fewer rooms for a $40 million public contribution.
In asking for the money, EDT blamed increases in construction costs since beginning negotiations with the JRA in February 2016. The 2016 proposal specified a $75.5 million convention hotel of slightly more than 300 rooms on land the City owns next to the convention center on Pascagoula Street.
On the costs side, EDT was to have put up $41.3 million and obtain a City/JRA-backed loan of $11.3 million. The project would also require $11.3 million in tax increment financing (TIF). This money would be rebated from a portion of sales taxes collected in a tax increment district that would be created for the hotel property and properties close to it.
EDT also planned to use $3.7 million in New Market Tax Credits and to invest $7.5 million of its own money, or about 10 percent of the project's cost.
JRA Commissioner Jennifer Johnson had cited a $13 million funding gap from the start of negotiations and says EDT never explained how it would close the gap. When the gap grew to $60 million, she and her fellow commissioners no longer wanted to deal with EDT, she says.
“We could not even issue a note for that kind of money, and the City is not ready to back that,” said Johnson, an attorney appointed to the JRA by the late Mayor Chokwe Lumumba.
JRA Commissioner Kemba Ware Taylor said EDT's insistence on changing terms to include massive amounts of public money made further talks on doing a deal fruitless. “They changed some items in their proposal that were fundamental to their response to the RFP being acceptable to the board,” Taylor said in an email.
“I would like for us to start the process again with Mayor Lumumba's approval.”
Former Mayor Tony Yarber authorized this round of requests for proposals after RFPs sought by former Mayor Harvey Johnson failed to gain a development agreement.
The office of the current mayor, Chokwe Antar Lumumba, son of the late Mayor Lumumba, says it is up to the JRA to decide whether to pursue a new round of proposals for a convention hotel.
“ I'm told that this is really a question for JRA,” said Kai Williams, the mayor's spokeswoman. “It is up to JRA if they take the next bid or re-open the RFP process. ”
Meanwhile, the second-place finisher in the 2016 RFP process says his development group, Red Leaf Development and Advanced Technology Building Solutions, deserves an opportunity to negotiate a deal now that EDT is out of the picture.
“It's their turn to take a bite out of the apple,” said Don Hewitt, managing member of Advanced Technology Solutions, the Jackson representative to the Red Leaf team.
Hewitt said the JRA should give his team 120 days to deliver an acceptable development agreement. If it doesn't deliver, “reset the play to zero,” Hewitt said.
He said the only public money Red Leaf's proposal sought was from a tax increment financing district.
Red Leaf proposed building an $83.6 million, 302-room hotel with a 1,000-space garage. The proposal included a covered cross-walk from the hotel's Pascagoula Street location to the convention complex.
Waiting too long to raise interest rates would be "unwise" as economic growth continues and inflation rises, Fed Chair Janet Yellen told Congress on Tuesday.
Repeating caution that she and other central bank officials have issued in recent months, Yellen said that even though the Fed expects to hike gradually and to keep policy accommodative, getting rates back to normal levels is important.
The Fed kept its target overnight lending rate near zero for seven years and raised just twice since — in December 2015 and again a year later. The funds rate is currently targeted in the 0.5 percent to 0.75 percent range.
Traders do not expect the policymaking Federal Open Market Committee to hike at the March session. However, Yellen did say that increases would be evaluated "at upcoming meetings."
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen Chip Somodevilla | Getty Images
"Waiting too long to remove accommodation would be unwise, potentially requiring the FOMC to eventually raise rates rapidly, which could risk disrupting financial markets and pushing the economy into recession," Yellen said, according to prepared remarks of her semiannual report on monetary policy to the Senate.
When hiking at the December 2016 meeting, FOMC members indicated that three more increases are likely in 2017. Traders, though, are pricing in just two moves — in June and December. The likelihood for a March move is at just 18 percent, according to the CME.
"At our upcoming meetings, the Committee will evaluate whether employment and inflation are continuing to evolve in line with these expectations, in which case a further adjustment of the federal funds rate would likely be appropriate," Yellen said.
Dubai's ruler has announced that the sheikhdom which is home to the world's tallest skyscraper will build a new 1,400-berth marina and massive lighthouse along its coast.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum made the surprise announcement Monday about the Dubai Harbor.
The harbor is planned to be over 20 million square feet (1.86 million square meters) and will include a cruise ship port and terminal. The project also will include a 135-meter- (443-foot-) tall lighthouse.
Meraas, a developer backed by Sheikh Mohammed, will build the project between Dubai's Jumeirah Beach Residence neighborhood and the man-made Palm Jumeirah archipelago.
Authorities offered no cost estimates for the project.
Dubai is the commercial hub of the United Arab Emirates, an oil-producing nation squeezed in recent months by low crude prices.
Getty Image
Celebrity chef Mario Batali has taken a leave of absence from his restaurant company and co-hosting duties on ABC's The Chew following accusations of sexual misconduct by at least four women. According to Eater, which conducted dozens of interviews with the accusers, witnesses and other knowledgeable parties, Batali's behavior “spans at least two decades,” and the restauranter isn't denying the accusations either.
One of the four women Eater spoke with recalled meeting Batali at a New Orleans wine action 10 years ago, when she was a young chef looking to break into the business. She described him as intoxicated and “creepy,” and after he haphazardly offered her a job worth “double” what she was then making, Batali assaulted her:
Moments later, someone bumped her glass, spilling wine all over her chest and down her scooped-neck shirt. She alleges that Batali began rubbing her breasts with his bare hands while saying something like, “Let me help you with that,” as he groped her chest. “He just went to town, and I was so shocked,” the chef says. “Jaw on the ground, I just stepped back from him in utter disgust and walked away.”
In a statement to Eater, Batali confirmed the stories of his anonymous accusers and revealed he would be stepping away from his restaurant business for the time being:
“I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family.”
Late Sunday night, fellow celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain — himself an outspoken proponent of women who've come out against sexual assault and harassment by men — seemingly predicted Monday morning's Batali news in a series of tweets. “Monday, I'm afraid, isn't going to get any better,” he wrote. “Trust me. Monday is really gonna suck.”
(Via Eater)
Federal income taxes are due April 18 and, likely for several million people, so is a fine for failing to get health insurance.
Despite a lengthy debate, Congress has not yet acted on a bill to repeal portions of the Affordable Care Act. That means the law and almost all of its regulations remain in force, for now.
It's not too early to think about managing your taxes and minimizing the hit to income. Jon Sweeney / NBC News
For the majority of tax filers, who had insurance through an employer or government program for 2016, all they have to do is check the box on Form 1040 that says they were covered for a full year. That's it.
Under a decision by the Trump administration, however, leaving that box blank will not get your tax return kicked back to you. The IRS under President Barack Obama also did not reject returns with the box left blank last year or the year before, but it had announced it would step up enforcement of what's known as the "individual mandate" for tax year 2016. That plan was canceled under Trump's executive order calling on federal agencies to "minimize the burden" of the health law.
Related: Six Things You May Not Know Could Go With Obamacare Repeal
Still, those who lacked insurance for more than three consecutive months, or who bought individual insurance and got federal help paying the premiums, need to do a little more work.
Those with no insurance or a lengthy gap may be required to pay what the federal government calls a "shared responsibility payment." It's a fine for not having coverage, on the theory that even those without insurance will eventually use the health care system at a cost they can't afford and someone else will have to pay that bill.
Many people without insurance, however, qualify for one of several dozen "exemptions" from the fine. Nearly 13 million tax filers claimed an exemption for 2015 taxes, according to the IRS. The most common were for people whose income was so low (less than $10,350 for an individual) that they are not required to file a tax return, Americans who lived abroad for most of the year and people for whom the cheapest available insurance was still unaffordable (costing more than 8 percent of their household income).
Related: Should You Even Sign Up for Obamacare?
The fine for 2016 taxes is the greatest of $695 per adult or 2.5 percent of household income. Fines for uncovered children are half the amount for adults. Fines are pro-rated by the number of months you or a family member was uninsured.
The maximum fine is $2,676; that is the national average cost of a "bronze" level insurance plan available on the health exchanges. But most people do not pay anywhere near that much. Last year, said the IRS, an estimated 6.5 million tax filers paid a fine that averaged $470.
Related: Seven Ways Trump Could Make Obamacare 'Explode'
If you bought your own insurance from the federal or a state health insurance exchange and you got a federal tax credit to help pay for that coverage, you also have to take a step before you can file your taxes.
People who got those tax credits must fill out a form that "reconciles" the amount of subsidies they received based on their income estimates with the amount they were entitled to according to their actual income reported to the IRS.
In 2016, 5.3 million taxpayers had to pay the government because they got too much in tax credits, compared with 2.4 million who got additional money back. But among those who underestimated their incomes and had to pay back some of those tax credits, 62 percent still received a net refund on their taxes.
This story was contributed by Kaiser Health News, an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
NEW YORK (AP) — Enes Kanter thought it might be the nice new uniforms. Kristaps Porzingis thought it might have been Kanter's ugly lip.
In reality, it didn't matter what the Knicks looked like when they played Brooklyn this season.
Porzingis scored 28 points, Kanter had 20 points, 20 rebounds and five assists, and the Knicks completed a New York City sweep of the Nets with a 111-95 victory Tuesday night.
The Knicks returned home from their longest road trip of the season in new uniforms but their same old dominance of the Nets, with their fourth victory in four tries this season. They dominated the interior again and swept the series for the first time since 2010-11 — before the rivals shared the same city.
Kanter said he knew he and Porzingis had a chance to overwhelm the Nets' smaller front line again.
"Especially KP, because we know they cannot guard KP 1-on-1 ... so we know that they were going to send double-teams at me and KP, so we just made extra passes and won the game," Kanter said.
Kanter was 8 of 10 from the field, a day after needing stitches when he was cut by teammate Doug McDermott in practice.
"Enes was a monster today, just bulldozer," Porzingis said. "He did what he does and just great game for him, 20-20. Maybe he was mad from yesterday that he got hit in the mouth."
Tim Hardaway Jr. added 15 points for the Knicks, who went 3-4 on their trip, which started with a victory in Brooklyn on Jan. 15. Michael Beasley finished with 12 points and 13 rebounds.
They kept up their strong offensive play since then after averaging 111.3 points on the trip, fourth-best in the NBA during that span.
DeMarre Carroll scored 13 points for the Nets, who lost their fourth straight game. They played their second in a row without starting forward Rondae Hollis-Jefferson (strained right groin) and reserve guard Caris LeVert (sore left groin).
"They're better than us right now," Nets coach Kenny Atkinson said. "It's great motivation for us. When we look at the scores for the season, they're just better than us right now. We got a lot of catching up to do."
Brooklyn fell behind by 18 in the second quarter but cut it to 10 midway through the period before the Knicks opened it up again, building a 61-41 advantage at halftime.
The Knicks opened a 25-point lead that Nets trimmed it to 10 again, but Porzingis nailed a 3-pointer with 7 ½ minutes remaining to halt their push.
TIP-INS
Nets: Atkinson said the Nets would determine Wednesday whether guard D'Angelo Russell, recently back from knee surgery, is able to play on the second night of a back-to-back. If not, and if LeVert remains out, he said Nik Stauskas and Isaiah Whitehead could be ballhandling options.
Knicks: The Knicks debuted their City Edition uniforms, which pay homage to New York's firefighters and were designed in part by the Uniformed Firefighters Association. They're a darker blue than the Knicks' usual uniforms, a nod to the firefighters' dress uniforms. ... Guard Ron Baker left in the first quarter with a right shoulder injury. He appeared to be kicked by Carroll as the Nets forward jumped to take a shot. X-rays were negative but Baker won't travel to Boston on Wednesday.
NO NOAH
Joakim Noah remained out and won't play Wednesday in Boston, coach Jeff Hornacek said. The backup center left the team near the end of the trip after getting frustrated with Hornacek.
MORE OKAFOR?
Though he had just five points with his 13 rebounds Tuesday, Jahlil Okafor may have earned himself a larger rotation role with his season-high 21 points in a season-best 24 minutes Saturday in a loss at Minnesota. He plays Wednesday for the first time against Philadelphia, the team that took him with the No. 3 pick in 2015 but banished him to the bench before trading him to Brooklyn in December. "We told him when he came here you've got to earn it. There's nothing given and that was a good showing in Minnesota," Atkinson said. "I thought he's getting in better shape, he's understanding better what we're trying to do. So yeah, he's starting to earn more minutes."
UP NEXT
Nets: Host Philadelphia on Wednesday.
Knicks: Visit Boston on Wednesday.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
LOS ANGELES (KGTV) - A fruit vendor who was severely beaten while preparing for his work day in Los Angeles is having surgery for his injuries Monday.
Pedro Daniel Reyes, 54, was approached by a group in two cars in downtown Los Angeles Sunday at 5 a.m. at 31st and San Pedro Streets, according to Los Angeles Police.
The group demanded Reyes' money and that of another street vendor, the LAPD said.
Reyes gave the men his money but they attacked him, leaving him with facial fractures, a broken jaw, and a slashed throat, said Reyes' stepson John Patrick.
A GoFundMe page said Reyes, who is from Oaxaca, Mexico, works as a roofer six days a week and sells fruit on Sundays.
Reyes' recovery is expected to take at least six months, Patrick said.
Two other victims received minor injuries.
Los Angeles Police believe the attackers are four black men between 25 and 40 years old, and a black woman about 25 years old.
Only in the world of fantasy is Tom Brady not as valuable as Tyrod Taylor or Blake Bortles, but you may be surprised to see which players ended up as the top scorers of the year after 17 weeks.
Aaron Rodgers – who made a strong case for the league MVP award – blew away the rest of the field, and only four players scored more than 300 points over the course of the season.
If you spent a first-round pick on a wide receiver this year, you probably struggled. Not a single wide-receiver made the top 25 in points scored, and the highest scoring WR (Jordy Nelson) came in 32nd.
All scoring data uses the ESPN fantasy formula, you can see the full list of players here.
Here are the top 25 players of 2016:
With dozens of complicated print architectures available, it is not far fetched to say printing issues have kept many IT admins awake at night. Although Citrix and its advanced VDI technology addresses the basic use cases, debugging print issues in a Citrix environment is difficult and causes numerous stability issues if it is not set up properly.
IT professional can't afford to spend their days fixing or dealing with a Citrix printing issue if it occurs periodically and there is a high demand for a one-stop solution. This is expected as organizations today constantly function in a fast paced and volatile environment and despite all the advancements in VDI technology, printing still remains a critical function within many industries. Organizations need to have an optimized printing infrastructure that enables secure printing from anywhere, anytime and any device.
In order to address these dynamic working scenarios and enhance employee productivity, UniPrint Infinity allows you to work seamlessly with your existing Citrix environment and provide the security and management of your printing setup. The idea behind the product is to seamlessly enhance workflow and productivity.
Read the entire article here, Citrix Printing Solutions: 5 Reasons Companies Use UniPrint Infinity To Get The Most From Citrix
via the fine folks at Citrix Systems, Inc.
History is about to happen, but officials aren't sure how many people are coming.
Christian County officials said there's just no history to study to know how many are coming to the Great American Solar Eclipse. They said the preparations underway are based on the best predictions they can get. It's not just emergency crews getting ready.
At Crofton Bestway, you know you'll always find the row of fried pies at the front. That's where Melody Overton greets you at the register.
"I say 'honey' and 'darling' a whole lot," she laughed before ringing up another customer. "It's just the way we talk."
Even in a place where everything is pretty familiar, Overton has no idea what next week will bring.
"We are stocking double milk, bread and eggs," she said. "We're fixing to prepare like it's a snowstorm coming or an ice storm."
The Kentucky Transportation Cabinet is telling Christian County to stock up on food and gas this week.
"Even in the '70s when we had the Bicentennial, there wasn't this much hoopla," Overton said.
"It's just been a massive planning effort," said Randy Graham, director of Christian County Emergency Management. "It's like a Super Bowl without a stadium. This is by far the largest event we've ever had in Christian County."
Graham said they're expecting 100,000 additional people on Monday. He believes that will be between 30,000 and 50,000 additional cars on the county's roads.
"If there's going to be as many people in Christian County as they're claiming they're going to be, you're not going to be able to drive down the road," Overton said.
Graham said 21 events have been planned throughout the county in an attempt to space out the crowds. He said travelers should bring water if they get stuck in traffic and additional ambulances and strike teams will be ready to go.
"If we start having an influx of heat-related illness, then we have additional assets to bring in," he said.
"Come early, stay put," Graham continued, noting many camping areas are filling up. "We think a lot of people will be trying to leave pretty quickly after the event is over, so that information for staying late is key."
"Restaurants, motels, everything's going to be cram-packed," Overton said. "It's quite an economic boom for the area."
Ready to come in early Monday, Overton said she's glad to spend the eclipse in a place where she won't have to get on the road for supplies.
"As long as it's on our shelves, we got it," she laughed.
Copyright 2017 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
A woman has been arrested after she tried to abduct babies from hospitals across the Carolinas, authorities said.According to a New Hanover Regional Medical Center (NHRMC) Spokesperson, 36-year-old Linda Everett was trying to take babies from neonatal units across North and South Carolina.She was arrested in High Point and was charged with felony breaking and entering and larceny. WWAY reports the woman entered NHRMC without authorization earlier this month.According to Carolyn Fisher with New Hanover Regional, a woman presented herself at the check-in desk on April 5 at the Betty H. Cameron Women's & Children's Hospital, where she was denied entry.The woman eventually entered patient care areas without authorization, Fisher said.Seeing she did not have a visitor's badge, staff alerted hospital police, who responded and questioned her.No patients were injured or endangered.She was wanted on four warrants from hospital police.
It's not even Halloween yet, but the Salvation Army is already ramping up to help local families for Christmas.
The Salvation Army is once again helping families with their income-based Christmas Assistance Program.
You can head over to 620 North Erie Street St. from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. and from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. on Oct. 10-13, 23, 25-27 and on Oct 24 from 1 p.m. to 6 p.m.
To qualify you need to bring:
picture I.D. from all adults living in a home
proof of income for the household current within 30 days (pay stub, unemployment or SS/SSI/SSD printout)
proof of address current withi 30 days
birth certificate for each child in the household (or a medical card with birthdate or report card)
The Salvation Army does this year after year to allow everyone to celebrate the holiday.
"Anyone in need of assistance, if you're going through a financial struggle, or just got laid off and you don't think you'll have enough money for your family to have a Christmas, you can come in and apply,” said Megan Cornwell, Salvation Army Director of Marketing. “We just have a few different documentation needs you need to fill out. Last year we assisted over 3,400 households with Christmas assistance so that's food and or toys depending on what the family says."
You have to apply in person.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Junior Tall Black Taane Te Kira Samuel will participate in the Basketball Without Boarders (BWB) global camp this weekend in New Orleans, USA. The camp will also coincide with the NBA All Stars game which Te Kira Samuel is looking forward to, mixing with elite coaches, and players.
For Te Kira Samuel, this is a step up from Junior Tall Blacks training to the BWB camp, and is seen as an opportunity to show scouts and potential coaches what he is made of.
Te Kira Samuel says, ” Just being around like other good players and just learning off their experiences, bettering [sic] my game and bettering myself as a player and also as a person hopefully."
The Junior Tall Blacks Forward took part in the BWB Asia camp which was held in Melbourne last year and ultimately led to him being selected to go to New Orleans. However, being picked for America wasn't straightforward.
"Originally it was only the MVP of the All-Star game from the selection camp, and the MVP from the overall camp. Those were the only two that were supposed to go. But, I think it came like a couple of months later, my mum ended getting the email from whoever was selecting."
The Ngāti Porou and Ngāpuhi baller was also a member of the Junior Tall Blacks team that took out the FIBA Oceania under-18 tournament in New Caledonia, and is looking forward to being mentored by NBA players such as Wayne Ellington from the Miami Heat and Justin Holiday from the New York Knicks.
“First day I think it's a lot of skillset stuff and a lot of evaluating for teams. I think we're just playing games and a whole lot of skill sets."
To be honest, I'm just looking forward to seeing everyone that's gonna [sic] be there. It's gonna be crazy, I never thought I would be at an All-Star game especially like at this age as well.
For Te Kira Samuel, this weekend is a great way to prepare himself for the under-19 World Championships in Egypt coming up in July.
By PETE IACOBELLI
AP Sports Writer
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) - Brian Bowen is reaming in the NBA draft after the NCAA told South Carolina he would miss at least all next season before he would be eligible to play as the federal investigation into college basketball continues.
Bowen announced his decision to stay in the NBA draft through the school on Wednesday.
The decision means Bowen, the one-time Louisville recruit who transferred to the Gamecocks in January, won't ever play in college. He was suspended by Louisville after the school said it was being investigated as part of the federal corruption probe into the sport.
The federal complaint stated an Adidas executive and others attempted to funnel $100,000 to a recruit's family for him to play at Louisville. Details in the documents made clear investigators were referring to Bowen.
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
OSLO — The Latest on the Nobel Peace Prize (all times local):
14:50 p.m.
Former Soviet Union leader Mikhail Gorbachev has hailed the awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to a group campaigning against nuclear weapons, saying it reinforces the position that he and Ronald Reagan took at the Reykjavik summit a generation ago.
Gorbachev, who has himself campaigned against nuclear weapons since leaving office in 1991, said he was “very worried that military doctrines again allow the use of nuclear weapons.
He added in a statement: “I would like to remind about a joint statement we signed with Ronald Reagan: A nuclear war can't be won and must never be fought.”
Although the 1986 Reykjavik meeting collapsed at the last minute, it led to the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces treaty that banned all land-based cruise and ballistic missiles with a range between 500 and 5,500 kilometres (310 and 3,410 miles).
——
14:10 p.m.
Two days before her organization won the Nobel Peace Prize, Beatrice Fihn, sent a tweet that turned awkward: “Donald Trump is a moron.”
The executive director of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons told a news conference after the prize announcement that she was trying to make a joke, “which I kind of regret now,” based on reports that U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had said the same of Trump.
But, she added, “I think that the election of President Donald Trump has made a lot of people very uncomfortable with the fact that he alone can authorize the use of nuclear weapons.”
——
12:45 p.m.
The European Union's foreign policy chief welcomed the awarding of this year's Nobel Peace Prize to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons.
Federica Mogherini said on Twitter Friday: “We share a strong commitment to achieving the objective of a world free from nuclear weapons.”
Two European Union members — France and Britain — are nuclear powers.
Mogherini and her predecessor, Catherine Ashton, were heavily involved in brokering a deal to contain Iran's nuclear program.
——
12:40 p.m.
In Japan, the only country to suffer an atomic bombing in the closing days of World War II, this year's Nobel Peace Prize resonated with many.
Sunao Tsuboi, a 92-year-old survivor of the Hiroshima bombing, said he was overjoyed to hear of the Nobel Peace award going to those who were also working toward the abolition of nuclear weapons.
He said that “as long as I live, I hope to work toward a realization of a world without nuclear weapons with ICAN and many other people.”
Tsuboi, whose ear is partly missing and his face blotched with burn marks, is co-chair of the Japan Confederation of A- and H-Bomb Sufferers Organizations, or Hidankyo, and has devoted his life to the fight to eradicate nuclear weapons, stressing that the weapon is designed simply to kill.
——
11:50 a.m.
The director of the anti-nuclear campaign that won this year's Nobel Peace Prize says that “it sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behaviour.”
Beatrice Fihn, executive director of the Geneva-based International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, told reporters that “we can't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security. That's not how you build security.”
Fihn said that the group has received a phone call minutes before the official announcement was made that ICAN had won the prize. But she thought it was “a prank” and she didn't believe it until heard the name of the group during the Peace Prize announcement in Oslo.
——
11 a.m.
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons has won the Nobel Peace Prize.
The Norwegian Nobel Committee honoured the Geneva-based group “for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons.”
The statement, read by committee chairwoman Berit Reiss-Andersen, said that “through its inspiring and innovative support for the U.N. negotiations on a treaty banning nuclear weapons, ICAN has played a major part in bringing about what in our day and age is equivalent to an international peace congress.”
Asked by journalists whether the prize was essentially symbolic, given that no international measures against nuclear weapons have been reached, Reiss-Andersen said that “what will not have an impact is being passive.”
——
7 a.m.
The Norwegian committee that chooses the Nobel Peace Prize winner sorted through more than 300 nominations for this year's award, which recognizes both accomplishments and intentions.
The prize announcement comes Friday in the Norwegian capital Oslo, culminating a week in which Nobel laureates have been named in medicine, physics, chemistry and literature.
The Norwegian Nobel Committee does not release names of those it considers for the prize, but said 215 individuals and 103 organizations were nominated.
Observers see the Syrian volunteer humanitarian organization White Helmets as a top contender, along with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif and EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini for shepherding the deal to curb Iran's nuclear program.
Council Environmental Health officers are concerned about the selling of home-kill meat via social media following a recent case where one Waikato family fell seriously ill after eating wild boar they had bought online. It is suspected the boar was contaminated with potential fatal botulism.
Phoebe Harrison, Ruapehu Environmental Health Officer says, “"While both home-kill and hunted meats can be shared with family, friends, and visitors it cannot be sold, bartered, raffled or donated.”
She adds, “"In the Waikato case, three members of one whānau were left paralysed and unconscious after eating suspect meat."
Harrison urges the people involved should take note of what it is they are putting on social media as the Ministry for Primary Industries (MPI) and Council Officers monitor social media and other channels to crack down on these illegal sales. Due to the health and safety risks involved in this practice, the penalties for people selling illegal meat are severe.
She says with the festive season fast approaching and people gathering together to celebrate they want to ensure people are safe and well regarding consuming wild meat.
MPI offers a range of educational material on home and hunt killed meat around food safety. This information can be downloaded from their website mpi.govt.nz or picked up from local Council offices.
"Anyone with any questions is also welcome to call the Environmental Health team at Council for a chat," says Harrison.
Police in the Denver suburb of Aurora are searching for a 6-year-old boy who has been missing since New Year's Eve.
David Puckett was reported missing on Saturday night after apparently wandering off from his home.
Denver-area police agencies and volunteers searched for David on Saturday night and New Year's Day with the help of a helicopter and a bloodhound. Police say he has wandered off in the recent past but was found with the help of the public.
His mother, Stephanie Puckett, says he wasn't dressed to be out overnight in the cold.
Authorities are also searching for 13-year-old Fabian Xavier Rosales, who vanished from the backyard of his Aurora home Sunday night.
Police say Fabian doesn't have a history of running away. They don't believe the cases are connected.
Lust List: Cavallino Leather Apple Watch Band by Meridio Add some furry texture to your wrist with a stand-out strap from Meridio, makers of fine, Italian leather straps for Apple Watch. We love Meridio bands for their craftsmanship and elegance, and the Cavallino Collection is no exception. See what makes these beautiful bands unique, and []
(via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens)
Israel Police announced on Monday evening that the search for the three missing Israelis had yielded two bodies.
The bodies have not yet been identified, but were found in the area designated as where the three were last seen.
"A sonar-equipped ship belonging to the Israel Police succeeded in showing submarines where the bodies were located, and helping them bring the bodies to the shore for identification," an Israel Police spokesman said. "The fact that the bodies were found in the suspected area shows that we carried out the search in a professional and efficient manner."
Rescue teams are still working to find the third body.
19-year-old Itamar Ohana, 21-year-old Nahman Itah, and 17-year-old Liron Karadi went missing on Wednesday while rafting on the Kinneret.
Call The Midwife fans flooded Twitter with tears and distraught tweets as a major character died in the seventh episode of series seven.
Advertisement
SPOILER ALERT: Do not continue reading if you've not yet seen Call The Midwife series seven episode seven
Ok, don't say we didn't warn you!
The episode saw Charlotte Ritchie's Barbara, who had been taken to hospital with suspected septicaemia at the end of the previous instalment, sadly succumb to the illness and pass away.
On screen, her husband Tom and colleagues and friends at Nonnatus House were devastated. And on Twitter, fans of the series were equally inconsolable.
Advertisement
See what they – and Charlotte Ritchie's fellow midwives – had to say about the big plot twist in the video below.
BRISTOL, VA (WJHL)- Tuesday night people in Bristol, Virginia showed up to their city council meeting to make it known they have concerns over potential future budget cuts for the city.
Debbie Sourbeer asked people on social media to show up to Tuesday night's meeting in an effort to show the city council how they feel.
Sourbeer said it all started last week after she attended a city council meeting where she said she heard the city may have to make cuts to all departments this upcoming budget year.
Sourbeer told us Tuesday afternoon when she heard that, her immediate concern was any potential budget cuts to the emergency services.
Even though city council members aren't expected to dive into the budget just yet, Sourbeer said she wanted to make it clear to Bristol city leaders they don't want them to cut anything that has to do with safety and emergency workers.
“If they know how everyone feels about this, maybe they will start thinking when they do the new budget, and make the cuts, maybe they will see we are here to support them and we really don't want that to happen,” Sourbeer said.
When we spoke to Mayor Bill Hartley over the phone Tuesday afternoon, he said the budget won't be presented to the council until either the end of March or early April.
Hartley said it was too early to tell where things stood in terms of funding for different departments.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Here's one less thing to worry about. A giant asteroid is hurtling toward Earth, but the folks at NASA say there is no chance it could hit us.
The space rock the size of the Rock of Gibraltar, per AFP, or six NFL football fields, per CNN, will make a harmless fly-by on Wednesday.
“Although there is no possibility for the asteroid to collide with our planet, this will be a very close approach for an asteroid this size,” NASA says in a statement.
After looping around the sun, the 2,000-foot-wide space chunk named 2014-JO25 will buzz Earth at a distance of 1.1 million miles, or a reassuring five times the distance to the moon.
It will then keep going past Jupiter. Smaller space rocks swirl around Earth all the time, but this is the closest pass of a really big one since 2004, when the 3.1-mile-wide Toutatis passed within “four lunar distances,” NASA says.
Not much is known about the latest asteroid, though reports indicate it has a reflective surface twice as bright as the moon. The close encounter means that even amateur astronomers with small telescopes or binoculars will be able to catch a peek, Space.com notes.
It will be visible for one or two nights, before slowly fading away. (You can watch it live here.) NASA telescopes in California and Puerto Rico will deliver radar images that “could reveal surface details as small as a few meters.” NASA says, calling it an “outstanding opportunity to study this asteroid.” (NASA is hunting an asteroid that may slam into Earth.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: Mega Asteroid to Buzz Earth on Wednesday
The former Diamondback also had a scoreless outing in his last starting, going six innings against the Cubs to pick up his second victory. McCarthy has pitched just once against the D-backs since being traded to the Yankees for Vidal Nuno in July 2014, giving up just three hits and no runs in six innings of work last July 16.
McCarthy was 8-21 with a 4.75 ERA in 40 starts for the D-backs but is 14-8 with a 3.70 ERA in 29 starts since. The Dodgers will be hoping he can work deep into the game after getting only four innings out of Kenta Maeda and threeo out of Rich Hill in the last two games.
“The stuff has been really good,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “His four-pitch mix, the sinker, the change, the curveball the cutter, is really good. And it's just how he competes. He worked real hard this winter and in spring. He's been focused, he's been determined.”
Jayne Kamin-Oncea Jayne Kamin-Oncea-USA TODAY Spor
In perhaps a genius or infuriating move, Burger King released a new commercial designed to trigger your Google Home or Android phone to get the smart assistant to tell you more about the Whopper.
However, it appears someone put the brakes on the advertisement Wednesday afternoon. The Google Home no longer responds to the actor's voice in the commercial when he said, "OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?"
You can, however, still ask your own Google Assistant and be treated to a reading of the first few lines of a Wikipedia entry explaining what all goes on Burger King's signature sandwich.
Related: 5 Ways a Smart Assistant Can Transform Your Morning
In the 15-second commercial, an actor playing a Burger King employee says he doesn't have enough time to share the ingredients of a Whopper.
He has an idea, beckons the camera closer and utters those magic words.
"OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?"
If you watched the advertisement Tuesday morning and your Google Home is within earshot, it will begin reading you the ingredients of a Whopper. It's also a pretty high risk stunt, considering Google's assistant is reading the Whopper information from Wikipedia, a platform anyone can edit.
Google declined to comment.
It's certainly not the first time a commercial has triggered a smart speaker, however this may be the first time a major company is intentionally trying to make your tech talk to you — whether you like it or not.
The following reflects the majority opinion of the editorial board.
In the last few weeks, the abortion debate has come to a boiling point at Miami's Hamilton campus as two groups, representing both sides of the debate, have had their displays vandalized and outright stolen.
Two weeks ago, Miami Hamilton's chapter of Students for Life (a national nonprofit whose mission is to “abolish abortion”) set up what the organization calls the “Cemetery of the Innocents” on campus. The display featured rows of white, wooden crosses in the ground, each representing “10 babies that die by abortion each day,” according to an accompanying sign. By the next day, someone had vandalized and ripped the crosses out of the grass.
Then last week, the local College Students for Reproductive Justice chapter erected their own demonstration on Miami's Hamilton campus, in response to Students for Life's display — wire clothes hangers nailed into the ground papered with pro-choice rights. This display was stolen a day later.
Local media outlets are characterizing the conflict as a “battle” between the two groups, but that makes it sound as if the student organizations themselves are fighting one another. That's not what's happening here.
Both Hamilton's Students for Life and Students for Reproductive Justice chapters know the pro-choice/anti-abortion debate is a hell of a lot broader than Miami, and one of the most contentious on a national level. Each organization also acknowledges that the other has a right to their own opinion, and they've been coexisting on Hamilton's campus for years.
So, this back-and-forth vandalism, perpetrated not by the groups themselves but unknown (presumably uninvolved) individuals, feels less like a “battle” and more like a bad episode of “Parks and Recreation.”
If this were an episode of “Parks and Rec,” the vandalism of both pro-choice and anti-abortion displays on campus would probably continue until it sparked an ugly town hall brawl, after which Leslie Knope and the Parks Department gang would stake out the quad in question until they caught the people responsible.
But this is not a sitcom. In real life, issues like this are handled through healthy discussion and debate, not violence and vandalism.
We, obviously, don't know exactly what the people who vandalized these displays hoped to accomplish, but we can assume they were trying to draw attention to their own side of the abortion rights debate.
Acting out like that, through, attracts the wrong kind of attention. That behavior doesn't illuminate their argument, but discredits it by making the side they're representing look bad.
If you disagree with a student organization's message so much that you feel the need to point that out to them, do so in a civil way. Ask them questions, engage in conversations with them and acknowledge that, while you're entitled to your own opinion, they are too.
Comments
TORONTO — DeMar DeRozan dug into his bag of tricks and showed off his long-range game on Friday.
The Raptors guard scored 35 points and matched his career high with six three-pointers as Toronto beat Portland 130-105 for its sixth straight victory over the Trail Blazers.
DeRozan scored 26 of his points in the first half and was 6 of 10 from three-point range.
“DeMar came out of his three-point bag and was making shots,” Raptors coach Dwane Casey said. “That's the difference in the game, vault up and shoot shots with conviction, play with force, play with pace and we stayed with our triggers and played through our continuity stuff and found the right person.”
Toronto improved to 12-1 this season when DeRozan, the Eastern Conference player of the month for January, scores 30 or more points.
The Raptors made 19 three-pointers, setting a season high.
“We moved the ball. We took what they gave us. We were aggressive,” DeRozan said. “We didn't really force much and we got shots that we wanted. With a combination of all those things, we played well, too.”
Jonas Valanciunas added 18 points and grabbed eight rebounds for Toronto (35-16), which also beat Portland on the road on Oct. 30. Fred VanVleet had 16 points off the bench and Kyle Lowry chipped in with 15.
Casey was pleased with his bench's performance, especially coming off a loss on Thursday night in Washington.
“I'm really proud of the way the bounced back and played,” Casey said. “We need them, we need their energy, their focus, their attention to detail, their execution because it's contagious.”
Damian Lillard led the Trail Blazers (29-23) with 32 points as Portland had its four-game winning streak snapped. CJ McCollum had 21 and Jusuf Nurkic scored 20.
Lillard became the fastest player in Trail Blazers history to reach 10,000 points in the process.
And although he's happy about his accomplishment, he credited DeRozan for being a threat from so many different spots.
“He was already a handful with his size and athleticism and how crafty he is,” Lillard said. “Now you're chasing him over the top of screens and he's pulling up from three off the dribble, raising up and shooting it like that's always been his shot.”
The Raptors entered the matchup two games back of the Boston Celtics for first place in the Eastern Conference standings. It's the start of the Raptors' longest homestand of the season (four games) and they also improved their NBA-best home record to 20-4.
DeRozan's dominance started in the first quarter when he scored 16 points, drained two three-pointers and converted on all six free throws. He and Lowry sat out the entire fourth quarter.
Lillard tried his best to get Portland back in it during the third, making several drives to the rim and producing 12 points.
But VanVleet wouldn't let the Trail Blazers gain enough momentum — emphasized by a pair of hard fought layup drives that resulted in points. DeRozan then had a three-pointer near the end of the third, giving Toronto a 21-point lead entering the fourth.
The Raptors carried their momentum from the first quarter into the second with a 12-2 run to open up a 29-point lead. The Trail Blazers chipped away at that lead but still trailed 74-52 at halftime.
Valanciunas was 2 for 4 from three-point range to continue his shot from deep of late. He entered the game 5 of 6 from three in his last four games.
VanVleet, who missed Thursday's game due to personal reasons, finished 6 of 12 from the field in 21 minutes.
Notes: Raptors F/G C.J. Miles (sore right knee) missed his third straight game. … A moment of silence was held before the game for former Raptor Rasual Butler. Butler and his wife died in a single-automobile accident on Wednesday in Los Angeles. He was 38. … Toronto wore its black and gold “Welcome Toronto” uniforms. … The Raps host Memphis on Sunday afternoon and Portland travels to Boston the same day.
——
Follow @RyanBMcKenna on Twitter
Some familiar faces will by joined by new characters as Simon Donald's unique drama heads for its conclusion
Fans of the kind of mad, mesmerising thriller that can only play out under a moody Arctic sky will be pleased to hear that Fortitude is on its way back.
Advertisement
RadioTimes.com can exclusively reveal that the Sky Atlantic thriller set in the eponymous isolated town will return for a third and final four-part miniseries following its two previous ten-part runs.
In the aftermath of the murder of corrupt mayor Erling Munk at the hands of a mob led by Sheriff Dan Anderson, the concluding chapter will open with the arrival of two new police officers from Oslo.
Richard Dormer will return as the, at times, maniacal Sheriff Anderson, alongside Dennis Quaid as trawlerman Michael Lennox, Sienna Guillory and Luke Treadaway as scientists Natalie Yelburton and Vincent Rattrey, plus new cast to be announced at a later date.
Dormer said: “I can't wait to get back to this place. I love this world. A brilliant cast and crew. Returning to Fortitude always feels like coming home. And my old friend Dan is waiting for me. And he's just got this big grin on his face.”
The concluding chapter of Fortitude is written once more by Simon Donald, the man who brought us parasitic prehistoric wasps, psychosis-inducing viruses and deranged shamen in the notoriously bloody series.
Sky's head of drama Anne Mensah said: “We know fans of Fortitude all over the world really love this show and we can't wait to welcome it back. Simon's created this four-hour special event which is the perfect ending to the most enigmatic, surprising, shocking and emotional series we've ever had on Sky Atlantic.”
An average of 1.4 million viewers tuned in to each episode of series two of Fortitude last year, according to Sky, who have also sold the drama to more than 200 broadcasters internationally.
Fortitude series three begins filming later this year.
Advertisement
Fortitude series one and two are available now on Sky Boxsets and via streaming service NOW TV
Much as I like the look of the Soundbox, the design's not really the important thing here. No, the Soundbox's success depends entirely on its audio quality. And from what I've heard so far, it's really rather good.
OK, so a bit of context. The Soundbox's innards are designed and made by French audio maestros Devialet, a proper high-end hi-fi company most famous for the wonderful - and Stuff Award-nominated - Phantom. Devialet makes expensive kit and has some real audio chops, so the fact that it's making this box for Sky is something of a coup for the satellite company. In simple terms, it should be a cut above the average soundbar or base.
Inside the Soundbox there are six 3in woofers and three 2in drivers, all squeezed into its compact sealed enclosure. The woofers, say Devialet, will deliver the kind of bass you'd usually need a separate subwoofer for, while the drivers are placed such that they can serve up full 360-degree surround sound. How? Well two are situated at the rear corners, and handle 'atmospheric' sounds, bouncing it off your walls so that it gives you that in-the-thick-of-things effect. The front driver does the more direct stuff - speech and the like - and the woofers handle the low-end rumbles.
That's the theory, then, and in practice it all seems spot-on. My demo started with a clip from Mad Max: Fury Road, and it was instantly obvious how much more separation and precision you get than you would through the TV's own speakers. Right at the start you see a lizard scuttle across a rock, and I could hear every little footstep.
In a later clip from Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them, the magical chatterings of the weird/cute monster things (sorry, I've not seen the whole film...) were fully audible alongside the swirling score. It's not that the score was muted in the background, but rather that it was coming at me from the sides, while the creatures were out in front. Considering its size, the Soundbox is capable of a pretty expansive soundstage.
Bass is impressive, too. It's got plenty of weight to it, and didn't distort at the relatively high volumes we were listening at. A burst of Beyoncé certainly confirmed how much power you're getting here: the Soundbox could easily soundtrack a party if you wanted it to.
Dialogue is also handled really well, the result of a clever bit of Devialet tech called AVL - Automatic Volume Level. This intelligently monitors the signal and adjusts the volume levels so you don't get that really annoying scenario where you turn it up to hear a talky bit, only to then suffer a burst eardrum when two seconds later there's a massive onscreen explosion. Certainly in my demo I could hear everything being said without needing to strain. And I've spent 30 years listening to the Ramones.
Audiophiles might find it annoying that you can't turn this feature off to hear the soundtrack exactly as it was intended (meddling with dynamic range is usually a hi-fi no no), but the tech is talented enough that I didn't feel it took anything away from the experience.
President Donald Trump on Friday warned North Korea's leader that he "will not get away with" it if he does anything against the U.S. or its allies.
"If he utters one threat in the form of an overt threat — which by the way he's been uttering for years, and his family has been uttering for years — or if he does anything with respect to Guam, or American territory or an American ally, he will truly regret it and he will regret it fast," Trump said of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Speaking to reporters later after meeting with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley and National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, the president said he planned to talk to Chinese President Xi Jinping on Friday evening, noting that the two countries have been working "very closely" on the North Korea issue.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Tweet Says U.S. Military Solutions 2:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump also previewed that his administration was considering "very strong" additional sanctions on North Korea — "as strong as they can get," he added — but he did not offer any details.
The president said the only reason anyone was criticizing his handling of North Korea was because he was the one in charge.
"My critics are only saying that because it's me," Trump told reporters at his Bedminster, N.J., golf resort. "If somebody else uttered same words I did, they'd say what a wonderful statement."
He added, "Tens of millions in this country so happy with what I'm saying — finally we have president sticking up for our nation and for our friends and allies — and this man will not get away with what he's doing, believe me."
Earlier in the day, the president echoed similar sentiments.
"Military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely," Trump tweeted Friday morning. "Hopefully Kim Jong-un will find another path!"
Moments later, he retweeted a message from the U.S. Pacific Command's official Twitter account, stating that "#USAF B-1B Lancer #bombers on Guam stand ready to fulfill USFK's #FightTonight mission if called upon to do so."
Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong-un will find another path! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 11, 2017
The U.S. military in the region surrounding the Korean Peninsula always remains prepared with both defensive and offensive capabilities, should North Korea launch an attack. "Ready to fight tonight," is their motto.
Hours earlier, North Korea's state-run KCNA news agency slammed the White House as “warmongers” who "are unaware of the fact that even a single shell dropped on the Korean Peninsula might lead to the outbreak of a new world war, a thermonuclear war."
"We consider the U.S. no more than a lump which we can beat to a jelly any time," Pyongyang said in its statement.
Trump said he would not respond until he heard such statements from Kim himself. "Let me hear Kim Jong-un say it," the president said, adding that the North Korean leader "hasn't been saying much for the last three days."
Trump's latest tweets also came not long after a Chinese state-run newspaper said China should remain neutral if North Korea launches an attack that threatens the United States, sounding a warning for Pyongyang over its plans to fire missiles near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.
The comments from the influential Global Times came after Trump stepped up his rhetoric on Thursday against North Korea, saying his earlier threat to unleash "fire and fury" on Pyongyang if it launched an attack may not have been tough enough.
Trump also told reporters he would hold a "big press conference" Monday, but did not reveal the purpose.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump: North Korea 'Will Truly Regret' Any Attack on Guam 1:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
China, North Korea's most important ally and trading partner, has reiterated calls for calm during the current crisis. Beijing has expressed frustration with both Pyongyang's repeated nuclear and missile tests and with behavior from South Korea and the U.S., such as military drills, that it sees as increasing tensions.
"China should also make clear that if North Korea launches missiles that threaten U.S. soil first and the U.S. retaliates, China will stay neutral," the Global Times, which is widely read but does not represent government policy, said in an editorial.
"If the U.S. and South Korea carry out strikes and try to overthrow the North Korean regime and change the political pattern of the Korean Peninsula, China will prevent them from doing so," it said.
The Kremlin weighed in on Friday, too, as Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said the rhetoric from Washington and Pyongyang was "going over the top."
Trump said earlier this week Kim was not going to get away with his "horrific" comments and disrespecting America.
"Let's see what he does with Guam. He does something in Guam, it will be an event the likes of which nobody's seen before, what will happen in North Korea," Trump told reporters on Thursday.
He also said his previous promise of "fire and fury" in response to threats from North Korea may have not gone far enough, vowing "trouble" for the country if its actions don't change. "If anything, maybe that statement [about "fire and fury"] wasn't tough enough," Trump said Thursday.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed North Korea Missile Threats Cause Unease in Guam 2:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Shortly after Trump spoke Thursday, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis told reporters the United States still preferred a diplomatic approach to the North Korean threat and that a war would be "catastrophic."
Even as the war of words between the U.S and North Korean leaders builds, a steady push for a diplomatic solution has been happening both in front and behind the scenes.
Although the two nations do not have formal diplomatic relations, a back channel used by previous administrations through the United Nations remains open. The news was first reported by the Associated Press.
“They know how to reach us,” Deputy Assistant Secretary for Southeast Asia W. Patrick Murphy told reporters Friday.
Starting in February of this year, U.S. Special Envoy for North Korea, Joseph Yun and a senior North Korean diplomat for the United Nations, Kim Song Il, have been holding secret negotiations, focused on securing the release of American Otto Warmbier and other detained Americans but also discussing other aspects of the U.S. North Korean relationship.
“It's a channel we've used often to set up other negotiations with the North Koreans,” former CIA acting director and deputy director John McLaughlin told NBC News. “I don't think it's a time for escalating war of words here, playing chicken with them. I think Mattis has this right: get it in diplomatic channels, start to move it back, look for face-saving ways out and there's nothing to be gained by anyone in a confrontation at this point."
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the U.S. would like to sit down for formal talks with North Korea if they meet certain conditions but what those conditions are is not entirely clear.
“We'll know when we see it,” Tillerson said Monday. “The best signal that North Korea could give us that they are prepared to talk would be to stop these missile launches.”
Murphy later played down the possibility of diplomacy with Pyongyang.
"Now is not the opportunity for dialogue," Murphy said.
"Dialogue is not something to be negotiated. Standing down on the pursuit of dangerous missiles and nuclear programs in defiance of the international community, in defiance of the Security Council resolutions is what is at stake here," he said.
Trump declined on Friday to comment on the success of U.S. diplomatic back channels with North Korea, instead saying his administration's handling of the issue will "either be very, very successful quickly or we're gonna be very, very successful in a different way, quickly."
Adam Edelman reported from New York. Ali Vitali, Abigail Williams and Courtney Kube reported from Washington, D.C.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Do cellphones cause cancer? The latest studies from the federal government show that maybe, at the highest doses for the longest periods of time, cellphone radiation might cause one type of cancer in rats.
But that probably does not translate to people, experts agreed.
It's a hotly debated topic, and the National Toxicology Program, which assesses these kinds of risks, has been studying about 3,000 mice and rats bathed in varying doses of cellphone radiation for virtually their entire lifespans — from when they are in the womb to old age.
The bottom line from the senior scientist who leads the studies: “I think the reports don't go much further than what we reported earlier, and I have not changed the way I use a cellphone, no,” said NTP's John Bucher. “No, I have not recommended changes to my children,” Bucher told reporters in a telephone briefing.
The reports released Friday are an update of what the NTP reported in May of 2016. They're being released for public comment, and then a panel of experts from outside government will discuss the findings in March.
Related: Questions about cellphone use and cancer
The two most significant findings: Male rates given high doses of cellphone radiation had a higher risk of a type of cancer called a schwannoma in the nerves surrounding the heart. In addition, rats exposed to cellphone signals lived longer than rats not exposed. They were especially less prone to a type of inflammatory kidney disease.
It's still not clear why either thing might happen. The type of radiation that comes from cellphones is very different form the radiation that comes from gamma rays or nuclear energy. But the researchers stress that people are exposed to much lower levels of cellphone radiation than the rats were.
The first meeting between the nations at a major tournament simmered for 65 minutes in St Petersburg until Forsberg's fortunate strike handed Sweden a crucial lead.
The RB Leipzig playmaker's tame effort was heading straight at Yann Sommer until Switzerland defender Manuel Akanji stuck out a foot, sending the ball looping beyond his wrong-footed goalkeeper.
Forsberg also produced a well-timed clearance in his own penalty area to preserve the advantage against a Switzerland side who finished with 10 men, defender Michael Lang seeing red after clipping the heels of Martin Olsson just outside the penalty area when the substitute was clean through on goal.
Referee Damir Skomina initially gave a penalty deep into stoppage time before VAR intervened, though the change of decision made no difference to the final outcome of the contest.
The only disappointment for Sweden was a first-half booking picked up by Mikael Lustig, ruling the defender out of a last-eight clash against either Colombia or England in Samara on Sunday (AEST).
The Guardians game forges its own path through the universe, hindered mainly by technical hiccups.
Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy are back, and not just in Guardians of the Galaxy: Vol. 2, the film sequel hitting theaters in less than a month. Preceding the new movie is Telltale's take on Star-Lord's unlikely crew, with the first episode out this week. And although the developers used the first Guardians movie as a stylistic template, this game does differ slightly from the movie — mostly because of the complex world of licensing.
Superficially, the hallmarks are there. The crew is the same as in the film, with Star-Lord heading up a team comprising Drax the Destroyer, Gamora, Rocket Raccoon, and Groot. Telltale didn't get likeness rights for the movie actors, but the game's voice actors are definitely doing their best impressions. The extended cast remains the same as well, from Yondu to the mysterious Collector and, of course, Thanos the Mad Titan. Like the movie, the game's first episode, “Tangled Up in Blue,” even managed to squeeze in a Howard the Duck Easter egg.
But those similarities only go as deep as Gamora and Drax's green skin. Telltale's Guardians doesn't have to fit into some larger cinematic universe, and the studio's writers, as they often do, use that opportunity. When the Guardians confront Thanos in a no-holds-barred fight within the game's first 20 minutes it becomes clear that Telltale isn't letting this license go to waste.
Telltale's heart
Telltale's Guardians of the Galaxy, like the studio's other games, is a story-heavy adventure that consists mainly of watching scenes play out and engaging in limited interactions. These include lots of dialogue choices, scattered “quick-time events” that make you press certain buttons or keys in time to correspond with actions in a scene, and brief sections where you're given control to walk around and investigate or chat with characters. Compared to most video games Telltale's adventures are light on interactivity, but they often make up for it with good storytelling, and they can be ideal for casual and hardcore gamers alike. And like other Telltale games, Guardians is episodic, with only the first installment out this week.
Despite the characters in Telltale's Guardians initially looking and sounding like bizarro versions of the ones we're used to, fans of the movies will warm up to them quickly (and book readers should already be accustomed to the team changing depending on the medium). Their personalities and the dynamics between them work as well with a controller in your hand as they did on the big screen. Telltale fans know that the studio likes to take liberties with familiar faces and go down unique paths — just ask anyone who played Telltale's Batman game and learned about Bruce's parents — but that's not evident yet in Guardians' first episode.
Warts and all
Where Telltale's Guardians might falter is exactly where all Telltale games struggle. Presentation and performance. How the studio has gotten away with using this same engine for so long is anyone's guess, but it continues to perform as poorly as ever on Xbox One and PC. The studio's normal comic book style has been replaced in Guardians with more typical graphics, which some might count as a loss (and ironic, considering these characters originated in comic books). But more importantly, the episode's animations are universally janky, the frame rate is all over the place, and nearly every camera cut or line of dialogue is accompanied by an awkward pause, jerk, or stutter as the game attempts simply to run.
Telltale fans know that the studio likes to take liberties.
On top of that, the writing in this first episode is not Telltale's best. The Guardians are meant to get into some small kerfuffles among themselves in “Tangled Up in Blue,” no doubt to foreshadow full-blown rows to come in future episodes. As with all Telltale games it's really only the illusion of choice that matters, so even if you try to jokingly defuse the tension in certain scenes, the characters will react way out of proportion. And toward the end, Drax comments on a new development, stating something that might catch you off guard — because he's actually jumping the gun on a reveal Rocket makes after the next cut. That's just sloppy.
More to come
It's certainly not all bad. Telltale's Guardians isn't as funny as the source material, but it has its moments. And there are some interesting gameplay features. In one exploration sequence where you're given control to walk around as Star-Lord, you can use the d-pad to hover using the character's rocket boots and explore vertically. You can choose multiple actions, like “shoot” and “look,” when examining interaction points, and there's lots of optional dialogue if you stop to chat with your teammates, or call them on your wireless communicator.
As with any Telltale game it's irresponsible to judge it from the first episode alone. The best of Telltale's games are structured so that later episodes build on the ideas, mechanics and themes presented in the first episode. The worst of them turn out pretty disappointing, but it's impossible to know at this stage into which category the Guardians of the Galaxy will fall.
There's only one thing that's almost too weird to explain. Although the episode is titled “Tangled Up in Blue,” and features jams by Hall and Oates, Buzzcocks, and Electric Light Orchestra, it doesn't actually have a single Bob Dylan song.
Highs
Characters remain great
Story comes in hot
Great potential
Lows
Why it matters to you Virtual reality can already be a jaw-dropping experience, but research projects like this one are set to ensure that it continues to evolve in years to come.
Virtual reality technology has made some major leaps forward over the past few years, but there are still some niggling issues that need to be addressed. However, a promising project being undertaken by the Hasso Plattner Institute in Germany could help developers tackle one of the biggest barriers to full immersion.
When VR experiences display the user's surrounding via the display in their headset, the effect can be very convincing — but reaching out with your hand and finding nothing there can quickly break this sense of immersion. A team working under Dr. Patrick Baudisch is attempting to improve upon this situation by implementing haptic feedback.
The project uses electrical muscle stimulation to force the user's muscles to respond as if a heavy object were there, according to a blog post published on the HPI website. The two examples given are a large box that can be carried, and a wall situated in the environment.
The system that the team has created is capable of stimulating up to four different muscle groups. It works by activating the opposition muscles for the desired movement, which simulates how the user's body would respond to the weight or resistance of an object.
The entire hardware setup can be housed with a small backpack, with sensors attached to various positions on the wearer's arms. The potential of the technology seems to far outweigh the mild inconvenience of having to wear a backpack as well as a headset.
The team at HPI has already carried out two user studies to field test its implementation of this technology. There's no guarantee that their work will become a consumer product — but it wouldn't be surprising to see one of the major players in the VR industry pursue this concept further.
Many would argue that VR is already prohibitively expensive, and additional hardware isn't going to help matters. However, it's been proven that there's a market for high-quality VR experiences, no matter the cost, and this technology seems well placed to serve that crowd.
Handsomely clad in a suit at a posh Mercedes-Benz party at the New York International Auto Show, Jane Lynch is someone you'd expect to find intimidating. But, perhaps surprisingly, the six-foot-tall actor is remarkably open.
Lynch, 56, is best known for her imposing characters — from dictatorial coach Sue Sylvester on "Glee" to the boundary-crossing store manager in "The 40-Year-Old-Virgin," and "Best in Show" favorite Christy Cummings, the dog-training taskmaster and publisher of American Bitch, a magazine with a "focus on the issues of the lesbian purebred dog owner."
But in person, Lynch is neither scary nor tightly wound. She comes across as naturally thoughtful and feels present in a way many actors do not. Maybe that's how she's able to work so hard — juggling dozens of television and film projects each year along with concerts, touring and even authoring books.
In 2017, Lynch will celebrate the fifth season of NBC's "Hollywood Game Night." She'll also portray Janet Reno in Discovery's "Manhunt: Unabomber" anthology this August, and she recently joined the NBC pilot "Relatively Happy," which was written and produced by the creator of "Will and Grace."
In the midst of her busy schedule, Lynch sat down with NBC Out to discuss her gender-defying roles, being an out lesbian in Hollywood and more.
NBC Out's Mary Emily O'Hara (left) and actress Jane Lynch pose for a selfie Mary Emily O'Hara
NBC Out: Your character in "Relatively Happy," a divorce attorney named Bobbi Martin, has been described as a "womanizer" and a "father figure," which is genre-busting to say the least. What can you tell us about her?
Jane Lynch: She defies labels. Max Mutchnick wrote it for a guy: a womanizing, Scotch-drinking guy. And then he cast me instead, and we decided to make her kind of Marlene Dietrich in drag. She's very come-hither with both men and women. She loves to drink, she loves to smoke cigars, she wears men's suits — but she's also very sexy in a feminine way.
She's womanizing a little bit, yeah yeah, but she also objectifies guys as well. She's an equal opportunity seducer. There are no labels for her. She's never tried to be one thing or another — she's always been purely an original. She's just herself.
Kind of like you! And so many of your roles are like nothing we've seen before in terms of female characters.
If you look at my history, I've played many roles that were originally written for men. The first role I ever played was the king in "The Princess and the Pea" in high school. If there's a doctor or a teacher, I had an agent that would call and say, "Can you see a woman in this part?" And if they said, "Well maybe," I'd go, and sometimes I'd get it.
I think people write authoritarian parts, sort of knee-jerk, as male. You know, he's the boss, he's this and that. And if you ask if it can be a woman, it's thinking outside the box. It's off the beaten path. But you see women in authority roles now more than when I started in the 90's, when a research scientist would be a guy.
You're the boss on "Hollywood Game Night" for sure. How is hosting a live show different than creating a character as an actor?
It's a role as well. You define your limitations and how you operate in it. I love throwing parties, too. Nothing makes me happier — and I do this with "Hollywood Game Night" as well — than seeing two people who have just met and are hitting it off and enjoying themselves together. That fills me with, I don't know if it's pride, but it just makes me very happy to see someone make a connection with someone they didn't know five minutes ago.
Speaking of connections: Who is the most famous woman you've ever slept with?
Oh. Me! I'm the most famous woman I've ever slept with. No, okay ... Hilary Rosen. I just gave you a scoop. You're welcome. Oh, and Hilary: you're welcome too.
It's a very short list, actually. And it's done. The shop is closed. It's over. The ship has sailed. It's not sad, it's a f---ing relief.
Jane Lynch is joined by Kate Flannery, for her solo concert debut at 54 Below on June 18, 2014 in New York. D Dipasupil / Getty Images for 54 Below file
Well thank you for even responding to that extremely personal question. Let's move on. You're known for your iconic characters, but you're also an amazing singer and we don't get to see that as much. Are you doing any more musical work?
I'm singing with symphonies. I'll be with the STL Symphony in St. Louis June 9 and the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra July 7. You show up with your orchestrated songbook — which I'm working on right now — and the symphony learns it in a frickin' day — they're like amazing musicians — and you perform it that night. I'm nervous and excited.
I've got Christmas concert dates coming up with my cabaret group with Kate Flannery and Tim Davis. We've been touring the country. We had an album that did very well on the charts: "A Swingin' Little Christmas." And that of course will be available next Christmas, too. We have about 10 dates in December.
Are you following politics right now? Are you as obsessed as everyone else?
I didn't follow it at all when Obama was president, because I felt like it was all under control. Now I'm like, afraid. I always check MSNBC, which I watch like a crazy person.You can get really wrapped up in that stuff. I try not to let my blood pressure rise. I feel like I have to be more engaged with politics now ... What I get relief from is this notion that Trump is going more centrist.
I don't like that we've bombed Syria — the whole nation-building thing has not worked out well for us, but it makes me so sad what's happening to the people of Syria. I wish that we could open our arms to them, but our president won't let us.
You are one of the most prominently out gay figures in Hollywood ... From the inside, what are you seeing change the most in terms of LGBTQ representation?
Well, I'll tell you what is happening to me internally, which is the desire to let go of all labels. And I understand the need, especially for say, the transgender community, to stand up and say "I am a transgender person, and I will be counted. I exist, and I will be respected." But then hopefully we move on.
Jane Lynch poses with her Emmy for "Hollywood Game Night" at the 2015 Creative Arts Emmy Awards in LA on Sept. 12, 2015. Danny Moloshok / Reuters file
I think we've gone backwards, a little. But never in Hollywood. Entertainment is very inclusive. Whoever does the best job gets hired. And there are a lot of gays and lesbians in every level, every job — from crew to writing and acting.
Ellen [DeGeneres] took one for the team when they canceled her show (ABC pulled "Ellen" in 1998 shortly after the comedian came out publicly as a lesbian), and look where she is today. It wouldn't happen today.
I always wondered if I would have to be closeted. I would lay in bed as a young person thinking, "What if I become famous? Do I hide this thing?" But I never had to. I never had to make that decision because of the people who came before me like Ellen and Melissa [Etheridge] and K.D. [Lang]. I was never in the closet. It wasn't an act of courage — I just didn't have to be.
As television and movies open up more LGBTQ roles, though, does that expand your opportunities or is it limiting? Are you concerned about being typecast?
I never look at my work in those terms ever. I don't step outside and objectively evaluate it. What's great about Hollywood in its representation of gay characters and trans characters is that it finds its way into middle America. It creates a wave of acceptance.
I would have loved it as a kid. A "Glee" would have made me very happy.
Do you remember the first gay character or person you saw on TV?
I didn't know Paul Lynde was gay, but I loved him. I didn't have "gay" to attach to him, but I remember feeling a kinship with him on some deep level that I didn't even know what it was.
A lot of people want to know whether Sue Sylvester was secretly a a lesbian. I mean, those tracksuits...
Do they?! No, she's not. She's not one way or the other. She had boyfriends. Another neutral kind of person who, wherever the power was, whatever she had to do she went that way. But she never expressed an affection for a woman, she never had a relationship with a woman. She had plenty of boyfriends. I don't think she was in the closet. I don't think that was an issue.
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 27-year-old has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man in his 40s was stabbed in Carshalton.
Police and the London Ambulance Service (LAS) were called to Wrythe lane in the early hours of the morning, at about 4.30am, to reports of a stabbing.
Once there, they found a man in his 40s suffering from stab injuries and he was taken to hospital. Police say the man is now in a stable condition.
On Wednesday (May 30) the 27-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and he was taken to a south London police station, where he remains in custody.
Police say it is believed the victim and the 27-year-old suspect were known to each other and said: “it is believed that the stabbing took place at the property following a meeting with the suspect.”
Anyone with information is requested to call police on 101 quoting reference 1329/28 May or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
The new contestant reckons his background could cause some jealousy and says "if I want something. I'll go for it"
Charlie Brake reckons he's a “completely different guy to anyone in Love Island” and while the rest of the boys are relentlessly working out, Charlie won't be joining them.
Advertisement
“You've got a lot of guys in the villa who spend a lot of time in the gym,” he says. “I'm definitely not one of those guys, I keep fit but eat and drink what I want.”
The 22-year-old self-proclaimed “socialite” thinks his background could cause some jealousy in the villa; he explains, “my grandfather founded a food distribution company called Brakes which my family own and we sold it so everyone is well looked after,” adding: “I don't really have to work so I tend to do what I want.”
Charlie reckons his best attributes are his “pretty blue eyes”, and he's a self-declared “no nonsense guy”. He can be chilled but he will speak his mind in the “cut throat” villa.
He's had a few long-term relationships, and even moved to America with a girl from Liverpool for a bit, but that didn't work out. His exes will “be surprised” to see him on Love Island, he reckons.
Charlie describes himself as “pretty traditional” but says, “As a second date, I have taken a girl out skiing or away for the weekend. Sometimes that works out quite well or sometimes I can regret it when I'm on the plane and realise I don't want to be there with her.”
Laura may have found her rebound from Wes after her cruel pieing this week!
It was a juicy one 🍑 A post shared by Charlie Brake (@charliebrake1) on Jun 5, 2018 at 11:35am PDT
Charlie isn't always a gentleman, though: he admits he once called a girl round at 3am then sent her home in an Uber after a fight and then cancelled the ride once she got into the cab. What a charmer.
And don't expect Charlie to respect his fellow boys' relationships – “I did go out with one of my mate's exes. I went there and we fell out so I would definitely do that. A lot of my mates call me ‘Snakey Brakey' as a joke. I have got a reputation to walk over people, even if they are my mates. If I want something, I'll go for it.”
What is Charlie looking for in a girl?
He describes his type as “blonde, blue eyes, petite and curvy” so at the minute he's most interested in Ellie and Megan.
Though Josh won't have to worry about Charlie stealing his partner as he says “a girl that tries too hard who is very loud so Georgia for example wouldn't be for me at all.”
Who is Charlie Brake? Key facts:
Age: 23
Job: Me (yes, really!)
Instagram: @charliebrake1
Location: Chelsea
Advertisement
Love Island airs daily on ITV2 at 9pm
TURANGI, New Zealand — New Zealanders still don't know who will next lead their country after a final vote count from a general election held two weeks ago tightened the close race between liberals and incumbent conservatives.
Election officials on Saturday released the final 17 per cent of the vote tally, including votes cast by people who were outside of their district or overseas during the election. The conservative National Party ended with 44 per cent of the vote, while the liberal bloc of the Labour Party and the Green Party ended with a combined 43 per cent.
Negotiations to form the next government will now begin in earnest.
Both sides will need to talk with the small New Zealand First party, led by maverick 72-year-old lawmaker Winston Peters. That party finished with 7 per cent of the vote, leaving it holding the balance of power.
Peters hasn't indicated which of the larger parties he favours. A former National Party lawmaker, Peters has formed coalitions in the past with both National and Labour.
In the 120-seat parliament, the votes translate to 56 seats for National, 46 for Labour, nine for New Zealand First and eight for the Green Party. The final vote count gave both Labour and the Green Party one extra seat apiece over their election night tally. Those came at the expense of the National Party, which lost two seats.
Prime Minister Bill English said voters had clearly favoured National over Labour and he looked forward to engaging with Peters so National could lead a strong and stable government.
The National Party has held power for the past nine years.
“Not since 1969 has the National Party finished ahead of the Labour opposition at four successive elections, and I want to thank everyone involved in this historic achievement,” English said in a statement.
Labour leader Jacinda Ardern said she welcomed the final tally.
“Today's final election count has strengthened the mandate for change,” she said in a statement.
Peters has said he plans to make a decision this week.
His policies are eclectic. He wants to drastically reduce immigration and stop foreigners from buying farms. He opposes plans by the National Party to increase the pension age and plans by the Labour Party to tax certain water users.
Until negotiations are complete, English will remain as caretaker prime minister.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
From New York to Shanghai, coastal cities around the world are at risk from rising sea levels and unpredictable storm surges. But rather than simply building higher seawalls to hold back floodwaters, many builders and urban planners are turning to floating and amphibious architecture — and finding ways to adapt buildings to this new reality.
Some new buildings, including a number of homes in Amsterdam, are designed to float permanently on shorelines and waterways. Others feature special foundations that let them rest on solid ground or float on water when necessary. Projects range from simple retrofits for individual homes in flood zones to the construction of entire floating neighborhoods — and possibly even floating cities.
“It's fundamentally for flood mitigation, but in our time of climate change where sea level is rising and weather events are becoming more severe, this is also an excellent adaptation strategy,” says Dr. Elizabeth English, an associate professor at the University of Waterloo School of Architecture in Ontario. “It takes whatever level of water is thrown at it in stride.”
New kind of flood readiness
From ground level, amphibious houses look like ordinary buildings. The key difference lies with their foundations, which function as a sort of raft when the water starts to rise.
In some cases, existing homes can be retrofitted with amphibious foundations to give people in flood-prone areas a less costly alternative to moving or putting their homes on stilts, says English, founder of Buoyant Foundation Project, a nonprofit based in Breaux Bridge, Louisiana and Cambridge, Ontario. “What I'm trying to do is to take existing communities and make them more resilient and give them an opportunity to continue to live in the place that they're intimately connected to,” she says.
There are also new constructions built with amphibious foundations, such as a home designed by Baca Architects on an island in the River Thames in Marlow, England. When waters are low, the house rests on the ground like a conventional building; during floods, it floats on water that flows into a bathtub-shaped outer foundation.
The Trump administration should be commended for recognizing at long last that the U.S.-China trade and economic relationship has become inequitable and unsustainable.
Goosed by rampant and unrepentant mercantilist policies specially tailored for innovation-driven industries — including massive subsidies, forced technology transfer, pilfering of intellectual property, and denial of access to Chinese markets — China runs a $350 billion-plus trade surplus with the United States. It has also misappropriated hundreds of billions of dollars more in intellectual property and is on a concerted campaign to unfairly take over a host of advanced industries in which the United States specializes. The administration is entirely justified in calling China to task and saying, “enough is enough.”
It has proposed three major steps: a WTO case regarding forced IP licensing, restrictions on Chinese investment into the United States, and, of course, tariffs. The first two are unequivocally good. However, the tariffs, though the easiest remedy to apply from a technical standpoint, are not a preferable option.
The $50 billion in tariffs that the administration announced last week on 1,300 tech-based Chinese exports have already produced a tit-for-tat response from China ― $50 billion in tariffs on U.S. goods ranging from airplanes and cars to soybeans. In response, President Trump has said he would consider tariffs on an additional $100 billion of imports. This is a worst-case scenario, as it would likely raise prices on a far wider range of information and communications technologies. As the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation explained in a recent report, this would undermine U.S. productivity, costing the U.S. economy up to $330 billion over 10 years.
Moreover, Chinese President Xi Jinping sits in a much stronger position to survive a long-term trade war, should one emerge. China's authoritarian political system, broad control of key sectors of the economy, and the inability of its civil society to protest tariffs mean he can press forward without fearing domestic repercussions. Perhaps China will cave in first to Trump's threats. It should, given that it has been violating the letter and the spirit of the WTO's rules for over a decade, costing millions of U.S. jobs as a result. To be clear, retaliatory Chinese tariffs are entirely unjustified; America's actions are a response to China's already unfair trade practices. China shouldn't get to “cheat” twice.
But while China's mercantilism needs to be brought to an end, it is unlikely that tariffs will do the trick. The reality is that China's innovation mercantilism, while overt, is sophisticated and nuanced. If the United States wants to dismantle the Chinese industrial policies threatening our economic well-being, it must be prepared for fierce resistance and formidable countermeasures. Therefore, the administration should consider bringing to bear more potent tools that would inflict costs on China, not on American businesses and consumers. Applying such tools would be more likely than tariffs to bring China to the table in a mood to bargain.
Accordingly, here are 10 non-tariff responses for the administration to add to its arsenal:
1. Instruct the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) to bring a WTO case against China over its ongoing failure to publish thousands of trade-related final measures, including subsidies, in a single official journal as it's required to do under WTO rules. One reason it's been difficult to bring subsidy cases against China at the WTO is that China fails to properly publish its subsidies. Getting the WTO to enforce China's publication requirements would make it possible to bring additional WTO cases for subsidy or other violations, such as forced IP or technology transfer.
2. Support legislation, currently being considered in Congress, to reform the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS). This inter-agency committee reviews transactions that could give control of a U.S. business or technology to a foreign entity. It needs to be reformed to reflect the realities of state-led capitalism.
3. Ask Congress to reform U.S. antitrust law. State-sponsored or directed pricing behavior by foreign enterprises in the U.S. market should no longer be exempt from U.S. antitrust law. And the so-called “act of state” doctrine, whereby Chinese companies claim an exemption for their pricing behaviors under the Foreign Sovereign Immunity Act, should be brought to an end.
The administration should also task the Justice Department to consider subsidies for Chinese companies a basis for antitrust cases. Further, the administration should eliminate a regulation that exempts mergers involving Chinese state-owned enterprises from having to be announced in accordance with U.S. antitrust law.
4. Utilize existing Treasury Department authorities to sanction Chinese companies benefitting from stolen IP or coerced technology transfer. Chinese firms that are stealing IP should be banned from accessing the U.S. banking and financial system.
5. Deny Chinese-headquartered enterprises access to listing on U.S. stock exchanges if they fail to provide financial statements in line with generally accepted accounting principles.
6. Build an “inspection wall” against counterfeit and pirated Chinese goods, with the goal of stopping them all. China accounts for 87 percent of counterfeit goods seized each year, with costs estimated to be between $30 and $40 billion.
7. Continue refusing to recognize China as a market-based economy for WTO purposes.
8. Suspend scientific and other technical cooperation with China.
9. Task USTR with developing WTO “non-violation nullification and impairment” claims that would assert the United States is being denied the benefits of reasonably expected market access. The claims can contend that China's manifold mercantilist policies undercut and undermine the benefits and rights the United States thought it was getting when it assented to China joining the WTO.
10. Build a broad alliance with like-minded allies ― including Japan, Korea, European, and Commonwealth nations. President Trump has made it clear that he doesn't want U.S. allies to free ride on U.S. military strength. Yet, when it comes to trade, the United States is bearing the burden, including the economic costs that come with tariffs. The president should make it clear that this is not acceptable and ensure our allies join us in concertedly and collectively contesting unfair Chinese trade practices that hurt the whole global trading system.
The intent behind these measures is not to punish China for the sake of it, but to ensure that trade and economic relations move forward on a fair and equitable basis in accordance with WTO rules. The goal is not a trade war ― the United States already has been on the receiving end of a one-sided war for 15 years ― but a negotiated solution that rolls back China's unfair trade practices. If that's to succeed, the United States must enroll like-minded allies in this cause and use a broader set of tools that more precisely target China's unfair trade practices and the companies that benefit from them.
Stephen Ezell is vice president for global innovation policy at the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation, an independent, nonpartisan research and educational institute focusing on the intersection of technological innovation and public policy.
This article originally appeared in RealClear Policy.
Sunday nights are about to get a whole lot steamier when psychological thriller Apple Tree Yard hits our television screens.
Written by Amanda Coe and directed by Jessica Hobbs, the show has been adapted from Louise Doughty's novel. With a female-centric storyline and creative team, the show tackles a topic that rarely sees the limelight – middle-aged sexuality.
Dr. Yvonne Carmichael, a high-flying career woman in the area of genetics seems to have it all: a devoted husband, two well-raised children, and an enviable suburban home.
Not so... She becomes entangled in a web of lies and embarks on a passionate affair with a man she hardly knows until a single act of violence brings her world crashing down.
Delve into the complex psyche of the cast and characters of this four-part series before it airs this Sunday the 22nd on BBC1 at 9pm.
Emily Watson – Yvonne Carmichael
Yvonne Carmichael is a geneticist who works at one of the most highly regarded institutions in her field. Despite her accolades and healthy home life, she seems to be stuck in a bit of a rut. Her mid-life crisis, if we can call it such, and stale marriage thrusts her into the arms of a stranger, but is he all that he seems?
“I hope it's going to cause debate and that people feel very strongly about Yvonne, the things she does, and the choices she makes. I know some people are going to really disapprove of her,” says star Emily Watson.
“I think some women will be really invested in that relationship, showing an older woman going off and having an exciting affair. I hope it's going to make people talk. I think the moral ambiguity and how it's not entirely clear-cut is true to life.”
Where do I recognise her from?
Emily Watson is known for roles in films such as The Theory of Everything, Anna Karenina, Angela's Ashes, and Red Dragon. She started out in theatre and joined the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1992. She went on to win an Oscar nomination for Breaking the Waves and won a Bafta for her TV role in ITV's Appropriate Adult.
She was the first one to tell her co-star, Ben Chaplin, about Apple Tree Yard. Due to the sexual nature of some of the scenes in the show, she wanted to act them out with someone she felt comfortable with.
Town & Country magazine had an incredible May thanks perhaps to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle.
The Hearst magazine saw the biggest audience increases of any magazine in web and mobile. Compared to May of last year, the magazine's 2018 web audience grew by an eye-popping 307 percent and 649 percent, respectively, according the Association of Magazine Media, which released its latest monthly audience statistics on Tuesday.
Surprisingly T&C's video audience dropped by a whopping 42.5 percent.
Town & Country is increasingly looking to become the society read of the moment under new editor Stellene Volandes, who took the title in March.
The website carries stories about why Markle has been wearing so many blush tones and where the Spanish princesses are going to summer camp. No wonder former Vanity Fair editor Graydon Carter is starting a new venture to cover royal families.
Meanwhile, Vanity Fair, which carried a cover photo of the royal couple in May, is struggling. The magazine's print and digital audience fell 6.7 percent (from 8 million to 7.5 million) in May versus a year ago. Mobile audience fell 8 percent. Video was a bright spot for the magazine, rising 12.6 percent for the month.
Vanity Fair's Year-to-date total audience is up 0.1 percent, but again, growth is being driven by video.
ComScore, however, paints a different picture, with VF growing its multi-platform audience to 22.7 million in May 2018 from 17 million a year earlier.
The association reports that the total audience for magazines in May was 1.7 billion, up 1.4 percent versus May 2016.
It's the last place you expect to see a dog but a place where the unconditional love and comfort they exude is really needed.
It started with Anna, a comfort dog who was on hand for child victims during a tense trial. And now The Lucas County Courthouse has a resident dog named Ezra. He started in November but is now acclimated with his duties and ready to work.
"He is a gentle giant," said Nancy Borders, Ezra's caretaker.
Ezra is still a puppy, but he loves being at the courthouse.
"He really wants that vest on because he knows he is going somewhere to work because work is fun for him," said Borders.
Ezra's job is to roam the halls, but also be there for those nervous about being in a courtroom to testify or face the person who victimized them.
"Just to see them smile, give them a little bit of a break from what they are dealing with," explained Borders.
Ezra is owned by Lutheran Church Charities, as well as cared for by their volunteers.
LCC has invested around $20,000 into Ezra and her training and will continue to pay for her food vet bills and other needs. But Lutheran Church Charity has placed Ezra at the Lucas County Courthouse to work inside.
"If it can help people in the justice system and and seeking justice then is is worth it for us as Christians to help those who have been victimized," said Tim Hetzner Lutheran Church Charities.
"It's a blessing," said Julia Bates, a Lucas County Prosecutor.
It was Prosecutor Bates dream to have a comfort dog at the Lucas County Courthouse and Ezra is that dog.
Though Ezra isn't up to full capacity yet working a full 40-hour week, he is on n as needed basis at this point.
"We just have to take advantage of it and beat the drum with the staff to say don't even hesitate. If you have a case please lets use this dog because this dog is trained for this and really helping," explained Bates.
Lucas County's success with Ezra is gaining attention. Lutheran Church Charities has been getting requests from other courthouses across the country also interested in starting up a similar program.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
An Academy Award is the holy grail for any film actor. And while many will claim that it's “just an honor being nominated,” the truth is that a win can put a huge gold star on your résumé. Actors get more bucks for their work once they've received a golden statue, not to mention the admiration of their peers and audiences.
While you might think that most big-name actors have won before, that's not necessarily the case. Here's a list of industry heavyweights who have yet to take home the big prize.
“This is our first Process Solutions User Group meeting since the release of PlantPAx 4.0 in March, and we're seeing how it's improving automation productivity and time to market by being easier to design, develop and maintain,” said Jason Wright, PlantPAx business manager, Rockwell Automation. “We're offering a lot of new content on PlantPAx system design and deployment, application development, defining and sizing systems, as well as implementation, administration and maintenance.”
The Process Solutions User Group (PSUG) conference kicked off in Atlanta, Georgia with a keynote presentation of session and technology highlights.
News and information fell generally into three key areas. “First, there's a lot to learn,” Wright said. Studio 5000 Architect now includes a library of prebuilt automation strategies, and the ability to build your own, click by click, where needed. Sessions highlight Application Code Manager for automation productivity, how to manage automation investments with FactoryTalk AssetCentre, converting legacy DCS and PLC-5 systems to the PlantPAx modern distributed control system, and executing a successful alarm management project.
Second, “IT/OT convergence is accelerating, so we're showing how you can adopt the latest IT in your facility,” Wright said, for example, with Stratix switches that let you set up “click-by-click network security.
“Third is enhanced control, and how to build more capabilities,” Wright said. For example, for model predictive control (MPC), you can now run a 10x10 matrix on a controller chassis. “And it's not just about MPC,” he said. Highlights include higher speeds for applications where MPC does not apply, and sessions on critical control and process safety, intelligent motor control, controller-based batching using SequenceManager, and control loop analytics and utilities to simplify programming.
PlantPAx DCS expands capabilities
“It's all about using digitization to let operators and teams do their jobs better and make better decisions,” said Kris Dorman, PlantPAx business development manager, Rockwell Automation. A major theme is taking advantage of new technologies, like the cloud and analytics.
To further explain, Dorman introduced a panel of four experts, starting with Tony Barrancotta, PlantPAx engineering manager, Rockwell Automation.
“How do you leverage a library to get the right information to the right people? It's tough. But part of the answer is well-designed faceplates and presentation of parameters,” said Barrancotta. The latest PlantPAx library adds features for area-based security, ergonomic faceplates and advanced visualization including faceplates for PlantPAx MPC and integration with Studio 5000 Architect.
A Process Library Migration Tool gives users a mechanism to transpose their application to the latest version. “We already provide great tools for documentation, and now we're automating it,” Barrancotta said. The tool minimizes the number of steps, and walks you through the steps to render your application in the latest version.
Rockwell Automation is also allowing more devices to provide information over EtherNet/IP, including motor control centers and instruments to put control and power together, with new objects for Allen-Bradley PowerFlex 6000, PowerFlex 7000 and PowerFlex 755T drives.
“The future is happening now, with new capabilities and new icons—faceplates, visualization and security, all with a look and feel in common with PlantPAx,” Barrancotta said. “We're now adding process strategies, multi-language support, and integration with Application Code Manager.”
Managing batch the modern way
“You can trace Rockwell Automation's batch offerings back to Sequentia and PID, and their roots in S88 and batch sequence logic,” said Dan Updyke, product manager, Rockwell Automation. “For batch, digitization is about embracing knowledge and using it to improve operations by putting it in the hands of operators, on any device they use, including smart phones, tablets and web browsers.”
For example, if an operator in the control room sees a valve fault, goes out and finds the valve limit switch needs an adjustment and adjusts it, they used to have to go back to the control room to test it. “Now they can use their phone or tablet to activate the valve and see it operate,” Updyke said. “This adds a lot of efficiency.
“For modern operators—millennials—having this is important. They've grown up with tablets and phones. Mobile is natural and native for them, not trackballs and panels with switches. Mobile embraces modern workflows.”
Scalability conventionally means you can use the same package for small and large applications. Now it also means you can integrate as well. For example, SequenceManager moves operations from the batch server into the controller, so you can do sequencing right in the Logix controller, and right-size it to fit the application.
Integration is also coming to the packages themselves. “We're putting the portfolio together on FactoryTalk,” Updyke said. With FactoryTalk Batch 13, you can have a skid built with SequenceManager, do a field acceptance test (FAT) and validate it, then bring it into the plant and integrate it without having to rewrite the sequence code at the server level. “FactoryTalk Batch just sends the batch parameters to SequenceManager, so there's no need to revalidate,” he said. “That can save months of time and millions of dollars.”
Progress at the IT/OT front
“IT and OT. What do we ask of it?” asked Matt Crandell, president and CEO, Automation Control Products (ACP), which was recently acquired by Rockwell Automation. “From IT, we ask for a place to store and access data, with security. From OT, we need control, and to visualize and collect data. In the end, we want a way to use that data in the future, to do things better.”
In this context, small data is like a 12-exposure roll of Kodak film in an Instamatic camera. “You take that to your cousin's wedding, and you're going to be very careful about what pictures you take, because it costs a lot to get each picture developed,” Crandell said. Big data is like a digital camera: You shoot everything, hundreds of pictures, some good but mostly trash. Then you go home and sort them out.
“We do this because we can, thanks to Moore's Law,” Crandell said. “Solid-state drives are doubling in size and speed every two years. But all this data is useless without an application.”
For example, Google sends camera cars everywhere, takes millions of pictures and puts them all in an application: Google Maps. Then you use GPS to get just the data you need, where and when you need it, for example, to avoid a traffic jam and save two hours of commuting time.
“ThinManager is an application for getting the right information to the right people at the right time. It knows who you are, and where you are, and can help you get the right outcomes through better decisions,” Crandell said. And with security: it won't let you see the data unless you're the right person, and through geofencing, in the right place.
Bring and keep it together
Rockwell Automation Connected Services build on these technologies with consulting services and pre-engineered solutions. “We can assess the state of your network, then design and deploy what you need. We can house an industrial data center (IDC) and industrial area network (IAN) solution at your facility, and you can pay for it as a service,” said Angela Rapko, North America business manager, Connected Services, Rockwell Automation. “We can provide tech support to monitor and manage your network, provide backup and restore capabilities, and do cache management in one multi-year contract paid on an annual basis.”
A Managed Anomaly Detection Service can monitor and provide security against internal and external threats, and “We're piloting analytics services including predictive technologies—the technology and people to examine, for example, historian and downtime data,” Rapko added. “We'll tell you when something is going to break before it happens.”
This article was originally published on ControlGlobal.com.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was taken to hospital with serious injuries following an incident in Blacon this weekend.
North West Ambulance and officers from Cheshire police were called to Wyndham Road at around 4pm on Saturday (August 12) after receiving reports of a 'disturbance'.
A Cheshire police spokesperson told The Chronicle that a 29-year-old man was taken to Aintree Hospital with serious injuries but said they do not believe he was the victim of an assault.
Photo
WASHINGTON — Speaker Paul D. Ryan faced a backlash on Saturday after he pointed to a secretary's $1.50 weekly increase in take-home pay as a sign of the Republican tax plan's success.
“A secretary at a public high school in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, said she was pleasantly surprised her pay went up $1.50 a week ... she said [that] will more than cover her Costco membership for the year,” Mr. Ryan posted on Twitter, sharing an Associated Press report about paycheck increases under the $1.5 trillion tax overhaul.
The article describes a high school secretary, Julia Ketchum, as “pleasantly surprised” that her pay went up $1.50 a week, or $78 a year, more than enough to cover an annual Costco membership. Mr. Ryan deleted the Twitter post in hours, however, after lawmakers and social media users criticized him for appearing out of touch.
“That tweet about the $1.50 a week is not a PR mistake,” Senator Brian Schatz, Democrat of Hawaii, wrote on Twitter. “It is really what they think.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Randy Bryce, a Democrat waging a long-shot bid to unseat Mr. Ryan, quickly used the tweet in a fund-raising effort.
MUMBAI - Outspoken Indian gay rights activist Harish Iyer is used to fighting for equal rights but over the last month he has turned into a messenger of love.
He is the host of "Gaydio," the first radio show dedicated to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender issues in India, where homosexuality is a taboo and gay sex can be punished with up to 10 years in jail.
"As an activist, it is in my DNA to stand up for a cause," Iyer, 38, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Equal rights advocate Harish Iyer poses for a picture while hosting India's first LGBTQ-themed radio show "Gaydio" in this handout picture. Courtesy of ISHQ 104.8FM
"You hear heart-warming love stories during your activism, but you are busy being the savior. But on this show, I look at the softer side."
India's penal code bans "sex against the order of nature," which is widely interpreted as homosexual sex, and transgender people face widespread discrimination even though the Supreme Court has enshrined a person's right to identify as transgender.
The weekly show on commercial radio channel Ishq, which means love in Urdu, was launched in mid-July and is aired every Sunday in the cities of Mumbai, New Delhi and Kolkata.
“ As an activist, it is in my DNA to stand up for a cause.”
Iyer's guests on the two-hour Sunday show included a Sikh-Muslim male couple who spoke about how they met, their coming-out experience and still going strong after 12 years.
In another episode, a mother spoke with her son's ex-boyfriend and in the latest airing, a heterosexual man and his transgender wife shared their story.
Iyer, who hit headlines in 2015 when his mother posted a "groom wanted" matrimonial advertisement in a leading English-language newspaper, said people on his show have shared their stories openly.
"The unique religion, caste, gender and familial bonds in these stories are part of the narrative," Iyer said.
Related: Secret Online Groups Provide Safe Space for India's LGBTQ Community
There is no official data on the LGBTQ population in India, but the government estimates there are 2.5 million gay people, reflecting those who have declared their sexuality to the health ministry.
Campaigners say real numbers are far higher as many individuals conceal their identity fearing discrimination in a country where most marriages still take place within the boundaries of caste and religion.
Shivangini Jajoria, national operations head at Ishq, said the radio station wants to break down boundaries and feature all kind of relationships.
"When the Muslim and Sikh couple shared their coming out story, it made it easier for others to come out," said Jajoria. "People are also understanding the LGBTQ community better through these stories."
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Lava flowing unchecked from the volcanic eruption on the Big Island of Hawaii has now destroyed 75 homes and has sent a volcanic haze all the way to Guam.
Interested in Volcanoes? Add Volcanoes as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Volcanoes news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The Kilauea volcano, which exploded on May 3, showed no signs of calming down as its multiple fissures keep bubbling up through the earth, fueling a raging lava river that at some points was moving 500 yards an hour.
In the hard-hit Leilani Estates near the eastern corner of the Big Island, 75 homes have now been destroyed, Hawaii County officials said Wednesday, which is up from 51 per day earlier.
Tamir Kalifa/The New York Times/Redux
"High concentrations of volcanic gasses are still present in the Leilani Estates area, where fissures continue to create high fountains of lava," County of Hawaii Civil Defense officials said in a statement on Wednesday. "Residents close to any volcanic activity should remain alert and be prepared to voluntarily evacuate if necessary."
The lava flow also covered a section of Highway 132 on the Big Island, making it harder for residents still in the area to evacuate. Cell phone and landline communications in the Kapoho area were severely limited due to down power and telephone lines, according to Civil Defense officials.
Police, firefighters and public works employees went door to door in the Kapoho Beach and Vacationland areas evacuating residents.
Local resident Marvin Jones said he was staying put despite haze and volcanic rocks falling from the sky and the unpredictable lava flow.
Marco Garcia/Reuters
The lava had reached the back of his son's home and was pouring into a large crack in the ground left by a previous volcanic eruption, Jones told ABC News.
"We're just seeing how it's going, you know what I mean," said Jones, who lives in the lower Puna area of the Big Island. "Someday, hopefully, it will calm down. This is life in lower Puna. You just go with it. Hopefully, nobody gets hurt."
Marco Garcia/Reuters
The National Weather Service reported that the volcanic haze from the eruption had reached Guam, some 4,000 miles away.
Lava had also breached the property of the Puna Geothermal Venture plant, but officials told ABC News there was little danger of a toxic gas release because the geothermal wells had already been capped in preparation for the volcanic eruption.
Lava from two of the bigger fissures, fissure 8 and 18, in the lower East Rift zone of the Kilauea volcano was shooting up fountains of red-hot lava some 200 feet in the air, sending down a rain of rock in all directions.
The one good sign Wednesday was that trade winds had returned to the area pushing "vog" or volcanic fog southwest away from the area where there are homes.
MADRID — The Spanish parliament's lower house is debating whether to end Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy's nearly eight years in power and replace him with the leader of the Socialist opposition.
Rajoy refused to resign after his conservative Popular Party was fined as beneficiary of a large kickbacks-for-contracts scheme. In a damaging ruling last week, the court questioned Rajoy's claim that he and other top officials were unaware of the party's illegal accounting.
Socialist leader Pedro Sanchez, who is leading the no-confidence vote against Rajoy, would instantly become the country's prime minister if he wins 176 or more votes in the 350-seat Congress of Deputies on Friday.
His opening speech Thursday proposing an alternative government will be watched by other opposition lawmakers who are still undecided on whether to oust the government.
(AP Photo/Charles Krupa). Boston Bruins left wing David Pastrnak (88) is congratulated after his goal during the second period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series in Boston, Monday, April 17, 2017.
(AP Photo/Charles Krupa). Ottawa Senators center Derick Brassard (19) celebrates with teammates after his goal during the first period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series in Boston, Monday, April 17, 2017.
(AP Photo/Charles Krupa). Ottawa Senators left wing Mike Hoffman (68) tips the puck past Boston Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask (40) for a goal as he skates past during the first period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series in Boston, Monday, ...
(AP Photo/Charles Krupa). Boston Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask (40) looks up at Ottawa Senators center Ryan Dzingel (18) as the puck flies through the crease during the first period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series in Boston, Monday, Ap...
(AP Photo/Charles Krupa). Ottawa Senators center Jean-Gabriel Pageau, right, drops Boston Bruins defenseman Charlie McAvoy to the ice on a hard check during the first period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series in Boston, Monday, April ...
By KYLE HIGHTOWERAP Sports Writer
BOSTON (AP) - Bobby Ryan scored on a tip-in on a power play 5:43 into overtime, and the Ottawa Senators recovered after giving up a three-goal lead to beat the Boston Bruins 4-3 Monday night to take a 2-1 lead in the first-round series.
Ryan got free in the zone, tapping it in on assists by Kyle Turris and Erik Karlsson. Mike Hoffman added two goals for Ottawa, with Derick Brassard scoring the other. Craig Anderson finished with 17 saves.
It was the second straight overtime game of the series, and second consecutive win for the Senators following their 4-3 victory in Game 2.
This time Bruins rallied from a 3-0 deficit with three goals in second period, tying the game on a power play goal by David Pastrnak.
Noel Acciari and David Backes also scored for the Bruins. Tuukka Rask stopped 28 shots.
Game 4 is Wednesday night in Boston.
Ottawa seemed to be cruising in the second period following Hoffman's second goal of the night off a power play to make it 3-0. But then Boston finally got going on the offensive end.
First, forward Noel Acciari, who returned from injury, got Boston on the board on a tip-in off a miss by John- Michael Liles. That was followed 42 seconds later by Backes' slap shot after he broke through the Senators defense to swipe the puck and open the ice.
Then, the Bruins finally cashed in on Pastrnak's goal with Dion Phaeneuf in the penalty box for slashing.
It nearly nullified what was a dominating start by the Senators, who kept the action on their side of the red line for most of the first period.
The Bruins played through a rash of injuries in the first two games, and were missing defensemen Adam McQuaid, Torey Krug, Brandon Carlo and Colin Miller on Monday.
Acciari and center David Krejci both returned, but Boston struggled early to find much offensive traction.
Hoffman and Brassard scored just 25 seconds apart in the first period and exploited a depleted Boston defense to give Ottawa an early 2-0 lead.
The Bruins made up for their sloppy start and came out more aggressive on the offensive end in the second period, scoring three goals on just seven shots - including the two in 42 seconds - to get back into the game.
The Senators outshot the Bruins 10-3 in the first, taking advantage of several defensive breakdowns on their side of the ice.
Ottawa's first goal of the night came after Erik Karlsson flipped a pass behind Boston's defense to spring Hoffman on a breakaway. Hoffman controlled the puck and easily tapped it by Rask into the right corner of the net.
Then Brassard got on the board, slipping a slap shot by Rask for his second goal in two games.
Backes had the best opportunity to score for the Bruins in first period, but his attempt to fire a glove side shot by Anderson was wide right, striking the post.
It was the first game of the series that the Bruins had trailed after the opening 20 minutes.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
12:03 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Ten-year-old survivor: G-d saved me Read more
Migdal murder survivor Natan Atiya, thanks 'the nation of Israel for everything' and thanks G-d for saving him.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
DETROIT — Kameron Chatman had 21 points with eight rebounds to lead all five Detroit Mercy starters in double-figure scoring in a 74-60 victory over IUPUI on Friday night.
Chatman, who had four assists and three steals, scored 12 points in the first half when Detroit took a 38-28 lead after shooting 52 per cent and leading by as many at 18.
The Titans led the entire game and made 8 of 19 3-point tries. Roschon Prince and Josh McFolley added 14 points with McFolley making four of the Titans' 11 steals. DeShawndre Black scored 13 points and Cole Long 12 with seven assists for the Titans (7-17, 3-8 Horizon).
Jaylen Minnett led the Jaguars (7-15, 4-7), who have lost four straight, with four 3-pointers for his 12 points. IUPUI didn't get closer than seven in the second half.
The victory avenged an 81-66 loss at IUPUI on Jan. 16.
Wynn Resorts reported a first-quarter loss on Tuesday, its bottom line weighed by a nearly $465 million charge link to a legal settlement.
But after stripping away that one-time expense, it comfortably beat Wall Street's profit expectations, boosted by its gambling business in Macau even as the company grappled with sexual misconduct allegation forced the ouster of CEO Steve Wynn.
The company's new CEO, Matt Maddox, said he was "as excited as ever about the future prospects of this company." He said the company had seen "no degradation of business" during a reporting period marked by the scandal.
Wynn Resorts in March settled a 6-year-old legal battle with a Tokyo casino game maker and its U.S. unit over the forced redemption of their shares in the company. It agreed to pay $2.4 billion to Universal Entertainment Corp., which previously held an almost 20 percent stake in Wynn Resorts through its subsidiary Aruze USA Inc.
The company blamed expenses related to the settlement for the loss of $204.3 million, or $1.99 a share, in the three-month period that ended March 31. A year ago it earned $100.8 million, or 99 cents a share.
Its profit, adjusted for non-recurring costs, was $237.0 million, a 45 percent rise from $130.9 million in the same period of 2017, the company said in its first earnings report since the sexual misconduct scandal broke in January. The adjusted earnings came to $2.30 per share, topping analyst expectations for $1.96 per share, according to Zacks Investment Research.
Wynn resigned as chairman and CEO and later sold his company shares after the Wall Street Journal reported that several women said he harassed or assaulted them and that one case led to a $7.5 million settlement. He denies the allegations. He has filed a defamation lawsuit against The Associated Press for its reporting on a separate allegation made to police.
The company's earnings report came a day after Wynn's ex-wife, who is also the biggest shareholder and co-founder of Wynn Resorts, announced she was seeking the removal of one of the company's directors overseeing an internal investigation into the sexual misconduct allegations. Elaine Wynn said in a filing Monday with U.S. regulators that John Hagenbuch is allied too closely with Steve Wynn, and asked shareholders to reject his re-election.
In a statement in response to Elaine Wynn's letter, the company noted its decision last week to add three women directors to its board but did not directly address Hagenbuch's status.
The final piece of the company's long-running legal battle also ended earlier this month with Wynn agreeing to pay his ex-wife $25 million in a settlement. Elaine Wynn had joined the dispute alleging that had been unfairly removed from the board by her ex-husband and others in 2015 because of her inquiries into company activities.
Wynn Resorts said Elaine Wynn dropped claims against it, and the company made no payment under the agreement.
First-quarter revenue jumped at both of the company's casinos in Macau, the Chinese enclave where regulators have been inquiring about the sexual misconduct allegations.
But in fallout over the scandal, Maddox cast doubt on the future of a casino under construction in Massachusetts. Gambling regulators in the state are conducting a review to determine where Wynn Resorts should continue to hold the state's only greater Boston casino license.
Maddox said the company remains excited about the Massachusetts market but would to take "hard look" at the $2.5 billion project if there were indications that "contagion" from the controversy was affecting the rest of its business.
The company says it expects the Wynn Boston Harbor resort to open in mid-2019.
Its stock was down 2.3 percent to 185.6 in after-hours trading after the earnings report.
—————
Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on WYNN at https://www.zacks.com/ap/WYNN
It can't have been the most pleasant of three days…
Here's an idea for a horror film. Hollywood, you can have this. As long as you don't let M. Night Shyamalan direct it.
So, two teenagers get lost in the Catacombs of Paris – the underground ossuary known as “the world's largest grave”, containing the bones of more than six million people and found deep within the 150-mile network of tunnels that runs under the French capital.
The teenagers then have to survive for three days in the pitch-black tunnels of the Catacombs, without food or drink and wandering past bones underfoot and skulls on the walls with almost every step, before a search team eventually locates them after a lengthy search with a pack of rescue dogs.
Sounds terrifying, right? And whatever lucky film director does eventually take on this tale on can now legitimately stick “based on a true story” at the start of the film – because that's exactly what is reported to have happened to two teens aged 16 and 17 years old.
Yerry Mina believes Colombia deserved to win their round of 16 ties against England, despite their elimination from the World Cup on penalties.
The Barcelona defender scored three times during the tournament, including a last minute equaliser against the Three Lions to send Tuesday's game into extra-time.
But the South Americans were eliminated in heartbreaking fashion for the second consecutive World Cup after an unlucky defeat to Brazil in 2014, and Mina said it was a massive disappointment to lose against England.
"It was a tremendous blow," he told Mundo Deportivo.
“We did not deserve to lose, we have done more than England and the pity is that we could not decide [the game] before the penalties.
“It is a blow for the whole group. I thank God because he allowed me to score another important goal for my country, and I really thought that in the extra time we could win.”
Mina, 23, signed for the Catalan giants from Palmeiras in January, but only appeared five times for them in the back half of the season.
His performances at the World Cup have caught the eye of several clubs; however, he claimed he would take some time out to consider his future.
“In my head, I'm going back to Barça,” he said.
“Now is not the time to talk about my future, but the World Cup has helped me reconnect and reaffirm myself as a footballer.”
A water scientist is expecting results overnight on whether lake Taupō's algae bloom is toxic.
The lake's Five Mile Bay, Acacia Bay, Halletts Bay, Whakaipo Bay, the main lake front in Taupō township[ and Kinloch Beach are all confirmed sites where an algae bloom is being tested for safety.
Senior Water Scientist of the Waikato Regional Council, Dr Eloise Ryan, spoke to Kawekōrero Reporters about what a toxic algae bloom will mean for the region.
“There are two types of health concerns,” said Dr Ryan.
“The first can come from contact with the water. For example, if you put your hands and your feet in it. You could get things like skin rashes, stomach upsets, respiratory problems.
She said it could also cause breathing problems for asthmatics.
“The other thing is, if you ingest it, you could get neurological symptoms,” said Dr Ryan.
“That's things like numbness and weakness in your joints. And also visual symptoms.”
Dr EloisE Ryan describes the possibly toxic algae as appearing like big green and brown blobs that can either float on the water or sit on rocks and sand.
“So if you see it please stay away from it.”
Kawekōrero Reporters will publish Lake Taupō's algae test results as soon as they come to hand.
ORLANDO, Fla. – Panama knew it wasn't going to be an easy match heading into Friday's crucial World Cup qualifying game against the US national team.
But after a 4-0 defeat, which certainty puts their World Cup dreams in considerable peril, Panama head coach Hernan Dario Gomez is left with one lingering question after his side were thrashed at Orlando City Stadium.
“I think we should ask ourselves what happened?" Gomez told reporters following the match. "We encountered a team immensely superior from the start, to every capacity in everything they were superior. They played excellent tonight and for us, a bad night. We played really bad… we looked ugly. This is not the team or performance we worked so much for. That's what happened.”
The Panamanians were outshot 23-11, but it was the USMNT racing out to a 3-0 lead by halftime that proved the difference on the night.
“It was such, at halftime, I told the guys to let's try to hold their 3-0 goal lead because we needed at least one goal for goal differential,” Gomez continued. “It wasn't a good moment tonight for us, especially against a rival so superior. We were saved because that performance should have warranted 10 goals against us.”
For defender Roman Torres, having to mark US star Christian Pulisic brought its difficulties.
“To be honest, he's a player that moves really well, but not only him, but the other players as well moved around the field, and I think that's what hurt us,” said Torres. “We needed to be more concentrated, but for them it was a good night. I think we have to move on to the next stage and focus on the next challenge.”
Bobby Wood capped the scoring for the Yanks when he made it 4-0 in the 63rd minute, encapsulating a nightmare game for Los Canaleros.
Like his coach, Torres was left stunned by the capitulation.
“Honestly, I don't understand what happened tonight,” said Torres. “We lost, which is something hard and difficult for us, but we have to keep our heads up. We have to continue to move forward. Right now, we have to pick ourselves up and look forward to Tuesday and give our maximum and think about playing for the final spot.”
For Panama, the loss provisionally places them fourth the Hex standings with 10 points, with one game left, next week against Costa Rica in Panama. The fourth-place finisher in CONCACAF will play an inter-confederation playoff against either Australia or Syria.
Adolfo Machado, who did not play on Friday night, lamented over the loss. The 32-year-old defender from the Houston Dynamo called for calm and expressed hope Panama can still fight for their first ever World Cup spot.
“We have to be realistic… we can't find excuses, they were better than us tonight,” said Machado. “The possibility to go the World Cup still exists, we just now have to shift our focus on holding on to that last qualification spot that puts us playing in the playoff match.”
Reps Query MTN Over Mass Sack, Demand List Of Disengaged Staff
By ADEBIYI ADEDAPO,
The House of Representatives Committee on Telecommunications yesterday queried management of leading telecommunications company, MTN-Nigeria over mass disengagement of personnel.
The committee during an investigative hearing into the massive job loss and drop in revenue in the industry also requested the telecommunications company to provide a comprehensive list of persons disengaged from its service in the last one year.
MTN's acting Human Resource Executive, Ajibola Opeoluwa-Calebs, while responding to questions from the committee members explained that 194 staff voluntarily resigned from the company's service, out of the 368 staffers that were disengaged from the service in the last one year.
Ajibola said some of the disengaged staff were laid off due to their inability to use the latest technology in the industry.
This according to him have created new vacancies and the company is about to recruit about 240 new staff, and vacancies had been published for 150 position already.
“In April, we had a special arrangement with some of our employees who had been with us for some time and wants to go and use their skills elsewhere. 194 people left voluntarily, while 65 people were disengaged with the discretion of the management, while other were disengaged before April,'' he stated.
Chairman of the committee, Hon. Saheed Akinade-Fijabi during an investigative hearing wondered why 194 staff would voluntarily decide to leave the service at the same time, thereby demanded the list of affected staff for purpose of clarity.
‘‘Are you sure this voluntary arrangements was not compulsorily voluntary, I think we should verify ‎this, we need the list of those staff that were disengaged by voluntary arrangement,'' the Chairman stated.
Meanwhile, the director Human Resources of Airtel – Nigeria, Mr. Gbemiga Owolabi informed the committee that only 90 staff had left the service of Airtel in the last one year.
According to Owolabi, 60 persons out of this number resigned voluntarily, 6 were disengaged on ethical grounds while we're exited.
The post Reps Query MTN Over Mass Sack, Demand List Of Disengaged Staff appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Share
If you ever asked Google where you can buy a pair of tennis shoes, a car, or a smart home assistant, then the recent news from the online search giant will come as quite the treat. Google is now teaming up with brick-and-mortar retailers including Target, Walmart, Home Depot, Costco, and Ulta Beauty to make it easier than ever for you to find where you can purchase some of your favorite items.
The new initiative is being called Shopping Actions, and it allows retailers to give their customers “an easy way to shop … with a universal cart, whether they're on mobile, desktop, or even a Google Home device.” Basically, if you now search “where to buy” on Google, you will now see products recommended from a few distinct stores, all of which will be partnered with Google in some capacity (after all, the search giant has to make money, right?).
While this new feature will certainly make it easier for you to discover where best to purchase the items that you need in your life, it also helps Google compete against Amazon. Analysts told Reuters that before this program kicked in, most customers who search “where to buy” ultimately are directed to Amazon, which is, of course, Google's rival. But with Shopping Actions, both Google and other retailers alike could begin competing with the Seattle-based e-commerce giant.
Apparently, this new feature is already working — at least for retailers. In an Google Ads blog post, Google noted that the company's efforts of “surfacing highly relevant offers” to customers has benefited buyers and sellers alike. In fact, folks who are shopping using Shopping Actions are (likely unbeknownst to them) creating digital shopping carts that are about 30 percent larger than they would otherwise. This isn't necessarily surprising, as Shopping Actions does indeed seem to make the ecommerce experience much simpler. For example, if you search for a pair of tennis shoes using Google on your phone, you can add it to your new Shopping Actions-powered cart. Then, if you discover that you're out of paper towels while standing in your kitchen, you can tell your Google Home to add said towels to the same cart, and then check out with everything all at once.
So look out, Amazon. The war with Google is only just beginning, and it looks like it's getting tougher by the day.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Traveling for Memorial Day weekend? It's going to cost you.
Regular gas is predicted to cost $2.95 per gallon this holiday weekend, an almost 50 cent jump from this time last year, according to data from AAA. Drivers will end up paying $1 billion more for gas, reports GasBuddy.com.
In the past two weeks alone, gas has jumped at least 12 cents per gallon, sending motorists on a course to pay the highest Memorial Day prices since 2014.
Political clashes and basic economics have worked together to drive up prices, AAA spokeswoman Jeanette Casselano told NBC News.
"High global demand and shrinking global supply," said Casselano, along with "pending U.S. sanctions against Iran and Venezuela as well as OPEC cuts, and record U.S. oil production, are influencing higher crude oil prices in the market."
That's sent prices spiking in recent weeks. In New York City, one Mobil station at least briefly sold gas at $4.99 per gallon, according to reports.
That means savvy drivers will be looking for ways to trim their gas costs.
Driving 5 mph under the speed limit can contribute to fuel cost savings, Patrick DeHaan, Head of Petroleum Analysis for GasBuddy, told NBC News. Also look out for cash discounts, credit surcharges, and take advantage of loyalty programs that offer savings at the pump, he said. Members of wholesale discount clubs like Costco and BJ's may also receive gas discounts at the gas stations attached to them.
Other ways you can adjust your driving to save on gas include avoiding starting and stopping abruptly, easing your foot off the gas, and maintaining proper tire pressure and clean air filters. Use air conditioning, because modern car coolant systems are actually more fuel-efficient than the drag created by driving with the windows open.
Gas price comparison apps can come in handy, and be sure to check them before crossing state lines as differing state taxes can cost or save you cash.
The price impact won't stop at Memorial Day, either.
"With refineries now well positioned for the summer months, we may see some relief in mid-June, but expect this summer to remain the priciest since 2014 with a strong likelihood of the national average hitting the psychological $3 per gallon barrier sometime this summer should we see any unexpected outages or geopolitical tensions flare," DeHaan wrote in a blog post.
The year is nearly over and, while 2017 may not have featured the same rash of beloved celebrity deaths as 2016, it certainly gave many of us copious reasons to stress out. Whether your reasons are personal, professional, political, or otherwise, a year like this can make it hard to get that warm holiday feeling. Luckily, nothing cheers us up like festooning the hearth with colorful tchotchkes and embarking upon a good old-fashioned Christmas TV binge.
Many of us grew up on classic Christmas television specials, which tend to be warm, fuzzy affairs depicting traditional characters like Rudolph, Frosty, and old Saint Nick himself. We love those, but they're (mostly) not available for free. Further, while we love the classics, we also love the special Christmas episodes of our favorite TV shows, which usually offer more creative — yet still festive — takes on the holiday. So, we've collected our favorite easy-to-stream episodes and the best Christmas specials in an insanely festive collection of the best Christmas TV out there.
just about every sitcom worth its salt does a Christmas episode now and then. There's no shortage to choose from, but we handpicked our favorites, all of which you can find on Netflix, Hulu, HBO, or Amazon Video. Honorable mention to the pilot episode of The Simpsons, which isn't available to stream on any popular platform.
Note: If you're eyeing the best traditional Christmas specials, skip to page two.
Bob's Burgers — ‘Christmas in the Car' (season 4, episode 8), 2013 A modern Christmas favorite, Christmas in the Car sees the Belcher family on a last-minute pilgrimage for a replacement, replacement (yes we wrote that twice on purpose) Christmas tree, thanks to matriarch Linda's penchant for trimming the tree on November 1. On the way home, however, the gang becomes entangled with a menacing truck driver who's piloting a giant candy cane and is out for revenge. An homage to Duel, the frightening directorial debut from Steven Spielberg, this one has all the Christmas classics you need for a good time: Laughs, scares, Bobcat Goldthwait, and even Dutch Babies. Watch it now on: Hulu
South Park — ‘Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics' (season 3, episode 15), 1999 You might think any Christmas episode from the South Park crew would be unrelentingly subversive — and you'd be right — but, as seen through the lens of Trey and Matt, this one is as traditional as it gets. A take on the holiday jingle specials of old, Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics is as Christmassy as it gets in this small Colorado town – it perfectly synthesizes all the best characters, while offering both traditional and original tunes. There are plenty of fantastic South Park Christmas specials to choose from (including the original Mr. Hankey episode), but if you want your uproarious laughs mixed with some merry music-making, this episode is the ticket. Watch it now on: Hulu
South Park — ‘Woodland Critter Christmas' (season 8, episode 14), 2004 South Park has made so many instant-classic Christmas episodes, we couldn't choose just one. While each of the eight gems has something fantastic to offer, Woodland Critter Christmas is arguably the most outrageous (and thusly, the most South Parkian). Told in rhyming narration in the vein of Sunday School stories and Little Golden Books for children, the episode explores the inner workings of one of the darkest minds in South Park, while telling a captivating story starring the “boy in the red poof-ball hat.” Watch it now on: Hulu
The Office — ‘Christmas Party' (season 2, episode 10), 2005 Part of The Office's genius is that it's just enough like your own daily grind to be relatable, but weird and ridiculous enough to let you revel in it without feeling like you're actually at work. Season 2's Christmas Party rides that line beautifully, while also serving as the beginning of the American version's departure from the equally brilliant British series from which it spawned. In this one, Michael Scott has ruined yet another holiday for his intrepid staff, alienating everyone after he turns Secret Santa into White Elephant on a whim. The show has plenty of great Christmas episodes, but this one is the best: “Is this enough to get 20 people plastered?” “Fifteen bottles of vodka? Yeah, that should do it.” Watch it now on: Netflix
30 Rock — ‘Ludachristmas' (season 2, episode 9), 2007 What, you've never heard of the time-honored tradition of Ludachristmas (no, not that one)? Another non-traditional take on the season of joy, this episode from NBC's classic SNL parody sees the staff of Liz Lemon's variety show prepping for their yearly drunken extravaganza. But Kenneth the page's insistence that they remember the “true” meaning of Christmas, namely faith and charity, nearly ruins it for everyone. Meanwhile, Jack's crazy mother is determined to prove that Liz and her family's seemingly perfect relationship is nothing more than veneer, which is just an attempt to make her own son feel better about how awful she is. If that's not the spirit of Christmas, we don't know what is. Watch it now on: Hulu
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia — ‘A Very Sunny Christmas‘ (season 6, episode 13), 2009 The gang's all here! Any Christmas episode from Always Sunny — the show that makes Seinfeld's characters look like Good Samaritans — is bound to be an all-out mess. But A Very Sunny Christmas is even more violent, sacrilegious, and outright offensive than you probably remember. It's also possibly the funniest episode on this list. From Christmas hookers to maimed Santas to feats of brutal revenge, this one will have tears of laughter running down your face, even if you feel a little bad about it. Watch it now on: Hulu
Futurama — ‘Xmas Story' (season 2, episode 8), 1999 Fall asleep for a millennium and everything changes, including Chris … ahem, Xmas. In one of the best episodes from Matt Groening's wild sci-fi comedy, Christmas has transformed from a day of peace and love into a time of fear and horror, thanks to a maniacal Santa robot who short circuits, but still takes his job very seriously. Fry's 20th century mind barely has time to process the new order before he's running for his life from Santa's bazooka. Can the gang escape from the big, red robot killer? Yes. But it's still really funny watching them do it. Watch it now on: Hulu
Arrested Development — ‘Afternoon Delight' (Season 2, episode 6), 2005
Yeah, like the guy in the $5,000 suit is gonna watch some stupid Christmas episode! C'mon!! Gob is in full form in this one, insulting and otherwise offending every office staff member he comes into contact with, as Michael hopelessly tries to raise morale by throwing an office Christmas party. The show that got caught up in the streaming revolution was never quite the same when it moved to Netflix for season 4 (and 5), but this episode is vintage AD, and its recurring karaoke hijinks make it nearly impossible not to laugh. Watch it now on: Netflix Hulu
Peep Show — ‘Seasonal Beatings' (season 7, episode 5), 2010 If you've been looking for the most awkward Christmas dinner ever (ding! ding! ding!), you've found it. A perfect introduction to the deliciously awkward splendor that is Peep Show, this episode sees the ever-uptight Mark and his bohemian roommate, Jez, hosting Mark's family for Christmas dinner. On tap are Mark's liberal and overly sexual mother, his conservative and borderline-abusive father, his girlfriend (whom his parents know nothing about), and his sister (whom Jez slept with and then tossed aside). The table is set, the pieces are all in place — now sit back and enjoy the mayhem of the funniest dinner party you've ever encountered. Next to this, Christmas with the in-laws is a piece of cake. Watch it now on: Amazon Hulu
Black Mirror — ‘White Christmas' (season 2, episode 4), 2014 Don't let the wine and potatoes or the musty kitchen laid out in this episode's introduction fool you; Charlie Brooker has, to borrow from Pink Floyd, set the controls for the heart of the sun in this one. Jon Hamm's utterly charming mannerisms are no match for the eerie adventure contained within, which explores the very essence of humanity itself in the form of a flashback over Christmas dinner. Leveraging the time-honored tradition of dramatic British Christmas specials, White Christmas takes everything up a notch (or 10) for an experience you'll not soon forget. With season four on the way, this is a good way for fans to catch up. Watch it now on: Netflix
Community — ‘Abed's Uncontrollable Christmas' (season 2, episode 11), 2010 Community was known for its inventive episode concepts, and Abed's Uncontrollable Christmas certainly falls under that category. In keeping with the show's meta-tradition of breaking the fourth wall, Abed envisions the entire group in stop-motion animation (a classic Christmas trope, as evidenced by several of our selections below) as the group is teleported to icy Planet Abed by way of Christmas-nosis. Once there, the study group experiences several references to popular Christmas specials and works together to find the true meaning of Christmas. Watch it now on: Hulu
Saturday Night Live (season 24, episode 9), 1998 Nearly 20 years later, “Schweddy Balls” remains one of the most iconic segments ever to grace the Saturday Night Live stage. Played by Alec Baldwin, Pete Schweddy is interviewed by the hosts of “The Delicious Dish,” as he shows off his family's trademark holiday dish — balls made from cake, meat, and everything in between — which, of course, are sold in … sacks. The same episode is also home to one of the infamous “Bill Brasky” sketches, wherein Baldwin, Will Ferrell, and John Goodman reminisce on times spent with their extraordinary comrade. Watch it now on: NBC.com
Seinfeld — ‘The Strike' (season 9, episode 10), 1997 No, The Strike doesn't directly deal with the Christmas holiday, but it's certainly relevant here, having given rise to Festivus. While Elaine works to track down a coupon that she gave away (along with a fake phone number), Kramer learns all about Festivus, a holiday invented by George's father that involves bizarre ceremonies and the placement of a bare aluminum pole in lieu of a tree. Meanwhile, Jerry grapples with the relative attractiveness of his latest girlfriend. Watch it now on: Hulu
Curb Your Enthusiasm — ‘Mary, Joseph, and Larry' (season 3, episode 9), 2002 Is there anything more awkward (and hilarious) than Larry David trying not to screw things up? In the most festive episode of Curb, the Seinfeld mastermind finds himself in a holiday pickle on Christmas Eve after accidentally eating cookies that were baked specifically for a nativity scene by Cheryl's ultra-religious sister. Larry enlists the members of a nearby church to try and salvage the nativity scene, but (as is tradition) things go terribly wrong, and Larry struggles to make peace. Watch it now on: Amazon HBO Now HBO Go
Tickets can be purchased until Thurby, Oaks and Derby Days respectively. (Source: Churchill Downs)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Don't have luck betting on the ponies? There's another way to win at Churchill Downs during Derby season.
Churchill Downs Incorporated Foundation announced Monday that it will open three separate 50/50 raffles that will be held during Kentucky Derby week with proceeds benefiting charitable initiatives supported by the foundation. They include Thoroughbred aftercare, arts and educational opportunities for backside employees, and breast and ovarian cancer research and prevention.
This year, tickets can be purchased online at DerbyGives.com. Derby fans across the country will be able to purchase raffle tickets from their computers or mobile devices.
DIGITAL DERBY GUIDE
+ Harry Connick Jr. to sing national anthem at Kentucky Derby
+ Pegasus Parade float lineup set
+ TARC expands service for Thunder Over Louisville
Tickets for each raffle may be purchased between now and Thurby, Oaks and Derby Days, respectively. Tickets cost $5 each and are available only to people who are 18 years of age or older and resident of the United States on the date of purchase.
For additional information and complete official raffle rules, visit DerbyGives.com.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
SPENCER, Mass. — Firefighters in Massachusetts responded to a fast food restaurant over the weekend to free a young girl who got stuck in the playground.
The Telegram & Gazette reports that firefighters responded to a McDonald's in Spencer at around 8 p.m. Sunday.
Firefighters say they needed a ladder to reach the girl, who was stuck 10 to 12 feet (3 to 4 metres) in the air. Police say it took a cutting tool and about 30 minutes to free her.
Police think the girl suffered a dislocated knee. She was taken to a hospital for treatment.
Her name and age were not released, and it is unclear how she became trapped.
——
Information from: Telegram & Gazette (Worcester, Mass.), http://www.telegram.com
SHERBROOKE, Que. — Evan MacKinnon and Marek Zachar each had two goals and an assist as the Sherbrooke Phoenix defeated the Quebec Remparts 6-4 on Saturday in Quebec Major Junior Hockey League action.
Thomas Gregoire and Felix Robert also scored for the Phoenix (15-11-7). Evan Fitzpatrick turned away 23 shots.
Derek Gentile, Olivier Garneau, Jesse Sutton and Andrew Coxhead supplied the offence for Quebec (19-10-4). Dereck Baribeau made 29 saves.
Sherbrooke went 4-for-7 on the power play and the Remparts were 1-for-4.
—
OCEANIC 3 TIGRES 2 (SO)
RIMOUSKI, Que. — Alex-Olivier Voyer had the shootout winner and added another in regulation to lift the Oceanic over Victoriaville.
Christopher Inniss had the other goal in regulation for Rimouski (20-7-4) and Colten Ellis made 30 saves.
Ivan Kosorenkov and Vincent Lanoue scored for the Tigres (13-13-5). Anthony Morrone turned away 23 shots.
—
SAGUENEENS 6 ARMADA 4
CHICOUTIMI, Que. — Kelly Klima and Olivier Galipeau had a goal and an assist apiece as the Sagueneens beat Blainville-Boisbriand.
Felix-Antoine Marcotty, Samuel Houde, Zachary Lavigne and Mathieu Desgagnes supplied the rest of the offence for Chicoutimi (14-14-3). Zachary Bouthillier turned aside 25 shots.
Thomas Ethier, Anthony Morin, Mathieu Boissonneault and Michael Kemp scored for the Armada (21-6-2). Emile Samson made 25 saves in defeat.
—
DRAKKAR 6 CATARACTES 0
BAIE-COMEAU, Que. — Justin Blanchette stopped all 22 shots he faced and D'Artagnan Joly had a goal and two assists as the Drakkar shut out Shawinigan.
Jordan Martel, Nolan Gardiner, Isaiah Gallo-Demetris, Christopher Benoit and Louis Tardif also scored for Baie-Comeau (13-16-2).
Mikhail Denisov turned away 45 shots for the Cataractes (9-23-1).
—
OLYMPIQUES 3 ISLANDERS 1
CHARLOTTETOWN — Anthony Beauchamp's goal late in the first period stuck as the winner as Gatineau got past the Islanders.
Pier-Olivier Lacombe also chipped in during the first period and Mitchell Balmas added an empty netter for the Olympiques (16-10-4). Mathieu Bellemare made 31 saves.
Matthew Grouchy had a power-play goal for Charlottetown (18-11-1) and Matthew Welsh stopped 22 shots.
Gatineau's Shawn Boudrias received a major penalty and game misconduct for boarding in the first period.
—
VOLTIGEURS 3 SCREAMING EAGLES 2 (OT)
SYDNEY, N.S. — Pavel Koltygin scored the winner at 1:10 of overtime and Olivier Rodrigue kicked out 34 shots as Drummondville edged the Screaming Eagles.
Robert Lynch and Xavier Bernard also scored for the Voltigeurs (21-9-2).
Jordan Ty Fournier and Noah Laaouan found the back of the net for Cape Breton (15-13-3). Kyle Jessiman made 31 saves in defeat.
—
TITAN 5 SEA DOGS 2
BATHURST, N.B. — Antoine Morand struck twice and Joseph Murdaca made 21 saves as the Titan downed Saint John.
Dawson Theede, German Rubtsov and Jeffrey Truchon-Viel also scored for Acadie-Bathurst (18-8-6).
Cole Reginato and Ostap Safin had goals for the Sea Dogs (8-18-6). Matthew Williams turned away 30 shots.
—
WILDCATS 5 FOREURS 1
VAL-D'OR, Que. — Dylan Seitz had a hat trick and an assist to lift Moncton beat the Foreurs.
Brady Pataki and Anderson MacDonald also chipped in for the Wildcats (14-15-3). Mark Grametbauer kicked out 29 shots.
Ivan Kozlov replied on the power play for Val-d'Or (13-16-2). Etienne Montpetit made 23 saves in defeat.
—
HUSKIES 7 MOOSEHEADS 2
ROUYN-NORANDA, Que. — Rafael Harvey-Pinard scored twice and added an assist while Felix Bibeau had the winner and two helpers as the Huskies downed Halifax.
Justin Bergeron, Chris McQuaid, Peter Abbandonato and Patrik Hrehorcak supplied the rest of the offence for Rouyn-Noranda (17-7-6). Jean-Philippe Tourigny combined with Samuel Harvey for 32 saves.
Filip Zadina and Jared McIsaac scored for the Mooseheads (18-9-5). Alexis Gravel combined with Blade Mann-Dixon for 23 stops for Halifax.
—
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
Something about kids knowing they're better off because they can “afford” to cut the lunch line just doesn't feel right. Waiting in line teaches them PATIENCE! Listen above to find out what we have to say about kids cutting the lunch line; would it be different if it was adults?
Join the conversation! Share your opinion on this story with Karson & Kennedy on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
Telesco agrees the crop of quarterbacks in this draft is "a deep class, not only in the first round, but some other rounds as well. We've seen it the last couple of years. The quarterback classes have been pretty good. Guys are coming into the league and playing a little bit quicker than they used to."
With Geno Smith and Cardale Jones on the roster behind Rivers, Telesco has the luxury of knowing he doesn't need to draft a quarterback. He'll decide soon whether the succession plan will wait another year.
Here are more things to contemplate before the Chargers make their picks:
TOUGH CHOICES
The Chargers' prolonged surge into playoff contention last season left them squarely in the middle of the pack for the draft. Telesco would have rather been in the post-season than the 17th overall slot, but his scouts and executives believe they can get a worthy talent with their current position.
"You typically have about 18 to 20 first-round-graded players, give or take a couple," Telesco said. "If we don't trade out, we'll still get someone who we feel is a first-round player on our board. It's just more scenarios you have to work through."
BACK ON D
Telesco's team has plenty of desires, but no gaping needs that would compel them to value position over talent. Telesco said he will stick to his philosophy of picking the top available player, but he sees "more defence" among the desirable picks in this particular draft pool.
If that's a clue to the Chargers' intentions, they have plenty of needs, including a topflight safety to replace Tre Boston or a starting linebacker to help out Denzel Perryman.
While Los Angeles has one of the NFL's best pass-rushing duos with Joey Bosa and Melvin Ingram, another defensive tackle such as Vita Vea or Da'Ron Payne would bolster a sometimes porous run defence.
RUN IT BACK
Telesco acknowledges he could be looking for an offensive playmaker who can double as a kick returner after Los Angeles finished 30th in the league in return yards. The Bolts already have elite talent at receiver in Keenan Allen, Tyrell Williams and Mike Williams, who is hard at work in the off-season program after an injury-filled rookie year as the seventh overall pick.
DO THE WORK
The Chargers' front office executives and scouts were busy this week preparing for the draft by sifting through hundreds of scouting reports and making their final evaluations before going into a massive mock draft.
"We'll go through different scenarios of where guys would go, and what we would do," Telesco said. "Because (on) draft day, you can't have those discussions. It's hard enough making decisions with the clock ticking down in front of you. You can't have those long discussions at that point. You have to have that decided."
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Telesco's first five years in charge included big hits in 2016 with first-round pick Bosa and second-round tight end Hunter Henry, both budding stars. He also grabbed running back Melvin Gordon in the first round in 2015 and got starting linebacker Denzel Perryman in the second round.
Telesco hasn't been as successful in unearthing hidden gems, with few later-round picks becoming major contributors. For instance, 2016 third-round pick Max Tuerk lasted just two years and failed to become the Bolts' starting centre. But he got a huge hit in the third round in 2013 when he drafted Keenan Allen, who overcame injuries to become a Pro Bowl receiver.
Much of the evaluation of last year's class must wait, since first-round receiver Mike Williams didn't play much and second-round offensive lineman Forrest Lamp missed the whole season because of injuries.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Greg Beacham, The Associated Press
Manchester United made an offer in excess of €100million for Bayern Munich forward Thomas Muller, according to the Bundesliga champions' executive vice-chairman.
United broke the world transfer record with their re-signing of Paul Pogba from Juventus for an initial fee of £89.3million and big spending has been a particular feature under Jose Mourinho and his predecessor Louis van Gaal at Old Trafford.
Jan-Christian Dreesen, the executive board member who is oversees Bavaria's financial affairs, told Sport Bild that Muller has also been on United's radar for a similar figure, even though the prospect of selling the 2014 World Cup winner was never seriously considered.
"There really was such a thing. A fax came from England," Dreesen said.
"For us, however, a sale of Thomas Muller was never discussed.
"If a player fits us, we would be stupid to take the short-term prospect of a record profit to weaken the team."
Muller is chasing a fifth consecutive Bundesliga title for Bayern this season but the 27-year-old has struggled for his best form under Carlo Ancelotti, scoring four goals in 26 appearances across all competitions and just one in Germany's top flight.
The New England Patriots were able to finish the season with an impressive 14-2 record. For Tom Brady, he hopes to win another MVP award.
It was another fantastic regular season for the New England Patriots. Despite quarterback Tom Brady being suspended for the first four games of the regular season, the Patriots were able to clinch home-field throughout the playoffs.
A lot of credit has to be given to the coaching staff and Jimmy Garoppolo and Jacoby Brissett. If not for starting the season 3-1 without Brady, the Patriots wouldn't have been in a position to be the best team in the AFC.
In the final game of the regular season, Brady was able to finish his season on a very strong note. In the 35-14 win against the Dolphins, Brady totaled 276 passing yards and three passing touchdowns. As the best team in the AFC, Brady has had the team success being in his favor for his MVP quest this season.
Now that the regular season is over, Brady has finished with one of the best statistical seasons of his career. In 12 games, Brady totaled 28 touchdown passes and just two interceptions. That ratio is the best in league history, as he just passed Nick Foles who threw 27 touchdown passes and two interceptions a few years ago.
Brady does have some competition for the MVP award mostly from the teams in the NFC. Aaron Rodgers and Matt Ryan have both had excellent seasons for their teams. The strong play of late has placed both of them also in the conversation.
Due to Brady being suspended, he clearly didn't have the chance to accumulate as many stats as either of them. What Brady does have in his favor is an 11-1 record as a starter this season. Also, he has the best single-season touchdown to interception ratio.
The game against the Dolphins gave the Patriots home-field advantage. However, it should have also been enough to get Brady the 2016 MVP award for his great season.
More from Musket Fire
This article originally appeared on
A man was taken to hospital this morning following a rollover on the Burnett Highway.
A man was taken to hospital this morning following a rollover on the Burnett Highway. Renee Albrecht
PARAMEDICS have been called to three crashes in the Gympie region in the past 24 hours.
This morning a car that rolled on the Burnett Hwy near Goomeri blocked one lane of the highway. The 65 year-old male driver, who had cuts to the face, legs and arms, was taken to Murgon Hospital in a stable condition.
Last night a 54-year-old man who crashed on Cunningam Rd at Goomboorian at 9.35pm was taken to Gympie Hospital with minor injuries.
Paramedics were also called to Crescent Rd at 11.51pm after reports of a single vehicle crash into a wall.
On arrival, there were no occupants in the vehicle, a Queensland Ambulance spokesman said.
If you love all things Italian, you'll probably want to pay a visit to a cosy new Croydon bistro which serves up rich coffees, fresh salads and handmade sweet treats.
Romeo, on Wickham Road in Shirley, was opened on September 29 by husband and wife team Tracey-ann and Julian Sequino, who wanted to bring a taste of Italy to their neighbourhood.
The couple, who have two young children, had been running a similar café in central London for more than ten years when they decided it was time to “bring a bit of London and Italy closer to home”.
“When we first moved here, we loved the area but we realised it was just not possible to stop and have a nice coffee anywhere after a walk,” Tracey-ann explained.
“There's a lovely little community here and we wanted to offer some diversity to the parade by providing an alternative to a greasy spoon – fry-ups are great but you just don't fancy them every day.
“Our menu consists of things that nowhere else around here offers and everything is light, fresh and made from scratch.”
The bistro serves hot breakfast and lunch dishes as well as pastries, cakes, tarts, salads and paninis in a variety of flavours.
The menu been designed with Julian's expertise as a fourth-generation chef, and all dishes can be eaten in or taken away.
“We want people to make themselves at home here and to serve them food which is all about quality rather than quantity,” Tracey-ann said.
“The menu is simple so we can focus on doing a few things very well – and so that customers who are popping in quickly on the school run can choose something they will love.”
For breakfast, you might choose granola with fresh berries and yoghurt or an egg muffin – which is a crustless quiche made with carrots, peppers and crispy pancetta.
Hearty lunch dishes include a beef and vegetable stew and baked aubergines stuffed with tomato sauce and cheese, with lighter bites like bruschetta and fig salad with mozzarella also available.
If you're peckish between meals, sweet treats on the menu include fruit gateau, chocolate and citrus cupcakes and brioche buns filled with cream or Nutella and berries.
To drink, there's a tempting range of herbal teas and hot coffee on offer, as well as Italian-style thick hot chocolate.
Cold drinks include smoothies, pear juice, apricot juice and an iced coffee drink called an Illy Crema, which Julian described as “deliciously smooth, icy and creamy”. A range of beers, wines and Prosecco are also available.
Julian, who was born in Italy and learned to cook from his father, explained why he is enjoying taking a step away from central London to cook for people in Croydon.
He said: “I've done the rush of Notting Hill and now I think it's time for us as a family to settle and offer our local community somewhere to relax and have a chit-chat with a great cup of coffee or glass of wine.
“I'm passionate about coffee and I love to cook, but I also wanted to be there more for my children and spend more time with them because they are growing up so quickly.”
(Image: Sarah George)
The bistro is named after the couple's eight-year-old son Romeo, who Tracey-ann said loves sampling treats with sister Flaviana, four.
“I've been supported by all of the local mums and the kids' friends have been saying that their family love to come here,” she explained.
“We have had hundreds of people looking in and popping in because they are curious to see what Romeo is all about, and it's proven popular with parents on the school run.”
The bistro is currently open from 8am to 4pm from Monday to Saturday, but the Sequino family hope to one day offer an evening menu of cheese and meat platters to be served with wine.
